By James Kwak
Wall Street is engaged in a cover-up .
Not a criminal cover - up , but an intellectual cover-up .
The key issue is whether the financial crisis was the product of conscious , intentional behavior — or whether it was an unforeseen and unforeseeable natural disaster .
We ’ve previously described the “ banana peel ” theory of the financial crisis — the idea it was the result of a complicated series of unfortunate mistakes , a giant accident .
This past week , a parade of financial sector luminaries appeared before the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission .
Their mantra : “ No one saw this coming . ”
The goal is to convince all of us that the crisis was a natural disaster — a “ hundred - year flood , ” to use Tim Geithner ’s metaphor .
I find this incredibly frustrating .
First of all , plenty of people saw the crisis coming .
In late 2009 , people like Nouriel Roubini and Peter Schiff were all over the airwaves for having predicted the crisis .
Since then , there have been multiple books written about people who not only predicted the crisis but bet on it , making hundreds of millions or billions of dollars for themselves .
Second , Simon and I just wrote a book arguing that the crisis was no accident : it was the result of the financial sector ’s ability to use its political power to engineer a favorable regulatory environment for itself .
Since , probabilistically speaking , most people will not read the book , it ’s fortunate that Ira Glass has stepped in to help fill the gap .
This past weekend ’s episode of This American Life includes a long story on a particular trade put on Magnetar ( ProPublica story here ) , a hedge fund that I first read about in Yves Smith ’s ECONned .
The main point of the story is to show how one group of people not only anticipated the collapse , and not only bet on it , but in doing so prolonged the bubble and made the ultimate collapse even worse .
But it also raises some key issues about Wall Street and its behavior over the past decade .
This will require a brief description of what exactly Magnetar was doing .
( If you know already , you can skip the next two paragraphs . )
It ’s now a cliche that a CDO is a set of securities that “ slices and dices ” a different set of securities .
But it ’s slightly more complicated than that .
First there is a pile of mortgage - backed securities ( or other bond - like securities ) that are collected by an investment bank .
The CDO itself is a new legal entity ( a company ) that buys these MBS from the bank ; that ’s the asset side of its balance sheet .
Its liability side , like that of any company , includes debt and equity .
There ’s a small amount of equity bought by one investor and a lot of debt , issued in tranches that get paid off in a specific order , bought by other investors .
The investment bank not only sells MBS to the CDO , but it also places the CDO ’s bonds with other investors .
Whoever buys the equity is like the “ shareholder ” of this company .
There is also a CDO manager , whose job is to run the CDO — deciding which MBS it buys in the first place , and then ( theoretically ) selling MBS that go bad and replacing them by buying new ones .
The CDO itself is like an investment fund , and the CDO manager is like the fund manager .
According to the story , in 2006 , when the subprime - backed CDO market was starting to slow down , Magnetar started buying the equity layer — the riskiest part — of new CDOs .
Since they were buying the equity , they were the CDOs ’ sponsor , and they pressured the CDO managers to put especially risky MBS into the CDOs — making them more likely to fail .
Then Magnetar bought credit default swaps on the debt issued by the CDOs .
If the CDOs collapsed , as many did , their equity would become worthless , but their credit default swaps on the debt would repay them many , many times over .
The key is that Magnetar was exploiting the flaws in Wall Street ’s process for manufacturing CDOs .
Because the banks made up - front fees for creating CDOs , the actual human beings making the decisions did not particularly care if the CDOs collapsed — they just wanted Magnetar ’s money to make the CDOs possible .
( No one to buy the highly risky equity , no CDO . )
Because the ratings agencies ’ models did not particularly discriminate between the contents that went into the CDOs ( see pages 169 - 71 of The Big Short , for example ) , Magnetar and the banks could stuff them with the most toxic inputs possible to make them more likely to fail .
Now , one question you should be asking yourself is , how is this even arithmetically possible ?
How is it possible that a CDO can have so little equity that you can buy credit default swaps on the debt at a low enough price to make a killing when the thing collapses ?
You would think that : ( a ) in order to sell the bonds at all , there would have to be more equity to protect the debt ; and ( b ) the credit default swaps would have been expensive enough to eat up the profits on the deal .
Remember , this is 2006 , when several hedge funds were shorting CDOs and many investment banks were looking for protection for their CDO portfolios .
The answer is that nothing was being priced efficiently .
The CDO debt was being priced according to the rating agencies ’ models , which were n’t even looking at sufficiently detailed data .
And the credit default swaps were underpriced because they allowed banks to create new synthetic CDOs , which were another source of profits .
So here ’s the first lesson : the idea that markets result in efficient prices was , in this case , hogwash .
By taking advantage of these inefficiencies , Magnetar made the Wall Street banks look like chumps .
This American Life talks about one deal where Magnetar put up $ 10 million in equity and then shorted $ 1 billion of AAA - rated bonds issued by the CDO .
It turned out that in this deal , JPMorgan Chase , the investment bank , actually held onto those AAA - rated bonds and eventually took a loss of $ 880 million .
This was in exchange for about $ 20 million in up - front fees it earned .
But who ’s the chump ?
Sure , JPMorgan
Chase the bank lost $ 880 million .
But of that $ 20 million in fees , about $ 10 million was paid out in compensation ( investment banks pay out about half of their net revenues as compensation ) , much of it to the bankers who did the deal .
JPMorgan ’s bankers did just fine , despite having placed a ticking time bomb on their own bank ’s balance sheet .
Here ’s the second lesson : the idea that bankers ’ pay is based on their performance is also hogwash .
( The idea that their pay is based on their net contribution to society is even more absurd . )
So who ’s to blame ?
The first instinct is to get mad at Magnetar .
But this overlooks a Wall Street maxim cited by TAL : you ca n’t blame the predator for eating the prey .
Magnetar was out to make money for its limited partners ; if it had bet wrong and lost money , no one would have bailed it out .
Although I probably would n’t have behaved the same way under the circumstances , I have no problem with Magnetar .
I do have a problem with the Wall Street bankers in this story , however .
Because losing $ 880 million of your own company ’s money to make a quick buck for yourself is either incompetent or just wrong .
And allowing Magnetar to create CDOs that are as toxic as possible — and then actively selling their debt to investors ( that ’s where the banks differ from Magnetar , in my opinion ) — is either incompetent or just wrong .
But even so , I do n’t think the frontline bankers are ultimately at fault .
Maybe they were simply incompetent .
Or maybe , they were knowingly exploiting the system to maximize their earnings — only in this case the system they were exploiting was their own banks ’ screwed - up compensation policies , risk management “ systems , ” and ethical guidelines .
In which case the real blame belongs to those who created that system and made it possible .
And that would be the bank executives who failed at managing compensation , risk , or ethics , endangering or killing their companies in the process .
And that would be the regulators and politicians who allowed these no -money down no - doc negative - amortization loans to be made in the first place ; who allowed investment banks to sell whatever they wanted to investors , with no requirements or duties whatsoever ; who allowed banks to outsource their capital requirements to rating agencies , giving them an incentive to hold mis-rated securities ; who declined to regulate the credit default swaps that Magnetar used to amass its short positions ; who allowed banks like Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase to get into this game with federally insured money ; and who failed at monitoring the safety and soundness of the banks playing the game .
The lessons of Magnetar are the basic lessons of the financial crisis .
Unregulated financial markets do not necessarily provide efficient prices or the optimal allocation of capital .
The winners are not necessarily those who provide the most benefit to their clients or to society , but those who figure out how to exploit the rules of the game to their advantage .
The crisis happened because the banks wanted unregulated financial markets and went out and got them — only it turned out they were not as smart as they thought they were and blew themselves up .
It was not an innocent accident .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 11/5/2010 ( 3795 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
Canada and Britain share the dubious distinction as the only two parliamentary democracies in the western world still clinging to the antiquated and unrepresentative first past the post voting system .
Its premise that two contending parties can effectively reflect the public will may have been true in a bygone simpler era of ethnically and geographically homogeneous societies .
But FPTP serves only to frustrate the popular will and undermine democracy in today 's world of multiracial , multicultural and often geographically diverse nations .
In a multi-party system , FPTP routinely , even capriciously , over - rewards parties with specific geographic bases and unfairly penalizes those with broad but not concentrated appeal .
In other words , it rewards regionalism -- certainly not a healthy development for an already highly sectional and fractured country like Canada .
Look at the Liberal party .
It governed throughout most of the 20th century and earned the sobriquet of the most successful political party in the western world because it had a hammerlock on Quebec 's 75 seats .
Today , the Conservative party appears poised to repeat that feat well into the future thanks to its hammerlock on the 92 ridings in the four western provinces .
Now look at the 2008 federal election .
With just 37 per cent of the vote , the victorious Conservatives captured a near - majority of seats -- 47 per cent of the 308 .
The Liberals were slightly under - represented , 27 per cent of the vote and 24.6 per cent of the seats .
The New Democrats were far worse off : 18 per cent of the vote but just 12 per cent of the seats .
The Greens ' seven per cent won them not a single seat .
But the geographically concentrated Bloc Québécois walked away with 15.6 per cent of the seats although they won just 10 per cent of the vote .
Last week 's British election produced a roughly similar distortion .
The victorious Conservatives obtained a near - majority , 47 per cent of the 650 seats , with only 36.1 per cent of the vote .
The governing Labour Party was tossed out -- but with a consolation : only 29 per cent of the vote gave it 40 per cent of the seats , leaving it still in the running to stay in office .
The Liberal Democrats took 23 per cent of the vote but just 8.8 per cent of the seats .
Electoral reform , replacing FPTP with proportional representation , is one of the Liberal Democrats ' bottom - line conditions for forging a coalition with either Conservatives or Labour .
If the coalition talks in Westminster succeed , Canada will be completely isolated among western parliamentary democracies as the only jurisdiction left still regarding PR and its frequent outcome , coalition government , as bad , undemocratic , and as of last year , downright sinister .
FPTP 's proponents argue that the fact it produces " stable " and " strong " " majority " governments able to take " tough decisions " is worth the sacrifice of the democratic principles of making every vote count and ensuring equal representation for every citizen .
But most democratic societies now recognize " majorities " elected by often far less than half the voters are false and there are more important values than simply guaranteeing the trains run on time .
Riven by linguistic , cultural and geographic schisms that grow deeper and wider every year , Canada , particularly , cries out for PR and coalition government .
But generations of Canadians have been taught that PR produces " pizza " parliaments -- unstable , fractious and routinely crisis - ridden , with no direct connection between the voter and the MP .
But unstable , fractious and routinely crisis - ridden is now an excellent description of Canada 's unruly and often puerile parliament -- elected by supposedly " stable " FPTP .
There are many different forms of PR , one of which retains FPTP 's main strength : the right of voters , not parties or party leaders , to choose their MPs .
The alternative vote is used in Australia and favoured by the British Labour Party .
Voters rank each candidate on the ballot in order of preference .
If a candidate receives a majority of first place ballots on the first count , he or she is elected .
If no single candidate gets more than 50 per cent of the votes cast , the second choices for the candidate at the bottom are redistributed and the process repeated until one emerges with an absolute majority .
It is a majoritarian system , not true PR .
However , it has one huge advantage over FPTP : all MPs end up with the support of an absolute majority of their constituents .
Gone would be outcomes such as the 2005 British election , when 19 million Britons -- fully 70 per cent of all who voted -- cast irrelevant or " wasted " ballots , playing no role at all in choosing their MP .
Frances Russell is a Winnipeg author and political commentator .
CCTV footage , Dagestan ( Russia ) , May 22 .
A group of radical muslims opposing sale of alcohol open fire on supermarket with automatic weapons .
Reporting from Washington --
The CIA received secret permission to attack a wider range of targets , including suspected militants whose names are not known , as part of a dramatic expansion of its campaign of drone strikes in Pakistan ’s border region , according to current and former counter - terrorism officials .
The expanded authority , approved two years ago by the Bush administration and continued by President Obama , permits the agency to rely on what officials describe as “ pattern of life ” analysis , using evidence collected by surveillance cameras on the unmanned aircraft and from other sources about individuals and locations .
The information then is used to target suspected militants , even when their full identities are not known , the officials said .
Previously , the CIA was restricted in most cases to killing only individuals whose names were on an approved list .
The new rules have transformed the program from a narrow effort aimed at killing top Al Qaeda and Taliban leaders into a large - scale campaign of airstrikes in which few militants are off - limits , as long as they are deemed to pose a threat to the U.S. , the officials said .
Advertisement
Instead of just a few dozen attacks per year , CIA - operated unmanned aircraft now carry out multiple missile strikes each week against safe houses , training camps and other hiding places used by militants in the tribal belt bordering Afghanistan .
As a matter of policy , CIA officials refuse to comment on the covert drone program .
Those who are willing to discuss it on condition of anonymity refuse to describe in detail the standards of evidence they use for drone strikes , saying only that strict procedures are in place to ensure that militants are being targeted .
But officials say their surveillance yields so much detail that they can watch for the routine arrival of particular vehicles or the characteristics of individual people .
“ The enemy has lost not just operational leaders and facilitators -- people whose names we know -- but formations of fighters and other terrorists , ” said a senior U.S. counter - terrorism official , speaking on condition of anonymity .
“ We might not always have their names , but ... these are people whose actions over time have made it obvious that they are a threat . ”
In some cases , drones conduct surveillance for days to establish the evidence that justifies firing a missile , the officials said .‬
Even then , a strike can be delayed or canceled if the chance of civilian casualties is too great , they said .
Advertisement
But some analysts said that permitting the CIA to kill individuals whose names are unknown creates a serious risk of killing innocent people .
Civilian deaths caused by Western arms is a source of deep anger in both Pakistan and Afghanistan .
“ There are a lot of ethical questions here about whether we know who the targets are , ” said Loch Johnson , an intelligence scholar at the University of Georgia and a former congressional aide .
“ The danger is that it could spawn new terrorists and increase resentment among the Pakistani public , in particular where these strikes are taking place . ”
U.S. officials say the strikes have caused fewer than 30 civilian casualties since the drone program was expanded in Pakistan , a claim that is impossible to verify since the remote and lawless tribal belt is usually off - limits to Western reporters .
Some estimates of civilian casualties by outside analysts are in the hundreds .
Of more than 500 people who U.S. officials say have been killed since the pace of strikes intensified , the vast majority have been individuals whose names were unknown , or about whom the agency had only fragmentary information .
In some cases , the CIA discovered only after an attack that the casualties included a suspected terrorist whom it had been seeking . ‬
Advertisement
The CIA was directed by the Bush administration to begin using armed drones to track Osama bin Laden and other senior Al Qaeda figures , as well as Taliban leaders who fled to Pakistan ’s tribal areas after the Sept. 11 attacks .
President Bush secretly decided in his last year in office to expand the program .
Obama has continued and even streamlined the process , so that CIA Director Leon E. Panetta can sign off on many attacks without notifying the White House beforehand , an official said .
Missile attacks have risen steeply since Obama took office .
There were an estimated 53 drone strikes in 2009 , up from just over 30 in Bush ’s last year , according to a website run by the New America Foundation that tracks press reports of attacks in Pakistan .
Through early this month , there had been 34 more strikes this year , an average of one every 3 1/ 2 days , according to the site ’s figures .
The 2010 attacks have killed from 143 to 247 people , according to estimates collected by the site , but only seven militants have been publicly identified .
Among them are Al Qaeda explosives expert Ghazwan Yemeni , Taliban commander Mohammad Qari Zafar , Egyptian Canadian Al Qaeda leader Sheikh Mansoor , and Jordanian Taliban commander Mahmud Mahdi Zeidan .
Advertisement
Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mahsud , the architect of a series of suicide bombings and raids on markets , mosques and security installations in the latter half of 2009 , was targeted in multiple strikes last year after evidence emerged that he was involved in attacks against the Pakistani government and Americans .
He was initially believed to have been killed in a January drone strike , but apparently survived .
This week he appeared in a video , vowing additional attacks against the U.S .
U.S. officials said Wednesday that there is increasing evidence that Mahsud ’s group , known as Tehrik - e - Taliban , had helped train the Pakistani American who allegedly attempted to carry out a car bombing in New York ’s Times Square .
The attempt may have been a response to the escalating U.S. drone campaign , one official said .
Advertisement
The number of Predator and Reaper drones in the region is classified , but one former official estimated that the size of the fleet has at least doubled in the last year .
The increased numbers improve the CIA ’s ability to conduct continual surveillance against multiple targets in North Waziristan and other militant strongholds , the officials said .
The CIA maintains a list of senior members of Al Qaeda , the Taliban and other militants , identified by name , whom the agency still tracks and seeks to kill .
The decision to widen the program was made because counter - terrorism officials saw militant threats growing , but were unable to use lethal force unless they were able to track a targeted individual .
“ In the last year of the Bush administration , the intelligence people had overwhelming evidence that Al Qaeda was regrouping in the tribal areas , and was plotting actively against this country , ” said the counter - terrorism official .
“ You ca n’t hear an alarm like that and then do nothing , ” the official said , adding that the actions taken by the Bush administration have “ intensified since . ”
Advertisement
The CIA program is operated independently of the U.S. military , which flies its own unmanned aircraft primarily over Afghanistan and follows different targeting procedures .
The border region is a stew of interlocking and shadowy militant groups , some of which seek to attack U.S. troops in Afghanistan or mount larger attacks against U.S. interests , while others are more focused on overthrowing the Pakistani government .
Some outside analysts caution that it could be difficult to determine whether a suspect about whom little is known represents a threat to U.S. interests .
But former officials who were involved in the program said that many of the groups were found to be working together , and thus were considered legitimate targets .
One former official directly involved in the program said many locations were watched so closely that the CIA could predict daily routines .
Advertisement
“ Is the white van there yet ? ” the official said , giving an example of the degree of scrutiny .
“ Is he walking with a limp ? ”
Officials say some decisions are straightforward -- for example , if drones observe bomb - making or fighters training for possible operations in Afghanistan .
In one case cited by officials , a missile was fired at a compound where unknown individuals were seen assembling a car bomb .
People who are determined to be raising money for Al Qaeda or who only facilitate its operations are not targeted , according to a senior administration official .
Such support “ is not enough as a matter of administration practice and policy to make you a target for lethal operations , ” the official said .
In addition to more drones , U.S. intelligence agencies involved in the program have increased the number of analysts working on tracking targets and have made other technical upgrades that have improved their ability to track and kill militants .
Advertisement
The Pakistani government occasionally complains publicly about the U.S drone strikes , but also has helped expand the program by providing information about possible targets and by clearing airspace , so the drones can operate without risk of collision with other planes , officials said .
david.cloud@latimes.com
I ’m a big fan of photography magazines .
There ’s nothing like seeing someone ’s successful photo and reading , right next to it , how they did it .
You learn so much so fast .
( Actually , what was even better was the Popular Photography monthly feature where they ’d show you the outtakes — the photo right before and right after the winner .
You could see the muffed versions of the fantastic shot .
You learned what not to do — and you learned that even the pros do n’t get every shot right .
Unfortunately , the magazine eliminated this feature with its recent redesign . )
Anyway , the caption always gives the specs for the photo : “ Taken with a Nikon D90 at 1/200th second , aperture f/2.8 , exposure +1 , using Sigma 18 - 200 mm lens ” or whatever .
It ’s always bothered me that often , the camera came up with these settings .
Plenty of shutterbugs use Auto mode or Program mode , where the camera computes the shutter speed and aperture size .
Others use Aperture Priority mode or Shutter Priority mode , where the photographer dials up one variable ( the f- stop or the shutter speed ) and the camera calculates the other one ( the shutter speed or the f- stop ) .
So publishing all of those stats , as though the photographer manually calculated each one , is a little deceptive and unhelpful !
I think they should SAY what the photographer did ( “ set aperture to f / 7 ” ) and what the camera did ( auto shutter speed 1/20th sec ) .
I ’m not about to start a national campaign for this , but you know — in a parallel universe , this revised system would be more helpful to those of us trying to master this complicated art .
The other day on the Internet , one man ’s Facebook circle received a public service announcement of sorts :
This goes out to any girl that ive ever been with .
I got tested today for Herpes and i came out positive .
Privacy just is n’t what it used to be .
With Facebook at the forefront , social networking companies with business models hungry for personal data and a youthful generation raised on the Internet seem to be pulling the 21st century toward a more “ transparent ” culture , in the approving words of Mark Zuckerberg , the social networking giant ’s 26 - year - old founder .
Facebook ’s stated mission : “ Giving people the power to share and make the world more open and connected . ”
In other words , letting more people know more about each other .
This comes as long - standing social mores and sensibilities are being shaken by the convergence of Silicon Valley technologies .
Besides Facebook , which is based in Palo Alto , sites such as Twitter and YouTube are encouraging hundreds of millions of people to share information and images .
Gadgets developed here , from the PC to the iPad , have made it simple for users to create , communicate and access that vast amount of digital data .
And Google , Yahoo , Microsoft and others have made it easier to find all of that information .
“ Facebook has indeed changed the nature of privacy on the Internet , in that it actually encourages people to make maximum disclosure of their personal information without regard for the possible consequences , ” said Robert Ellis Smith , publisher of Privacy Journal , a publication that since 1974 has tracked the impact of technology and law on privacy .
“ Facebook involves lots of young persons who either are not old enough to give meaningful consent or have not had enough life experience to know the consequences . ”
The defining acronym of our time may be TMI , the text - message shorthand for “ too much information . ”
In the six years that Facebook has turned its “ sharing ” service into a global phenomenon approaching a half - billion users , a Nexis search of major newspapers found a 2,000 percent increase in the use of the term “ oversharing . ”
The hazards of TMI can range from embarrassment and job dismissals to fraud .
PleaseRobMe.com , a website that uses Twitter ’s search capability , was set up to highlight how people ’s willingness to disclose their whereabouts makes their homes vulnerable to burglars .
Attitude vs. behavior
Facebook , Twitter and other companies , many consumer advocates and some lawmakers say , should do more to protect users who may not understand how widely their data is exposed .
Laws to strengthen personal rights on the Internet , some argue , must also anticipate the unintended consequences of advancing technologies .
Improvements in facial recognition , for instance , could result in identifying the individuals in the vast numbers of photos and videos on the Web — whether they want to be or not .
As it is , individuals have no control over whether their images are posted by others , or comments made about them .
But the companies driving the TMI trend argue that users post information voluntarily .
And a close examination of Internet use , scholars say , reveals a disconnect between individuals ’ expressed attitudes about privacy and their behavior .
“ People report in studies that they care deeply about privacy , ” said Ryan Calo , a fellow at Stanford Law School ’s Center for Internet and Society .
“ But then people do n’t seem to act in a way that protects their privacy . ”
The conclusion many researchers and advocates draw is not that actions speak louder than words , but that the economic interests of many Internet companies are served by users ’ ignorance .
“ Right now , many companies are trying to get as much information as they can because it ’s so valuable , ” Calo said .
Consumers would find reason for pause , he suggested , if they contemplated “ these privacy policies that nobody reads . ”
In fact , the term “ privacy policy ” was found to give people a false sense of security , according to a study led by Chris Hoofnagle , director of the UC Berkeley Boalt Hall School of Law ’s Center for Law and Technology .
Privacy not a default
Facebook , the dominant force in online social networking , has been criticized for what one analyst called its “ ready , fire , aim ” approach to privacy policies .
Initially tailored for university communities , Facebook has steadily broadened its default privacy settings in a way that exposes as much of a user ’s posted information on the Web as possible unless users customize those controls .
Zuckerberg and his lieutenants argue that the site ’s privacy controls strike a proper balance , noting that more than half of Facebook users have used the service ’s settings either to restrict data or make it more open .
The company also says it actively polices the service , banishing third - party application providers suspected of violating Facebook ’s privacy policies .
Facebook ’s collegiate roots have helped foster the popular view that young adults , having grown up with the Internet , are less worried about personal privacy than their elders .
But that notion has been called into question by recent surveys led by Hoofnagle and by the Pew Center for the Internet and Society that found keen interest regardless of age .
Younger adults , the studies found , were actually more likely to actively “ manage ” their online data , rather than acquiesce to Facebook ’s default settings .
On the other hand , older adults have been more likely to shun online social networks entirely , or generally be less active users and accrue fewer online “ friends . ”
Privacy , researchers say , is a shape - shifting concept that means different things to different people at different points in their lives .
Life experience , Smith and Hoofnagle point out , often makes people more circumspect .
Strategic networking
Outside a Starbucks near Santa Clara University , Amina Beslagic and Sedina Jusic , both 22 , said they took care to tighten their privacy settings to ensure their data is shared within their personal networks , each numbering more than 200 friends .
But , they say , some of their friends and teenage siblings seem much more extroverted on Facebook .
“ Younger kids , they do n’t really care , ” Beslagic said .
As Beslagic described it , an incident in the workplace prompted her to restrict her profile further .
A colleague she ’d never met in person said he had looked up her Facebook profile .
Although it contained nothing she considered embarrassing , Beslagic said she was concerned that he might look up friends ’ profiles and see photos of them “ drinking and everything that goes with it . ”
Beslagic then decided to restrict the identity of her friends .
Inside San Jose ’s Martin Luther King Jr. Library , 23 - year - old Jessica Kalapin said she had 222 people in her Facebook network , and she finds it valuable to stay in touch with friends and family in Hawaii and Guam .
Kalapin said she ’s been careful about privacy settings since she signed up two years ago : “ It ’s only open to my friends . ”
At another computer , 50 - year - old Anthony Sims said he had about 30 friends in his network and was comfortable with the default settings .
“ It ’s not like I have anything to hide , ” he said .
Sims said he believed that older users like himself are probably more careful about what they say online .
TMI ‘ to the fifth degree ’
TMI can result from ignorance or accidents .
Many Facebook users may be familiar with seeing “ status updates ” from friends that were clearly intended for one person , not the entire group .
And in researching this report , a Mercury News reporter who searched the term “ abortion ” uncovered a terse message on a woman ’s profile indicating she was at a clinic and feeling “ so sad . ”
Efforts to reach the woman who had apparently posted the message were not successful .
It was not clear that she meant this message for the more than 1,000 people in her Facebook network — as well as any Facebook user conducting such a search .
But she was not alone in exposing what many would consider intensely personal information .
Another woman posted a message announcing she had just learned her sister was pregnant and that it was “ abortion time . ”
The context and veracity of messages observed in this manner is hard to determine .
While some herpes comments appeared to be pranks played in mischief , others appeared sincere .
One high school senior in Kentucky who shared his diagnosis with more than 500 people on his Facebook network was contacted by the Mercury News .
He indicated that it was no joke , describing his condition as “ herpes to the fifth degree . ”
Such candor on the Internet , some public health advocates say , may provide a service by helping lift the stigma and silence that abets the spread of sexually transmitted diseases .
But some people , others point out , may live to regret the way a moment of indiscretion can come back to haunt them , in ways they may have never imagined .
A case of herpes , Hoofnagle noted , can inspire a lawsuit — and a comment on Facebook could wind up as evidence in court .
Contact Scott Duke Harris at 408-920-2704 .
I watched this video last night and had to share it .
Whether you agree or do n’t , the illustrations are enough reason to watch the video ;)
Thanks for the tip Katie !
The second period starts slowly .
There is still ample tension but the game is more subdued physically than it had been in the first .
The play goes back and forth but neither team can penetrate the defence for a good chance on goal and the goalies who looked so shaky in Game One have still barely been tested .
Without warning , the game shifts .
Mike Richards takes a Moreaunic hooking penalty in the offensive zone ( redundant , I know ) as he tries to slow Brian Campbell who he 's racing for the puck .
As the play concludes , Dan Carcillo hits Campbell as if to remind us that hockey is a strange game .
The violent play is consequence - free but the skillful stick earns two minutes of shame .
The Hawks are as stifled on the power play as they had been at even strength and the two minutes come and go without a shot on goal .
Richards is out of the box inspired to make amends .
He takes a pass from Simon Gagne and breaks in on goal alone , a cold Niemi the only man standing between Richards and a " History Will Be Made " promotional video .
Alas , history was n't made , at least not in the way Richards had hoepd , but the flood - gates are opened .
Duncan Keith with a shot off the rush , Ville Leino with a power move to the front of the net , Richards again off a steal and Marian Hossa with a one - timer from the slot .
It looks like these goalies are playing pretty well .
The teams are set for a faceoff in the offensive zone .
Oskars Bartulis ' chance to clear goes hard up the boards but is kept in at the line by Keith .
A second chance for Lukas Krajicek is ripped around the other side with a bit more urgency but this time Seabrook holds it in .
The puck comes to Sharp in the high slot who wastes no time in getting the puck on net .
Like vultures Brouwer and Hossa swoop down to pick Bartulis ' and Krajicek 's flailing carcasses and the Hawks have the lead .
And then it 's 2 - 0 .
Ben Eager is as surprised by his abrupt interjection as he is excited .
Scoring Chances
For those who'd like a definition : a scoring chance is defined as a clear play directed toward the opposing net from a dangerous scoring area - loosely defined as the top of the circle in and inside the faceoff dots , though sometimes slightly more generous than that depending on the amount of immediately - preceding puck movement or screens in front of the net .
Blocked shots are generally not included but missed shots are .
A player is awarded a scoring chance anytime he is on the ice and someone from either team has a chance to score .
He is awarded a " chance for " if someone on his team has a chance to score and a " chance against " if the opposing team has a chance to score .
And , of course , a big thanks to Vic Ferrari for making the whole damn thing possible with his awesome scripts .
In Game One the two teams had six chances each at even strength chance with the score tied .
In Game Two , both teams earned eight chances with the score tied .
Philadelphia may be down 2 - 0 in the series but they have n't looked like the mediocre Eastern Conference team that many were expecting .
In fact , netminding aside , describing the series as even is being charitable to the Blackhawks more than it is to the Flyers .
As for the third period , I think the Flyers deserve a lot of credit for their +8 differential .
The Blackhawks were n't sitting on their lead .
They were willing to forecheck with two attackers and when a defender had an opportunity to jump into the play with minimal risk , he did n't hesitate .
This was more a case of the Flyers being aggressive and earning chances as a result .
The empty - net chances at the end are a good reflection of the Flyers ' attitude throughout the period .
I thought it was kind of funny that Laviolette decided not to pull Michael Leighton after the Hawks iced the puck 1:55 only to then pull him when they iced it for a second time ten seconds later , but his second call was , in my opinion , the right one and a very aggressive move compared to many other NHL coaches .
The Hawks were trapped with Niklas Hjalmarsson and Brent Sopel on the ice and the Flyers almost capitalized .
Laviolette 's decision to keep the goalie pulled with a defensive zone faceoff and under thirty seconds to go was another good aggressive call that might be considered unconventional .
Bottom line : the Flyers earned their chances but just could n't score .
Both teams were much better tonight which made for a more exciting hockey game .
For the Flyers , the top line was dominant , especially in the last two periods .
I do n't know if they were at all spurred on by Dan Carcillo 's antics but I thought that guy 's play in the first period made it one of the more exciting first periods I 've seen in the playoffs ( though that head - butt on Tomas Kopecky was filthy ) .
For the Hawks , the top line was a lot better .
They did n't generate much offense but they were n't giving a tonne back either , which is a big improvement over Game One .
Still , there 's no question in my mind that Hossa , Sharp and Brouwer were , again , Chicago 's best line .
If I was Peter Laviolette , I 'd be tempted to match Richards , Carter and Gagne against Hossa , Sharp and Brouwer .
I can't imagine Bolland 's group doing as much damage as Sharp 's against the lower half of the lineup and if nothing else it will make Quenneville work hard to get the matchups he wants .
Inhabitants of the New Jerusalem
3. Simon Gagne -
He played most of the game with Mike Richards and Jeff Carter and that line did a very good job .
They may have been Philadelphia 's worst line in Game One ( relative to expectations ) but tonight they were by far the Flyers ' most dangerous unit .
Gagne himself had a splendid game .
The scoring chances include Gagne 's goal of course but that certainly was n't the only one that involved Gagne directly A couple more were Gagne 's own shots and still others involved some great passes .
His best pass is likely the one to spring Mike Richards at 12:27 of the second for a breakaway but ...
2. Antti Niemi - made the save .
After a poor game in Game One , Antti Niemi was very good in Game Two .
He was the best goaltender in the game and that was one of the biggest reasons the Blackhawks won .
The Flyers had several chances but tended to miss the net ( or hit the post in the case of Claude Giroux ) when they went for the high part of the net and could n't beat Niemi when they went for the low part of the net .
It seemed to me that Niemi played a very strong positional game .
1. Marian Hossa -
He was stirring the drink on the line with Patrick Sharp and Troy Brouwer .
The chances do n't look all that favourable at + 8 - 7 but he was + 7 - 4 without the empty - net sequence at the end of the game .
He was justly rewarded with the go - ahead goal , scored with a wonderful combination of Hossa 's skills .
He identified an opportunity , moved in quickly , was strong enough to gain position and elevated the puck from in tight .
Hossa has been great in both of the first two games and if Chicago wins , he 'll be the guy I 'm most happy for .
I like to imagine Patrick Kane celebrating this win only to have Marian Hossa grab him by his popped collar and yell , " Respect the hockey gods ! " as he shakes him half to death .
At the very least , I guarantee Hossa is the guy least comfortable with a 2 - 0 series lead .
Cast Into the Lake of Fire
3. Danny Briere - Yeah , not so good this time .
I thought he ran around a bit when the puck was in the Flyers ' zone but by far the most egregious play was the sequence beginning at about 1:25 of the second period with the Hawks up 2 - 0 .
Briere got the puck at the Hawks ' blueline but instead of getting it deep , he skated back toward his own zone .
Patrick Sharp followed and instead of moving the puck to a teammate , Briere decided to grab Sharp 's stick , either to try to draw a penalty or because he was afraid Sharp was going to steal the puck .
At any rate , he does n't get the call and Troy Brouwer sneaks in to steal the puck and gets a great scoring chance .
This is followed by Marian Hossa getting the rebound , though at least his shot was blocked .
This was a terrible sequence by Briere that really ought to have resulted in him getting a penalty in the best case scenario .
2. Dave Bolland -
Well , when you take out that empty - net sequence in the third he's ... still - 6 . Damn .
At least he was starting a lot in his own zo ... not so much .
Nine OZ draws against seven DZ draws in the game at evens .
In addition to the - 6 for the chances , he also " led " the team with a - 11 Corsi .
Just bad .
In fairness , he is playing with Tomas Kopecky who , at least in my opinion , is pretty awful .
Against the Canucks Kopecky played with Sharp and Hossa and they just looked awful .
Then Brouwer replaced him and things were fine !
I know the Bolland line was n't any hell against San Jose with Andrew Ladd in the lineup , but I 'd be willing to bet that Ladd is a big improvement on Kopecky .
1. Oskars Bartulis -
This was weird , weird , weird .
Bartulis played 10:45 , all at even strength .
The last time Ryan Parent played at least that much ?
The 6 - 0 win over Montreal .
If Bartulis is going to play this much in a close game , why on earth was Parent even in the lineup before ?
A partial answer would seem to be that Bartulis is pretty terrible .
( Edit : Thanks to Geoff Detweiler for correcting my memory of events on this sequence )
On the Hawks ' first goal - and why you would use Bartulis and Krajicek for a DZ faceoff I just do n't know - Bartulis was n't able to clear the zone while his partner was n't able to clear the rebound and was n't able to box out Hossa .
On the Hawks ' second goal , Bartulis and Krajicek were on the bench .
Do you see how easy that is ?
I guess some of the defenders must have told the coach that they could n't handle thirty minutes a game .
This is bad , bad news for the Flyers .
Proudly content free Verändert sich der Journalismus , wenn er aus dem Print - ins elektronische Medium wechselt ?
Nur die Formenvielfalt wird grösser , und der traditionelle Journalismus erhält die Chance , seine Stärken wieder vermehrt zu nutzen .
Datensignale , Datenströme , Datenlandschaften – welche « Inhalte » oder « contents » bergen Silizium - Chips ?
( Bild : Imago )
Eine rot umrandete Warnung ziert als Eigenwerbung eine ganze Seite der US - Zeitschrift : « Harper 's Magazine is 100 % Content Free ! »
Darauf auch ein rotes Warnschild , auf dem das Wort « content » durchgestrichen ist .
Die kurzzeitige Irritation ob der Frage , wie ein aktuelles politisches und literarisches Magazin inhaltsfrei sein könne und welcher Widerspruchsteufel die Herausgeber da wohl geritten habe , verfliegt schnell , wenn man weiterliest .
Was dann kommt , löst einen anderen Widerspruch für viele lese - , journalismus - und literaturaffine Menschen auf , der sich seit langem mehr oder minder merklich aufgebaut hat : die Vermischung und Nivellierung aller – von erheblichen kategorialen Unterschieden geprägten – Inhalte im Internet unter dem Begriff « content » .
I nhalt und Gehalt
In der englischen Sprache hat « content » zwei Bedeutungen .
Zum einen meint es allgemein den « Inhalt » zum Beispiel eines Mediums .
Zum anderen meint es den « Gehalt » von Informationen oder auch medialen Inhalten .
Dass es zwischen diesen beiden Bedeutungen einen erheblichen Unterschied geben kann , haben wir im Zuge der Verallgegenwärtigung des Begriffs « content » als Beschreibung dessen , was wir im Internet an Inhalten finden , leider aus dem Blick verloren .
Hier steht « content » für eine generalisierte Produktkategorie von Angeboten , deren Gehalt erst einmal zweitrangig ist , solange sie sich vermarkten lassen .
Seit mehr als zehn Jahren sind viele Medienunternehmen intensiv mit der Frage beschäftigt , wie sich ihre Geschäftsmodelle ins Netz hinüberretten und wie sich die Inhalte im Internet besser vermarkten , sprich : verkaufen lassen .
Als Konsequenz daraus hat sich « content » zu einer Metakategorie entwickelt , die Inhalte im Netz in erster Linie aus ökonomischer Perspektive betrachtet .
Daran ist nichts verwerflich , denn Medienangebote , Filme , Literatur müssen entgegen allen Grundannahmen der « free content » - Bewegung natürlich verkauft werden , damit ihre kreativen Urheber und Produzenten die mit diesen Inhalten verbundenen Kosten decken können .
Im Netz fliessen potenziell alle Inhalte zu einem grossen Datenstrom zusammen .
Das ist jedenfalls technisch möglich , wird im Sinne der « Crossmedialität » ( eine weitere Wortstanze , bei der manch einem inzwischen die Augen flimmern ) auch immer wieder als mediale Zukunft propagiert .
Aber werden sie damit auch in ihrem Gehalt immer ähnlicher , wie es die « Mash - up - Kultur » nahelegt ?
Darauf gibt die Werbekampagne von « Harper 's Magazine » eine klare Antwort : « Everybody gives you .
But you 'll never find that in Harper 's Magazine .
Instead , you 'll get literature .
Investigative reporting .
Criticism .
Photojournalism .
Provocative adventures .
Daring commentary .
And truth - telling as only Harper 's Magazine can tell it . »
Das ist eine Werbung für den Respekt vor Gattungsunterschieden von Medieninhalten und ein Plädoyer für die verschiedenen Funktionen , die Texte bisher hatten – von der aktuellen Information über das Erzählen bis zur Meinungsbildung .
Wenn wir uns im Internet umschauen , dann stellen wir fest , dass es eine ganze Reihe von neuen Inhalten gibt , die tatsächlich netzspezifisch innovativ sind oder die eine Hybridform aus traditionellen Inhaltskategorien und neuen Formen der Netzkommunikation darstellen .
Dazu gehören zum Beispiel Weblogs .
Ausserdem erwachsen dem Internet neue Erzählkulturen , die sich alle Möglichkeiten und Formen der Informationsvermittlung und des Erzählens dienstbar machen .
Dazu zählen journalistische Artikel oder auch Romane , an denen interessierte Leser im Netz mitschreiben können , um so wiederum zu Autoren zu werden .
Und dazu gehören dann auch Produkte wie Helene Hegemanns « Axolotl Roadkill » , die man in tradierter Einordnung als Plagiat bezeichnet hätte , die aber nun plötzlich als « webbasierte Intertextualität » eine neue Textkultur begründen – ein « Pfingstrosen - Nebelstern » im publizistischen Universum , der womöglich ebenso schnell verglüht , wie er derzeit hell leuchtet .
Alles , was mit Veröffentlichung zu tun hat , ist primär von der Suche nach Aufmerksamkeit getrieben .
Eine Botschaft ist darauf gerichtet , wahrgenommen zu werden , im Wettbewerb um Aufmerksamkeit gegen andere Botschaften zu bestehen , ja diesen zu gewinnen .
Im Internet hat sich dieser Wettbewerb verschärft .
Beschleunigung , Fragmentierung und Subjektivierung von Informationen im Netz betonen die spontane Reaktion statt der Reflexion , die punktuelle Aktualität statt der kontextuellen Einordnung , persönliche Positionierung und Parteilichkeit statt journalistischer « checks and balances » .
Das Netz ist das am stärksten dekonstruktivistische Medium , das wir kennen .
« The remix is the very nature of the digital » , hat uns William Gibson schon vor Jahren im Magazin « Wired » verkündet .
Ist die Differenzierung zwischen unterschiedlichen Funktionen und Bedeutungen von Inhalten im Netz also obsolet geworden ?
Haben wir zu Recht den Respekt vor den Gattungen begraben , um uns zwangloser im digitalen Remix neu erfinden zu können ?
So einfach ist es wohl doch nicht .
Denn mediale Angebote in Text und Bild haben ihre Funktion keineswegs verloren .
Sie liegt weiterhin darin , uns die soziale Teilhabe in der Gesellschaft zu ermöglichen .
Ohne zeitliche , sachliche und soziale Synchronisation durch Themen und Inhalte der Medien werden wir zu digitalen Einsiedlern .
Dann werden wir zu Opfern eines ins Gegenteil verkehrten Metcalfschen Gesetzes : Auch wenn immer mehr technische Netzwerkknotenpunkte uns verbinden und einen theoretischen Mehrwert bieten , vereinsamen wir sozial .
Ein
Thema , über das ich nur mit mir selbst sprechen kann , wird schnell langweilig .
Das Internet hat gänzlich neue Arten und Formen von Texten hervorgebracht , die Altbekanntes auf zum Teil faszinierende Weise ergänzen .
Es lässt sich unter dem Begriff der Individualpublizistik zusammenfassen , was im Netz eher als « user generated content » geführt wird .
Diese Individualpublizistik verbindet sich inzwischen mit traditionellen publizistischen Formen , beispielsweise in der Integration von Bürgerjournalismus in die Websites von Zeitungen .
Der britische « Guardian » ist dafür ein herausragendes Beispiel .
Diese Entwicklung hat besonders viel Hoffnungen und Sorgen hervorgerufen .
So sprechen die Netzoptimisten von der Demokratisierung der Inhalte , der kritischen Nutzerbeteiligung , wie manche Medientheorien ( z. B. das epische Theater Bertolt Brechts oder Hans Magnus Enzensbergers Medienbaukasten ) sie schon vor Jahrzehnten gefordert haben .
Die Netzpessimisten befürchten , dass es zwar immer mehr Inhalte , aber immer weniger Gehalt im Netz gibt , wenn jeder sein eigener Autor und Journalist wird .
Beide haben recht .
Beides gibt es im Internet .
Und deshalb gibt es keinen Grund zur Sorge .
Wenn wir nach einem Leitcode für die Individualpublizistik suchen , dann lautet er subjektiv / intersubjektiv .
Wer im Netz publiziert , tut dies erst einmal aus einer individuellen Motivation heraus und im Eigeninteresse .
Ihre Funktion ist es , den « spontanen Ausdruck eines momentanen Gedankens » zu ermöglichen , wie es der US - Starblogger Andrew Sullivan beschreibt .
Ihre Inhalte sind daher kontingent und extrem porös .
Es gibt keine erlaubten und unerlaubten Grenzen und Referenzen .
Alles ist transitorisch .
Sprache ist dabei « work in progress » , ebenfalls spontan , subjektiv , oft frei von Formen und Vorgaben – « writing out loud » , wie Andrew Sullivan es nennt .
Wer sich allein aus Blogs informieren will , muss viel Zeit und Energie aufwenden .
Deshalb bleibt auch im Internet ein Platz für guten Journalismus .
Seine Funktion ist es , einen Beitrag für die sachliche , soziale und zeitliche Synchronisation unserer Gesellschaft zu liefern .
Sein Mittel ist die Thematisierung oder das Agenda - Setting .
Und sein Leitcode ist aktuell / nicht aktuell .
Wenn wir uns als Bürger , Konsumenten , soziale Gefährten jeden Tag neu verständigen wollen , brauchen wir diesen Journalismus , der Recherche , investigatives Arbeiten und eine professionelle Beobachtungsgabe sowie ein entsprechendes Einschätzungs - und Einordnungsvermögen voraussetzt .
Besinnung auf die Kernaufgabe
Die Aktualität ist dabei der zeitliche Filter , mit dem auch der Journalismus im Netz seine Auswahl trifft , Themen für die Leser selektiert .
Und zuweilen ist dieser Filter durch die Beschleunigung so eng geworden , dass nur noch der Zeitfaktor eine Rolle spielt und andere Selektionskriterien auf der Strecke bleiben .
Schnelligkeit schlägt Sachgenauigkeit und Relevanz .
Im Netz wird das zum Teil so bleiben .
Aber in den traditionellen Medien erleben wir seit einiger Zeit eine erfreuliche Neubesinnung auf die sachliche und soziale Aktualität in Form von debattenorientierter Hintergrundberichterstattung , längeren Stücken , fast literarisch erzählenden Reportagen .
Dafür bleibt die Sprache auch so wichtig , weil sie nicht nur Instrument , sondern im Wortsinne Verwirklichungsmedium des Journalismus ist .
Die Formen werden also vielfältiger .
Aber die Kernaufgabe des Journalismus bleibt bestehen ebenso wie seine exklusive Codierung durch Aktualität .
Wenn er sie im Sinne gesellschaftlicher Synchronisation zu nutzen versteht und dabei nicht die Ohren vor dem « writing out loud » verschliesst , dürfen wir uns auf die Zukunft des Journalismus freuen .
Er wird dann weit mehr hervorbringen , als « content » zu beschreiben vermag .
Unconscionable .
Offensive .
Hurtful .
Bigoted .
Terrible .
Hateful .
These are the words being used to describe Helen Thomas ’ recent comment about Israel and Palestine .
Editorialists across the country have condemned her statement that Jews should “ get the hell out of Palestine ” and “ go back ” to Europe .
Let ’s agree that she should not have said those things , and that a just and lasting peace in the Middle East fundamentally requires reconciliation between Palestinians and Israeli Jews .
We need also to agree on a formula that allows them both to be at home in the same land ( I have long advocated the idea of a single democratic and secular state for both peoples ; a state that treats all citizens as equals ) .
Insisting that either people does not belong is not merely counterproductive ; it lies at the very root of the conflict .
If , however , it is unacceptable to say that Israeli Jews do n’t belong in Palestine , it is also unacceptable to say that the Palestinians do n’t belong on their own land .
Yet that is said all the time in the United States , without sparking the kind of moral outrage generated by Thomas ’ remark .
And while the nation ’s editorialists worry about the offense she may have caused to Jews , no one seems particularly bothered by the offense felt every day by Palestinians when people — including those with far more power than Thomas — dismiss their rights , degrade their humanity and reject their claims to the most elementary forms of decency .
Are we seriously to accept the idea that some people have more rights than others ?
Or that some people ’s sensibilities should be respected while others ’ are trampled with total indifference , if not outright contempt ?
One does not have to agree with Thomas to note that her remark spoke to the ugly history of colonialism , racism , usurpation and denial that are at the heart of the question of Palestine .
Part of that history involves vicious European anti-Semitism and the monumental crime of the Holocaust .
But the other part is that Palestinians were forcibly removed from their homeland in 1948 to clear space for the creation of a state with a Jewish identity .
Europeans and Americans were , at the time , willing to ignore or simply dismiss the injustice inflicted on the Palestinians , who , by being forced from their land , were made to pay the price for a crime they did not commit .
But this callous carelessness , this dismissal of — and refusal even to acknowledge in human terms — the calamity that befell the Palestinians , and of course the attendant refusal to acknowledge their fundamental rights , did not end in the 1940s .
It continues to this very day .
Mainstream politicians , civic leaders , university presidents and others in this country routinely express their support for Israel as a Jewish state , despite the fact that such a state only could have been created in a multicultural land by ethnically cleansing it of as many non-Jews as possible .
Today , Israel is only able to maintain its Jewish identity because it has established an apartheid regime , both in the occupied territories and within its own borders , and because it continues to reject the Palestinian right of return .
Where is the outrage about that ?
Where was the outrage in 1983 when Israeli Gen .
Rafael Eitan looked forward to the day that Jews had fully settled the land , because then “ all the Arabs will be able to do about it is scurry around like drugged cockroaches in a bottle ” ?
Or when Alan Dershowitz suggested in 2002 that Israel summarily empty and then bulldoze an entire Palestinian village as a punitive measure each time it was attacked ?
Or when New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman claimed in 2006 to have discovered a “ pathology ” that caused some Arabs to “ hate others more than they love their own kids ” ?
Or when Avigdor Lieberman ( who now serves as Israel ’s foreign minister ) said in 2004 that Palestinian citizens of Israel should “ take their bundles and get lost ” ?
Or when Israeli professor Arnon Sofer , one of the country ’s leading demographic alarmists , said that to preserve the Jewish state , Israel should pull out of Gaza , though that would require Israel to remain at the border and “ kill , and kill , and kill , all day , every day ” ?
An endless deluge of statements of support for the actual , calculated , methodical dehumanization of Arabs in general and Palestinians in particular goes without comment ; whereas a single offhand comment by an 89 - year - old journalist , whose long and distinguished record of principled commitment and challenges to state power entitles her to respect — and the benefit of the doubt — causes her to be publicly pilloried .
To accept this appalling hypocrisy is to be complicit in the racism of our age .
Saree Makdisi is a professor of English and comparative literature at UCLA .
He is the author of , among other books , “ Palestine Inside Out : An Everyday Occupation . ”
( CNN ) -- Tensions remained high in Kyrgyzstan early Sunday after two days of ethnic clashes left dozens of people dead and more than 1,000 others injured since fighting broke out Thursday night , state media reported .
Kyrgyzstan 's interim government on Saturday worked to quell the upsurge of violence , imposing states of emergency in Osh , where fighting between ethnic Uzbek and Kyrgyz youths led to mass rioting , and in the city of Jalal - Abad in order to keep the unrest from spreading there , it said .
But the measures seemed to be doing little to calm the situation Sunday .
Kyrgyz news agency 24.kg reported that as many as 5,000 youths were gathering in the center of Jalal - Abad early Sunday , demanding transportation to Osh .
The news agency reported that the situation in the city " is very strained " with police patrolling the streets and special forces standing guard .
Kyrgyzstan is a country of 5.2 million people and strategically important in the region for gas lines .
It is also the home to a Russian and U.S. military bases .
Official Russian TV network Russia Today reported that the interim government has given police permission to shoot to kill rioters on the streets .
Members of the Collective Security Treaty Organization ( CSTO ) -- comprised of Kyrgyzstan , Russia , Armenia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan officials -- are set to meet Monday to discuss the crisis , official Russian news agency RIA - Novosti reported .
The Kyrgyz news agency , citing health ministry officials , reported 77 dead in the latest unrest -- 71 killed in Osh and 6 in Jalal - Abad .
Amateur video obtained by CNN appears to show dozens of bloodied bodies lined up along a street in Osh as bystanders rush to cover them .
The corpses all appear to be men , one appears to be charred .
Witnesses said the toll is more likely to be in the thousands .
The violence led Uzbekistan to close its border with Kyrgyzstan , according to the deputy chairman of the Kyrgyz border service , 24.kg reported .
But Russia Today reported that the border remained open for fleeing refugees and RIA - Novosti reported that more than 700 people crossed into Uzbekistan on Saturday .
Extra army and police units were dispatched and a 6 p.m. - to - 6 a.m. curfew has been imposed in several districts of southern Kyrgyzstan until June 20 , the government said .
The Kyrgyz interim leader , Roza Otunbayeva , has asked for Russian peacekeepers to help end the unrest , the result of interethnic tensions that have been brewing for weeks .
The 24.kg agency reported that the provisional government of Kyrgyzstan " at an emergency meeting decided to declare a partial mobilization . "
Otunbayeva , in quotes passed along by the interim government spokesman , said Saturday that the situation has gotten " out of control " and " we need outside military forces to solve the situation . "
But President Dmitry Medvedev 's spokeswoman said humanitarian aid and not troops are being rushed to the area at present , the Kremlin said .
" This is an internal conflict and Russia does not yet see the conditions for its participating in resolving it , " spokeswoman Natalya Timakhova was quoted as saying by the Kremlin press service .
Timakhova said the president intends to evacuate the injured .
A Russian cargo plane carrying six injured Kyrgyz citizens landed in Moscow on Sunday , according to RIA - Novosti .
The plane arrived in Bishkek on Saturday to deliver humanitarian aid , the news agency reported , adding that food and medical supply shortages are becoming an issue .
Otunbayeva on Saturday discussed the unrest in a phone call with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , and Moscow police have reinforced the security near the Kyrgyz and Uzbek embassies .
Rioters have set fire to a number of businesses and government buildings in Osh , and there was looting and widespread vandalism , Kyrgyz officials said .
The nation 's top health official , Dinara Sagynbayeva , said on Friday about " half of those killed and injured have bullet wounds and the other half have injuries apparently made by some hard objects such as clubs , metal rods and rocks " in Osh , the country 's second - largest city .
The United States is monitoring developments and is calling for a " rapid restoration of peace and public order in the city of Osh and elsewhere where it appears ethnic violence is occurring , " according to a statement released Saturday by the State Department .
" The United States encourages American citizens in the Kyrgyz Republic to be in contact with the U.S. Embassy and be aware of the Embassy 's warden messages to ensure their safety in these turbulent times , " the statement said .
CNN 's Eve Bower contributed to this report
Prelude
Back in January , a local Boulder company had a special promotion to give away $ 100,000 in electronics goodies .
Naturally , a lot of people caught wind of this and it was the incentive I needed to take a look at electronics and physical computing .
While I did n’t receive any free goodies , I did place an order for a number of parts and components anyways and drove up to their office and picked up my order one day during lunch .
The key component I ordered from them was an Arduino Starter Kit ( DEV - 09284 ) .
The Arduino ( specifically the Duemilanove ) is a simple piece of hardware built around the ATMega328 microcontroller that ’s easy to program over USB using a free IDE from the Arduino website .
After playing around with the components and learning a bit about electronics , I began to think more critically about what I ’d like to make .
In addition to the starter kit , I also got a 20×4 LCD ( LCD - 00256 ) and a piece of hardware that attaches on top of the Arduino allowing for network connectivity called an Ethernet Shield ( DEV - 09026 ) .
From these components I began to picture a little box with a simple text display , a series of buttons , maybe a LED to show status and an Ethernet connection that I began to call a( rdunio ) Box .
In a nutshell : have a piece of hardware that is able to exchange messages with a server and display the output of these messages to the LCD .
Interacting with the buttons would change which messages were sent to the server .
Part of the message exchange would involve getting a configuration of which messages the device can send to the server .
Given the device , it made sense that it would be fun to have a web interface to setup configurations and different views that could be displayed on the device and data providers that operate behind the views .
Which , of course , hints to the fact that there would need to be a database behind the web interface that the server component of this design would talk to as well .
Below is a diagram of the general architecture of the project .
In terms of technology decisions , the client side is comprised of C and libraries provided by the Arduino platform - pretty standard embedded environment .
The aBox and HTTP Server is written in C# using the .NET framework running as a multithreaded process .
The .NET stack is fantastic and makes it easy to get things done quickly .
The Web Interface is straightforward XHTML , CSS , XSL and JavaScript .
No libraries were used on the client - side as I wanted to learn JavaScript a little better .
Finally , the server points to a MySQL Community Server edition database .
The aBox Client - Server protocol is a simple TCP ( most easily accessible protocol in the Arduino Ethernet library ) message exchange that is somewhat RESTful .
The exchange between the Web Interface and HTTP Server is a clean cut AJAX exchange following RESTful principles .
Server - Database communication is the de facto TCP exchange .
In terms of deployment , the aBox and HTTP Server resides on a Windows XP laptop .
The database on an Ubuntu 8.04 virtual machine running inside VirtualBox on the XP machine .
I went with Ubuntu rather than XP for the database as MySQL is easier to manage under that environment .
The aBox Client lives on the Arduino hardware .
All of these are on the same Ethernet network .
Client
The Arduino environment comes with a suite of really great tools that work effortlessly out of the box .
Fritzing is one of those tools ; it is a simple diagramming tool that comes with a preloaded set of widgets that can be arranged as though you had the breadboard in front of you .
Given the functionality that I wanted I knew that I needed a handful of discrete components : at least one button to switch between views , a potentiometer to control the contrast of the LCD , a LED as a status indicator and for future purposes , a thermistor .
In addition to these parts , I needed two 330Ω resistors to limit the current going into the button and LED and a 10 kΩ resistor so that I can get accurate results out of the thermistor .
The diagram at right is the initial setup I came up with in prototyping .
The Ethernet Shield uses up pins 10 - 13 of the Arduino board .
The LCD requires 4 pins for pushing data and an additional two for control .
These are pins 2 - 7 .
Finally , a pin for receiving a digital input from a button and one for controlling a single LED used by pins 8 - 9 .
While the breadboard approach makes for easy assembly and rearranging of components , it ’s a pain to continuously take it apart and put it back together .
So , I decided to put together a soldered board of the components that were on the bread board .
The Bill of Materials is the following :
Item SFE Part # Unit Price Units Ext. Amt. Basic LED – Green COM - 08532 $ 0.35 1 $ 0.35 Break Away Female Headers PRT -00115 $ 1.50 8/40 $ 0.30 Momentary Push Button Switch – 12 mm Square COM - 09190 $ 0.50 1 $ 0.50 ProtoBoard – Square 1 ″ Single Sided PRT - 08808 $ 1.50 1/2 $ 0.75 Resistor 10 k Ohm 1/6th Watt PTH COM - 08374 $ 0.25 1 $ 0.25 Resistor 330 Ohm 1/6th Watt PTH COM - 08377 $ 0.25 2 $ 0.50 Thermistor 10 K SEN - 00250 $ 1.95 1 $ 1.95 Trimpot 100K COM - 08647 $ 0.95 1 $ 0.95 $ 5.20
Given these materials , I set out with the above board layout .
Layout of the board was done using a greedy algorithm .
I started by first placing the button and associated resistor using as little space as possible - sat back and compared it to my breadboard to make sure my logic was sound .
Once I was convinced , I repeated this process by placing the potentiometer , LED and the thermistor down on the board until I ran out of space .
Designing the board and actually soldering the board turned into a rather interesting set of lessons .
Applying the right amount of heat , making sure that parts were added in the right order and making sure that the polarity and orientation of the components was correct going onto the board required constant , conscious effort .
The board was completed after a couple nights with a handful of little modifications .
Notably , reducing the dual seeding of components and minimizing wiring distance between components beneath the board .
In terms of writing the code that would be placed on the Ardunio , I spent some time writing a handful of modules : dealing with dynamic array and C styled strings , interfacing with the button , LCD , LED , Ethernet Shield , logging , configuration , message exchange , handling and parsing , and of course the application itself .
A lot of time was spent debugging memory allocation and deallocation issues , working on timing and response issues and making sure that final product was able to fit into the allotted 30 k of memory .
Database
Before I jump into the Server and Web Interface , I want to run down the basic data model that is used .
At a high level , there are devices , views and providers .
A device is a collection of views , a view is an instance of a provider with supporting arguments and a provider is an interface provided by the Server that can be setup with parameters .
The entity relationship model for all of these items is summarized below :
To give some concrete examples of the above consider a provider that ’s an interface into the Netflix Service that retrieves specific information based on the provider parameter - say the contents of a queue or the status of what movies are in the mail .
A view is then created on top of this provider to specify a concrete realization of the provider - we might have one view called “ Netflix Queue ” and one called “ Netflix In Mail ” that can then be added to a device .
The device is what is sent down to a specific Client .
Right now , the first device found is what is sent down to the hardware , but in the future it would be ideal for a Client to have a configurable identifier ( say a DIP Switch – 8 Position ( COM - 08034 ) ) that would specify which device to get from the Server .
Alternatively , an additional button that would cycle between devices similarly to how the view cycle button works .
Server
Getting the server put together took the least amount of time in comparison to the Client and Web Interface as there were n’t any unknowns to research .
Both the aBox and HTTP server have listener threads in place that then delegate requests to queues to make sure the listeners receive requests in a timely manner .
Each queue then looks at the request and attempts to find the appropriate handler to produce a response .
If no handler is found , then ( in the event of the HTTP server ) the contents of the requested file are returned .
If all else fails , the server returns an error message in the appropriate protocol .
The aBox portion sets up a TCP socket to pick up requests coming to port 8888 , the HTTP portion utilizes the .NET class HttpListener under System .
Net that picks up standard TCP port 80 traffic .
I decided against implementing the the HTTP part as a TCP socket because the value from doing so did n’t justify the time to implement the protocol .
Alternatives to HttpListener include ISAPI on IIS , mod_aspnet on Apache http and WCF AJAX Services on IIS .
Each one has it ’s pros and cons ; ultimately , I choose HTTPListener as it reduces the complexity of the system at the end of the day and exhibited the fastest conception to completion .
The aBox exchange is a simple name - value list that first describes the verb and noun , followed by any supporting data .
As an example , when the Client starts up , it will send Get : Configuration , and the server will query the database views table and send something like Post : Configuration | Time :0 | Weather : 1|News:0 which the Client will put in memory and default to sending Get : Weather until the End User pushes a button and the view selection increments to News and results in Get : News being sent .
The HTTP exchange is very typical , standard HTTP Request that comes in and an appropriate handler is picked based on the URL and Content represented in the request ; the handler accepts the request and produces a response .
The response will be an asset that exists on the Server , e.g. , a CSS file ; or the Server will return an XML document and function as a RESTful Web Service .
This is preferential to the SOAP Web Service approach as it greatly reduces the design - by - committee XML boilerplate that is commonly associated with SOAP ( not to mention that it is an order magnitude easier to work with in JavaScript ) .
The Web Interface is then responsible for performing something with that data .
The Server strictly yields data back to the client and does not generate any XHTML for the client to consume .
The usual REST verbs are allowed where HTTP Get , Put , Post and Delete map to corresponding handler functions Get , Add , Update and Remove .
In addition to the main threads for dealing with requests , there is an additional thread that periodically runs data providers .
As an example , a view that uses a RSS provider for a weather site will run at a specified period , requesting data from the specified web site and store the resulting data in the database that will be acquired by the aBox or HTTP threads to be shipped down to the client .
The reason these are decoupled is that we do not want to go and query potentially expensive or metered resources every time a request comes in .
This way , if the Server is ever used by multiple devices , a corresponding third party web service is n’t issued multiple requests a second , instead it will issue a handful of requests a minute or hour instead .
Web Interface
Dealing with the Web Interface took almost as long as the Client to implement , but the majority of the time spent was learning JavaScript and XSL to make sure that the Client ended up being the fat - client that I had in mind .
The basic approach was to use HttpXMLRequest to issue HTTP Requests to the Server and then apply XSL files against the resulting XML response using the XSLTProcessor to produce XHTML fragments .
I like this approach as it keeps the logic squarely in the JavaScript , the look and feel of data in the XSL and CSS and the data as XML .
I found that once I had gotten a grasp on the nuances of JavaScript that I was able to implement the main page and make minor modifications with each additional page resulting in a large time investment up - front , but a low time commitment to bring on additional pages .
When I produce a website , I typically jump into Photoshop and start producing some mock pages of what I want the site to look like and start formulating how it will all work in terms of End User actions as well as polishing the front - end with user experience elements .
I decided to go with a simple tabbed header menu and tabbed menu that produces a central details and appendages regions .
Details are things like that entity name and description , appendages are things like the views that are associated with a specific device .
The following is a sample of the devices tab :
I found it easiest to organize my assets by elements of the page ( tab , menu , details , appendages ) rather than by the main tab ( devices , views , providers ) as it allowed for an easier generalization of these regions as it applied to each of the tabs rather than trying to repeat most of the same code along each of the tabs .
This process applied to the CSS , JS and XLS files .
There was a single XHTML index page that then routes all of the options back through the document ; this probably is n’t the preferred way to do things from an exchange standpoint , however , this is a single front end that wo n’t likely ever need to have its URLs sent around to go find a specific item .
learning JavaScript was an interesting experience as it reminded me a lot of writing the client code for the Arduino .
Very procedural , quasi ability to fake traditional OO design , but overall , much more of an exercise in keeping everything ordered and organized .
Wrap-up
This has been a rather involved project over the course of the past two months working 2 - 3 hours during the week and usually a Sunday afternoon to produce the hardware , implement the code for the Client , Server and Web Interface and debug it all , as well as produce this write - up .
It ’s been exciting to get into hardware and spend some time getting a feel for the minutiae of electronics and microcontrollers .
Spending time getting a better feel for some of the AJAX approach ( especially for a guy coming from a ASP.
NET / PHP background ) has been very eye opening and enjoyable .
I ’m looking forward to spending some time in the future to revisit the hardware and think about how I would add additional functionality from a data acquisition stand point ( sensor data ) and end user experience stand point ( more buttons , LEDS , using ICs and so on ) .
Finally , once all the hardware is squared away , to actually sit down and produce an enclosure for it all so that I can keep the device running all the time .
Taking my usual approach with designing Web Sites to designing an enclosure , I spent some time in Photoshop and produced the very basic design of where this could head .
It ’s been a pleasure to blog this week .
I hope you ’ve enjoyed this conversation and I ’d love to continue it .
If you ’re interested in reading more , check out our book , Wild West 2.0 .
It is the most - discussed Internet policy book of 2010 ( Jimmy Wales called it “ an invaluable guide ” to the “ brave new world of the Internet ” ) and it sold out Amazon.com once already .
Or , contact me directly through my site at davidcthompson.com .
Thanks again to Eugene and the whole Volokh Conspiracy for inviting me to participate this week .
This week , we ’ve discussed the “ Wild West 2.0 ” metaphor for the Internet .
Today , I ’m going to present a few quick ideas that did n’t make it into this week ’s posts .
I do n’t have enough space to flesh them all out , but I hope to provoke some thoughts and discussions that will continue beyond this week .
What will widespread surveillance and facial recognition do to privacy ?
It ’s always been the law in the U.S. that images you take in public are yours to use non-commercially .
There are a few exceptions around security , peeping Toms , and so - called “ upskirt ” photography , but basically you can take a photo from any public place and make any non-commercial use of it .
There are good reasons for this policy , ranging from a basic respect for the free press and free expression , to the First Amendment .
But , today , facial recognition is quickly becoming available on a wide scale .
For just one example , an application called Face.com allows Facebook users to use photo recognition to find their friends in photos ( even if they have not been tagged , or if they have removed their tag ) .
Using the tool , it ’s often possible to find hundreds of untagged photos of your friends ( or yourself ) posted by other people .
The Face.com developers just released an API ( programming interface ) to allow other websites to use the same technology .
So far , Face.com has restricted use of the technology to known faces , but nothing technological prevents them from using their database of hundreds of millions of Facebook photos to identify millions of people in public photos .
The results of just one company unleashing photo recognition on the Internet could be huge .
There are more than 3 billion photos on the site Flickr.com , and billions more in the unstructured Web , on sites like Facebook , and in automated surveillance systems ( every time you walk past a security camera , imagine your name being logged ) .
The figures above do n’t even count the fact that some forms of advocacy corporate surveillance would increase in a world with easy facial recognition .
Why would anti-abortion groups not photograph every person who walks into an abortion clinic , use facial recognition to identify them , and use public name - and - address databases ( see below ) to target mailings ( or harassment ) to each person ’s home ?
Why would anti-gay advocates not do the same for people who frequent gay bars , or liberals target “ Tea Party ” activists , or statists target libertarians , etc ?
Or insurance companies outside bars to monitor drinking and driving , smoking , or any other risk factor that could increase rates ?
What does this mean for privacy ?
If the freedom to take and post photos cannot or should not be changed , should there be regulation of the uses of facial recognition software ?
Should it be a privacy tort to publicly identify private citizens by name if they are walking into an abortion clinic , a gay bar , a Tea Party rally , a divorce lawyer ’s office , a police station ( to “ snitch ” ) , or a substance abuse treatment facility ?
What does it mean when Google indexes a list of these names and it comes up first for a search for your name ?
How will it affect job prospects , inter- personal relations , and more ?
Will we all just get over it and not care that our friends are getting abortions or divorces ?
Will anti-gay groups get over the fact that some people visit gay bars ?
Will political opponents stop harassing each other ?
I hope so , but my hopes are dim .
The end result might be that we all wear low - fitting baseball caps each day , or the aptly - named “ FlickrBlockrs ” sunglasses that started as an art project but might fill a real need .
But should individuals have to proactively monitor their public image so fiercely ?
( Read more about our ideas for privacy in the book , Wild West 2.0 . )
Will the future allow a binary public / private distinction ?
Right now , the law generally recognizes facts as “ public ” or “ private ” with very little gray area in between .
This has caused problems in the Fourth Amendment context , where seemingly - private facts ( like your bank account information ) are not considered “ private ” for Fourth Amendment purposes ( thanks to the “ third party doctrine , ” the government simply ask your bank ; many scholars find this doctrine problematic ) .
The Internet sharpened this problem by making “ public - but - obscure ” facts readily available online .
Privacy interests were often supported by practical obscurity ; a court may have a list of all cases and convictions , but very few people bothered to trudge to the courthouse to find out .
The county clerk ’s office may have a hardcopy list of home owners and their property values , but nobody actually checks .
But online , these records are being rapidly digitized and made searchable .
And because they are all “ public ” information for privacy purposes , there is currently no restriction on how the information can be displayed .
So far , no case of which I am aware has held that online “ white pages ” or “ dossier ” sites ( like Spokeo.com , WhitePages.com , Intelius.com , and many others ) cannot create a dossier of private - seeming information like your income , hobbies , credit score , home address , phone number , political contributions , and more — just so long as each data point was drawn from a “ public ” source .
The result of the end of practical obscurity has turned a lot of privacy upside - down .
Criminals now routinely use public records databases for identity theft purposes ( itself illegal , but hard to catch ) , to stalk their victims at home ( same ) , and to identify candidates for burglary or other attacks .
Millions of people ( below ) now casually flip through their neighbors ’ dirty laundry online , ranging from bankruptcy filings to property records to divorce records .
Maybe this information has always been “ public , ” but it was never so readily available .
Will the law continue to recognize only “ public ” and “ private ” information ?
Or will it develop shades of gray to recognize that obscurity can protect privacy while allowing “ legitimate ” uses .
Scholars have discussed ways to limit data like property records to their original purpose ( making sure property taxes are apportioned fairly ) by encouraging states to strip names from the data before publication ; of course , this works only if there are no other records that correlate names to addresses .
Will that be enough ?
Or is it a good thing that all these facts are public ?
Does the Law Recognize the 300 Million Little Brothers Problem ?
The section above should suggest it , but her it is expressly : we no longer live in a nation of Big Brother ; we live in a nation of 300 million Little Brothers .
Much of our law is based around fear of surveillance by the government ( Big Brother ) .
The Fourth Amendment is the easiest example ; it is based around a fear of an overly intrusive government acting in its role as sovereign .
Statutory law like the Electronic Communications Privacy
Act also seeks to protect individual privacy against the government .
And laws like the Stored Communications Act and HIPPA prohibit corporations from revealing certain information about you .
But now an equally real risk is 300 million Little Brothers .
We ’ve moved from the Panopticon — where the guards can see everything — to a suburb of glass houses where everyone can see each other .
This is a powerful development for politics ( we can now watch the watchers ) , but it has changed inter-personal privacy as well .
What laws ( if any ) should be updated to reflect this new reality ?
Or should we all just get used to living in public–to quote Google CEO Eric Schmidt “ If you have something that you do n’t want anyone to know , maybe you should n’t be doing it in the first place . ”
The power of the Internet is increasingly moving toward making sure that everybody knows what everybody does .
Is this the right direction ?
David Thompson is co-author of the leading Internet policy book of 2010 , Wild West 2.0 ( Amazon ) and general counsel of ReputationDefender , Inc. .
The standard disclaimer applies : the views represented here are his alone and not those of any current or former employer .
Trail Blazers general manager Kevin Pritchard has been fired by owner Paul Allen , less than an hour before the 2010 NBA Draft was set to begin .
A source close to Pritchard said Allen informed the popular general manager that Thursday would be his last day of work , which will include conducting the Blazers draft .
Pritchard is under contract through the 2010 - 2011 season .
It is unknown why Pritchard has fallen out of favor with Allen , but Thursday 's decision was predicted in March by Pritchard 's agent , Warren LeGarie , after Pritchard 's right hand man , Tom Penn was fired .
Formerly the Watson 's bathroom , now an enchanted portal to the gleaming white sand beaches of Bora - Bora .
WOODMERE , OH — - A wicker basket filled with seashells and placed on top of a toilet tank has magically transformed Dale and Paula Watson 's suburban bathroom into a serene tropical oasis , sources reported Thursday .
Advertisement
" I can't believe the difference adding those seashells made , " said Paula Watson , who had somehow been transported from a beige , run -of - the - mill bathroom to an unforgettable island paradise thousands of miles from the Greater Cleveland area .
" Every time I walk in here now it 's like , ' Wow , where am I ? Cancún ? ' "
According to household sources , the extraordinary transformation took place at approximately 10:32 a.m. , when Watson neatly arranged a handful of seashells inside a round wicker container and looked up to suddenly find herself at a beachside resort where all the troubles of modern life just melted away .
Advertisement
The magical seashells , which are able to conjure up the cool , tropical breeze of a seaside cabana , were personally gathered by the couple during a recent trip to Myrtle Beach .
" It 's like our own little island getaway right at home , " said Dale Watson , who stood as if surrounded by palm trees and soft white sand beaches in the spot where there had only been a shower mat and curtain before .
" I feel like I should be eating grilled mahimahi right now . "
Advertisement
" This is the way life should be , " Watson added .
" Time just slows down in here . "
Eyewitnesses agreed that by merely gazing upon the seashell centerpiece , one is whisked away to an enchanted garden , lush with exotic flowers , fluttering hummingbirds , and shirtless natives whose brown skin glistens with sweat as they present trays stacked high with pineapple , mango , and tender cuts of pork .
Advertisement
Guests of the Watson home have confirmed that visiting the tropical utopia , which is lo≠cated at the end of the hallway , second door on the left , light switch above the sink , is a breathtaking experience they will never forget .
Grandmother Ilene Watson , 77 , said she could spend the rest of her life in the carefree bathroom environment without complaint .
Advertisement
" It 's so exotic , " the mesmerized septuagenarian said .
" Just like when Harold and I used to go traveling after the war . "
Although delighted with the transformation , Paula Watson said she had plans to improve the 80 square feet of island paradise by adorning the blissful space with vanilla - scented coconut candles , a ceramic clown - fish figurine , and sand - dollar shaped soaps .
Advertisement
" I love our secluded little vacation destination , but we can always spruce it up a little , " Watson said .
" It would be neat to get a large glass container and fill it with beach sand , a piece of coral , and more seashells . "
" It 's like bringing the Pacific Ocean to us ! " she added .
Watson also admitted she 's had her eye on a nautical - themed light - switch - plate cover featuring a seahorse , which would further transform the tropical hideaway into the magnificent kingdom of Atlantis , a stunning underwater realm where dolphins and mermaids dance and play .
Advertisement
This is not the first time that Watson 's home has undergone such an incredible metamorphosis .
In 2004 , a framed painting of two deer instantly turned the family den into a rustic hunting lodge , while in 2005 , the corner of the living room became an old English cottage after a porcelain tea set and a vase with dried flowers were added to an end table .
At press time , the tranquility of the secluded tropical getaway had been shattered when Paula Watson walked in on their 16 - year - old son , Christopher , masturbating to an old issue of Good Housekeeping .
( CNN ) --
This week 's shooting death and subsequent dragging of a black man in South Carolina are being investigated as a possible hate crime , the Newberry County Sheriff 's Office said Friday .
Sheriff Lee Foster said the body of 30 - year - old Anthony Hill was found early Wednesday on a road near an elementary school in the town of Pomaria , 35 miles west - northwest of Columbia .
Hill had a single gun shot wound to the head , his body was nearly nude and a rope was around his neck and upper torso , Foster said .
Foster said Hill 's body -- which carried no identification -- was found around 4:30 a.m. Wednesday by a motorist , who called 911 .
Officers followed a trail of blood and human tissue nine miles to the trailer park where Hill 's co-worker Gregory Collins lives , surrounded his trailer for nearly four hours and finally resorted to tear gas , Foster said .
" He came outside and gave himself up , " Foster added .
Collins , 19 , who is white , is charged with murder .
Both men worked in Newberry at the Louis Rich turkey processing plant , said Foster .
" They did know each other ; they worked in the same industry , on the same shift but different divisions , " said Foster .
" Neighbors told us the two spent most of the day together Tuesday .
They were seen on a porch drinking together . "
Hill , an Army veteran who lived in the neighboring county of Fairfield , was estranged from his wife and had two children , Foster said .
Investigators have not concluded that the killing is a hate crime , but are looking at it as one , according to Foster .
" We called the FBI out of an abundance of caution , " he said .
" We have no motive whatsoever as to why these two gentlemen would have been together , then one shoots the other in the head and drags him down the road .
It 's a horrific act of violence . "
Collins , who is being held in the Newberry County Detention Center , has been assigned a public defender .
Funeral arrangements are pending .
A blogTO reader sent us this photo of his G20 security pass the other day , which reveals that world leaders congregating in Toronto have every reason to fear for their safety .
There are grave problems with the security credentials that have been issued to residents within the safety zone .
Problems that may see impostors from " Ontairo " freely enter the protected area .
Well , not really .
But somebody 's been a bit sloppy .
In light of the massive sum allocated to protect the delegates and fortify the downtown core ( not to mention the fake lake fiasco ) , you 'd expect that organizers would be able to spell Ontar io .
Or , might it be that the budget has gotten so out of hand that typos like this are left to stand ?
Either way , the hallmark of any successful security effort is attention to detail .
And on that account , this little mistake is anything but an auspicious sign .
Thanks to eb17 for the tip .
Dianne Drew Butler & Associates , Inc. has focused exclusively on family law for more than 30 years .
We address all issues arising out of divorce , including child custody and visitation , the division of marital assets and debts , child support and spousal support .
Our firm has the knowledge , skill and experience to handle all divorce cases from small assets to complex , high asset cases .
In addition to divorce representation , we also address the full range of family law matters , including domestic violence , paternity , issues involving same sex couples and other concerns .
Hackers have broken into the payment processing system of Destination Hotels & Resorts , a high - end chain best known for its resort hotels in destinations such as Vail , Colorado ; Lake Tahoe , California ; and Maui , Hawaii .
Guests who recently stayed at 21 of the resort 's 30 hotels may have been victimized by the scheme , which appears to have compromised point - of - sale systems .
The company refused to release many details of the incident -- citing an ongoing investigation by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation -- but in a note posted to its
Web site said that it had " uncovered a malicious software program inserted into its credit card processing system from a remote source . "
Destination Hotels is in the process of notifying victims but will not say how many people have had their credit card numbers stolen , a company spokeswoman said .
However , the attackers appear to have hit only point - of - sale processing systems , where credit cards are swiped for purchases .
Personal information such as guests ' home addresses was not compromised , the company said .
The Driskill Hotel in Austin , Texas , was one of the properties that was hacked .
There , local police are trying to identify how many local victims were affected , and they have identified as many as 700 nationwide , said the Austin American Statesman , which first reported the breach last week .
Point - of - sale systems have been under attack from hackers over the past few years .
In 2008 , hackers stole tens of thousands of credit card numbers from guests who stayed at the Wyndham hotel chain .
Wyndham was then hacked again in late 2009 .
Often the criminals use the same tactics over and over again .
They probe networks for point - of - sale systems that connect to the Internet and then either exploit known bugs in the system software or guess the passwords used to remotely administer the machines .
Once they discover how to break into one hotel , they often repeat the attack , stealing credit card numbers from as many locations as possible .
Robert McMillan covers computer security and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service .
Follow Robert on Twitter at @bobmcmillan .
Robert 's e-mail address is robert_mcmillan@idg.com
3D - TV health warning : Tuning in can cause confusion , nausea and even fits , says electronics giant
The world 's biggest electronics company has issued an extraordinary health warning about the dangers of watching 3D television .
Pregnant women , the elderly , children and those suffering from serious medical conditions are among a wide range of people said to be at risk .
The alert extends to those who have been sleep deprived or drinking .
It highlights alarming side effects such as confusion , nausea , convulsions , altered vision , light - headedness , dizziness , and involuntary movements such as eye or muscle twitching and cramps .
The world 's biggest electronics company has issued an extraordinary health warning about the dangers of watching 3D television
Samsung says there are also concerns that those with epilepsy could be at risk of fits - as they are from strobe lighting and photographers ' flashes on normal television .
Watching 3D on TV , which involves wearing special glasses like those used for 3D movies , bombards the eyes and brain with a succession of flashing images that appear for a fraction of a second .
It is a new way of seeing things and so puts unusual strain on the body .
The warning has been posted on a Samsung website and appears designed to protect the manufacturer from any legal claims for compensation if people fall ill .
However , the language could seriously damage the launch of 3D , which is being pushed heavily by manufacturers and broadcasters as a breakthrough .
One internet blogger wrote : ' I 'm happy . . . this will kill 3D - TV . '
However , one cynic responded saying : ' I wonder if I should put a patch on one eye so I do n't see anything 3D . '
Samsung 's 3D sets are going into stores in the next few days with a starting price around £ 1,300 , while Sony 's TVs will go on sale in June .
Other manufacturers say they have studied the health effects of 3D viewing and have decided it is safe to go ahead .
Sky is currently promoting its 3D coverage of premier league football in pubs .
The technology is being driven by a raft of 3D blockbuster films such as Avatar and Alice in Wonderland .
Samsung , based in South Korea , has been the biggest - selling technology brand in the world since 2005 .
A spokesman said the warning had been issued because ' watching 3D - TV is an entirely new experience - for people ' and there are concerns that it is so exciting and immersible .
Feeling dizzy after watching the set , for instance , would be particularly harmful if it happened to pregnant women or the elderly .
One part of the warning reads : ' Viewing in 3D may cause disorientation for some viewers .
Accordingly , DO NOT place your TV television near open stairwells , cables , balconies , or other objects that can be tripped over , run into , knocked down , broken or fallen over . '
Another part says : ' Viewing 3D television may also cause motion sickness , perceptual after effects , disorientation , eye strain and decreased postural stability . '
And it advises those with epilepsy , or a family history of epilepsy and strokes , to take medical advice before watching .
However , the spokesman said the company is reviewing the language used in the warning on the basis it may cause ' unintended alarm ' .
A spokesman for Sony said the company had commissioned independent research into the technology and had found no health risks .
Igvita.com has recently published the article Rails Performance Needs an Overhaul .
Rails performance … no , Ruby performance … no Rails scalability … well something is being criticized here .
From my experience , talking about scalability and performance can be a bit confusing because the terms can mean different things to different people and / or in different situations , yet the meanings are used interchangeably all the time .
In this post I will take a closer look at Igvita ’s article .
Performance vs scalability
Let us first define performance and scalability .
I define performance as throughput ; number of requests per second .
I define scalability as the amount of users a system can concurrently handle .
There is a correlation between performance and scalability .
Higher performance means each request takes less time , and so is more scalable , right ?
Sometimes yes , but not necessarily .
It is entirely possible for a system to be scalable , yet manages to have a lower throughput than a system that ’s not as scalable , or for a system to be uber - fast yet not very scalable .
Throughout this blog post I will show several examples that highlight the difference .
“ Scalability ” is an extremely loaded word and people often confuse it with “ being able to handle tons and tons of traffic ” .
Let ’s use a different term that better reflects what Igvita ’s actually criticizing : concurrency .
Igvita claims that concurrency in Ruby is pathetic while referring to database drivers , Ruby application servers , etc .
Some practical examples that demonstrate what he means are as follows .
Limited concurrency at the app server level
Mongrel , Phusion Passenger and Unicorn all use a “ traditional ” multi-process model in which multiple Ruby processes are spawned , each process handling a single request per second .
Thus , concurrency is ( assuming that the load balancer has infinite concurrency ) limited by the number of Ruby processes : having 5 processes allow you to handle 5 users concurrently .
Threaded servers , where the server spawns multiple threads , each handling 1 connection concurrently , allow more concurrency because because it ’s possible to spawn a whole lot more threads than processes .
In the context of Ruby , each Ruby process needs to load its own copy of the application code and other resources , so memory increases very quickly as you spawn additional processes .
Phusion Passenger with Ruby Enterprise Edition solves this problem somewhat by using copy - on - write optimizations which save memory , so you can spawn a bit more processes , but not significantly ( as in 10 x ) more .
In contrast , a multi - threaded app server does not need as much memory because all threads share application code with each other so you can comfortably spawn tens or hundreds of threads .
At least , this is the theory .
I will later explain why this does not necessarily hold for Ruby .
When it comes to performance however , there ’s no difference between processes and threads .
If you compare a well - written multi - threaded app server with 5 threads to a well - written multi-process app server with 5 processes , you wo n’t find either being more performant than the other .
Context switch overhead between processes and threads are roughly the same .
Each process can use a different CPU core , as can each thread , so there ’s no difference in multi-core utilization either .
This reflects back on the difference between scalability / concurrency and performance .
Multi-process
Rails app servers have a concurrency level that can be counted with a single hand , or if you have very beefy hardware , a concurrency level in the range of a couple of tens , thanks to the fact that Rails needs about 25 MB per process .
Multi - threaded Rails app servers can in theory spawn a couple of hundred of threads .
After that it ’s also game over : an operating system thread needs a couple MB of stack space , so after a couple hundreds of threads you ’ll run out of virtual memory address on 32 - bit systems even if you do n’t actually use that much memory .
There is another class of servers , the evented ones .
These servers are actually single - threaded , but they use a reactor style I/O dispatch architecture for handling I/O concurrency .
Examples include Node.js , Thin ( built on EventMachine ) and Tornado .
These servers can easily have a concurrency level of a couple of thousand .
But due to their single - threaded nature they cannot effectively utilize multiple CPU cores , so you need to run a couple of processes , one per CPU core , to fully utilize your CPU .
The limits of Ruby threads
Ruby 1.8 uses userspace threads , not operating system threads .
This means that Ruby 1.8 can only utilize a single CPU core no matter how many Ruby threads you create .
This is why one typically needs multiple Ruby processes to fully utilize one ’s CPU cores .
Ruby 1.9 finally uses operating system threads , but it has a global interpreter lock , which means that each time a Ruby 1.9 thread is running it will prevent other Ruby threads from running , effectively making it the same multicore - wise as 1.8 .
This is also explained in an earlier Igvita article , Concurrency is a Myth in Ruby .
On the bright side , not all is bad .
Ruby 1.8 internally uses non-blocking I/O while Ruby 1.9 unlocks the global interpreter lock while doing I/O .
So if one Ruby thread is blocked on I/O , another Ruby thread can continue execution .
Likewise , Ruby is smart enough to cause things like sleep ( ) and even waitpid ( ) to preempt to other threads .
On the dark side however , Ruby internally uses the select ( ) system call for multiplexing I /O. select ( ) can only handle 1024 file descriptors on most systems so Ruby cannot handle more than this number of sockets per Ruby process , even if you are somehow able to spawn thousands of Ruby threads .
EventMachine works around this problem by bypassing Ruby ’s I /O code completely .
Naive native extensions and third party libraries
So just run a couple of multi- threaded Ruby processes , one process per core and multiple threads per process , and all is fine and we should be able to have a concurrency level of up to a couple hundred , right ?
Well not quite , there are a number of issues hindering this approach :
Some third party libraries and Rails plugins are not thread - safe .
Some are n’t even reentrant .
For example Rails < 2.2 suffered from this problem .
The app itself might not be thread - safe .
Although Ruby is smart enough not to let I / O block all threads , the same can not be said of all native extensions .
The MySQL extension is the most infamous example : when executing queries , other threads cannot run .
Mongrel is actually multi- threaded but in practice everybody uses in multi-process mode ( mongrel_cluster ) exactly because of these problems .
It is also the reason why Phusion Passenger has also gone the multi-process route .
And even though
Thin is evented , a typical Ruby web application running on Thin cannot handle thousands of concurrent users .
This is because evented servers typically require a special evented programming style , such as the one seen in Node.js and EventMachine .
A Ruby web app that is written in an evented style running on Thin can definitely handle a large number of concurrent users .
When is limited application server concurrency actually a problem ?
Igvita is clearly disappointed at all all the issues that hinder Ruby web apps from achieving high concurrency .
For many web applications I would however argue that limited concurrency is not a problem .
Web applications that are slow , as in CPU - heavy , max out CPU resources pretty quickly so increasing concurrency wo n’t help you .
Web applications that are fast are typically quick enough at handling the load so that even large number of users wo n’t notice the limited concurrency of the server .
Having a concurrency of 5 does not mean not mean that the app server can only handle 5 requests per second ; it ’s not hard to serve hundreds of requests per second with only a couple of single - threaded processes .
The problem becomes most evident for web applications that have to wait a lot for I/O ( besides its own HTTP request / response cycle ) .
Examples include :
Apps that have to spend a lot of time waiting on the database .
Apps that perform a lot of external HTTP calls that respond slowly .
Chat apps .
These apps typically have thousands of users , most of them doing nothing most of the time , but they all require a connection ( unless your app uses polling , but that ’s a whole different discussion ) .
We at Phusion have developed a number of web applications for clients that fall in the second category , the most recent one being a Hyves gadget .
Hyves is the most popular social network in the Netherlands and they get thousands of concurrent visitors during the day .
The gadget that we ’ve developed has to query external HTTP servers very often , and these servers can take 10 seconds to respond in extreme cases .
The servers are running Phusion Passenger with maybe a couple tens of processes .
If every request to our gadget also causes us to wait 10 seconds for the external HTTP call then we ’d soon run out of concurrency .
But even suppose that our app and Phusion Passenger can have a concurrency level of a couple of thousand , all of those visitors will still have to wait 10 seconds for the external HTTP calls , which is obviously unacceptable .
This is another example that illustrates the difference between scalability and performance .
We had solved this problem by aggressively caching the results of the HTTP calls , minimizing the number of external HTTP calls that are necessary .
The result is that even though the application ’s concurrency is fairly limited , it can still comfortably serve many concurrent users with a reasonable response time .
This anecdote should explain why I believe that web apps can get very far despite having a limited concurrency level .
That said , as Internet usage continues to increase and websites get more and more users , we may at some time come to a point where much a larger concurrency level is required than most of our current Ruby tools allow us to ( assuming server capacity does n’t scale quickly enough ) .
What was Igvita.com criticizing ?
Igvita.com does not appear to be criticizing Ruby or Rails for being slow .
It does n’t even appear to be criticizing the lack of Ruby tools for achieving high concurrency .
It appears to be criticizing these things :
Rails and most Ruby web application servers do n’t allow high concurrency by default .
Many database drivers and libraries hinder concurrency .
Although alternatives exist that allow concurrency , you have to go out of your way to find them .
There appears to be little motivation in the Ruby community for making the entire stack of web frame work + web app server + database drivers etc scalable by default .
This is in contrast to Node .js where everything is scalable by default .
Do I understand Igvita ’s frustration ?
Absolutely .
Do I agree with it ?
Not entirely .
The same thing that makes Node .js so scalable is also what makes it relatively hard to program for .
Node.js enforces a callback style of programming and this can eventually make your code look a lot more complicated and harder to read than regular code that uses blocking calls .
Furthermore , Node.js is relatively young – of course you wo n’t find any Node .js libraries that do n’t scale !
But if people ever use Node.js for things other than high - concurrency servers apps , then non-scalable libraries will at some time pop up .
And then you will have to look harder to avoid these libraries .
There is no silver bullet .
That said , all would be well if at least the preferred default stack can handle high concurrency by default .
This means e.g. fixing the MySQL extension and have the fix published by upstream .
The mysqlplus extension fixes this but for some reason their changes are n’t accepted and published by the original author , and so people end up with a multi - thread - killing database driver by default .
Is Node.js innovative ?
Is Ruby lacking innovation ?
A minor gripe that I have with the article is that Igvita calls Node .js innovative while seemingly implying that the Ruby stack is n’t innovating .
Evented servers like Node.js actually have been around for years and the evented pattern is well - known long before Ruby or Javascript have become popular .
Thin is also evented and predates Node .js by several years .
Thin and EventMachine also allow Node. js - style evented programming .
The only innovation that Node .js brings , in my opinion , is the fact that it ’s Javascript .
The other “ innovation ” is the lack of non-scalable libraries .
Conclusion
Igvita appears to be criticizing something other than Rails performance , as his article ’s title would imply .
I do n’t think the concurrency levels that the Rails stack provides by default is that bad in practice .
But as a fellow programmer , it does intuitively bother me that our laptops , which are a million times more powerful than supercomputers from two decades ago , cannot comfortably handle a couple of thousand concurrent users .
We can definitely work towards something better , but in the mean time let ’s not forget that the current stack is more than capable of Getting Work Done ( tm ) .
The reality is I was working on a new animation for today , but because of a busy family weekend I wound up not having the time to finish it .
I had a great weekend though .
My wife and I took my oldest to see Toy Story 3 on Saturday .
Though , there is one scene in that movie that was downright disturbing to me .
I wo n’t elaborate for those who have n’t seen it , but those who have should know exactly what I ’m talking about .
Also , the carnival was in town .
So we all went there as well .
And then went to a Peekaboo ’s parents ’ pool yesterday to go swimming .
The temperature was 109 degrees and 101 degrees in the shade and on top of that Hampton Roads is the humidity capital of the world so that only compounded it further .
Nonetheless , it was a fun filled family weekend that I would n’t change for the world , but it did detail what was originally planned .
Well , poop .
In the meantime , enjoy this comic and I will shoot for the animation on Thursday .
Force - Directed Layouts
View full screen .
An intuitive approach to network layout is to model the graph as a physical system : nodes are charged particles that repel each other , and links are dampened springs that pull related nodes together .
A physical simulation of these forces then determines node positions ; approximation techniques that avoid computing all pairwise forces enable the layout of large numbers of nodes .
In addition , interactivity allows the user to direct the layout and jiggle nodes to disambiguate links .
Such a force - directed layout is a good starting point for understanding the structure of a general undirected graph .
This network represents character co-occurrence in the chapters of Victor Hugo 's classic novel , Les Misérables .
Node colors depict cluster memberships computed by a community - detection algorithm .
Source : Knuth , D. E. 1993 .
The Stanford GraphBase : A Platform for Combinatorial Computing , Addison - Wesley .
Source
< html > < head > < title > Force - Directed Layout </ title > < script type= " text/ javascript " src= " ../ protovis-r3.2.js " ></script > < script type= " text/ javascript " src= " miserables.js " ></ script > < style type= " text/css " > body { margin : 0 ; } </ style > </head > < body > < script type= " text/javascript+protovis " > var w = document .
body .
clientWidth , h = document .
body .
clientHeight , colors = pv . Colors . category19 ( ) ; var vis = new pv .
Panel ( ) . width ( w ) . height ( h ) .
fillStyle ( " white " ) . event ( " mousedown " , pv .
Behavior . pan ( ) ) . event ( " mousewheel " , pv .
Behavior . zoom ( ) ) ; var force = vis .
add ( pv .
Layout .
Force ) . nodes ( miserables . nodes ) . links ( miserables .
links ) ; force .
link .
add ( pv .
Line ) ; force .
node .
add ( pv .
Dot ) . size ( function ( d ) ( d . linkDegree + 4 ) * Math .
pow ( this .
scale , - 1.5 ) ) .
fillStyle ( function ( d ) d . fix ?
" brown " : colors ( d . group ) ) .
strokeStyle ( function ( ) this .
fillStyle ( ) . darker ( ) ) .
lineWidth ( 1 ) . title ( function ( d ) d . nodeName ) . event ( " mousedown " , pv . Behavior . drag ( ) ) . event ( " drag " , force ) ; vis . render ( ) ; </ script > </ body > </html >
Data
Due to size , the data file is omitted from this example .
See miserables.js
The youngest voter in the 2010 general election , 14 - year - old Alfie McKenzie from Preesall in Lancashire , was entirely unremorseful today , despite a day of relentless teasing in school and a stern warning from his local police and council that his behaviour could constitute a criminal offence .
" It was just too much of a temptation to resist , " he said .
" I 'm a socialist , I 'm really , really interested in politics .
I 'd been reading up on it a lot before the election , and I 'd got very interested in tactical voting .
Nobody asked me for ID or anything , I was literally in and out of the polling station in about 15 seconds .
" As I said to my headteacher today , regrettably I 'm only sorry that I got caught .
I would be a Labour supporter , but I voted Lib Dem tactically : I would have been interested in a Lib - Lab coalition , but Clegg is in with Cameron right now , is n't he ?
I 'm not really a Cameron man . "
He was astonished when his polling card turned up in the post , a few months after his sister Georgie gave his name , along with hers and their parents , Nadine Wiseman and Darren McKenzie , to a woman who turned up at their front door with a clipboard .
It was done in all innocence : Georgie thought it was about the census , but the woman was actually updating the electoral register for the Wyre and Preston North constituency .
Alfie 's day began early on Thursday .
" I was at the polling station by 10 past seven .
I dressed really carefully , in my trenchcoat , with my glasses , and I was careful to wear my posh shoes .
I put on a posh accent , sort of southern .
I reckoned if they thought I was a Tory voter nobody would suspect me , because it could n't have made any difference in this constituency . "
He went home , changed into his uniform , and got the bus to St Aidan 's school , where he made the fatal mistake of confiding in a few friends , and telling a teacher in strict confidence .
" The teacher went straight to the head , and the head called the council – but I do n't think the council had a clue what to do about it in the beginning . "
A few hours later he was called out of English class to the head 's office .
It was when he spotted the police car parked in the yard that it dawned on him that he could possibly be in trouble .
He was given a stern talking - to , but the police also rang his mother and confided the matter was unlikely to go any further .
Half an hour later he was called out of class again and told the Sun was on the phone and wanted to speak to him .
" I 'd never speak to the Sun , " he said firmly , " I'm a Guardian reader . "
He describes his household as " not political but people do have very strong opinions on what 's right and wrong " .
His mother , a PA to a doctor , is a Labour supporter , and his father is a remarkable animal : a socialist estate agent .
Despite Alfie 's best efforts , Ben Wallace held the seat for the Conservatives with a majority of 15,844 .
" Still , they were predicted to take the seat with 94 % of the vote , and he only got 50 % , so I like to think I helped a bit , " said Alfie .
His mother , Nadine Wiseman , is finding it hard to take a suitably stern line on her son 's behaviour .
She said : " He 's fabulous – there 's never a dull moment with Alfie around . "
Do you have any idea how loud is the sound of a huge chunk of ice falling into the frozen waters ?
Slowly going North , we stopped in El Calafate after Torres Del Paine .
The sleepy town is n´t so sleepy anymore and has become a gateway to the nearby most spectacular glacier in the world : Perito Moreno .
Being Canadians , we are no stranger to ice , snow and anything else frozen .
Yet , this glacier is one of the most amazing natural wonder I have ever seen .
Perito Moreno is 80 kilometers away from El Calafate , in the Parque Nacional Los Glaciares .
The glacier is basically a low gap in the Andes where the snow has accumulated and recrystallized into ice .
Upon arriving at the glacier , it looks like a long and thick river of ice in between many mountains .
But as we got closer , what surprised me the most was the loud sound of ice breaking .
We strolled a long series of catwalk , some above the 60 meters high glacier , some much lower and closer .
The ice block is not compact , it is a river of thick jagged peaks , some milky and grayish , some deep blue .
As the sun hit the face of the glacier , around noon , we witnessed several huge chunk of ice collapsing in the Canales de los Témpanos ( Iceberg Channel ) .
Enormous blocks suddenly crashed into the water , causing a huge wave , temporally clearing the water of other icebergs for a few minutes .
I had never seen , nor heard , anything like that before …
Definitely worth a visit .
TEHRAN / MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Iran and Russia clashed on Wednesday over Kremlin support for draft U.N. sanctions against the Islamic Republic , in one of the worst rows between the two powers since the Cold War .
The public clash indicates growing concern in Tehran after the United States said Russia and China , the closest thing Iran has to big - power allies , had agreed to a draft sanctions resolution to punish Iran over its nuclear program .
In unusually strong criticism of Russia , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad admonished the Kremlin for bowing to what he said was U.S. pressure to agree sanctions and bluntly warned President Dmitry Medvedev to be more cautious .
“ If I were the Russian president , when making decisions about subjects related to a great nation ( Iran ) ... I would act more cautiously , I would think more , ” Ahmadinejad said in a televised outdoor speech .
He said that Russian support for the United States was unacceptable and that Moscow should rethink its decision or face being viewed as an enemy by Tehran .
Within hours , the Kremlin ’s top foreign policy adviser dismissed Ahmadinejad ’s criticism , telling the Iranian president to refrain from “ political demagoguery . ”
“ No one has ever managed to preserve one ’s authority with political demagoguery .
I am convinced , the thousand - year history of Iran itself is evidence of this , ” Sergei Prikhodko said in a statement read out by a Kremlin spokeswoman .
“ The Russian Federation is governed by its own long - term state interests .
Our position is Russian : it reflects the interests of all the peoples of greater Russia and so it can be neither pro-American nor pro-Iranian , ” he said .
REBUKE FOR TEHRAN
The spat between two of the world ’s biggest energy producers -- with a personal tirade by a president against a Kremlin leader -- is the worst in many years , analysts said .
Though trade ties have grown over the past two decades , Russia is still regarded with deep distrust in Iran after several wars between Persia and the Tsarist Empire , followed by rocky relations with the atheist Soviet Union .
Russia has been dismayed by Tehran ’s failure to disclose full details about its nuclear program and diplomats say privately that Kremlin leaders have been burned several times while attempting to get Iranian leaders to resolve the dispute .
Prikhodko issued a clear rebuke to Tehran over its failure to allay fears about its nuclear program .
“ Any unpredictability , any political extremism , lack of transparency or inconsistency in taking decisions that affect and concern the entire world community is unacceptable for us , ” he said .
“ It would be good if those who are now speaking in the name of the wise people of Iran ... would remember this . ”
Since the 1991 fall of the Soviet Union , trade has grown , reaching $ 3 billion last year .
Russia has struck deals to build Iran ’s first nuclear power station and sell billions of dollars of weapons .
But the row with Moscow could hurt plans to start the Russian - built nuclear reactor at the Bushehr power plant in August and Iran is unlikely to see a Russian delivery of the S - 300 surface - to - air missiles it ordered from Moscow .
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks in Kerman , 1,064 km ( 661 miles ) south of Tehran , May 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Fars News / Hamed Malekpour
“ Moscow has repeatedly saved Iran from very tough sanctions , so Ahmadinejad ’s defiance is quite frankly out of place , ” Pyotr Goncharov , a Moscow - based specialist on the Gulf , told Reuters .
“ It is simply the latest attempt by the Iranian president to lay the blame for his own problems at someone else ’s door . ”
Ahmadinejad said the nuclear fuel swap agreed with Turkey and Brazil last week was a “ historic opportunity ” to break the deadlock and that U.S. President Barack Obama should seize it .
“ It is unlikely that in future the Iranian nation will give a new opportunity to Mr Obama , ” he said .
He added that the Tehran accord under which the Islamic Republic agreed to the fuel swap was Iran ’s “ final word . ”
The United States , Russia and European Union states say they are deeply concerned by Iran ’s statements that it will continue to enrich uranium even if the deal goes ahead .
Western diplomats say that shows Iran is simply using the deal to play for time .
Bright and breezy , slightly sleazy , American Apparel is one of the most recognisable brands on the high street , whichever side of the Atlantic you are on .
The Los Angeles - based retailer of monochrome wardrobe basics and fashion tchotchkes has courted scandal as assiduously as it courts its core demographic of waify teens and twentysomethings .
After years of headlines about sexually charged advertising and accusations of sexual harassment on the part of the company 's eccentric founder , Dov Charney , American Apparel looks like it is going down the way it came up : in a blaze of controversy .
Charney and his managers are at the centre of a new furore in the US over their hiring policies for store staff , a process that – we learned this week – has more in common with casting a runway fashion show than picking a team of till - ringers .
Revelations that potential employees are required to submit " head - to - toe " photos of themselves if they even want to be considered have spawned a whole new round of tut - tutting and accusations of discrimination .
This headache is about the last thing the company wants right now , because it has precisely 18 days to avert bankruptcy .
The financiers who lent the company the money for its ragweed expansion are now in the driving seat .
Charney founded the company 13 years ago .
Today he owns a little over half of it – but he may well not after the end of the month .
It is impossible to say if there is a straight line from the salacious gossip – usually culled from the sensational lawsuits that the company attracts – to the financial peril in which American Apparel finds itself , but this much is clear : it is no longer the hottest place to shop .
An equally bright and breezy foreign interloper , Uniqlo , is expanding fast on its home turf ; H&M and Zara are buzzing with bargain - hunting fashionistas , hip to styles that change in those stores faster than they ever change at an American Apparel .
Charney 's cherished business model – his decision to make all the clothes at HQ in Los Angeles rather than in low - cost countries such as China , as encapsulated in his slogan " sweatshop free " – is approaching a crossroads .
The slide in sales and , more recently , the failure to rebound from recession like the rest of the high street is a bitter blow .
Until recently , amid all the controversies , the founder could at least point to the numbers and say he must be doing something right .
What does he say now ?
" Things should come together .
. .
We will be able to get into a positive place , " he sheepishly told Wall Street analysts after the company revealed its financial precariousness last month .
" I am motivated .
I am working seven days a week .
I hope to make everybody proud and I appreciate everybody 's patience . "
Less than a month after those remarks comes the new controversy over staffing policies .
A New York blog that has long been a thorn in the company 's side revived suggestions that head office will demand the sacking of ugly staff members .
In a new twist , Gawker revealed that applicants must receive approval from executives based on a picture which , according to an internal memo , must be a " full - body head - to - toe " shot .
In other words , no uglies .
It also reported claims from former employees that store managers would be required to periodically send staff photos for discussion by executives – with team members being judged on their looks and clothes .
The story produced a flurry of correspondence from former employees .
One former manager was told not to hire " trashy " black girls , only " classy black girls , with nice hair , you know " .
An ex-staff member wrote : " Not only did they police our clothes but our eyebrows , makeup , nails and hair colour .
Our store consultant also on several occasions told girls to lose weight or told them they were ' too top - heavy for crop tops ' .
They routinely denied applications based on looks or shoes . "
American Apparel has gone only so far to deny the accusations .
After all , this is a company that promotes new job openings by hosting what it describes as an " open call " at a store , as if it is a modelling audition rather than an interview .
It admits that " we do screen , but not for beauty .
What we look for is personal style . "
Marsha Brady , creative director , told The Cut blog that American Apparel clothes were " more like art supplies than fashion , so when we 're hiring , one of the things we look for is an ability to take our products , make them exciting , and show how cool they can look , which does n't have much to do with just being pretty .
. .
From time to time , someone may occasionally make a photo request to offer styling tips to a store or to make sure that employees are featuring new products , but it 's infrequent . "
The latest revelations only bring the chain 's in - store hiring policies under the same level of scrutiny as its approach to picking models for its hyper - sexual advertising campaigns , often featuring emaciated - looking girls , pictured , critics say , to leave a hint that they might be underage .
The firm 's reliance on stick - thin , naturally attractive lens candy was parodied this year by the artist Holly Norris , who photographed disabled models for the work " American Able " .
Less satirically , the UK's Advertising Standards Authority last year banned one ad campaign that featured a semi- naked model who it said appeared to be under 16 and " stripping off for an amateur - style photo shoot " .
Many of American Apparel 's models are indeed amateurs plucked from the street by scouts ; many of the photo shoots are conducted personally by the elaborately - moustached Charney , now 41 .
He has found himself subject to several lawsuits alleging sexual harassment .
None has been proven in court but at least one has been settled .
It is within these lawsuits that lewd accusations have been levelled , including that he beds the models , walks round the office in his underwear and even held a board meeting in the nude .
Defending himself when he was accused of referring to his models as " whores " and " sluts " , he charmed the public anew by declaring : " Some of us love sluts . "
Charney 's rags - to - rag - trade - riches story is a familiar one in the industry : a youngster who got the entrepreneurial bug by importing T - shirts from the US as he was growing up in Montreal , he had transitioned by the early Nineties to producing his own simple range of screen - printed T - shirts .
From these humble beginnings , American Apparel now employs 10,000 people and runs 285 retail stores in 20 countries .
Imperceptibly , American Apparel has shifted from being associated with sexual self - expression ( it proudly stocked the gay magazine Butt and ran a Legalise Gay campaign when California voted to ban gay marriage ) to being associated with allegations of sexual harassment , exploitation and discrimination .
The whiff of sleaze has overshadowed other aspects of the business which drove interest in its best days , most notably its homespun " Made in America " approach .
All its goods are manufactured in downtown LA by staff earning twice the minimum wage .
The fact that these achievements have been relegated is a source of frustration to Charney , as the world discovered in one further , bizarre controversy last year .
American Apparel had used a picture of Woody Allen in a billboard campaign without his permission , and instead of settling when sued , the two men engaged in an extraordinary legal duel in which Charney 's lawyers declared that the use of the image was protected by the laws of free speech .
He was trying to " express his frustration at being vilified by the press ( much as Plaintiff was ) and convey the message that media sensationalism too frequently overshadows the content of an individual 's creative work .
This is quintessential speech protected by the First Amendment . "
American Apparel paid the film director $ 5 m to settle – but only after threatening to drag Allen 's own famous sexual history into the proceedings .
If the public perception of American Apparel has shifted imperceptibly , then its financial fortunes have shifted dramatically and obviously .
Charney blames a raid on his LA factory last year , in which it was discovered that 1,500 workers – almost one in three – was an illegal immigrant to the US .
As a consequence of the raid , American Apparel struggled to keep the plant running .
But the financial troubles go deeper .
In - store sales are still running down 10 per cent , while the rest of the high street has tiptoed out of recession , suggesting a bigger malaise among shoppers .
Worse , the company jacked up its debt levels to fund its expansion just as the slowdown hit , and its failure to get back into profit means it will almost certainly breach promises to its lenders at the end of this month .
London - based investor Lion Capital bailed the company out with a loan a little over a year ago ; as it totters under the weight of $ 91.4 m ( £ 64.6 m ) in debt , Lion will have to decide if it wants to turn that debt into a share of the company , or put American Apparel into bankruptcy .
Our Product Reviews Provide Insight
We test hundreds of different bidets and factor in various opinions to write the most comprehensive reviews on bidets .
Check out our product reviews to learn more about different bidet products before making your purchase .
Statement by Asian left organisations
[ To add your organisation ’s endorsement , please email : international@socialist-alliance.org . ]
June 25 , 2010 --
As Israel stands increasingly isolated following its manufactured confrontation on May 31 , 2010 , with the peace flotilla in which nine Turkish activists on the Mavi Marmara were murdered , now is the time to increase the pressure on Israel to lift the siege of Gaza .
Israel ’s criminal blockade of Gaza is aimed to collectively punish 1.5 million Gazans for their choice of government .
The attack on the flotilla was aimed at demoralising Palestinians and their supporters .
But , as we 've seen from the global protests – particularly in Turkey and the Arab world – it has backfired on the Netanyahu government .
Turkey , once a close political and military ally , has now distanced itself from Israel and supports attempts to break the Gaza blockade .
The attack on the Mavi Marmara has spurred on the global campaign to force Israel to respect international law .
In the same way as apartheid South Africa was isolated , so too the global boycott , sanctions and divestment campaign , launched in 2005 by Palestinian unions and other civil society groups , is growing .
On June 7 , the Palestinian trade union movement expressed its support for the BDS campaign like this :
“ Gaza today has become the test of our universal morality and our common humanity .
During the South African anti-apartheid struggle , the world was inspired by the brave and principled actions of dockworkers unions who refused to handle South African cargo , contributing significantly to the ultimate fall of apartheid .
Today , we call on you , dockworkers unions of the world , to do the same against Israel 's occupation and apartheid .
This is the most effective form of solidarity to end injustice and uphold universal human rights . ”
We support the global peaceful call to boycott , divest from and sanction Israel for its international war crimes .
It must : lift its illegal siege of Gaza – completely ; recognise the democratically elected Hamas government of Gaza ; support the right of the refugees from 1948 and 1967 to return to their land ; and tear down the apartheid wall .
We call on all progressive organisations , especially trade unions , to join the international boycott , divestment and sanctions campaign to isolate apartheid Israel .
Signed by :
Socialist Alliance ( Australia ) ;
Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) ;
Radical Socialist ( India ) ;
People ’s Democratic Party ( PRD -- Indonesia ) ;
Working People Association ( PRP -- Indonesia ) ;
South Asia Alliance for Poverty Eradication ( Nepal ) ;
Alliance Party ( New Zealand )
Socialist Aotearoa ( New Zealand ) ;
Socialist Worker New Zealand ;
Labour Party Pakistan ;
Pakistan Peace Coalition ;
Party of the Labouring Masses ( PLM -- Philippines )
Partido ng Manggagawa ( Labor Party -- Philippines )
International Institute for Research and Education -- Manila ( IIRE - Manila , Philippines )
World Federation of Trade Unions ( Asia Pacific )
[ To add your organisation ’s endorsement , please email : international@socialist-alliance.org . ]
I am trying to use PythonMagickWand to use a Shepards distortion on an image .
You can also see the source of distort .c that is used by ImageMagick .
PythonMagickWand does not by default support Shepards distortion .
To fix this , I added in :
ShepardsDistortion = DistortImageMethod ( 15 )
to line 544 of PythonMagickWand ( See here for my modified PythonMagicWand ) .
The 15 pointer is in reference to distort.h ( line 51 ) of the MagickWand source in which ShepardsDistortion is the 15th item on the list .
This fits with all of the other supported distortion methods .
Now , something that I may be doing wrong is presuming that the existing distortion methods that are supported by PythonMagickWand use the same type of arguments as the Shepards .
They might not but I do not know how I can tell .
I know that distort.c is doing the work , but I can't work out if the arguments it takes in are the same or different .
I have the following code ( snippet ) :
from PythonMagickWand import * from ctypes import * arrayType = c_double * 8 pointsNew = arrayType( ) pointsNew [ 0 ] = c_double ( eyeLeft[0 ] ) pointsNew [ 1 ] = c_double(eyeLeft [ 1 ] ) pointsNew [ 2 ] = c_double(eyeLeftDest[0 ] ) pointsNew [ 3 ] = c_double(eyeLeftDest [ 1 ] ) pointsNew [ 4 ] = c_double ( eyeRight [0 ] ) pointsNew [ 5 ] = c_double( eyeRight [ 1 ] ) pointsNew [ 6 ] = c_double(eyeRightDest[0 ] ) pointsNew [ 7 ] = c_double(eyeRightDest [ 1 ] ) MagickWandGenesis ( ) wand = NewMagickWand( ) MagickReadImage ( wand , path_to_image +'image_mod.jpg ' )
MagickDistortImage ( wand , ShepardsDistortion , 8 , pointsNew , False ) MagickWriteImage ( wand , path_to_image +'image_mod22.jpg ' )
I get the following error :
MagickDistortImage( wand , ShepardsDistortion , 8 , pointsNew , False ) ctypes.ArgumentError : argument 4 : < type ' exceptions .
TypeError '> : expected LP_c_double instance instead of list
I am aware that pointsNew is the wrong way of providing the arguments ..
But I just do n't know what is the right format .
This is an example distort command that works when run in Terminal :
convert image.jpg -virtual - pixel Black - distort Shepards 121.523809524,317.79638009 141,275 346.158730159,312.628959276 319,275 239.365079365,421.14479638 232,376 158.349206349,483.153846154 165,455 313.015873016,483.153846154 300,455 0,0 0,0 0,571.0 0,571.0 464.0,571.0 464.0,571.0 0,571.0 0,571.0 image_out.jpg
So I guess the question is :
How do I create a list of c_doubles that will be accepted by PythonMagickWand ?
Or is my hack to add Shepards Distortion into PythonMagickWand completely wrong ?
I basically need to re-create the terminal command .
I have got it working by using subprocess to run the command from Python but that is not how I want to do it .
Tiger Woods is banned from letting girlfriends near his kids in a divorce deal netting his ex a record $ 750 million settlement , The Sun reported Wednesday .
The golfer agreed to keep single women away from daughter Sam , three , and son Charlie , one .
He can bring a new flame into their lives only if he marries her .
In return , former wife Elin Nordegren , 30 , gets the biggest payout ever seen in a celebrity divorce .
But she can never publicly speak out over his alleged flings with socialite Rachel Uchitel , reality star Jaimee Grubbs , porn queen Joslyn James and up to 17 others .
A pal said : " Elin is desperate to protect the children from the womanizing side of their father .
SLIDESHOW : The Women Linked to Tiger Woods
" Tiger 's main fear is her telling her story after he 's rebuilt his reputation , sending him back to the gutter . "
Swedish ex model Nordegren ended up with double the sum she originally sought , after her lawyers proved Woods , 34 , was worth much more than the $ 1 billion she thought .
Her friend explained : " Elin 's legal team have done a great job digging up all sorts of assets .
" The price of the huge sum is her silence : no interviews , tell - all books , or TV appearances about this for the rest of her life -- even if Tiger dies first -- or she 'll lose the lot . "
SLIDESHOW : Tiger 's Once Picture Perfect Life With Elin
The friend said : " Everything 's signed .
Elin is ready to file for divorce at Orlando County Court .
She expects to in the next seven days . "
Nordegren gets sole physical custody of their kids but they will split legal custody .
That means Woods will share decisions about their future -- so Nordegren will not be able to permanently relocate them to her native Sweden .
Woods -- believed to be building a golf resort in Dubai and investing in the Bahamas -- will be able to see the kids for up to half of each week .
He can renegotiate the custody agreement in five years .
SLIDESHOW : Scenes From Tiger 's Public Apology
The pal said : " Elin admits that despite everything , Tiger loves his kids and has been a decent dad .
" She is confident he will not pursue seeing the children that much , due to his work and lifestyle . "
Under the no-girlfriends deal , only married women not romantically linked to Woods will be allowed around the children -- plus female members of staff known to Nordegren .
SLIDESHOW : Woods ' Alleged Mistresses ' Life Looks Like a Party
​ As media personality Montel Williams spoke at Saturday ’s medical marijuana conference in Maine , his eyes filled with tears as he shared his pain with the audience .
Encouraged by one attending sheriff to do so , Williams lit up a joint and took a few puffs in front of the crowd .
Once Williams ’s pain level became so intense he was in tears , Cumberland County Sheriff Mark Dion shouted from the audience , “ Why do n’t you just take your medicine ? ”
The audience applauded and gave a standing ovation as Montel sat down , got out a joint and fired it up .
According to Williams , his pain level drops tremendously when he uses marijuana , and if not for medical cannabis he would not have been able to bear the nerve pain he endured prior to and while on stage .
About 250 people came to the convention in Portland to learn how they can get involved in growing or selling medical marijuana , reports WCSH6.com
Digital Journal .
The conference was held to answer questions about what Maine ’s medical marijuana law means for patients , health care providers , law enforcement agencies and others , reports Kim I. Hartman at
Keynote speaker Williams , who suffers from multiple sclerosis , uses marijuana to help ease the symptoms including chronic nerve pain .
He said “ people like me should n’t be treated as criminals for using marijuana for pain control for a variety of diseases and conditions . ”
Maine voters last November approved a ballot measure expanding their existing medical marijuana law , originally passed in 1999 but until now lacking any means of distribution , allowing for retail dispensaries where approved patients can legally and safely buy cannabis .
Maine is the fifth state to provide for state - licensed dispensaries of medical marijuana for patients with qualifying conditions .
In Maine , the nonprofit dispensaries will be licensed and regulated by the Maine Department of Health and Human Services , but specific procedures are not yet in place .
A division of the Health and Human Services Department is accepting dispensary applications until June 25 .
Only applications from nonprofit corporations will be accepted .
This stipulation is causing concern among patients and providers since it could restrict availability , distribution and access for medical users who may not be able to drive .
With the help of high speed video , scientists have discovered that there is far more to bursting bubbles than meets the eye .
Under the right conditions , a bursting bubble on a liquid surface does not simply vanish , but creates a perfect ring of tiny " daughter bubbles " .
This occurs as the ruptured bubble retracts into the liquid , forming a doughnut shape of trapped air .
Image caption
You may see a ring of " daughter bubbles " while washing up
The scientists reported their discovery in the journal Nature .
In the paper , the team described a " bubble - bursting cascade " .
" When one of these daughter bubbles ruptures , a ring of even smaller bubbles forms , " the researchers wrote .
Eventually , the daughter bubbles are sufficiently tiny that they rupture to form sharp " jets " that propel small aerosol droplets into the atmosphere .
James Bird from Harvard University , who led the research , explained that his main interest was in the fundamental physics of how bubbles behave .
But his discovery could eventually help to fine - tune many manufacturing processes .
" Where small bubbles are detrimental , such as in glass manufacturing , our results provide insight into how the parameters might be tuned to reduce the daughter bubbles , " Dr Bird explained .
' Pop science '
He said that he happened upon the popping phenomenon accidentally while " playing around in the lab late one night " .
" My colleague Laurent and I were trying to see if bubbles behaved like drops when they contacted a surface , " he told BBC News .
" Our intended goal failed completely , but instead we were staring at popping hemispherical soap bubbles [ and ] we noticed this ring of daughter bubbles that neither of us could explain . "
Image caption
High speed footage captured the bursting " cascade "
The scientists pointed that the finding could even have implications for health research - aerosol droplets from bursting bubbles have been implicated in the transmission of diseases in swimming pools and hot tubs .
They are also thought to be involved in the exchange of material and heat between the ocean and the atmosphere , so these results could help shed light on those processes .
I have a feeling I 'll be very unpopular for saying what I 'm about to say , but felt I had to respond to some of the ( in my opinion mis - ) information presented here .
Although it 's true that unsafePerformIO was officially added to the language as part of the FFI addendum , the reasons for this are largely historical rather than logical .
It existed unofficially and was widely used long before Haskell ever had an FFI .
It was never officially part of the main Haskell standard because , as you have observed , it was just too much of an embarrassment .
I guess the hope was that it would just go away at some point in the future , somehow .
Well that has n't happened , nor will it in my opinion .
The development of FFI addendum provided a convenient pretext for unsafePerformIO to get snuck in to the official language standard as it probably does n't seem too bad here , when compared to adding the capability to call foreign ( I.E. C ) code ( where all bets are off regarding statically ensuring purity and type safety anyway ) .
It was also jolly convenient to put it here for what are essentially political reasons .
It fostered the myth that Haskell would be pure , if only it was n't for all that dirty " badly designed " C , or " badly designed " operating systems , or " badly designed " hardware or .. whatever ..
It 's certainly true that unsafePerformIO is regularly used with FFI related code , but the reasons for this are often more to do with bad design of the FFI and indeed of Haskell itself , not bad design of whatever foreign thing Haskell is trying interface too .
So as Norman Ramsey says , the official position came to be that it was OK to use unsafePerformIO provided certain proof obligations were satisfied by whoever used it ( primarily that doing this does n't invalidate important compiler transformations like inlining and common sub-expression elimination ) .
So far so good , or so one might think .
The real kicker is that these proof obligations cannot be satisfied by what is probably the single most common use case for unsafePerformIO , which by my estimate accounts for well over 50 % of all the unsafePerformIOs out there in the wild .
I 'm talking about the appalling idiom known as the " unsafePerformIO hack " which is provably ( in fact obviously ) completely unsafe ( in the presence of inlining and cse ) .
I do n't really have the time , space or inclination to go into what the " unsafePerformIO hack " is or why it 's needed in real IO libraries , but the bottom line is that folk who work on Haskells IO infrastructure are usually " stuck between a rock and a hard place " .
They can either provide an inherently safe API which has no safe implementation ( in Haskell ) , or they can provide an inherently unsafe API which can be safely implemented , but what they can rarely do is provide safety in both API design and implementation .
Judging by the depressing regularity with which the " unsafePerformIO hack " appears in real world code ( including the Haskell standard libraries ) , it seems most choose the former option as the lesser of the two evils , and just hope that the compiler wo n't muck things up with inlining , cse or any other transformation .
I do wish all this was not so .
Unfortunately , it is .
In June , please join us at CIIS online in a course entitled , “ Buddhism and Psychedelics . ”
We will explore the ideas of many Buddhist and psychedelicpioneers , including Robert Aitken , Richard Baker , John Perry Barlow , Stephen Batchelor , David Chadwick , Lama Surya Das , Ram Dass , Erik Davis , Rick Fields , Joan Halifax , Jack Kornfield , and Terence McKenna .
Although this is a for - credit course , you do not have to be a full time student at CIIS to join us .
For more info email [ email protected ] .
The following article introduces some of the strands of our upcoming explorations …
Two great directions in human thought and activity have recently beencoming into sharper focus .
Interest in Buddhism has not been greater since it was first introduced to China where it proceeded to grow steadily for 500 years , and the serious and thoughtful use of psychedelics is making a resurgence , perhaps more profoundly than in the Sixties .
Buddhism and psychedelics share a concern with the same problem : the attainment of liberation for the mind .
The word psychedelic was first used in a letter from British psychiatrist Humphrey Osmond to the philosopher , Aldous Huxley in 1957 .
Taking the Greek root psykhe , or “ mind ” and adding deloun or delos “ to make visible or clear , ” psychedelic becomes ‘ mind manifesting . ’
Completing the process is purification of the mind — the essence of the Buddha ’s Way .
Recently Ram Dass and Ralph Metzner have released a book about the birth of a psychedelic culture .
There can be no doubt that Buddhism , and the world view that makes an understanding of this path possible , has contributed fundamentally to the conditions for such a birth .
Most of the teachers and researchers who have become well known in the psychedelic movement are also experienced in the philosophy and practices of Buddhism .
Meanwhile , psychedelics lurk in the personal histories of almost all first - generation Buddhist teachers in Europe and America , although today we find many teachers advising against pursuing a path they once traveled .
Few Buddhists make the claim that psychedelic use is a path itself — some maintain that it is a legitimate gateway , and others feel Buddhism and psychedelics do n’t mix at all .
Just as Buddhism itself must be held to the test of personal experience and to the wholesomeness or unwholesomeness of the results , so also must the question of how , or if , psychedelics can be part of a Dharma practice .
Psychedelics can be used in a great variety of ways for an enormous array of purposes .
The results depend greatly on the experience , intentions , knowledge , skill , and spiritual maturity of the practitioner .
The place of critical examination and analysis , and the freedom to make these discoveries for oneself is an essential foundation of Buddhism and is found as far back as the Kalama Sutra wherein Buddha warned people to practice for themselves and not to take his word for it about the benefits .
Religious historian Huston Smith also had a warning : that while psychedelic use is all about altered states , Buddhism is all about altered traits , and one does not necessarily lead to the other .
Alan Watts , one of the first prominent westerners to follow the Buddhist path , considered Buddhism and psychedelics to both be part of the same individual philosophical quest .
He was not interested in Buddhism to be studied and defined in such a way that one must avoid “ mixing up ” one ’s thinking about Buddhism with other interests , such as in quantum theory , Gestalt psychology , aesthetics , or psychedelics .
Any useful investigation into human potential will explore the differing views on the intersection of Buddhist practice and psychedelic use .
An awareness of the relatedness between separate objects and opposites is one of the key insights that psychedelic travelers often bring home from their chemical “ pilgrimages . ”
Perhaps the popularization of both Zen and psychedelics has shifted the cultural mind from a dominantly conceptual and linear view of reality to a mode of awareness that is more ecological and holistic .
While we will always continue to think in linear ways , awareness is growing that this mode of consciousness is relative , a human construct , and not a reflection of “ objective reality . ”
This way of seeing is not something people necessarily need psychedelics to experience .
It is , in fact , one of the central premises underlying Zen and brings us closer to a perspective that is perhaps equally comfortable being called “ dharmic ” or “ psychedelic . ”
Putting aside the well - founded arguments for and against psychedelic use , there is an essentially Buddhist response to the long entrenched , ongoing , and devastating war on drugs : great compassion .
Draconian drug laws ensnare millions of otherwise law - abiding people in an ever growing spiral of wasteful and counterproductive strategies whose foundation is punishment .
It has resulted in an incarceration rate so unimaginable that almost one in four of every person behind bars in the entire world is locked upin the United States .
At this very moment , American jails and prisons hold tens of thousands of people — vastly disproportionate numbers of them black — whose only crime is possession of the marijuana plant .
Prisons become classrooms for more advanced crime , drugs are readily available to everyone from schoolchildren on up , criminals outspend and outsmart police , and no one feels safer .
The drug war leads to cynicism and apathy and , of course , blights thousands of lives .
Profits from the illegal drug trade fuel organized crime and enhance the power of the cartels to corrupt police , judges , and government officials .
The newest casualties in the failed war on drugs are our personal liberties .
A society that actively banishes personal exploration withall psychedelic plants will need to closely monitor its citizens .
All ourcommunications , transactions , and expressions are under increasing surveillance by a growing and expensive bureaucracy of control and repression .
None of thisis conducive to the peaceful and free contemplation of strategies for our personal liberation and fulfillment .
In reality , this ceases to be a war on drugs , but rather becomes a war on consciousness , war on free exercise of that most precious of gifts bestowed on a human being .
Human history can be seen as a series of relationships with plants , relationships made and broken .
Plants , drugs , politics , and religions have harshly intermingled — from the influence of sugar on mercantilism to the influence of coffee on the modern office worker , from the British forcing opium on the Taoist Chinese to credible reports that the CIA used heroin in the ghetto to choke off dissent and dissatisfaction .
The lessons to be learned can be raised into consciousness , integrated into social policy , and used to create a more caring , meaningful world , or they can be denied with the results now plainly seen .
The enhanced capacity for extraordinary cognitive experience made possible by the use of plant psychedelics may be as basic a part of our humanness as is our spirituality or our sexuality .
The question is how quickly we can develop into a mature community that is able to address these issues with openness and candor .
In the past , awareness about the deepest “ occult ” or “ hidden ” parts of our spirit selves was considered the private preserve of shamans , priests , or spiritual masters who had earned their way to it .
Religious experience was mediated by the seauthorized few , and this is a tradition still with us in the form , if not attitude , of many religions .
The democratization of psychedelics , however , and of Buddhism to a similar extent , has been very much about the breakdown of this restricted access to the divine .
In Buddhism , as in psychedelics , the individual takes responsibility for their relationship to the source of their being , and for access to the highest states of spirit mind .
Image by fdecomite , courtesy of Creative Commons license .
We rarely write about coding projects , but this particular one is too wonderful to keep to ourselves .
It basically makes any song swing by " time - stretching the first half of each beat while time - shrinking the second half . "
The results sound fantastic :
Guns N' Roses - Sweet Child O' Mine
Journey - Do n't Stop Believin '
Daft Punk - Around The World
Jefferson Airplane - White Rabbit
You can check out more song clips and get the source code for this fantastic project over at Music Machinery .
Oh , and if you do modify any songs yourself , please post 'em in the comments .
Because I 'd love to hear more swingin ' tunes .
[ Music Machinery via Joshua Topolsky ]
When the Devils announced the hiring of John MacLean as their new head coach yesterday , a few thoughts ran through my mind .
The first thought was that the team had finally decided on a coach , and now general manager Lou Lamoriello could worry about the impending free agent market and the upcoming NHL draft .
The second thought was one of expectation , wondering how we ’ll see a great offensive player improve a lackluster Devils attack .
And the third was one of worry , that maybe hiring an unproven coach in a room full of veterans was n’t the best decision .
Even with my doubts , I believe “ Johnny Mac ” was the best fit for the job .
Throughout May , a mini- drama played out through the local newspapers , chronicling the issues within the Devils locker room .
First came Jamie Langenbrunner ’s displeasure after being a healthy scratch in a game against the Carolina Hurricanes .
Then , after their playoff loss to the Flyers , some members of the team voiced frustration at the way the coaching staff handled situations .
Even former players sounded off on the situation .
As the “ he said ” built , ex-coach Jacques Lemaire responded with his own “ he said ” , coming out and defending his decisions .
The Devils locker room was clearly fractured , and there was no way the team could welcome back Lemaire to coach next season .
Enter MacLean , who should begin to fix these issues .
The former Devil spent seven seasons as an assistant , where he was able to run the bench twice .
And , as we all know , MacLean went down and coached the former Lowell Devils to their first AHL playoff berth in 10 years .
Not only that , but the players responded well to him as a coach .
As Zach Parise said yesterday , Lowell players told the NHL players they liked MacLean .
He already has the approval of both Parise and Langenbrunner , and he seems to be the guy to address the locker room issues .
He seems to be more attuned to players ’ needs , while at the same time demanding the respect necessary for a head coach .
I think he ’ll more clearly define the role players , and they ’re probably wo n’t be confusion that could have led to dissension in the locker room .
I expect MacLean to vastly improve the Devils offensive play .
MacLean was always a good offensive player , and the Devils need that mentality to fully take advantage of their talent .
Parise continued to shine last season , and Travis Zajac broke out .
I would expect to see other role players , such as Brian Rolston and Patrik Elias , enjoy greater offensive success .
As I talked about a few days ago , the Devils need to attack more and force their opponents into mistakes .
With MacLean , I would expect to see a more aggressive forecheck and more puck possession .
MacLean will probably give the scorers more creative freedom , and I ’ve even expect an improvement in the powerplay .
The addition of Larry Robinson as top assistant will allow the Devils to continue their focus on solid two - way play .
The Devils will never become a sloppy defensive team , even with the offensive - minded MacLean behind the bench .
It ’s important to continue that philosophy .
Most of the time , solid defensive play will lead to offensive opportunities , so it ’s good to see MacLean keeping Robinson on staff .
Continue reading to find out my overall conclusion of MacLean ’s hiring !
The Devils are in a transition period .
They still have the old guard of Martin Brodeur , Elias and Colin White , who have led the team and won Stanley Cup championships .
But there ’s also been an infusion of youth , especially in the past few years .
Parise has rose to the top of the Devils offense , and Zajac continues to improve .
Young players like Andy Greene have stepped up on the blue line .
And waiting in the wings are proven rookies like Vladimir Zharkov and Matt Halischuk .
With his AHL experience , MacLean fits the bill .
As I said above , I believe he holds clout with the veterans of this team .
But he ’ll also be able to relate to the rookies , an important aspect of a team ready to bring in some young talent .
Overall , the MacLean hiring was a good one .
I ’ve read some reviews implying loyalties were the reason for the hiring , but I do n’t feel that played a part in Lou ’s decision .
Johnny Mac put in his time , working diligently behind the bench and in the minors to groom himself for the opportunity .
Hiring someone within the organization who understands the yearly expectations seems like an intelligent move to me .
I think MacLean also proved his worth last season with Lowell .
To lead a team continually gutted with NHL callups to 88 points and their first playoff berth in 10 years says something about his coaching abilities .
All of these factors lead me to believe MacLean deserved the reins .
He ’ll face high expectations as a rookie coach , as the team has made the playoffs 13 years in a row .
They ’ll be some bumps in the road , but I expect MacLean to succeed as head coach of the Devils .
There has been a bit of an uproar the past day or so that scientists have found evidence of life on Saturn 's giant moon Titan .
As soon as I saw the press release I knew this was going to be a problem .
So let 's be clear : First , have we found life on Titan ?
No .
Have we found evidence that there might be life on Titan ?
Sorta .
The results are preliminary and not yet confirmed ; in fact , some of the evidence is from computer modeling and has not been directly observed .
Bear in mind as well that evidence is not proof .
Evidence just means an observation was made that is consistent with life on the moon , but does n't say much else .
There are non-biological explanations for the observations as well .
Of course , speculation is running rampant , so much so that Chris McKay , an exobiologist who studies Titan , has released an article clearing things up .
First , a little background .
Titan is a monster , the second biggest moon in the solar system at 5150 km ( 3200 miles ) in diameter .
If it were n't orbiting Saturn , it would probably be considered a planet in its own right : it 's bigger than Mercury and Pluto .
It has a thick atmosphere , made up of nitrogen , methane , and other molecules .
It 's very cold , but it 's known that lakes , probably of liquid methane , exist on the surface .
Five years ago , McKay and other scientists pointed out that if methane - based life existed on Titan , it might be detectable through a surface depletion of ethane , hydrogen , and acetylene .
New observations show that this is the case ; there are lower amounts of these substances than the chemistry of Titan would indicate .
As McKay points out , " This is a still a long way from ' evidence of life ' .
However , it is extremely interesting . "
Those are the basics .
Go read McKay 's article for details .
The point he makes is that the results are preliminary , may yet turn out to be wrong , if they 're right may have non-biological explanations , and we should not conclude biology is involved until we get a lot more evidence .
As far as the media goes , headlines get eyeballs and sell advertisements , of course .
But in cases where the news is like this , news outlets should be particularly careful how they phrase things .
They know how the public will react to certain phrases , and the phrase " evidence of life " is substantially less accurate and more likely to incite chatter than " evidence for possible life " -- and the Telegraph 's technically accurate but seriously misleading " evidence ' that alien life exists on Saturn 's moon ' " is just asking for trouble .
The point is , when it comes to media outlets and big news like this , the phrase going through your head should be a variant of an old one , updated for this modern age : " Do n't trust , and verify " .
Japan 's Computer Entertainment Suppliers Association ( CESA ) says video game piracy for portable consoles like the Nintendo DS and PSP around the world cost the gaming industry at least � 3.816 trillion ( $ 41.5 billion ) between 2004 and 2009 .
Piracy in Japan alone accounted for �954 billion ( $ 10.4 billion ) of that amount .
In a study conducted with Tokyo University 's Baba Lab , CESA checked the download counts for the top 20 Japanese games at what it considers the top 114 piracy sites , recording those figures from 2004 to 2009 .
After calculating the total for handheld piracy in Japan with that method , the groups multiplied that number by four to reach the worldwide amount , presuming that Japan makes up 25 percent of the world 's software market .
CESA and Baba Lab did not take into account other popular distribution methods for pirated games like peer - to - peer sharing , so the groups admit that the actual figures for DS and PSP software piracy could be much higher than the � 3.816 trillion amount the study found .
The firms published other details from their investigations of the piracy sites , including its finding that the U.S. has the most servers hosting piracy sites , while China has the second most .
China and the U.S. alone make up 60 percent of the total amount of servers hosting piracy sites , according to a translation of CESA 's report by Andriasang .
Also mentioned in the report , which is available to download ( in Japanese ) from CESA 's site , is that the U.S. accounted for the highest number of accesses to the piracy sites it analyzed .
Japan had the second highest number of access , and China had the third highest .
Image caption
The research team could subvert almost every car control system
The computer systems used to control modern cars are very vulnerable to attack , say experts .
An investigation by security researchers found the systems to be " fragile " and easily subverted .
The researchers showed how to kill a car engine remotely , turn off the brakes so the car would not stop and make instruments give false readings .
Despite their success , the team said it would be hard for malicious attackers to reproduce their work .
Locked in
The team of researchers , led by Professor Stefan Savage from the University of California - San Diego , and Tadayoshi Kohno from the University of Washington set out to see what resilience cars had to an attack on their control systems .
" Our findings suggest that , unfortunately , the answer is ' little , ' " wrote the researchers from the Center for Automotive Embedded Systems Security .
The researchers concentrated their attacks on the electronic control units ( ECUs ) scattered throughout modern vehicles which oversee the workings of many car components .
It is thought that modern vehicles have about 100 megabytes of binary code spread across up to 70 ECUs .
This represents an opportunity to head off a problem before it starts , in the not - too - distant future it may represent a real risk to life .
Rik Ferguson , Trend Micro
Individual control units typically oversee one sub-system but ECUs communicate so that many different systems can be controlled as the situation demands .
For instance , in a crash seat belts may be pre-tensioned , doors unlocked and air bags deployed .
The attackers created software called CarShark to monitor communications between the ECUs and insert fake packets of data to carry out attacks .
The team got at the ECUs via the communications ports fitted as standard on most cars that enable mechanics to gather data about a vehicle before they begin servicing or repair work .
The researchers mounted a series of attacks against a stationary and moving vehicle to see how much of the car could fall under their control .
Image caption
All modern cars are fitted with computer control systems
" We are able to forcibly and completely disengage the brakes while driving , making it difficult for the driver to stop , " wrote the researchers .
" Conversely , we are able to forcibly activate the brakes , lurching the driver forward and causing the car to stop suddenly . "
In one attack , the team transformed the instrument panel into a clock that counted down to zero from 60 seconds .
In the final seconds the horn honks and as zero is reached the car engine shuts off and the doors are locked .
They found that almost every system in the car , including engine , brakes , heating and cooling , lights , instrument panel , radio and locks was vulnerable .
The team concluded that the car control software was " fragile " and easy to subvert .
In some cases simply sending malformed packets of data , rather than specific control code , was enough to trigger a response .
The team are presenting a paper on their results at the IEEE symposium on Security and Privacy in California on 19 May .
" Cars benefit from the fact that they are ( hopefully ) not connected to the internet ( yet ) and currently are not able to be remotely accessed , " said Rik Fergson , a security analyst at Trend Micro .
" So in order to carry out a successful attack you would already need to have physical access to the vehicle , as a break - in or as a mechanic , seem the two most likely scenarios . "
" As cars , and everything else in life up to and including even pacemakers or fridges , become steadily more connected and externally accessible , research such as this should be taken increasingly seriously by manufacturers , " he added .
" This represents an opportunity to head off a problem before it starts , in the not - too - distant future it may represent a real risk to life . "
I ’ve told this story in person dozens of times , it ’s time to write it down and share it here .
I ’ve again experimentally recorded a video version ( below ) , which you can view on a non-Flash device here .
The Prolog Story from Kyle Cordes on Vimeo .
I know a little Prolog , which I learned in college – just enough to be dangerous .
Armed with that , and some vigorous just - in - time online learning , I used Prolog in a production system a few years ago , with great results .
There are two stories about that woven together here ; one about the technical reasons for choosing this particular tool , and the other about the business payoff for taking a road less travelled .
In 2004 ( or so ) I was working on a project for an Oasis Digital customer on a client / server application with SQL Server behind it .
This application worked ( and still works ) very well for the customer , who remains quite happy with it .
This is the kind of project where there is an endless series of enhancement and additions , some of them to attack a problem - of - the - moment and some of them to enrich and strengthen the overall application capabilities .
The customer approached us with a very unusual feature request – pardon my generic description here ; I do n’t want to accidentally reveal any of their business secrets .
The feature was described to us declaratively , in terms of a few rules and a bunch of examples of those rules .
The wrinkle is that these were not “ forward ” rules ( if X , do Y ) .
Rather , these rules describe scenarios , such that if those scenarios happen , then something else should happen .
Moreover , the rules were are on complex transitive / recursive relationships , the sort of thing that SQL is not well suited for .
An initial analysis found that we would need to implement a complex depth / breadth search algorithm either in the client application or in SQL .
This was n’t a straightforward graph search , though , rather that part was just the tip of the iceberg .
I ’m not afraid of algorithmic programming , Oasis Digital is emphatically not an “ OnClick - only ” programming shop , so I dug in .
After spending a couple of days attacking the problem this way , I concluded that this would be a substantial block of work , at least several person - months to get it working correctly and efficiently .
That ’s not a lot in the grand scheme of things , but for this particular customer , this would use up their reasonable - but - not - lavish budget for months , even ignoring their other feature needs .
We set this problem aside for a few days , and upon more though I realized that :
this would be a simple problem to describe in Prolog
in Prolog the Prolog runtime would then solve the problem
the problem the Prolog runtime would be responsible for doing it correctly and efficiently , i.e. our customer would not foot the bill to achieve those things .
We proceeded with the Prolog approach .
….
It actually took one day of work to get it working , integrated , and into testing , then a few hours a few weeks later to deploy it .
The implementation mechanism is pretty rough :
The rules ( the fixed portions of the Prolog solution ) are expressed in a prolog source file , a page or two in length .
A batch process runs every N minutes , on a server with spare capacity for this purpose .
The batch process executes a set of SQL queries ( in stored procs ) , returning a total of tens or hundreds of thousands of rows of data .
SQL is used to format that query output as Prolog terms .
These stored procs are executed using SQL Server BCP , making it trivial to save the results in files .
The batch process run a Prolog interpreter , passing the data and rules ( both are code , both are data ) as input .
This takes up to a few minutes .
The Prolog rules are set up , with considerable hackery , to emit the output data we needed in the form of CSV data .
This output is directed to a file .
SQL Server BCP imports this output data back in to the production SQL Server database .
The result of the computation is thus available in SQL tables for the application to use .
This batch process is not an optimal design , but it has the advantage of being quick to implement , and robust in operation .
The cycle time is very small compared to the business processes being controlled , so practically speaking it is 95 % as good as a continuous calculation mechanism , at much less cost .
There are some great lessons here :
Declarative >>>
Imperative .
This is among the most important and broad guidelines to follow in system design .
.
This is among the most important and broad guidelines to follow in system design .
Thinking Matters .
We cut the cost / time of this implementation by 90 % or more , not by coding more quickly , but by thinking more clearly .
I am a fan of TDD and incremental design , but you ’re quite unlikely to ever make it from a handcoded solution to this simply - add - Prolog solution that way .
.
We cut the cost / time of this implementation by 90 % or more , not by coding more quickly , but by thinking more clearly .
I am a fan of TDD and incremental design , but you ’re quite unlikely to ever make it from a handcoded solution to this simply - add - Prolog solution that way .
The Right Tool for the Job .
Learn a lot of them , do n’t be the person who only has a hammer .
. Learn a lot of them , do n’t be the person who only has a hammer .
A big problem is a big opportunity .
It is quite possible that another firm would not have been able to deliver the functionality our customer needed at a cost they could afford .
This problem was an opportunity to win , both for us and for our customer .
That ’s all for now ; it ’s time for LessConf .
Dusk falls and the elver poachers appear .
They set up their equipment in the mud and then simply wait for the tide to rush in , bringing with it thousands of tiny juvenile eels .
Within an hour one net may have captured 15kg ( 33lb ) of elvers , a wriggling mass worth more than £ 3,000 .
" Not bad for a few hours work , is it ? " said Richard Dearnley , an Environment Agency fisheries officer .
The agency says it has seized a record number of illegal nets in the Somerset Levels , one of the UK 's main eel habitats , and hints that it may use a new law to close some fishing areas next year if the problem continues .
It claims a disturbing trend this spring has been an unprecedented increase in the use of flow nets – traps up to 18 metres long that look a little like wind socks and are tethered to the bank with strong ropes .
Elvers and other marine life are funnelled into one end of the net , making them easy to collect , but they can be crushed by the power of the tide that helps propel them up the rivers .
The Environment Agency claims the practice is unfair on eel fishermen who use legal hand - held dip nets – a little like a larger version of a child 's rock - pool net –and also puts at risk the future of the European eel , the population of which has declined by as much as 95 % in the past 25 years .
Dearnley took the Guardian to one of the eel poaching spots , the River Parrett at Dunball , near Bridgwater .
More than 50 illegal nets have been seized from poachers on the Parrett and 10 people have been reported and may face court proceedings .
Thirty of the nets confiscated were flow nets .
" This type of net is indiscriminate and an unsustainable method of fishing , " Dearnley said .
" It 's hard work but it pays well .
Elvers and any other fish caught in them usually end up crushed in the end of the net . "
Dearnley said there were two niche but lucrative markets .
Some elvers are sent to the far east , where they are considered a delicacy ; others are bought by dealers who sell them on in various European countries where they are used to restock depleted rivers or in eel - farming enterprises .
" The law - abiding elver fishermen on the Parrett are rightly upset by those who choose to flout the law and set illegal nets .
Their behaviour removes fish from the river that could be caught legally .
It undermines this historic elver fishery , " said Dearnley .
He argued there was no reason why the fishery on the Parrett and the Severn could not be sustainable .
Because the rivers have large tidal ranges there is a greater number of eels arriving than in other areas .
" But at the moment the poaching is making it unsustainable . "
The dealers may also find themselves short - changed .
Poachers sometimes leave the flow nets in place for two or three days .
The elvers can survive ( though the other fish do not ) for that time but often die later after they have been sold on .
There are problems in eel fisheries in other areas , the Environment Agency says , but the Parrett seems to be a particular magnet for poaching .
" A lot of the locals that have fished here would try to chance their arm to catch more than by using legal methods .
Historically they always have tried to bend the rules . "
The increase in eel poaching echoes the rise in sheep rustling and other thefts from the countryside highlighted by farmers ' representatives and police this week .
Dearnley suggested action could be taken next year ( the legal elver season on the Parrett has just finished ) .
New powers under the Marine and Coastal Access Act 2010 make it possible for the fishery to be closed .
Legitimate elver fishermen would resist such a move .
One , who asked not to be named ( even legitimate eel hunters tend to be very private ) , said : " That would seem like a very big hammer to crack a small nut .
The Environment Agency should do more to clamp down on the poachers , not deprive us all of a living .
Eels have been fished here for generations .
It 's a shame to lose all that history . "
From the Sargasso Sea to the flatlands of England
The eel remains one of the world 's most mysterious creatures .
It is generally accepted now that European eels , Anguilla anguilla , are born in the Sargasso Sea near Bermuda .
As leaf - like larvae they are swept by the Gulf Stream towards Europe , a journey that may take a year .
When the larvae reach the continental shelf they change into " glass " eels and in the spring begin to move through estuaries and into fresh water .
The animals develop pigmentation , at which point they are known as elvers and are similar in shape to the adult eel .
Elvers continue to move upstream and again change colour to become " brown " or " yellow " eels .
When the fish reach full maturity – some can live to 40 and grow to a metre long – they migrate back to the ocean .
Females are reported to carry as many as 10 m eggs .
They return to the Sargasso Sea , spawn and die .
Employees in Mississauga 's transportation and works department were tied up with duct tape , spanked until they were bruised and humiliated at the behest of one of their supervisors , a city official says .
Some of the bizarre abuse was videotaped and shown to an independent investigations company hired by the city when the “ inappropriate incidents ” came to light , confirmed Martin Powell , the department 's commissioner .
The supervisor who was found to have instigated the physical and mental humiliation is still employed by the city , Powell says .
“ I 'm not at liberty to get into the details of it ( but ) I will conclude the supervisor is still an employee , ” he said .
“ But there was not just ( the ) supervisor involved , there were other employees . ”
Reached at her home Tuesday night , Mayor Hazel McCallion said she would be following up on what happened .
“ I'm aware of the situation , ” she said .
“ I 'm asking for all the reports — to be debriefed on all the reports — and then I will be able to comment . ”
Powell says the investigation began when an employee brought a cellphone video to the department 's human resources managers showing two employees being duct - taped .
The tape showed two employees facing each other with their legs , hands and bodies taped up .
One frame grab from the video obtained by the CBC shows what appears to be a man bound and lying in a fetal - like position .
Duct tape is wrapped around his torso and legs .
“ Based upon that we made a determination that we wanted to hire an external investigator , ” Powell says .
“ We did a very thorough investigation , interviewed many employees and there was substantiated inappropriate conduct going on . ”
Powell said he was constrained by legal advice from revealing just what that conduct included .
“ I do n't think it 's appropriate that I get involved in all the details , ” he said , although he did confirm a CBC report Tuesday that said bruising , spanking , whacks to the groin and mental humiliation had occurred weekly and for years .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ I would just like to state that there was inappropriate behaviour that is not condoned by the city , ” he said .
“ There was significant discipline taken . ”
Read more about :
Anyone who has ever been to the beach has probably tried to sculpt a simple sand structure of some sort .
Well leave it to the pros , because we have some great sand sculpture pictures listed below .
Watch a CNN International 30 - minute special at 1630 GMT June 30 putting the Gulf oil spill in a global context .
Why the spill has repercussions beyond the Gulf and where to find the untapped or under - exploited oil reserves .
Niger Delta , Nigeria ( CNN ) -- Nigeria 's Niger Delta is one of the most oil - polluted places on the planet with more than 6,800 recorded oil spills , accounting for anywhere from 9 million to 13 million barrels of oil spilled , according to activist groups .
But occurring over the 50 years since oil production began in the Delta , this environmental disaster has never received the attention that is now being paid to the oil - spill catastrophe hitting the U.S. Gulf coast .
" The whole world is trembling and even the president of America had to do a personal visit to the site .
The U.S. will have put serious measures in place to stop such situations happening in the future , " said Ken Tebe -- a local environmental activist who is visibly shaken by what he regards as a double standard .
" It 's funny because we 've been dealing with this problem for 50 years .
I even heard BP will pay $ 20 billion in damages ( for the U.S. spill ) .
When will such hope come to the Niger Delta ? "
Tebe asked .
The U.S. imports about eight percent of its oil from Nigeria .
That is nearly half of Nigeria 's daily oil production and makes Nigeria the fifth - largest exporter of oil to the United States .
Tebe , like other activists , focuses his energy and anger against his own government and the oil companies he blames for neglecting the region -- but he feels the U.S. , as the largest consumer of Nigerian oil , also must also play its part .
" It 's very , very bad because Nigeria is the fifth largest exporter of oil to the U.S. , and the fact that Nigeria has been going through such issues for the past 50 years with little or no concern even from the U.S. government goes a long way to show you that they look at the Niger Delta as an oil field that people do n't need to live in . "
According to Amnesty International , people living in the Niger Delta have experienced oil spills on par with the Exxon Valdez disaster every year for the last half century .
In its June 2009 report , Petroleum , Pollution and Poverty , Amnesty said independent environmental and oil experts estimated between nine million and 13 million of barrels had leaked in the five decades of oil operations .
It also quoted U.N. figures of more than 6,800 recorded spills between 1976 and 2001 .
Oil companies operating in the Niger Delta believe the figures are exaggerated .
Mutiu Sunmonu , the managing director of Shell Nigeria , told CNN the industry is committed , after any spill , to " restore the environment to its previous status . "
In the 1990s , Shell was forced to stop operating in Ogoniland after mass protests against the lack of investment and environmental damage culminated in a military crackdown .
Then , a special tribunal found Nigerian writer - activist Ken Saro - Wiwa guilty of complicity in the murders of four Ogoni chiefs .
The government executed him and other activists in a move widely condemned internationally .
Shell last year paid $ 15.5 million in an out - of - court settlement in a civil case brought by members of Saro - Wiwa 's family and others .
Shell , which denied any wrongdoing in the case , also refuted charges it was complicit in human rights abuses in the Delta .
It was the only company operating in Ogoniland , and no oil has been pumped there since , yet the locals continue to complain of oil spilling from the maze of pipes criss - crossing their land .
We took a boat into the creeks of Ogoniland in the Niger Delta to see for ourselves .
As we traveled to the site , it began to rain heavily .
The heavy raindrops splashed black in the thick oil coating the river .
We were unable to access the pipe in the rain and mud .
The leak had been repaired but no one here knows how much oil was spilled .
Plumes of dark oil haunt the nearby rivers , the mangroves are stained black , and most conspicuously , there are no fishermen here .
Instead we found Peter Bornu and his wife , knee - deep in thick , oily mud pulling at the branches of the mangroves and stacking them in their wooden boat .
" There 's no fish in the river anymore , " he told us , his clothes sodden in the rain , " So there 's no way I can feed my family apart from fetching firewood like this . "
The money he makes from selling the wood helps pay for food .
The 700,000 - square - kilometer Niger Delta is one of the most important wetlands in the world and home to 31 million people -- 60 percent of whom , according to the U.N. Development Program , depend on the natural environment for their livelihoods .
Chevron , Agip , ExxonMobil are among the other companies operating in the Delta , but Shell is the only company in the region to release regular reports on its operations .
Shell maintains that more than 90 percent of spills are caused by militants and oil thieves tapping into pipelines to steal oil .
And then , Shell says , locals often refuse access to the ruptured pipelines until the oil companies have paid for access .
Shell 's Sunmonu said : " I am not naive to believe that Shell can fix the problem in the Delta .
Ninety - five percent of our revenue -- after tax , after costs -- goes back to government . "
And so the oil companies ' argument goes :
They pay the Nigerian government and it is the government 's responsibility to provide investment , security and pressure on private business .
In all those areas the government has notably failed in the poverty - stricken and conflict - racked Niger Delta .
" Even if we pour all our earnings into the Delta - into development and infrastructure - it would still be a drop in the ocean , " said Sunmonu .
However , when pressed on the one issue for which the oil companies are legally responsible -- whatever the difficulties -- oil spill cleanup , Sunmonu insisted : " We will clean up and remediate the environment regardless the cost of the spill . "
Yet , as we leave Peter Bornu and his wife scavenging for firewood , it 's clear many locals do n't believe the oil companies .
Environmental reports put the cost of the environmental damage in the tens of billions of dollars .
" Soil is turned upside down , money has been allocated and the cleanup is done , " explained Ken Tebe .
The oil companies regularly contract out the cleanup operations to local crews , he says , who carry out their operations on the cheap .
" The truth is that the oil has not been mopped up from the soil .
We have a series of spills in the Niger Delta for more than 30 years that have not been cleaned up , " Tebe said .
And if the U.S. cuts oil production off its coast because of the BP oil spill it will put more pressure on places like Nigeria .
" There 'll be new oil blocks so we can meet the quota we send to the U.S. " said Tebe .
" That 'll mean there 'll be an increase in oil spills , more gas flares , and resources conflict is going to be on the increase . "
The argument between video Web sites Hulu and YouTube has all the makings of a blockbuster movie .
Upstart Hulu is competing against Goliath YouTube to attract the attention of billions of users and an increasing amount of ad dollars , against a backdrop of copyright and piracy issues .
Google 's 10 Toughest Rivals
At stake is the fastest - growing application on the Internet : streaming video .
Video traffic grew 67 % between 2007 and 2009 , according to a March 2010 study of inter-domain traffic by Arbor Networks .
Video is the Internet 's second most popular application – after Web traffic – and it represents 2.65 % of all Internet traffic .
[ See all 20 Tech Battles at Network World . ]
YouTube is the Internet 's dominant video site , according to an April 2010 rating by the Nielsen Co. YouTube had 97 million unique users , compared with fifth - ranked Hulu , which had 13 million unique users .
However , YouTube lags other video
Web sites in the amount of time that visitors spend per visit .
This is because YouTube specializes in short , user - generated video clips , while Hulu offers professionally generated content such as full - length TV shows from NBC , Fox and ABC .
Hulu visitors spent 253 minutes on the site during April 2010 , while YouTube visitors spent 94 minutes , Nielsen says .
Competitor NetFlix beat out both YouTube and Hulu , with visitors spending 428 minutes on the site watching movies , Nielsen said .
The rivalry between YouTube and Hulu is a recent one , but it shows no signs of letting up .
YouTube is only 5 years old as of May 2010 , but it has considerably more viewers than all of the U.S. TV networks combined .
Google paid $ 1.65 billion for YouTube in October 2006 .
Since then , Google has been hit by a $ 1 billion copyright infringement law suit from ViaCom due to pirated videos being hosted on the site .
YouTube has been a leader in deploying new technology , including high - speed , high - definition uploads in 2008 and IPv6 , the next - generation Internet Protocol , in 2010 .
This technology is helping YouTube serve up 2 billion videos every 24 hours .
YouTube 's biggest weakness is its lack of profitability , which CEO Eric Schmidt expects to change in 2010 when the service should finally be in the black .
Rival Hulu , on the other hand , became profitable last year .
In April 2010 , the 2 - year - old site said it earned $ 100 million in revenue last year and would earn that much in the first half of 2010 .
Some observers question whether Hulu will be able to stick with its free , ad - supported model rather than adopting a pay - per - view strategy .
Hulu is lucky because of its deep - pocketed media ownership , including Fox , NBC and Disney .
Hulu is available only in the United States , while localized versions of YouTube are available in 22 countries .
Read more about software in Network World 's Software section .
This story , " You Tube vs. Hulu " was originally published by Network World .
This is definitely long overdue .
I 've been putting off further studies for the longest time .
But I finally made that giant leap , dropped everything in the Philippines , and left to pursue my PhD in Hospitality and Tourism Management .
Hello from Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indiana , USA !
I have been here for a little over two months now , which makes it the longest period I 've ever stayed outside the Philippines , and counting !
And I still have a long way to go !
It was a challenge to shift from the professor role back to student mode , especially after eight years teaching at the Asian Institute of Tourism , University of the Philippines , Diliman .
But the experience has been very memorable so far , as I work on earning my PhD at Purdue 's School of Hospitality and Tourism Management .
There are so many people and institutions to thank for making all this possible : the University of the Philippines System , UP Diliman , Asian Institute of Tourism , Fulbright Scholarship Program , Commission on Higher Education , Philippine - American Educational Foundation , and Institute of International Education .
And of course , thank you to Purdue University for the opportunity to study in such a great campus !
Here is some trivia about Purdue University : 1. Purdue University was founded in 1869 with land and funds donated by Lafayette businessman John Purdue .
It is best known for its Engineering and Agriculture programs .
2. University
Hall is the only one of the six original buildings that remains standing .
I have classes here twice a week .
Another trivia about Purdue 's buildings is that except for two , all the buildings , both old and new , are made of bricks or have bricks in their designs .
3 . Purdue has produced 23 astronauts including Gene Cernan , Neil Armstrong , and Gus Grissom .
4 . Purdue University has its own airport .
Amelia Earhart worked at Purdue because it was the only US university with its own fully equipped airport at that time .
5 . The school colors are gold and black .
6 . Purdue students and alumni are called Boilermakers .
Boiler up !
BTFU!7 .
It is part of the Big Ten Conference and thus takes its football very seriously !
I finally got to watch my first American football game !
8 .
The school mascot is a train called the Boilermaker Special .
The school 's athletic mascot is Purdue Pete.9 .
The 10 - foot drum of the Purdue " All - American " Marching Band is the world 's largest bass drum .
The marching band has more than 380 members .
10 .
Purdue 's Hospitality and Tourism Management Programs ( Undergraduate , Masters , and Phd ) are ranked number one in the US by several peer - reviewed studies in the Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Education .
Hope to see everyone back home soon .
In the meantime , this will be my home away from home !
Sometimes there 's a beauty in seeing the similarities between yourself and the people across the aisle .
Other times , the people across the aisle say such mind - numbingly stupid things that there 's no point in calling their words anything other than nonsense .
Relive the last two decades of Republican mediocrity with the following collection of crazy quotes by renowned right - wing nutjobs .
01 of 45 Donald Trump on Using Nukes " Why ca n’t we use nuclear weapons ? "
– Donald Trump , reportedly asking a foreign policy adviser three times during a meeting why the U.S. could n’t use its nuclear weapons stockpile , according to MSNBC's Joe Scarborough
02 of 45 Rush Limbaugh on Nuclear Weapons '' The only way to reduce the number of nuclear weapons is to use them . ''
— Rush Limbaugh
03 of 45 Donald Trump on Shooting Somebody " I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody , and I would n't lose any voters , okay ?
It 's , like , incredible . "
– Donald Trump , speaking at a rally in Sioux Center , Iowa as the audience laughed , January 23 , 2016
04 of 45 Mitt Romney on Believing in America '' I believe in an America where millions of Americans believe in an America that 's the America millions of Americans believe in .
That 's the America I love . ''
— Mitt Romney ( January 2012 )
05 of 45 Donald Trump Hints at Hillary Clinton Assassination " If she gets to pick her judges – nothing you can do , folks .
Although , the Second Amendment people .
Maybe there is .
I do n’t know . "
– Donald Trump , in what many interpreted to be a suggestion that someone might shoot Hillary Clinton , her Supreme Court picks , or both , Wilmington , North Carolina campaign rally , Aug. 9 , 2016
06 of 45 Ann Coulter on Blowing Up the New York Times '' My only regret with Timothy McVeigh is he did not go to the New York Times Building . ''
— Ann Coulter
07 of 45 Bill O'Reilly on Flooding the United Nations '' I just wish Katrina had only hit the United Nations building , nothing else , just had flooded them out , and I would n't have rescued them . ''
— Bill O'Reilly , on his radio show , Sept. 14 , 2005
08 of 45 Glenn Beck on Families of 9/11 Victims '' When I see a 9/11 victim family on television , or whatever , I 'm just like , ' Oh shut up '
I 'm so sick of them because they 're always complaining . ''
— Glenn Beck , Sept. 9 , 2005
09 of 45 Paul Ryan 's Slip of the Tongue '' We 're not going to give up on destroying the health care system for the American people . '' — Rep. Paul Ryan , March 12 , 2013
10 of 45 Trump Calls on Russia to Hack Clinton and Sabotage Election “ Russia , if you ’re listening , I hope you ’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing .
I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press . "
– Donald Trump , calling on Russian espionage services to intervene in the U.S. election and help sabotage Hillary Clinton .
The emails in question were deemed " personal , " but Trump has previously said he thinks they contain sensitive intelligence , meaning that Trump is hoping Vladimir Putin gains access to classified government information ( July 27 , 2016 )
11 of 45 Mitt Romney on " Corporations Are People " '' Corporations are people , my friend ... of course they are .
Everything corporations earn ultimately goes to the people .
Where do you think it goes ?
Whose pockets ?
Whose pockets ?
People 's pockets .
Human beings , my friend . ''
— GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney to a heckler at the Iowa State Fair who suggested that taxes should be raised on corporations to help balance the budget , Aug. 11 , 2011
12 of 45 Sharron Angle on " Second Amendment Remedies " '' I hope that 's not where we 're going , but you know if this Congress keeps going the way it is , people are really looking toward those Second Amendment remedies and saying my goodness what can we do to turn this country around ?
I 'll tell you the first thing we need to do is take Harry Reid out . ''
— Sharron Angle , the Tea Party candidate who won the Republican nomination in Nevada 's Senate primary , floating the possibility of armed insurrection , interview with right - wing talk radio host Lars Larson in Portland , OR , January 2010
13 of 45 Rush Limbaugh on Feminism '' Feminism was established so as to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream of society . ''
— Rush Limbaugh
14 of 45 Mitt Romney on the 47 Percent '' There are 47 percent of the people who will vote for the president no matter what .
All right , there are 47 percent who are with him , who are dependent upon government , who believe that they are victims , who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them , who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing , to you - name - it . ...
My job is not to worry about those people .
I 'll never convince them they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives . ''
— Mitt Romney , in leaked comments from a fundraiser in May 2012
15 of 45 Mitt Romney on the Poor '' I 'm not concerned about the very poor .
We have a safety net there . ''
— Mitt Romney ( January 2012 )
16 of 45 Glenn Beck Calls Obama A Racist '' This president I think has exposed himself over and over again as a guy who has a deep - seated hatred for white people or the white culture .... I'm not saying he does n't like white people , I 'm saying he has a problem .
This guy is , I believe , a racist . ''
— Glenn Beck , on President Obama , sparking an advertiser exodus from his FOX News show , July 28 , 2009
17 of 45 Pat Robertson on the Feminist Agenda '' The feminist agenda is not about equal rights for women .
It is about a socialist , anti-family political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands , kill their children , practice witchcraft , destroy capitalism and become lesbians . ''
— Pat Robertson
18 of 45 Ann Coulter on Liberals '' Liberals love America like O.J. loved Nicole . ''
— Ann Coulter
19 of 45 Ann Coulter on Liberals '' Whether they are defending the Soviet Union or bleating for Saddam Hussein , liberals are always against America .
They are either traitors or idiots . ''
— Ann Coulter
20 of 45 Glenn Beck on Climate Change '' Some may believe we 're on the road to the Hitler youth . ''
— Glenn Beck , on teaching kids about climate change , Fox News 's Glenn Beck show , Feb. 5 , 2009
21 of 45 Glenn Beck on His Inner Demons '' You know , we all have our inner demons .
I , for one — I can't speak for you , but I 'm on the verge of moral collapse at any time .
It can happen by the end of the show . ''
— Glenn Beck , Nov. 6 , 2006
22 of 45 Rush Limbaugh on Obama and Health Care '' Obama 's got a health care logo that 's right out of Adolf Hitler 's playbook ... Adolf Hitler , like Barack Obama , also ruled by dictate . ''
— Rush Limbaugh , Aug. 6 , 2009
23 of 45 Sarah Palin on Putin '' As Putin rears his head and comes into the air space of the United States of America , where — where do they go ?
It 's Alaska .
It 's just right over the border . ''
— Sarah Palin , explaining why Alaska 's proximity to Russia gives her foreign policy experience , interview with CBS 's Katie Couric , Sept. 24 , 2008
24 of 45 Sarah Palin on Quitting '' It may be tempting and more comfortable to just keep your head down , plod along , and appease those who demand : ' Sit down and shut up , ' but that 's the worthless , easy path ; that 's a quitter 's way out . ''
— Sarah Palin , quitting her job as governor , adding , '' Only dead fish go with the flow , '' July 3 , 2009
25 of 45 Sarah Palin on " Death Panels " '' The America I know and love is not one in which my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama 's ' death panel . '''
— Sarah Palin , in a message posted on Facebook about Obama 's health care reform plan , Aug. 7 , 2009
26 of 45 Antonin Scalia on Orgies '' I even accept for the sake of argument that sexual orgies eliminate social tensions and ought to be encouraged . ''
— Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia
27 of 45 Glenn Beck on Forest Fire Victims '' I think there is a handful of people who hate America .
Unfortunately for them , a lot of them are losing their homes in a forest fire today . ''
— Glenn Beck , on why people who lost their homes in forest fires in California had it coming , Oct. 22 , 2007
28 of 45 Michelle Bachmann Calls for a New McCarthyism '' I wish the American media would take a great look at the views of the people in Congress and find out :
Are they pro-America or anti-America ? '' — Rep. Michelle Bachmann , calling for a new McCarthyism , Oct. 2008
29 of 45 Lamar Smith on the Greatest Threat to America '' The greatest threat to America is not necessarily a recession or even another terrorist attack .
The greatest threat to America is a liberal media bias . '' — Rep. Lamar Smith ( R - TX ) , June 4 , 2009
30 of 45 Michele Bachmann on Swine Flu '' I find it interesting that it was back in the 1970s that the swine flu broke out under another , then under another Democrat president , Jimmy Carter .
I 'm not blaming this on President Obama , I just think it 's an interesting coincidence . '' — Rep. Michele Bachmann , on the 1976 Swine Flu outbreak that happened when Gerald Ford was president , April 28 , 2009
31 of 45 Christine O'Donnell on Religion '' I was dabbling into every other kind of religion before I became a Christian .
I was dabbling in witchcraft , I 've dabbled in Buddhism .
I would have become a Hare Krishna but I did n't want to become a vegetarian .
And that is honestly the reason why -- because I'm Italian , I love meatballs ! ''
— Delaware GOP Senate candidate Christine O'Donnell , on '' Politically Incorrect , '' July 19 , 1999
32 of 45 Virginia Foxx on Health Care Reform '' I believe we have more to fear from the potential of that bill passing than we do from any terrorist right now in any country . '' — Rep. Virginia Foxx ( R. - North Carolina ) , on health care reform legislation , Nov. 2 , 2009
33 of 45 Rush Limbaugh on the Women 's Movement '' I 'm a huge supporter of women .
What I 'm not is a supporter of liberalism .
Feminism is what I oppose .
Feminism has led women astray .
I love the women 's movement — especially when walking behind it . ''
— Rush Limbaugh , responding to criticism that he is sexist and defending his selection as one of the judges at the 2010 Miss America Pageant , '' Fox News ' Fox & Friends , '' February 3 , 2010
34 of 45 Michelle Bachmann on Carbon Monoxide '' Carbon dioxide is portrayed as harmful .
But there is n't even one study that can be produced that shows that carbon dioxide is a harmful gas . '' — Rep. Michelle Bachmann , April , 2009
35 of 45 Virginia Foxx on Being Fooled '' Fool me once , shame on you .
Fool me twice , shame on you . '' — Rep. Virginia Foxx ( R - North Carolina )
36 of 45 Ann Coulter on Liberals Ann Coulter : '' You will find liberals always rooting for savages against civilization . ''
Bill O'Reilly : '' They did n't root for the Nazis against civilization . ''
Coulter : '' Oh yes they did ... It was only when Hitler invaded their precious Soviet Union that at the last minute they came in and suddenly started saying , ' Oh no , now you have to fight Hitler . ' ''
—' The O'Reilly Factor , ' May 7 , 2010
37 of 45 Sarah Palin on Socialized Medicine '' We used to hustle over the border for health care we received in Canada .
And I think now , is n't that ironic ? ''
— Sarah Palin , admitting that her family used to get treatment in Canada 's single - payer health care system , despite having demonized such government - run programs as socialized medicine that will lead to death - panel - like rationing , March 6 , 2010
38 of 45 Rush Limbaugh on Exercise '' Exercise freaks ... are the ones putting stress on the health care system . ''
— Rush Limbaugh , June 12 , 2009
39 of 45 Glenn Beck on African - Americans '' African - American is a bogus , PC , made - up term .
I mean , that 's not a race .
Your ancestry is from Africa and now you live in America . ''
— Glenn Beck , on his radio show , Jan. 7 , 2010
40 of 45 Rush Limbaugh on Obama '' [ Obama ] would n't have been voted president if he were n't black .
Somebody asked me over the weekend why does somebody earn a lot of money have a lot of money , because she 's black .
It was Oprah .
No , it ca n't be .
Yes , it is .
There 's a lot of guilt out there , show we 're not racists , we 'll make this person wealthy and big and famous and so forth ....
If Obama were n't black he'd be a tour guide in Honolulu or he'd be teaching Saul Alinsky constitutional law or lecturing on it in Chicago . ''
— Rush Limbaugh , July 6 , 2010
41 of 45 Louis Gohmert on Hate Crimes '' If you 're oriented toward animals , bestiality , then , you know , that 's not something that can be used , held against you or any bias be held against you for that .
Which means you 'd have to strike any laws against bestiality , if you 're oriented toward corpses , toward children , you know , there are all kinds of perversions ... pedophiles or necrophiliacs or what most would say is perverse sexual orientations . '' — Rep. Louis Gohmert ( R - TX ) , arguing that a hate crimes bill passed by Congress would lead to Nazism and legalization of necrophilia , pedophilia , and bestiality , Oct. 6 , 2009
42 of 45 Steve King on Health Care Reform '' They intend to vote on the Sabbath , during Lent , to take away the liberty that we have right from God .
This is an affront to God . '' — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) , on Congress voting on the health care bill , interview with Glenn Beck , March 18 , 2010
43 of 45 Andre Bauer on Food Assistance Programs '' My grandmother was not a highly educated woman , but she told me as a small child to quit feeding stray animals .
You know why ?
Because they breed .
You 're facilitating the problem if you give an animal or a person ample food supply .
They will reproduce , especially ones that do n't think too much further than that .
And so what you 've got to do is you 've got to curtail that type of behavior .
They do n't know any better . ''
— South Carolina Lt. Gov. Andre Bauer , arguing that government food assistance to lower - income residents , including food stamps or free school lunches , encourages a culture of dependence , Jan 24 .
2010
44 of 45 Joe Wilson to Obama : " You Lie ! " '' You lie ! '' — Rep. Joe Wilson ( R - SC ) , shouting out a retort during Obama 's address before a joint session of Congress , after Obama said his health care plan would not cover illegal immigrants , Sept. 9 , 2009
BARBADOS — At the top of a spiral staircase lined with scalloped , silver - leaf walls ( the banister cost $ 60,000 ) is a door accessible by a fingerprint security system .
It opens to an all - white , 2,583 - square - foot master suite wrapped in bomb - proof , 44 - milimeter glass .
There , a king - sized bed sits on a giant platter that rotates with the press of a silver button .
Another set of buttons rotates the bed itself .
The combination of the rotating bed and the rotating platter allows limitless angles for watching the sunset , sunrise or the 60 - inch plasma TV , which retracts from the ceiling .
And ...
Alarm clocks usually jolt us awake leading us to reach for the almighty snooze button .
Silence is a conceptual alarm clock that allows you to program multiple alarms and wakes you without any sound .
Each person wears a wireless rubber ring with an integrated vibration device that generates a tactile alarm .
The snooze function is engaged by shaking your hand .
However , each successive time you want to snooze , more movement is required , making sure you get to work on time .
Designer : Johan Brengesjo
Some horrors just wo n’t die , and The Amityville Horror is a case in point .
The tale of a reportedly demon- infested house in Amityville , New York , became a best - selling novel in 1977 and a hit horror film starring James Brolin and Margot Kidder in 1979 .
Several inferior movie sequels followed in its wake ( including a 3 - D version ) , and 15 April 2005 saw the debut of a remake , this one starring Ryan Reynolds and Melissa George .
Scary films are a dime a dozen , but what initially drew the public ’s interest to the original version of The Amityville Horror was the claim that it was based on real events .
The producers of the 2005 remake were also intrigued by the Amityville case not so much due to the horror film ’s scary details , but because the tale was allegedly true .
“ We were looking for truth in horror , ” co-producer Andrew Form told Fangoria magazine .
“ I grew up in Long Island , so I was familiar with this when I was a kid .
I remember going by that house and how scary it was . ”
Co-star Melissa George was attracted to the role because , she said , “ If you ’re going to do a scary movie , you might as well do The Amityville Horror , a true story , a famous book , a well - known moment in American history . ”
A famous book , yes .
A moment in American history , perhaps .
But a true story ?
Not .
The history of The Amityville Horror , as with The Exorcist , began with a best - selling novel .
A book entitled The Amityville Horror : A True Story , written by Jay Anson , was published in 1977 and quickly scaled the sales charts .
Anson was not a resident of the infamous possessed house , but a professional writer hired to pen a book based on supposedly “ true events ” that had taken place there several years earlier .
The story behind the story began on 13 November 1974 , when six members of an Amityville , New York , family were killed .
The parents , Ronald and Louise DeFeo , were shot in bed while they slept , along with their two sons and two daughters .
The sole remaining family member , Ronald Jr. ( “ Butch ” ) , was arrested for the crime , convicted , and sentenced to prison .
With the family dead ( and Butch in no position to inherit the place ) , the house went up for sale .
The horrific nature of the massacre unnerved the otherwise quiet Long Island neighborhood , though no supernatural activity was associated with the house at 112 Ocean Avenue .
The following year , a new family , the Lutzes , moved into the house .
George and Kathy Lutz , along with their three children , said that shortly after they moved in , their six - bedroom abode became a Hell house .
It seemed that perhaps the demons that drove Butch to slaughter his family were not in his head but in the house .
An unseen force ripped doors from hinges and slammed cabinets closed , noxious green slime oozed from the ceilings , a biblical - scale swarm of insects attacked the family , and a demonic face with glowing red eyes peered into their house at night , leaving cloven - hoofed footprints in the morning snow .
A priest called upon to bless the house was driven back with painful blisters on his hands , famously told by a demonic voice to “ Get out ! ”
And so on .
A local television crew did a segment on the house , bringing in several self - styled “ ghost hunters ” ( including Ed and Lorraine Warren ) and other alleged psychics .
All agreed that a demonic spirit was in the house , and that an exorcism would be needed to stop the activity .
The Lutzes left the house and took their terrifying tale with them , collaborating with Anson on the book The Amityville Horror .
And , as William Peter Blatty did when he promoted The Exorcist , Anson vouched for the truthfulness of his fantastic tale : “ There is simply too much independent corroboration of their narrative to support the speculation that [ the Lutzes ] either imagined or fabricated these events . ”
Many people expressed doubts about the events in the house .
Researcher Rick Moran , for example , compiled a list of more than a hundred factual errors and discrepancies between Anson ’s “ true story ” and the truth .
The 2005 remake promises to mine Anson ’s book more deeply than did the previous screenplays , including background about early Indians ( whose vengeful spirits may lurk nearby ) and devil - worshipping early settlers of the area .
Yet , Moran explains , “ Experts told me that the tribe mentioned was not from the Amityville area at all ( actually , they had inhabited the eastern tip of Long Island , 70 miles away ) and that the settlers mentioned were never local residents either .
Anson ’s tactic was clear — when strapped for good material for a book , pad it with quasi- factoids . ”
And Father Pecoraro , the priest who was driven from the house by demons ?
According to Moran , who interviewed Pecoraro , “ He said he never saw anything in the house . ”
Joe Nickell , author of Entities : Angels , Spirits , Demons , and Other Alien Beings ( and who personally visited Amityville and interviewed later owners of the notorious house ) , also found numerous holes in the Amityville story .
A few examples of these discrepancies :
The Lutzes could not have found the demonic hoofprint in the snow when they said they did , because weather records showed there had been no snowfall to leave prints in .
Though the book details extensive damage to the home ’s doors and hardware , the original locks , doorknobs , and hinges were actually untouched .
The book and film show police being called to the house , but , Nickell writes , “ During the 28 - day ‘ siege ’ that drove [ the Lutz family ] from the house , they never once called the police . ”
Over and over , both big claims and small details were refuted by eyewitnesses , investigations , and forensic evidence .
Still , the Lutzes stuck to their story , reaping tens of thousands of dollars from the book and film rights .
The truth behind The Amityville Horror was finally revealed when Butch DeFeo ’s lawyer , William Weber , admitted that he , along with the Lutzes , “ created this horror story over many bottles of wine . ”
The house was never really haunted ; the horrific experiences they had claimed were simply made up .
Jay Anson further embellished the tale for his book , and by the time the film ’s screenwriters had adapted it , any grains of truth that might have been there were long gone .
While the Lutzes profited handsomely from their story , Weber had planned to use the haunting to gain a new trial for his client .
George Lutz reportedly still claims that the events are mostly true , but has offered no evidence to back up his claim .
The Lutzes ’ account was likely influenced by another fictionalized story , that of The Exorcist .
In fact , it is not much of a stretch to suggest that The Exorcist strongly influenced The Amityville Story : Recall that The Exorcist came out in December 1973 , and demonic possession and hauntings were very much in the public ’s mind when the Lutzes spun their stories of diabolic activity a year or two later .
The revelation that the story was based on a hoax has led to embarrassment , especially among the handful of “ paranormal experts ” who “ verified ” the fictional tale .
The Lutzes must have had a good laugh at the expense of the mystery - mongering ghost hunters and self - proclaimed psychics who reported their terrifying visions and verified the house ’s ( non-existent ) demonic residents .
To this day , the fact that The Amityville Horror story was an admitted hoax is still not widely known — as we often say , the truth never stands in the way of a good story .
Though the story was made up by the Lutzes and further sensationalized by Anson , there were real victims of The Amityville Horror ( the film , not the demons ) .
In addition to the murdered DeFeo family , the subsequent occupants of the Amityville home have suffered a continual stream of harassment by curiosity seekers , horror fans , and gawkers who want to photograph and tour their infamous house .
Then there are the people who , fooled by the films ’ and book ’s tagline , think they are partaking of works based on true events .
( This article © 2005 by Benjamin Radford )
It was Mark Wahlberg himself who supposedly said , when asked if he would consider starring in a sequel to Tim Burton 's remake of Planet of the Apes : " I 'd rather jump out a window . "
The 2001 film was a big misfire which watered down the original 's nihilism in favour of a misguided Hollywood action tone .
Instead of the original 's fable - like quality – brought about in part by the rather dodgy ( though it was groundbreaking at the time ) monkey makeup – we got superb but strangely soulless modern prosthetics .
Where the original had some intelligent things to say about prejudice , racial stereotyping and our treatment of animals , Burton 's version seemed to lose the brainy stuff amidst all the fighting and explosions .
But at least , we all thought , that was that .
The original Planet of the Apes series ran to five films , with increasingly poor returns each time .
The " reimagining " would halt at one .
Not so .
As revealed this week in the trades , Fox has announced plans for a prequel to be titled Rise of the Apes .
The film will not be based on any of the movies in the original series , though it will half - inch some of their ideas .
Rise of the Apes centres on a scientist in modern - day San Francisco ( James Franco ) working on a cure for Alzheimer 's by testing on simians .
When his subject , named Caesar after the chimp that began the original uprising against the humans in 1972's Conquest of the Planet of the Apes , begins exhibiting signs of sentience , he takes him home to keep him safe .
The film will also star John Lithgow as Franco 's Alzheimer 's - stricken father , with Slumdog Millionaire 's Freida Pinto as a fellow primatologist .
There have also been reports that Don Cheadle may have a part to play .
Rupert Wyatt , the British film - maker who made the sharp prison thriller The Escapist , has signed on to direct , and the CGI apes will be created by Weta Workshop , who worked on The Lord of the Rings trilogy among other ventures , so all in all the project looks like a relatively classy one .
The problem is , nobody needs a Planet of the Apes prequel .
For a start , the original film 's rather confusing denouement appeared to specifically set up a sequel , with Mark Wahlberg 's spaceman returning to 22nd - century Earth , only to find a statue of General Tim Roth - in - a - monkey - suit waiting for him , suggesting that the villainous ape had got home first and installed simian tyranny .
That film never materialised , allegedly due to Wahlberg 's complete lack of interest after Planet of the Apes picked up hideous reviews .
Pushing a prequel into production instead suggests that producers want us to forget about the earlier film – so why not cut Rise of the Apes loose from the franchise altogether ?
The answer of course , is that without the Planet of the Apes tag , the new film would suffer at the box office .
Plus , rather than the action adventure that Fox says it wants , it might end up being a cautionary thinkpiece about the dangers of scientific tinkering , much like the excellent forthcoming Splice , or even Cronenberg 's The Fly .
As it is , the movie is likely to be a hotchpotch of the two .
There 's more .
If the studio really desires blockbuster thrills and spills , why take the the storyline all the way back to the lab in the first place ?
Most 18 - year - old cinemagoers will just want to see the bit where the monkeys finally get to take over the asylum – they 'll be bored to tears by all the pseudo - scientific hokum which must inevitably precede it , if only to give a class act like Franco the screen time he deserves .
Finally , there 's that title .
Very few films with similar monikers have ever ended up being anything but terrible .
Hannibal Rising .
Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines .
GI Joe : The Rise of Cobra .
I rest my case .
To paraphrase the late great Charlton Heston : " Damn them !
Damn them all to hell ! "
Much has been revealed over the last few months about Guild Wars 2 , ArenaNet 's ambitious MMORPG .
From the dynamic event system which aims to ensure that players never have the same experience twice , to the story mode that allows players to take different paths in their quest to save the world of Tyria .
Every time we hear more about it , we anxiously rub our hands together , and eagerly await the day we get to put the game to the test .
We recently spoke to the Guild Wars 2 team about a couple more features to be thrown into the broth , but this time the focus was not on story or combat , but on relaxation .
Concept+art+for+the+carnival ,+where+the+shooting+gallery+likely+lives .
... And +the+in-game +carnival !+Looks +spiffy .
Concept+art+for+the+musical+activity .+ That 's+a+lot+of+brass .
Guild Wars 2 is set to contain activities .
That is , things that players can do that have no bearing whatsoever on the game 's storyline or the characters progression , and which are not altered by such either .
They are there purely for fun and variety – to give players who are burnt out from monster slaying an opportunity to do something that feels different , while staying within the scope of the game world with the ability to set out with ( or against ! ) your buddies .
One of the more exciting examples of the activities ArenaNet has planned is the bar brawl , which removes the player 's weapon and pits them in a battle royale where the environment is the only thing that can give them an edge .
Picking up a beer stein and smashing it over the head of another patron , for example , is an acceptable – even encouraged – course of action .
As is chugging a beer and spewing its toxic contents , or waiting until the last moment to get the killing blow on a worn - down enemy .
It 's an activity that is far - flung from the tight , organized combat we can expect from the main game .
" The nice thing about working on activities is that , where we want to , we can take the core mechanics and just toss them out , " says Game Designer John Stumme .
There will also be activities that are n't as focused on combat , such as a set of instruments that players can use .
A shooting gallery was also mentioned , although it was unclear how it would function .
Will it use similar combat mechanics to the main game , or will it play more like a first - person - shooter ?
We posed this question to the team , but it went unanswered , so we may have to simply wait and find out .
Also unclear was just how players can get in on these activities .
We were told some could be hot - joined ( joining the game while it is in progress ) and some would require players to queue up , though which was which was never explained .
Fun derived from these activities should be reward enough in and of itself , but for those of you who hate having fun and enjoyment , there will also be a reward system .
" We will be giving both tangible and intangible rewards from doing well in activities , " Stumme told us .
This would include , he said , skins for items that you might not be able to obtain elsewhere .
" We also want NPCS that are reacting to you .
If you just clean the floor with everybody at the bar brawl , you 'd want guys saying ' Just as soon as there stops being three of you , I 'm gonna knock your lights out next time .
'" It is extremely likely that these activities will also be linked to the Guild Wars 2 achievement system .
Achievements will function much like they have in other games – completing or mastering something will unlock an achievement so you can have a record of it .
Some may also unlock special titles for your character .
Achievements are , however , bound to your account and not your character , meaning you can't gain an achievement on two different characters on a single account .
The reason is due to the nature of some of the achievements ( one requires you to master every weapon - type in the game , and no single character can do that ) , and due to the nature of the branching gameplay .
There wo n't be any direct gameplay rewards from achievements , because if you 've received an achievement , then you 've mastered that aspect of the game , and wo n't need anything to be better at it .
Feats are another feature we discussed .
Feats are like little daily achievements that give the player more immediately achievable goals that reward the player with experience upon completion .
The feats vary depending on what you do .
" One of the feats is just a simple kill - count , " said Game Designer Curtis Johnson , explaining that as the player killed ten , twenty , a hundred enemies , they would complete that feat .
" As that goes on and players reach each threshold , they get harder and harder to achieve . "
There may also be feats for slaying a certain number of different types of enemies .
The idea is to both make casual players advance more efficiently in the time they are playing ( like rested experience in other games ) and to encourage a variety of actions .
Feats run in the background regardless of what you are doing , and will reset daily .
Personality is another aspect being introduced .
Previously known as diplomacy , in Guild Wars 2 , it serves to establish the type of character you are playing .
Over time , the way you respond to NPCs will categorize you as a certain personality archetype , and from there NPCs will act differently , and your actions towards them will change .
The example we were given was the " badass " character who would use intimidation to obtain food or an experience buff from an NPC .
A more honorable character might inspire the NPC to help , or talk them into it .
The end result is the same , but the means are different .
In that respect , personality is mostly cosmetic , but it aids players in getting into the spirit of their character .
If role - playing is your thing , then personality is going to help you define and maintain your role .
Finally , we discussed maps .
Maps may not be the most thrilling thing ever ( that honor goes to high - speed dinosaur shootouts in space ) , but in massive open - world MMOs , they 're an integral part of an enjoyable experience .
" While it 's not groundbreaking , " admits Game Designer Ben Miller , " it 's certainly a solid , core part of the overall game . "
For Guild Wars 2 , the team looked at a lot of the newer mapping technology that has sprung up throughout the internet , and have utilized many of the same techniques as sites like Yahoo and Google Maps to make it easy to use , including the ability to click - and - slide and zoom in .
Getting from one side of the map to another in the game world will likely require the use of an Asura Gate , which can be found in the main cities .
If we are to be honest , we were surprised by what we were told about the activities system .
Until now , Guild Wars had been sounding extremely layered , dense , and for a lack of a better word , serious .
Activities seem to provide an outlet for the developer 's wackier side , and let players blow off a little steam without getting bogged down in a massive quest .
We can't wait to try the game out for the first time at Gamescom this August .
What do you think about what you 've heard about Guild Wars 2 so far ?
Spill your brains in the comment section below .
The Incredible wait is finally at an end -- HTC 's finest handset on Verizon had proven quite the tough nut to crack , but at long last it has succumbed to the efforts of some industrious root - hungry coders .
You should be mindful that progress is still at a very early stage , and hacking your own Incredible is said to be both " very hard " and " not very repeatable . "
The important thing though , is that it 's happened , and we 're now probably only a few days removed from a user - friendly patch that lets us truly do whatever we might want with that handsome device .
They say roots are an important part of a balanced diet , and this one should go very nicely with a bit of Froyo , do n't you think ?
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
I 've turned off that old server .
If you 're missing something , ping me and I 'll dig it up .
Subscribe and get comics in your inbox .
Party Gorilla Oh , Party Gorilla !
[ irrelig ]
Wherein we engage active LDS member former LDS , current atheist Palmer in a debate about the Mormon “ plan of salvation , ” the church ’s involvement in Proposition 8 , and the “ translation ” of the Book of Abraham .
Palmer wanted to come on the show to make up for Sean ’s poor performance , which I believe is still a blight on the LDS Church .
For my part , I sound pretty tired .
I do n’t think I woke up until about halfway through the debate .
Vulture has learned that Sam Raimi has been offered the director ’s chair for Disney ’s Oz , the Great and Powerful , a prequel to the 1939 MGM classic The Wizard of Oz. Sam Mendes and Adam Shankman had both been speculated as contenders for the job , but insiders tell us that Raimi received the official offer earlier this morning .
The project is written by Mitchell Kapner ( The Whole Nine Yards , Romeo Must Die ) , and Joe Roth — who , of course , used to run Disney ’s studio back in the 1990s — is producing ;
Disney wants to start filming sometime this year .
It ’s unclear if Raimi will accept : Last July , he was hired by Warner Bros. - based Legendary Pictures to develop a film based on the wildly popular World of Warcraft video game , with the plan being that he ’d shoot it after he finished a fourth Spider - Man film at Sony .
Of course , in January it became clear that Raimi would not be directing Spider - Man 4 , leaving his next picture an open question .
Warner Bros. , meanwhile , has been developing two Oz - set films itself :
It has a project called Wizard of Oz set up with former Warner studio - exec - turned - producer Basil Iwanyk ( Clash of the Titans ) , with a script by Josh Olson ( A History of Violence ) .
And at the Warners - owned genre label , New Line Cinema , Twilight producers Marty Bowen and Wyck Godfrey have a project entitled simply Oz , with a script by Darren Lemke ( Shrek 4 ) .
By Captain Pyke | June 11 , 2010 - 10:39 pm
If you 're a Trek fan in the Arlington , Virginia area , be prepared to enjoy Star Trek films in the beauty of the outdoors .
The Crystal City Business Improvement District launched an eleven week outdoor film festival featuring none other than the entire Star Trek film franchise .
For those unfamiliar , Crystal City is a neighborhood in the southeastern corner of Arlington County , Virginia , south of downtown Washington , D.C .
Unfortunately we 're a little late to the game .
The series kicked of earlier this week with " Star Trek : The Motion Picture " on June 7th , but there 's still plenty of time to catch the rest of the series .
Next up , " Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan " on Monday , June 14th .
" Last summer ’s series was a smashing success with large crowds , a bigger screen and an even more powerful sound system , " said Angela Fox , President / CEO of the Crystal City BID .
" We are excited to showcase Crystal Screen : Star Trek and we ’re even more excited about next year ’s theme and allowing our fans to vote on the films to be included ! "
Check out below for more details .
Film Festival Details :
Location : Courtyard along S. Bell Street between 18th and 20th Streets – diagonal to the Crystal City Metro Station
Parking : Free garage parking available at designated Crystal City garages after 4:00 PM
Metro : Take the Yellow or Blue Line to Crystal City
Date / Time : Monday nights , Sundown
Weather : Rain or Shine ( except for severe inclement weather )
2010 Crystal Screen Outdoor Film Festival Schedule :
June 14 — Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan ( 1982 )
June 21 — Star Trek III : The Search for Spock ( 1984 )
June 28 — Star Trek IV : The Voyage Home ( 1986 )
July 5 — Star Trek V : The Final Frontier ( 1989 )
July 12 — Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country ( 1991 )
July 19 — Star Trek Generations ( 1994 )
July 26 — Star Trek : First Contact ( 1996 )
Aug. 2 — Star Trek : Insurrection ( 1998 )
Aug. 9 — Star Trek Nemesis ( 2002 )
Aug. 16 — Star Trek ( 2009 )
Special Activities
6/7/2010 - Announcement of Crystal Screen 2011 theme ; voting for the films to be included in the 2011 festival begins
6/21/2010 - Performance from the Washington Shakespeare Company ( in Klingon language )
6/28/2010 - Star Trek Scavenger Hunt in Crystal City ; Participants should arrive by 7 PM ;
The hunt begins at 7:15 PM
( Each team needs to bring a digital camera or phone with picture capabilities to participate . )
7/5/2010 - Performance from the Washington Shakespeare Company ( in Klingon language )
7/12/2010 - Washington Shakespeare Company presents Marc Okrand , creator of the Klingon language
7/26/2010 - Star Trek Costume Contest ; Participants should arrive by 7:15 PM ; Contest starts at 7:30 PM
8/9/2010 - Star Trek Trivia Night ; Participants should arrive by 7 PM ; Trivia starts at 7:15 PM
8/16/2010 - Announcement of voting results and films for Crystal Screen 2011
Check out more info here .
Mushroom processing to develop vitamin D .
Page / Link : Page URL : Page URL : HTML link : < a href= " https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Mushroom+processing+to+develop+vitamin+D.-a0181644708</a>
HTML link : Citations : MLA style : " Mushroom processing to develop vitamin D.. "
The Free Library .
2008 American Mushroom Institute 01 Oct. 2020 " Mushroom processing to develop vitamin D.. " .
2008 American Mushroom Institute 01 Oct. 2020 https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Mushroom+processing+to+develop+vitamin+D.-a0181644708
Chicago style : The Free Library .
S.v. Mushroom processing to develop vitamin D.. " Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from The Free Library .
S.v. Mushroom processing to develop vitamin D.. " Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Mushroom+processing+to+develop+vitamin+D.-a0181644708
APA style : Mushroom processing to develop vitamin D.. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from Mushroom processing to develop vitamin D.. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Mushroom+processing+to+develop+vitamin+D.-a0181644708
Figure 1 : UV - B Treatment of Portabella Mushrooms Comparing Three Intensities , Three Doses , Two Post - Harvest Times .
0.5 mW/cm2 0.75 mW / CM2 1 day 4 day 1 day 4 day PH PH PH PH 0.5 J/cm2 18.1 min 18.1 min 11.1 min 11.1 min 1 J/cm2 36.2 min 36.2 min 22.2 min 22.2 min 1.5 J/cm2 54.4 min 54.4 min 33.3 min 33.3 min 1.0 mW / CM2 1 day 4day PH PH 0.5 J/cm2 8.3 min 8.3 min 1 J/cm2 16.7 min 16.7 min 1.5 J/cm2 25.0 min 25.0 min Note : Table made from bar graph .
Figure 2 : Vitamin D concentration in mushrooms generated using an intensity of 0.75 mW /cm2 as a function of dose and storage time after treatment .
0 2 4 0.5 J/cm2 523 % 231 % 165 % 1 J/cm2 394 % 211 % 153 % 1.5 J/cm2 248 % 128 % 120 % Note : Table made from bar graph .
Figure 3 : Vitamin D concentration after receiving a dose of 1.5 J/cm2 as a function of intensity and storage after treatment .
0.5 J/cm2 1 J/cm2 1.5 J/cm2 0 - Day PT ( 1 PH ) 523 % 412 % 207 % 0 - Day PT ( 4 PH ) 523 % 394 % 248 % 2 - Day PT ( 1 PH ) 231 % 211 % 128 % 2 - Day PT ( 4 PH ) 312 % 235 % 137 % Note : Table made from bar graph .
More than 40 percent of American adults are deficient in vitamin D ( Allen , 2004 ) .
Vitamin D is important for calcium absorption and bone health , and vitamin D deficiency can lead to softening of the bone in children and adults as well as osteoporosis in adults .
Moreover , vitamin D has recently been linked to a significantly reduce the risk of breast cancer , colon cancer , and prostate cancer , autoimmune disease , and cardiovascular disease ( Holick , 2004 ) .
Vitamin D intake comes naturally from sunlight and a limited number of foods .
Dependency of sunlight as a vitamin D source is compromised for those avoiding sunlight or using sun block to reduce the risk of skin cancer .
Sunscreen with as little as a sun protection factor ( SPF ) of eight inhibits more than 95 percent of vitamin D production ( Holick , 2004 ; Sayre and Dowdy , 2007 ) .
Melanin acts like a sun block inhibiting ultraviolet light ( UV ) from penetrating deep enough in the skin for vitamin D to be produced .
Individuals with dark skin do not produce vitamin D at the same rate as those with lighter skin , and vitamin D deficiency in these population groups is a concern .
However , lighter - skinned populations are more susceptible to skin cancer and need to limit sun exposure or wear sunscreen , so vitamin D deficiency among those with lighter skin are also at risk .
Moreover , recent report stated that the elderly who are in living - assistance and nursing homes do not get enough sunlight and are at risk for vitamin D deficiency ( Holick , 2001 ) .
Mushroom consumption has increased over the past 30 years , particularly in the early 1990s following the general trend of increased fruit and vegetable consumption after studies showed reduced risks of cancer and heart disease for people having a diet rich in fruits and vegetables .
However , during the past four years this growth has been stagnant , and is projected to continue through 2012 according to recent forecast models .
The value ( price per pound ) of mushrooms has decreased over the past four years , as well .
Moreover , the rates of demand growth vs. supply growth do not bode well for the mushroom industry , as grower buying power is expected to erode significantly in the near future due to rising costs of production outstripping expected revenue from sales .
To stimulate the mushroom industry , there is a need to increases the value of mushrooms as well as demand .
Increase in demand will help growers at least maintain their current buying power , allowing them to farm , employ and serve as key recycling plants for years to come .
Natural food sources for vitamin D are limited to a few animal sources , such as some fish and fish liver oils .
A few foods , such as milk , cereal , and some fruit juices are fortified with vitamin D. Additional natural food sources are needed to help the public meet the required daily intake of vitamin D. Surprisingly when exposed to UV light , mushrooms have the capability to generate vitamin D naturally , offering a healthy food source for vitamin D to the public while adding value to the commodity in support of growers .
Description of WorkA published paper by Mau et al. ( 1998 ) showed that UV - B exposure of Agaricus bisporus mushrooms produced 12.48 [ mu ] g vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] / g of dried solid after two hour exposure time .
This long time is impractical from a commercial production standpoint and is perhaps due to the low intensity of UV - B used in the study , which was only 0.14 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] .
Extensive research has been conducted by Perera 's group to maximize the conversion of ergosterol to vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] using UV treatment on a variety of mushrooms ( Jasinghe and Perera , 2005 ; Jasinghe and Perera , 2006 ; Jasinghe , Perera , and Sablani , 2007 ) , however , in each of these studies they partially dried the mushrooms down to 78 - 80 percent moisture ( wet basis ) and then applied UV at an elevated temperature of 35 [ degree ]
C.
Such conditions are not desirable to mushroom producers selling fresh or minimally processed mushrooms , such as washed and sliced .
The Process Foods Research Unit at the USDA - ARS , Western Regional Research Center in Albany , CA recently conducted a study to determine the optimum conditions for UV - B treatment of fresh , raw mushrooms using higher intensities , which is soon to be published in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
The previous study using 0.14 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] for two hours equates to a dose of 1 J/[ cm.sup.2 ] .
Dosage ( J/[cm.sup.2 ] ) , which is intensity ( W/[ cm.sup.2 ] ) multiplied by time ( seconds ) , is the more proper parameter to investigate optimum UV treatment of mushrooms since comparisons of various intensity and time combinations can be made .
The specific objectives of this project were to study the effects of high intensity ( 0.5 , 0.75 , and 1.0 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] ) , dose ( 0.5 , 1.0 , and 1.5 J/[ cm.sup.2 ] ) , and post - harvest ( PH ) time ( one and four days ) on the vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] formation in Portabella mushrooms ( Agaricus bisporus ) as a result of UV - B exposure , as well as the vitamin [ D.Sub.2 ] degradation in treated mushrooms during storage .
The reason for investigating three intensities ( 0.5 , 0.75 , and 1.0 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] ) is to determine whether the amount of vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] generated would be the same for a given dosage independent of the intensity .
The intensities used in this study were much greater than the UV - B intensities reported in published papers ( 0.14 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] ) with the hypothesis that an equal dosage using higher intensity and shorter time will produce an equivalent amount of vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] .
Vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] generation with respect to post - harvest ( PH ) time , one and four days , was investigated to determine if the time between when the mushrooms are harvested to being treated with UV is a significant factor .
Agaricus bisporus mushrooms were obtained from Monterey Mushrooms , Inc . Through the University of San Francisco Veteran Affairs Medical Center , we had access to a small UV - B unit that has adjustable height from 6 inches to 18 inches with corresponding intensity range of 1 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] to 0.5 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] , respectively .
The results of vitamin [ D.sub2 ] generated with respect to intensity of applied UV - B , dose , and post - harvest time are provided in Figure 1 . [ GRAPHIC OMITTED ]
Within each intensity application , dose had the largest effect where more exposure converted more vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] from ergosterol .
A similar dosage across each intensity application resulted in similar vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] concentration .
Practical commercial production requires as short a treatment time as possible , and intensity was a major factor from this standpoint where the time it took to achieve a similar vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] concentration for similar dose exposure was significantly reduced as intensity increased .
Using an intensity of 1.0 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] at a dose of 0.5 J/[cm.sup.2 ] , the concentration of vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] produced was 3.83 [ mu] g/ g dry solids of mushrooms in 18 minutes .
Also , post - harvest time did not have a significant effect on vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] formation in mushrooms that were treated one and four days after harvest .
Also and more importantly from a commercial processing standpoint , the times it took to achieve 1 J/[ cm.sup.2 ] dose in this study were 36.2 , 22.2 , and 16.7 min. when using 0.5 , 0.75 and 1.0 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] , respectively , compared to two hours using 0.14 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] in the study by Mau et al. ( 1998 ) .
The lower final concentration of vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] formed ( Figure 1 ) in comparison to Mau et al. ( 1998 ) is probably due the lower available ergosterol on the button side of the mushrooms , as was the orientation in this study , compared to the available ergosterol in the gill - side of the mushrooms ( Mau et al. , 1998 ; Jasinghe and Perera , 2005 ) .
The reason button - side orientation was used in this study was to present a worse - case scenario processing condition , since it is likely that as mushrooms are processed on a continuous belt through a commercial UV unit the mushrooms will be oriented either button - side or gill - side .
Intensity does not appear to be a significant factor in final vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] concentration , which is expected since similar dosages equate different intensity treatments by varying the time of exposure .
There was no visible color difference between the mushrooms before and after UV - B treatment , as was reported by Mau et al. ( 5 ) , and the temperature of the mushrooms remained at room temperature throughout the treatment .
Figure 2 shows the retention of vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] in mushrooms exposed to 0.75 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] of UV - B for doses 0.5 , 1.0 and 1.5 J/[cm.sup.2 ] during storage at 36 [ degree ] F .
After four days of storage , there was still over 100 percent of the daily value of vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] in a single serving of mushrooms .
[ GRAPHIC OMITTED ]
Figure 3 shows the comparison study of vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] generation and degradation between one and four day post - harvest mushrooms treated using 0.75 mW /[ cm.sup.2 ] intensity at doses of 0.5 , 1.0 , and 1.5 J/[cm.sup.2 ] and after two days of refrigerated storage .
[ GRAPHIC OMITTED ]
In addition to providing important dose response data shown in Figure 1 , this study showed for the first time that there is no difference in vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] production between mushrooms treated one day after being harvested versus those treated four days after being harvested .
In addition , this is the first study to demonstrate that there is no difference in the retention of vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] after two days in refrigerated storage following UV treatment between three day old mushrooms ( one day post - harvest + two day storage ) and six day old mushrooms ( four day post - harvest + two day storage ) .
ConclusionUV light equipment is inexpensive and offers the mushroom industry an innovative and affordable means to increase significantly the value of their mushrooms .
This study provides mushroom producers useful processing information ( high intensity - short time and vitamin D degradation during storage ) as well as the flexibility after harvesting between one and four days to treat mushrooms with UV .
The mushroom industry has a tremendous opportunity of supplying the public with a natural , healthy source of vitamin D , as well as experiencing significant economic growth .
AcknowledgementWe would like to thank Monterey Mushrooms , Inc. and the Mushroom Council for their support of this research .
REFERENCESAllen , S. 2004 .
Vitamin D deficiency tied to host of dangers .
The Boston Globe , December 30 , 2004 .
Holick , M.F. 2001 .
Meeting the vitamin D needs of the elderly .
Nutrition and the M.D. , 27 : 1 - 4.Holick , M.F. 2004 .
Vitamin D : importance in the prevention of cancers , type 1 diabetes , heart disease , and osteoporosis .
American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , 79 : 362-371.Jasinghe , V.J. , and Perera , C.O. 2005 .
Distribution of ergosterol in different tissues of mushrooms and its effect on the conversion of ergosterol to vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] by UV irradiation .
Food Chemistry , 92:541-546.Jasinghe , V.J. , and Perera , C.O. 2006 .
UV irradiation : The generator of Vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] in edible mushrooms .
Food Chemistry , 95:638-643.Jasinghe , V.J. , Perera , C.O. , and Sablini , S.S. 2007 .
Kinetics of the conversion of ergosterol in edible mushrooms .
Journal of Food Engineering , 79 : 864-869.Mau , J.-L. , Chen , P.- R. , and Yang , J.-H. 1998 .
Ultraviolet irradiation increased vitamin [ D.sub.2 ] content in edible mushrooms .
J. Agric .
Food Chem. , 46:5269-5272.Sayre , R.M. , and Dowdy , J.C. 2007 .
Darkness at noon : Sunscreens and vitamin [ D.sub.3 ] .
Photochemistry and Photobiology , 83 ( 2 ) : 459.John S. Roberts ( 1 ) Arnaud Teichert ( 2 ) Tara H. McHugh ( 1 ) (1 ) USDA , Agricultural Research Service , WRRC Albany , CA(2 ) VAMC - NCIRE -UCSF , San Francisco , CA
We had a cry for help in the Cat Blogosphere this week that only underscores how important Adopt A Shelter Cat Month is .
A couple had six beautiful , indoor - only Siamese cats .
But then the husband died and the wife was unable to live alone .
Her son and daughter - in - law moved in , but the daughter - in - law was allergic so all the cats were unceremoniously dumped at a high - kill shelter .
Things were not looking good for them —
Siamese Rescue was called , but they did n’t have a foster available in Kentucky , where the cats were located .
Fortunately , the Black and Orange Cat Foundation posted about them in their blog , and once the Cat Blogosphere found out , many of us sounded the alarm .
While word was getting out , the two girl kitties were adopted , leaving four males with just days to live .
Fortunately , help was found and arrangements were made to pull the four remaining kitties early this week and place three of them in a foster .
The fourth cat , Bubba , shown below ?
He ’s already found a home in Illinois with Nico and JayJay .
Unfortunately , the only exceptional part of this story is that these cats were rescued .
Everything else — the fact that these were breed cats , that they were adults who were living a comfortable life one moment and on death row the next , that nobody tried very hard to find them homes before dumping them at the shelter — are all too horribly common .
And if word does not get out about them or an adopter does not step up , cats die .
This is why Adopt A Shelter Cat Month is so important — we need to raise awareness so that more lives can be saved .
For Adopt A Shelter Cat Month , many shelters are offering discounts for adoptions , or two - cats - for - one - fee deals .
Anything to encourage humans to adopt a kitty .
Many of you say you would like to help .
You can , even if you are maxed out and ca n’t adopt another cat — you can spread the word about shelter cats needing homes .
You can help promote shelter cat adoption in your community .
If you ’ve got a blog , write a post .
I really do believe that there is a human for every kitty in a shelter , which means there are humans out there needlessly going catless !
Help them out , and save a cat ’s life .
Do n’t forget — my June Shelter Cat Contest is still running !
If you are an adopted shelter cat , tell your story and you might win a PAWtographed copy of my first book !
Click here to find out all the details , and enter !
* * *
David Cameron has said the Conservatives and the Lib Dems share a number of policy aims .
Gordon Brown has said he is also ready to talk to the Lib Dems , pointing to " substantial common ground " .
So how do the three parties ' key policies compare ?
ON TAXES AND SPENDING
The Conservatives want to make an extra £ 6bn of efficiency savings in the current financial year .
They would reverse Labour 's planned 1 % rise in National Insurance ( NI ) , which they describe as a " tax on jobs " .
They want to raise the inheritance tax threshold to £ 1 m and incorporate an allowance to recognise marriage and civil partnerships in the taxation system .
The Tories also want to impose a public sector pay freeze .
Labour say to cut government spending before the country is well clear of recession could put the economic recovery at risk and would not begin to reduce the budget deficit until next April .
They say the NI rise is necessary to maintain investment in public services .
However , they say they would halve the annual spending deficit by 2014 through cuts to " lower - priority " spending .
The Lib Dems are opposed to reducing government spending and propose to delay this until 2011 - 12 .
They would not scrap the NI increase , although their manifesto recognises it as " a damaging tax on jobs and an unfair tax on employees " and would try to reverse it " when resources allow " .
They campaigned on making income tax " fairer " by allowing people to earn £ 10,000 tax - free , funded by a " mansion tax " .
They want to cap public sector pay rises at £ 400 .
Their plans for a local income tax to replace council tax are rejected by the other parties .
ON ELECTORAL REFORM
A shake - up of the voting system is likely to be the Lib Dems ' key bargaining tool in return for their support .
The Conservatives are opposed to reform of the current first - past - the - post system and have previously rejected the prospect of proportional representation ( PR ) .
However , Mr Cameron has talked of " compromise " , including the promise of a committee of inquiry on the subject .
His party 's plans for reform include reducing the number of MPs to 585 , cutting their pay by 5 % and making constituencies the same size .
Labour wants a referendum on the alternative vote system , to introduce fixed - term parliaments and to reduce the voting age to 16 .
The Lib Dems want to the single transferrable vote system of PR , to cut the number of MPs by 150 and to introduce fixed - term parliaments .
Mr Clegg has previously said that changing the voting system was a prerequisite for his party 's support .
ON EDUCATION Mr Cameron has said the Conservatives support the idea of a " pupil premium " which gives schools in England extra funding to take on children from disadvantaged backgrounds .
They also want to make it easier for parents to save closure - threatened schools and set up their own schools , and allow state schools to use international exams .
They want to provide an extra 10,000 English university places .
Labour also plan a local pupil premium , along with one - to - one and small - group tuition for every primary school child falling behind , personal tutors and choice of " good " qualifications for secondary age children .
They want to guarantee every young person education or training until 18 , with 75 % going on to higher education or workplace training by the age of 30 .
The Lib Dems want a pupil premium , specifying a sum of £ 2.5 bn to be given to head teachers to allow the average primary school class size in England to be cut to 20 .
They want to replace the national curriculum with a " minimum curriculum entitlement " in state - funded schools , with an independent authority brought in to oversee exam standards .
Mr Clegg 's party aim to scrap tuition fees within six years and scrap the target of 50 % of people going to university .
ON ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES
The Conservatives say they have a vision of a " low - carbon economy " , reducing carbon emissions by 80 % by 2050 , will block plans for a third runway at London 's Heathrow Airport and instead develop a high - speed rail line to connect the capital with Heathrow , as well as the cities of Birmingham , Manchester and Leeds .
They also support new nuclear power stations and carbon capture to make coal a " low - carbon " fuel .
Labour want to increase the UK's target of reducing carbon emissions by 34 % by 2020 , with 40 % of electricity coming from " renewables , nuclear and clean fossil fuels " by then .
They support Heathrow 's third runway , along with high - speed rail linking London , Birmingham , the East Midlands , Manchester , northern England and Scotland .
The Lib Dems want to create a " zero - carbon " Britain by 2050 , block new coal - fired power stations , unless accompanied by highest level of carbon capture , and reject new generation of nuclear power .
They ban airport expansion in the South East - including at Heathrow - and cut the roads budget to reopen closed railway lines , rather than directly creating a new high - speed line .
IN OTHER AREAS
The Conservatives oppose ID cards and would give innocent people the right to have their DNA removed from the national database .
They back the continued use of the Trident submarine nuclear deterrent .
They have pledged never to join the euro .
Labour want to press on with their ID card scheme and maintain the current rules on DNA data storage .
They too would fund a replacement for Trident .
They do not rule out joining the euro but promise a referendum on the matter .
The Lib Dems oppose ID cards and would remove the genetic fingerprints of innocent people from the DNA database .
They say Britain should look at alternatives to Trident , with the support of European allies .
The party is supportive of joining the euro but has promised a referendum .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
You know Isle Grande Terre , Louisiana , from the unbelievable pictures of oiled birds taken there last week .
It ’s also the island just to the east of Grand Isle , which I ’ve been reporting on since oil made landfall there several weeks ago .
I wanted to check up on Grande Terre , and so to get there , and avoid a BP escort , yesterday I got in a kayak with my intrepid former literature professor from the University of New Orleans and paddler extraordinaire , Dr. John Hazlett .
On the way , we beached ourselves on an uninhabited spit near Grand Isle State Park .
It was completely covered in oil , and there were no cleanup crews in sight .
Nor was there any boom across Barataria Pass , which is a gateway to wetlands :
After a while , a Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries employee trailing half a dozen big & tall men behind her appeared .
She flagged us down and told us nobody should be walking on that beach because it was a wildlife reserve .
Which , considering the amount of oil ( massive ) and level of cleanup taking place ( none ) , was pretty alarming .
Plus , as a big guy next to her wearing a shirt from ES&H , the main cleanup contractor here , said , “ We do n’t need this on camera . ”
Which is why BP ’s contractors have their workers on a gag order : because sometimes they say stupid shit like that .
We paddled on and pulled up on Grande Terre , where the oil stretched as far as we could see in deep dark pools .
We encountered a cleanup crew supervisor gunning around on his ATV , who said there were all of 30 workers on the whole island , which he said is five miles long .
For the hour we walked around , only three of them were working anyway , while the rest sat in the shade .
And the work consisted of somewhat haphazardly laying down paper towels .
[ Update / clarification :
Though the workers referred to them as paper towels , they are indeed slightly thicker , oil - absorbent pads , as several commenters have pointed out .
Since that would n’t be clear to everyone from the pictures , I should have been less cheeky and more specific :
These are very fancy towels that a few dudes are dropping along the shore to combat the multimillion - gallon spill . ]
Also , we found a dead dolphin .
That was about all we could take , what with a heat index of 105 and the rowing we had to do back to Grand Isle and I was already getting a little woozy .
At least I kept my wits enough about me to remember to keep my mouth closed when waves splashed water thick with oil into my face .
I suppose the 60 or so dolphins swimming the pass with us do n’t have that option ; things got a little ( more ) depressing in the kayak when we saw that they were blowing it out through their holes .
They ’d probably like to take the double scrubbing - down with dishwashing liquid we took when we got home , too .
Welcome to Gorgacce Rentals , we aim to find you the perfect holiday rental villa in Tuscany & Umbria , Italy .
We specialise in holiday lettings on the Tuscany Umbria border .
Most of our villas are located in the breathtaking countryside between Cortona , Lake Trasimeno and the town of Umbertide .
Please enter the number of people and your dates into our filtered search to Find Available Villas .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
MAGNA --
Two crashes during a charity motorcycle ride , one involving a Roy police officer , sent two people to the hospital Saturday .
Sgt. Sheldon Riches with the Utah Highway Patrol says the officer was with other law enforcement leading the pack of riders participating in the 59th annual " Ride for a Cure " for the Muscular Dystrophy Association .
The riders were on state Route 201 near 6980 West headed towards Wendover when they approached slowed traffic just after 2 p.m.
Officer John Frawley swerved to the right shoulder to avoid the stopped vehicles in front of him , but his bike went down .
Witnesses say 56 - year - old Danny Pierce was just behind the officer and witnessed the crash .
" Saw him go down and was watching him and witnesses say as he was watching him , other traffic started to stop , " said Riches .
Pierce looked up to see the stopped traffic and slammed on his brakes , but he crashed as well .
Riches says Pierce was knocked unconscious for a few moments , but a trained paramedic who had been riding just behind him rushed to his assistance .
" There was a Davis County paramedic on the ride .
He rendered aid immediately and we [ flew ] that individual to University Hospital , " Riches said .
Pierce was wearing a half helmet and suffered head and abdominal injuries .
He is currently in serious condition .
Frawley suffered some road rash to one of his arms was taken to Intermountain Medical Center by ambulance .
He was wearing full protective gear , including a helmet .
Traffic backed up while the medical helicopter landed , resulting in three minor crashes involving cars .
Everyone involved in those crashes was OK .
This is the second motorcycle charity ride in the past three weeks that has resulted in injuries .
In mid-May , three bikers were hurt when they crashed during the " Shriners Kids Ride " in Parley 's Canyon near Kimball Junction .
None of those riders was wearing a helmet .
E-mail : sdallof@ksl.com
-----
View Larger Map
×
Sometimes , drugging children pays off .
David Devore — whose laughing gas YouTube video went viral — earned his family $ 150,000 from his fleeting internet fame .
The Business Insider breaks down where the money came from , and how the DeVores spent it .
Young 7 - year old David DeVore just came out of dental surgery and was sitting in the backseat of his father 's car .
" Is ... is this real life ? "
David asks his father .
The existential question was one of many posed by David in a state of delirium , and his father happened to be recording it all on a Flip camera .
Today , the DeVores are asking themselves that same question after raking in close to $ 150,000 since January 30 , 2009 when young David 's father — also named David — uploaded the video of his son onto YouTube .
" I 'd say about $ 100,000 of that ( is from YouTube ) , " the elder David DeVore tells us over the phone .
" The rest is licensing and merchandise . "
While they were n't too creative with the title of the video , " David After Dentist , " the DeVores have been innovative in turning their once - in - a - lifetime viral video into a money - machine .
Initially , the video was meant to be shared amongst friends and family .
At the time , however , YouTube 's only alternative to sharing a video with the world was to share it with just 25 people .
So , instead of setting " David After Dentist " as " Private , " the video went " Public " for everyone to see .
The one seemingly minor decision to make the video available all over the Internet set off a whirlwind of changes for the DeVore family .
Within just four days , " David After Dentist " received 3 million views on YouTube and the younger David quickly became an Internet celebrity .
His father quit his job in residential real estate ( did we mention they live in Florida ? ) , and the family started selling t- shirts featuring cartoon drawings of their son post - dental surgery .
The DeVores , however , say the licensing deals for their video fell right into their laps .
Their largest deal came from a Vizio Super Bowl ad featuring several other Internet celebrities , such as the " Numa Numa Guy . "
In total , they received around $ 8,000 and young David DeVore , already used to the on - screen exposure , was seen by millions during the biggest game of the year .
The DeVores revealed to us that they just signed a deal to make medical scrubs for dentists , and they 're also looking for deals with other dental products in the future .
" We 'd love it if Crest or Colgate would sponsor the website , " David tells us .
While his family is busy finding ways to monetize off the video 's success , the younger David is just trying to live like a normal 9 - year old kid .
After finishing the 3rd grade on the honor roll , David is on summer break and just attended football camp in Tampa Bay .
He is also taking guitar lessons though that does n't necessarily translate to more on - camera time for the young viral star .
" He 's not interested in becoming a TV star , he 's just a regular kid , " his father tells us .
" He 's got other things that interest him . "
The father speaks very highly of his wife and two sons , and he is extremely grateful for the video 's wild success .
" We do look at it as a blessing , in a crazy 21st century way , " says David .
" It 's allowed me to have the flexibility and freedom to be with my family . "
In addition , the DeVores have donated close to a total of $ 7,000 to their church , David 's school , a local dentist , and Operation Smile — an NGO dedicated to healing facial deformities such as cleft lip .
They 're also open to posting videos of aspiring musicians or performers looking for exposure onto their YouTube channel which , according to David , still attracts 100,000 - 125,000 views a day .
[ Republished from www.businessinsider.com]
Remember that One Laptop Per Child ( OLPC ) tablet concept we showed you back in December ?
Today the company has announced a partnership with silicon solutions maker Marvell that will make that concept a reality by 2011 — and for just $ 100 per device .
The OLPC XO - 3 tablet computers will debut at the Consumer Electronics Show in January .
The hardware is being produced by Marvell using its Moby Platform , featuring a built - in camera for video conferencing , and support for 3D graphics and Flash .
Marvell co-founder Weili Dai also told The New York Times that the first version of the tablet would be equipped with Google 's Android operating system .
From the looks of it , the device will be ultra thin .
OLPC's Chairman Nicholas Negropante says the tablet will be part laptop , iPad and Kindle .
He also hopes that the company will be able to produce 100 % plastic devices by 2012 , reduce the cost to $ 75 and include a dual mode display so that the tablet will work both in the sunlight and at night .
Watch the video below for more information on the tablet .
The ALP has taken its attack on Opposition Leader Tony Abbott to social media , launching what is believed to be the first party - sanctioned fake Twitter account .
The Labor Party set up @ Phoney_Tony last week after Mr Abbott 's appearance on The 7.30 Report , in which he told Kerry O'Brien that what he said in interviews was not always " gospel truth " .
The Phoney Tony account has some accusing the ALP of turning to gutter politics , while others are simply wondering if a political party is funny enough to pull off something like this .
This morning @ Phoney_Tony had a modest following of 235 tweeps .
His tweets , which the ALP confirms are posted by a team of campaign staff , make mention of his " good friend Malcolm " and " loyal Julie " .
In an example from yesterday , he says : " I was doing so well arguing against the mining tax , I 've decided to talk about asylum seekers #qt " .
While many Australian politicians have attracted fake Twitter accounts - there is already Fake Steve Fielding , Fake Stephen Conroy , Fake Penny Wong , to name a few - Phoney Tony is the first known account set up by a rival political party .
A Labor Party spokesman says social media has a huge following and it would be ridiculous to ignore it as a communication tool .
He says using humour in an election campaign is nothing new .
But a lecturer in Digital Communication at the University of Wollongong , Jason Wilson , says the jokes will probably fall flat .
Mr Wilson says the ALP is unlikely to be able to cut it in the humour stakes against the likes of Fake Fielding et al .
" If you 're trying for political points , you 're going to miss the mark in terms of humour , " he said .
" The comedy is front and centre with Fake Fielding , but what 's going to be front and centre with Phoney_Tony - it 's probably going to be running ALP lines about Tony Abbott .
" The comedy that we get from people like Fake Fielding is actually better because we know that it 's not aimed at a partisan result .
In effect they 're just trying to get laughs rather than score political points .
That 's probably what makes it funnier . "
In fact , Mr Wilson says he has spoken to the people behind accounts such as Fake Fielding and Fake Andrew Bolt .
" They 've said that they do n't think that they 're having any kind of political effect and they 're really just doing it for the laughs , " he said .
But Mr Wilson warns that Twitter and the world of satire can be a risky business .
" I 'm sure a lot of people are going to be following to see if the ALP does anything untoward , drops any clangers , " he said .
" The thing about satire is it 's a dangerous game .
We 've seen satirists get in trouble lately for taking it too far .
" Is the ALP going to say or do something inappropriate or untoward using this parody account that 's actually going to provide ammunition for the other side ? "
Back in the Twittersphere , there was a mixed response to the Phoney Tony account , with some accusing the ALP of mud-slinging and others backing the move .
" It 's just more gutter politics .
I 'd love to say it 's an ALP thing , but both sides have been doing it for years .
It stinks , " @wombat1974 said .
" It 's no different to any other tactics used by a political party to mock their opponents .
Say using [ Opposition ] quotes in ads , " @purserj said .
" There is absolutely no way I would vote for any Liberal Party candidate while @ Phoney_Tony is the leader , " @megstev said .
By Rick Gethin
The search for a new man behind the Blue Jackets bench is entering it ’s final phase .
Manitoba Moose head coach Scott Arniel was the first of five to interview for the vacant coaching position in Columbus .
He ’s had a second meeting with the management team and is waiting for the word from Blue Jackets GM Scott Howson on whether he ’s “ The Man ” .
As both sides are issuing “ no comment ” regarding the interview process , as well they should , I contacted a man who has known Arniel since 2000 as an assistant coach with the Moose .
Ken Wiebe is a Sports Reporter for the Winnipeg Sun and was kind enough to help shed some light on a prominent contender and quite possibly the front - runner for the Head Coach position .
Scott Arniel has been around and paid his dues , both as a player and as a coach .
He played junior hockey with the Cornwall Royals , skating alongside Dale Hawerchuk , Marc Crawford and Doug Gilmour .
The team won consecutive Memorial Cups in 1980 and 1981 .
Ken said that like many hockey players “ He can be a fiery guy and he hates to lose , but he ’s grown a great deal over the last four seasons .
He ’s a real student of the game and has a good hockey IQ ” .
THW ’s Derek Jung has more info and player quotes about Arniel here .
While an assistant coach with the Buffalo Sabres , Arniel worked under the aptly named Lindy Ruff .
The good news for Blue Jackets fans is that he played a big role with the successful Buffalo power play , which had the likes of Daniel Briere and Brian Campbell on it .
He returned to the Manitoba Moose after four years with Buffalo in 2006 .
Ken made the point that with all of the roster turnover / call - ups in the AHL , a coach has to be flexible with his system .
He also said “ Arniel ’s preference is to play an up - tempo , attacking game .
Obviously , there is a defensive structure but he ’s not a guy that likes his team to sit back and clog up the neutral zone .
I would call him more of an offensive - minded coach but his teams always pay attention to detail in the defensive zone ” .
This would seem to be an indication that his style fits with the way that Scott Howson is building this Blue Jackets team .
Columbus started playing a more up - tempo game towards the tail - end of the 2009 - 2010 season .
Ken goes on to say “ The most talented team he coached ( and most experienced ) was the one that went to the Calder Cup final in 2009 .
That team had plenty of offense and also did a nice job keeping the puck out of their net . ”
In just his third year as a Head Coach , he was named the AHL ’s Coach of the Year in 2009 .
This year was a bit different , but he still managed to get the most out his players .
“ This season was filled with changes , constant insertion of new ( often ECHL - calibre ) players and the team still managed to make the playoffs ” , said Wiebe , “ and nearly pulled off a big upset of the first - place Hamilton Bulldogs in Round 1 . ”
This shows the kind of character that is inherent in Arniel .
He added this gem , “ I can honestly say that without Cory Schneider in goal and Scott Arniel behind the bench , the Moose probably would have missed the playoffs this season .
Most players agree Arniel had to do a lot more teaching in 2009 - 10 “ .
“ He ’s a good motivator and he also does a great job reading the pulse of a team .
Admittedly , he ’s not a big motivational speech giver ” , said Ken .
“ But he ’s not afraid to voice his concerns and he certainly knows when to tear the paint off the wall and when a player needs a pat on the back . ”
But what about his leadership abilities , you ask ?
Ken left me with this .
“ Regarding leadership , this is a guy who has been a captain often during his playing career and was also a player / assistant at various points , so he ’s a pretty stable leader . ”
There you have the definitive answer to Scott Arniel from someone who knows the man .
He has the drive and the vision to take the next step into the NHL coaching ranks .
His style and system would seem to fit nicely with the young team that resides in Columbus .
Kevin Dineen has a bit of a temper , going so far as to get suspended by the AHL .
To have that fire is not altogether a bad thing , but it needs to be tempered when coaching at this level .
Guy Boucher has yet to have a first interview with Scott Howson , but it ’s coming soon .
He ’s also only had one year as a Head Coach in the AHL .
With it being no secret that he ’s in line for the Montreal Canadiens coaching position eventually , he might decide to stay within the Montreal organization and get some seasoning .
And lastly , I believe if Claude Noel were to be the new Columbus head coach , it would ’ve already been announced .
My grateful thanks must go to Ken Wiebe ( Winnipeg Sun ) for the invaluable insight he provided .
Aristotle ’s remarks in his Politics struck me as quaint and almost silly when I first read them in college :
The statesman or legislator must mold his subjects like a potter molding a vase ( book 7 , part 4 ) , and must shape future citizens by prescribing their education , even down to what kind of music they should be taught ( book 8 , part 3 ) .
The goal of politics is to perfect virtue ( book 7 , part 1 ) according to the constitution ( monarchy , aristocracy , democracy ) that is best suited to the basic temperament of the citizens ( book 3 , part 7 ) .
At the time I laughed , thinking that the state was just an impartial referee .
It caught criminals and fought our enemies .
Boy , was I wrong , on both counts :
The legislator of course is not an impartial referee , and the laws do shape citizens , down to their very character .
The American character
Coltishness , and not suspicion , is the typically American characteristic .
Anyone who has traveled to the poorer parts of the world , or who has merely flipped through National Geographic for that matter , is familiar with that pinched , distrustful frown of those on the edge of life who want to know :
Are you a threat or a benefit ?
We are different .
In 1989 , a friend and I were walking through the village of Eisenach , visiting the birthplace of J.S. Bach , in what was then East Germany .
Approaching us on the sidewalk in the distance was a young man : Smiling , swinging his arms , and bouncing up on his toes with each step .
I turned to my friend and said , “ Twenty dollars says this jackass is one of ours . ”
And so it was .
The Innocents Abroad ( ... Mark Twain Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 2.72 ( as of 05:50 EST - Details )
Our readiness to smile and wave , and our genial impulsiveness , may make us the butt of European jokes ( famously : Otto von Bismarck ‘s “ God has a special providence for fools , drunkards , and Americans ” ) , but at the same time they earn us a kind of admiring indulgence .
Even when we are held in the very fist of power in a strange country , this character , this indulgence , are evident .
Consider James Stewart , playing the American doctor Ben MacKenna ( and Doris Day as his corn-fed , wholesome wife ) in Hitchcock ’s The Man Who Knew Too Much ( 1956 ) , dressing down a Moroccan police inspector at about 6:45 in this clip .
He thinks that he can just state the truth and walk out !
What a puppy !
Or consider Patrick Swayze , playing the American doctor Max Lowe , getting up in the face of the Indian landlord who threatens to shut down his free clinic , in this clip from City of Joy ( 1992 ) .
Gawd , doctor , do n’t you know this man can crush you like a bug ?
Hundreds of examples like this could be provided , starting from Twain ’s The Innocents Abroad .
The point of these foreign comparisons is not for contrast - gaining against other nationalities , but to better illustrate ourselves .
As Santayana says , travel forces philosophical reconsideration upon us .
The contrast can provide a present - day direct reference for bringing our national character into focus .
Another , indirect , way to do this is to compare ourselves to the past .
Look into the faces of these merchants from the dawn of capitalism : Drer ’s merchant Oswolt Krel ; Holbein ’s merchant Georg Gisze ; Gossaert ’s merchant ; Petrus Christus ’ goldsmith ; and finally Jacques Coeur .
There is a ferocious caution in the eyes of these men , any of whom could have been crushed and their wealth confiscated at any time , given the precarious status of property at the time .
Especially poignant is the story of Jacques Coeur , whose financial genius and fortune held fifteenth century France together until he was destroyed by the envious courtiers of Charles VII .
( And where is the historical novel telling his story ?
And — up until a few years ago at least — where was his biography ?
Lost in that great chronicle of neurotic kings and bloodthirsty warriors . )
Now , compare those faces with these portraits in the Great Hall of the New York Chamber of Commerce .
True , most of them are not the material of great biographies .
But the very fact that they are commonplace and still exude the image of power and confidence in property is a testament to the triumph of capitalism not too many generations ago .
Will this last ?
How many millionaires of today would think the title of “ captain of industry ” a sneer instead of an accolade ?
Or try this simple test : Draw up a list of the ten greatest biographies from the United States of 200 years ago and compare it to a similar list from the present .
Is the moral seriousness of George Washington found in any man alive today ?
Does the character of Huck Finn still live in us ?
And more to the point of our discussion here , what the heck do the laws have to do with it ?
The shaping power of the law : direct power is unnecessary
The “ general and permanent ” laws of the federal government that are codified as positive law are a subset of the 50 “ titles ” of the U.S. Code .
And this Code is a subset of the entire chronological list of laws , staggeringly enumerated in the United States Statutes at Large .
In addition to these , and just as valid , are the rules issued by the agencies of the federal government , collected in the Federal Register , which is over 80,000 pages in length .
Naturally , laws and rules often overlap , most conspicuously in the Tax Code , which may be over nine million words , though nobody knows for sure .
In none of this is there any statement so bald and indiscreet as to suggest that you and your goods are owned by the state .
But some threat of force must stand behind all these myriad laws and rules .
Examples of jackbooted use of force by the police at every level of government are depressingly abundant on the Internet , and victims do find their activity and very likely their characters “ shaped ” by this encounter .
But such ham - fisted methods are otiose when the IRS , at the direction of any official , can reinterpret the rules to threaten your property , or when routine encounters with the police result in preemptive “ takings ” of your property .
Examples of the former : The Western Journalism Center , whose tax - exempt status was threatened after its criticisms of the Clinton administration ; Paula Jones , who was audited after revealing Clinton ’s assault on her in 1997 ; Katherine Prudhomme , who faced an IRS audit after embarrassing Gore and Clinton at a town hall meeting in 2000 ; the NAACP , whose tax - exempt status was threatened when its Chairman Julian Bond criticized George Bush in 2004 — not to mention the master in using this tool , Dick Nixon .
The stress of these threats are sometimes enough to drive their victims to suicide : For example , Bruce Barron , Mitch Snyder , Denise J. Simon , and Finn Caspersen .
As for “ takings , ” consider the IRS ’s power of jeopardy assessment , or more generally , see Richard A. Epstein ‘s eponymous book .
Considering this caprice in the devastating application of law that sometimes its own functionaries do not understand , it is no wonder that the IRS is the most feared apparatus of the state .
The shaping power of “ social engineering ”
“ Social engineering ” often means government manipulation of public education , not to impart knowledge , but to shape the attitudes of children .
Sheldon Richman ’s Separating School and State and others give ample evidence of that , as do the originators of the phrase , Josef Stalin and Deng Xiaopeng .
Here we begin to approach the modern version of Aristotle ’s “ legislator as demiurge . ”
The freely admitted purpose of shaping attitudes for democracy by the AFT , by the NEA , and by other teachers ’ unions , which are all very much agencies of the state , not just because of their union power but because they make up a good block of all delegates to the conventions of the two largest political parties , sound very much like Trotsky ’s ranting for the “ New Socialist Man , ” when he proclaimed that under his system “ the average human type will rise to the heights of an Aristotle , a Goethe , or a Marx . ”
The Failure of the New ... Henry Hazlitt Best Price : $ 4.85 Buy New $ 8.89 ( as of 07:45 EST - Details )
The most critical tool for “ shaping ” mass democracies
Subtler than the foregoing in molding the very personalities of citizens of mass democracies is the division of “ public ” and “ private ” morality , a tool which works in three ways .
When I raised questions ( swiped from Henry Hazlitt ’s The Failure of the New Economics ) in my first “ macroeconomics ” class in college , I saw how most students became bored or indifferent to the entire subject of economics because it made a frontal assault on their common sense .
So , you ’ve been taught that thrift is virtuous ?
Sorry — does n’t apply here .
You think that government indebtedness is a vice ?
Sorry , that does n’t work in this field .
Often teachers of this new wisdom — starting with Keynes himself — made a point of ridiculing those who espoused such bourgeois views .
In nearly every other field , your common sense is fundamental to crossing the bridge from ignorance to knowledge .
But not in the science that is most critical to the defense of freedom .
Conversely , it is its basis in common sense that makes Austrian economics such a breath of fresh air to those who are jealous of their freedoms .
In the first application of this tool , the division of public and private morality enrolls all those adolescent dreamers as patriot arms of the state .
Those who are willing to submerge their “ private ” sense of morality to the needs of the state create the pilots to firebomb cities , the killers to do “ black ops ” for the CIA , and the personalities like Gordon Liddy , who admitted he would have had no problem murdering journalist Jack Anderson , who was an inconvenience to the Nixon administration .
Such people are not like those who espouse the “ Auschwitz prison guard excuse ” of “ just following orders . ”
They are different in that they feel a mystic union of themselves with the power of the state .
Typical of them are the ( largely male ) readers of Tom Clancy novels , whose ( unintentionally ) hilarious plots feature one man ’s ability to single - handedly turn an entire bureaucracy to do right , as he dreams it to be .
In the second way , the division of public and private morality cuts off the natural ascent of men of virtue into public office .
Under this division , holders of high office do not have the conspicuous integrity and honesty that mark a community leader — traits which Aristotle specifically emphasizes for his contention that politics is the culmination of ethics .
They are Kennedy ’s “ best and the brightest , ” those who know better than the rest ; they are the Charlie Wilsons who steal tax dollars to arm the mujahedeen because they know what ’s “ right for America . ”
The addiction to womanizing so common among this caste is not so much a forgivable failing that should not greatly interest us , as an expression of their aloofness from conventional rules of behavior .
Finally , through this ethical bifurcation the virtue of tolerance is elevated above all others in order to prevent arguing our deepest convictions in the public forum .
Those convictions are forced into the status of belief , which “ tolerance ” places off - limits to debate , when they should be forced into the status of principles , which should be subject to the most public and vigorous debate .
Thus a principled man like Ron Paul is made to seem like a religious crank .
Thus the courteous argumentation that builds mutual respect and a common passion for the truth never takes place .
Tolerance so - called creates a “ truth ” for your gated community , and another one for mine .
It directly defies any imperative to will your standard of right and wrong as a universal law .
The Stoics : A Guide fo ...
Holowchak , M. Andrew Best Price : $ 14.87 Buy New $ 17.95 ( as of 05:55 EST - Details )
All of the minutia of controlling education and the arts —
Aristotle ’s dreams for soul - shaping curricula , like all dreams of this ilk , including Plato ’s eugenics for the benefit of the state , and Tommaso Campanella ’s soul - shaping art in The City of the Sun — are swept aside by this thrifty dichotomy .
As long as morality is private , all art becomes purely decorative .
A preference for Vladimir Tendryakov is no better than one for Chuck Palahniuk ; Dali is no better than Andres Serrano ; Aristide Maillol is no better than Joseph Beuys .
Any serious discussion of their merits would put the ( bourgeois and commonsensical ) individual mind on equal footing with “ experts ” in the state - sanctioned universities .
With a strategic investment in education and patronage that equivocate real merit , resorting to detailed , hard - to - enforce prescriptions is unnecessary .
The simple linchpin idea , based on a misconception of tolerance , is etched repeatedly in the mind by nearly every TV show , movie , and novel .
The last refinement in the lawgiver ’s shaping of the soul
When Charlton Heston gave an address to the NRA on December 7 , 1997 , he conducted an interesting thought experiment .
He first innocently asked how many own a gun .
Then he paused and asked how many did own a gun , but thought better of revealing this in public .
He drew an eloquent lesson :
You have been assaulted and robbed of the courage of your own convictions .
Your pride in who you are , and what you believe , has been ridiculed , ransacked , and plundered .
It may be a war without bullet [s ] or bloodshed , but there is just as much liberty lost :
You and your country are less free .
The application of the law in , say , a speeding ticket , is fairly random .
Not all speeders are ticketed , and some very minor speeding offenses are .
But the law which forces the driver to be alert to the possibility of such a ticket is very different from laws which are multitudinous and which intrude on behavior formerly regulated by custom and convention .
Is there a working man anywhere in a modern democracy who does n’t know that one politically incorrect word to the wrong woman in the workplace can get him sued ?
Because the law stands athwart an area that used to be monitored by mores and ordinary courtesy , it enforces a self - monitoring in its subject citizens , who must be alert to the many directions from which countless ill - defined laws may strike .
No forced , government - mandated implant in the brain is necessary :
The subject citizen , without firing a shot in opposition , without murmuring a word in public debate , is unconsciously enslaved by his own will .
Our public faces may not yet be unconsciously stamped by the Deutsche Blick of several generations ago , but in a very significant way we have already lost many freedoms , which no radio talk show blather can recover .
What is the tool for withdrawal ?
In a nation where government exacted about 5 % in import taxes , when laws were clear and few and aspired to be the culmination of common - sense notions of right and wrong , the customary shapers of our character ruled :
Our parents , our teachers , our literature , music , and sports .
This is no longer the case .
We are no longer the free people who are unafraid to speak up for the right , who are jealous of our freedoms .
Violent self - defense is a reflexive response to tyranny .
But even if an exasperated citizenry were forced to this legitimate last recourse , it may very well fail to undo the insidious influence of the laws as described above .
Also , a violent response is a frontal assault against the state ’s greatest point of strength .
To illustrate : Many of the swelling ranks of the domestic armies will be Iraq - Afghanistan veterans .
They have returned , miffed that they could n’t get their hands on America ’s enemies ; but now you ’re here : surly , uncooperative , with a family in tow .
Who ’s gonna win that one ?
Violence is a tar baby :
It will further entangle you in a system that knows the language of violence very well .
Furthermore , it ’s unnecessary .
tienne de La Botie , the philosopher of the nonviolence of Gandhi and Martin Luther King , clearly demonstrated that all governments , no matter how brutally in control they may be , must have the support of their subject citizens to stay in power .
All that is required to topple them is to simply withdraw that support .
The key question is :
What twenty - first century tools will make this happen , tools which are just as effective as nonviolent confrontation was in the last century ?
Democracy u2013 The Go ... Hans - Hermann Hoppe Best Price : $ 24.77 Buy New $ 37.61 ( as of 09:25 EST - Details )
The limitations of voluntaryism
One response contends that almost any peaceful civic activity , such as voting , is almost as counterproductive as violence .
It says that there is little that we can do to improve public matters , that , like Voltaire ’s Candide , we can only “ cultivate our garden . ”
This is also the response of “ voluntaryism . ”
It holds that all coercion , especially that of the state , is immoral , and that we must withdraw our support .
Yes , certainly , but how specifically ?
Voluntaryist John A. Pugsley provided a list of 15 ways to withdraw support from the state .
Among the more practical of these suggestions :
Do n’t buy government debt , ( legitimately ) avoid taxes , create or at least patronize alternatives to government services like the post office , and educate by personal example .
Others seem very problematic :
Do n’t patronize businesses which have contracts with the government , do n’t use public libraries , engage in civil disobedience , and become an expatriate .
In spite of this , Pugsley ’s voluntaryist article is at least right in asking the absolutely critical question :
What specifically are the tools for withdrawal of support from the state ?
Conversely , one might arrange it so that the government does n’t want the support of people like you .
Do the equivalent of a union shop slowdown : Courteously obey the laws with the intent to turn the laws against themselves .
Always drive 10 miles per hour below the speed limit .
( You can leave early and listen to Murray Rothbard on audio tape or get him on iTunes . )
Make the traffic cameras an expense to the state , instead of a cash cow .
Go as slowly as possible through airport security ( “ Gosh , five times through the scanner , and it was that darned money clip ! ” ) .
Send 10 pages of useless documents with your census report and give a muddled reply to every question .
But the foregoing highlights the weakness of voluntaryism :
It is essentially peevishness , orneriness .
And it will stay that way until we discover a tool for withdrawal of support that will be as effective as nonviolent confrontation .
The tool within the self
Lila Rajiva describes five responses of intellectual self - defense that are a kind of jujitsu , a side - stepping of those charging at you with ill intent .
While she does n’t describe her approach as a philosophy , it certainly does rest on a consistent general outlook , and it is not at all voluntaryist .
A reconsideration of how we are to mold our own characters is the best antidote against the state ’s insidious efforts to do so .
This approach must avoid the doctrinaire aspects of voluntaryism , which not only would keep you out of the public libraries but would preclude any effort to promote Ron Paul or anyone like him in the public arena .
This begins with a principle of non-activity :
Our resources are limited , and most activity will only entangle you in the institutional web of defeat .
I am thinking of the wu-wei of Daoism .
But if you like , find your first principle in the prohairesis of Epictetus : Nothing can truly disturb you except that you will your assent to it ; and for the most part this assent is not given ; it is not acting .
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
In any case , think that you carry with you a small crowbar :
What can you possibly do against the armor of the state ?
For the most part , nothing .
But your apparent lassitude protects a vigilant mind that will one day see the crack in this hardened armor .
The opportunity will come naturally , effortlessly .
And you will know how to pry it apart .
How is that applied , specifically ?
Not by wasting time and resources in unfocused activity , but by working only the chinks in the armor .
Stand fast in “ the thicket of the law ” while we still have a remnant : Support groups like the Oath Keepers , who instill an awareness of the Constitution in those who wield the force of the state ; the Second Amendment Foundation ; the Internet Freedom Coalition ; the Center for Constitutional Rights .
Or think how an inexpensive seed will grow to split concrete :
Give to open one student ’s eyes through Birthright Unplugged .
Again , what is the tool for withdrawal ?
“ But look ! ” you say .
“ See how you yourself have been molded by the very laws you complain of !
I do n’t want to be like that — I do n’t want to hide myself , I want to say out loud that congressman Blodgett is an ass .
I want to get up in the face of the clerk frisking me at the airport .
I wo n’t back down ! ”
That is exactly what we all aim for .
We are not about to give away the coltish , impulsive , brave character that is our birthright as Americans .
But :
It is a long - term project .
It is a project that fails if it stops at some kind of stoic conditioning of the self .
But we do not yet know the tool that will make this a civic , a public , project .
I hope that it may be you , or someone like you , who , while standing in line to check out groceries , or while driving to work , suddenly discovers it .
—
It will be so simple that everyone will wonder how they never saw it .
March 6 , 2010
The Best of Terry Hulsey
An alleged Mossad spy from Israel wanted in connection with the hit - squad slaying of a Hamas agent in Dubai has been arrested in Poland , officials said Saturday .
Open gallery view Hamas strongman Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
Credit : Archive
The man , using the name Uri Brodsky , is suspected of working for Mossad in Germany and helping to issue a fake German passport to a member of the Mossad operation that allegedly killed Hamas agent Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai in January , a spokesman for the German federal prosecutor 's office told The Associated Press .
Brodsky was arrested in early June upon his arrival in Poland because of a European arrest warrant issued by Germany which is now seeking his extradition , the spokesman said , declining to be named in line with department policy .
The spokesman had no estimate of how long it could take for Brodsky to be extradited from Poland to Germany , saying the matter is now in the hands of the Polish authorities .
" If Brodsky agrees , the extradition could take a few days , but that is n't likely , " the spokesman said .
In Warsaw , Monika Lewandowska , a spokeswoman for Polish prosecutors , confirmed that the suspect , identified only as Uri B. , was arrested at the city 's international airport on June 4 .
She told the AP that the arrest warrant was made in connection with the murder of a Hamas member in Dubai .
" The suspect appeared before a Polish court on June 6 , and was ordered to remain in temporary arrest for up to 40 days , " she said .
Lewandowska had no information on his possible extradition .
In Israel , the Foreign Ministry said without elaborating that it was aware of the man 's fate .
" At the moment , we 're looking into that like any other Israeli who has been arrested , and he 's getting consular treatment , " spokesman Andy David said .
Police in the United Arab Emirates said the elaborate hit squad linked to the Jan. 19 slaying in Dubai of al - Mabhouh - one of the founders of Hamas ' military wing - involved some 25 suspects , most of them carrying fake passports from European nations .
Dubai 's police chief , Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim , has said he is nearly 100 percent certain that Mossad , Israel 's spy agency , masterminded the killing .
The brazen assault in a luxury hotel and its alleged perpetrators were widely captured by security cameras .
Some footage , released by Dubai 's police , showed alleged members of the hit squad disguised as tourists , wearing baggy shorts , sneakers and baseball caps , and carrying tennis rackets .
At the time , Israel said it did n't know who was responsible for the killing but welcomed it , claiming al - Mabhouh was a key link in smuggling weapons to Gaza and a possible middleman with Israel 's archenemy , Iran .
The German news weekly Der Spiegel reported that the arrest in Poland already has led to some diplomatic friction .
The Israeli Embassy has urged Polish authorities not to extradite Brodsky , the magazine reports in its issue to be published Monday .
Germany 's Foreign Ministry had no comment on the case and referred to an ongoing judicial investigation by the federal prosecutor 's office .
The country 's top investigating unit deals with all cases affecting internal or external security , including terrorism or espionage .
After a German passport was used by a person linked to the Dubai slaying , the prosecutor 's office in February started investigating a possible connection to a foreign intelligence agency .
Authorities in the western city of Cologne had issued a passport to a man named Michael Bodenheimer .
" A man using that name was among the assassins who killed the Hamas operative , " according to Dubai police .
In February , German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle urged a thorough investigation and said German authorities would do everything possible to support their counterparts in the U.A.E .
If Brodsky 's extradition goes through , however , it could put the government in Berlin - a staunch Israeli ally - in a difficult diplomatic position .
There have been significant stumbles , too .
For a time , Hajjar and his partner could n't figure out how to work the bottle - capping machine , and all of the caps rusted .
Last year , Hajjar witnessed the closure of his 961 - branded restaurant , in a bar district in east Beirut , after a year and a half of operation .
Among its several fatal flaws , the restaurant had trouble concocting an appetizing menu , was designed to look a little bit like a prison ( red metal bars crisscrossed all the windows ) , and rarely had a full selection of 961 beers on tap .
The fact that Hajjar has so far weathered this adversity may be the most promising indication yet .
After all , as Hajjar is acutely aware , Lebanon is not exactly a beer country .
The total consumption of beer in Lebanon , Hajjar says , is about equal to 10 days worth of Oktoberfest .
He can't resist adding : " Although , you can't blame them , because for 75 years they only had Almaza . "
Almaza 's hegemony , though , is no joke in a country where you might be told that the Arabic word for " beer " is almaza .
There is also the matter of taste , or lack thereof : Almaza , like Budweiser or Coors Light , emphasizes extreme coldness in its marketing materials , and recommends that it be served at negative two degrees C .
At temperatures that low , it 's hard to discern any flavors at all , and , in Lebanon at least , this has resulted in a hardened sensibility about the entire category .
( Lebanese who drink tend to prefer wine and cocktails . )
" Americans like [ 961 ] because it reminds them of their microbrews , " the owner of a Beirut liquor store that has carried 961 since almost the beginning told me .
" I 'd say 10 percent of Europeans like it , and 90 percent of Lebanese hate it . "
In recognition of this reality , two of the new beers Hajjar plans to offer are an " easy drinking " lager and a 961 Light , although you can practically here him gritting his teeth as he says it .
Hajjar , convert - like , is something of a hard - line beer purist — he believes beer should be imbibed from a wide - mouthed glass , like wine , and advocates the pairing of beers with food .
( He begrudgingly calls the easy - drinking lager " a competitor to Almaza , but brewed much better . " )
After all , it 's just business .
Joshua Hersh
Still , it 's clear where Hajjar 's passion lies .
As he jogged around the various churning machines in his warehouse , Hajjar stopped to give a vat of the lager a quick stir .
" The lager is close to my heart , " he said .
" It 's the first lager brewed from Lebanese hops . "
( Almaza is owned by the Dutch brewery Heineken , and the raw materials for it are imported from Holland . )
Another time , Hajjar told me , " I love my lager .
I think it 's a fucking great lager . "
He has a sharp tongue , and a malty sense of humor ( " What do sex in a canoe and American beer have in common ?
They 're both fucking close to water " ) , but he saves his most effusive language for his true love .
" The wittbier is a killer — it 's a beautiful , beautiful brew , " he said as we passed a tank of the stuff just a few days away from bottling .
" But my favorite is the red ale .
That rocks .
Literally , it 's one of the best red ales I 've ever tasted in my life . "
US authorities Tuesday ordered offshore drilling rigs to implement new safety measures in the wake of the disastrous Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
The new directive from the Interior Department allows shallow - water drilling — in depths of up to 500 feet ( 150 meters ) — to continue if rigs are in compliance with the safety rules .
The new rules call for certification from a professional engineer before beginning any new drilling operations .
ADVERTISEMENT
They also call for new procedures for well casing and cement and at least two independent tested barriers for the well , and third - party verification of the blowout preventer — the device that failed in the BP - operated Deepwater Horizon operation .
“ Oil and gas from the Outer Continental Shelf remains an important component of our energy security as we transition to the clean energy economy , but we must ensure that offshore drilling is conducted safely and in compliance with the law , ” said Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
He noted that the six - month deepwater drilling moratorium — affecting new wells at depths over 500 feet — will remain in place but that “ shallow water drilling may continue under the stronger safety requirements that we are implementing today . ”
The new rules also call for a secondary control system for subsea blowout preventers with remote operated vehicle ( ROV ) intervention capabilities .
The subsea blowout preventer “ must have an emergency shut - in system in the event of lost power , ” the rules say , along with additional safety protections .
ADVERTISEMENT
Officials said any drilling operation failing to comply with the new rules can be shut down .
Additional rules may be issued in the coming days , said Bob Abbey , who is the director of the Bureau of Land Management and who has also been called upon to serve as head of the troubled Minerals Management Service .
“ We are following an orderly , responsible process for implementing stronger safety and environmental requirements of offshore drilling , ” said Abbey .
“ We need to make sure that drilling is done right , that it is done safely , and that oil and gas operators are following the law . ”
PIC &GO , c’est la toute nouvelle offre de vente à emporter ( sur Valence ) , pour retrouver à la maison :
🍲 les menus mijotés , une cuisine raffinée qui fait le choix du local , proche de mes racines
🍷 les accords mets & boissons autour d’une sélection avisée avec ma Cheffe sommelière exécutive Paz Levinson
❤️ de délicieuses gourmandises & coups de cœur de l’éPICerie
Une parenthèse joyeuse & réconfortante au quotidien , disponible en un clic , à découvrir sur picandgo .
fr dès maintenant !
The Israeli defense establishment has learned that settler extremists in the West Bank intend to vandalize mosques to protest the destruction of outposts and official measures taken against fellow right - wing activists .
The plans are part of the price tag policy , of exacting retribution for the arrest of certain settlers and the issuing of restraining orders against others .
Meanwhile , the Palestinian Authority on Tuesday implicated settlers in the fire early Tuesday morning at a mosque in the Nablus - area village of Luban al - Sharqiya .
Nablus Governor Jibril al - Bakri said that Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas had ordered the rebuilding of the mosque , which reportedly suffered considerable damage , as soon as possible .
Open gallery view A Palestinian man at the site of the fire at a mosque in Luban al - Sharqiya on May 4 , 2010 .
Credit : AFP
Upon first seeing the mosque in flames , residents believed it had been caused by an electrical short - circuit .
A number of high - ranking PA and Fatah officials arrived at the scene immediately after the incident to show their solidarity with residents .
One senior figure called the incident a crime , abetted by the Israeli government .
Efforts to determine the cause of the blaze continued throughout the day .
Investigators at the scene did not find graffiti ( the usual hallmark of settler attacks ) , but they did find evidence of a break - in that led them to suspect arson .
Spate of arson attacks
Investigators expressed doubt about the possibility that the fire was caused by an electrical short - circuit , as the part of the mosque where the fire broke out is undergoing renovations and its electricity had been disconnected .
Israeli defense officials are increasingly concerned over the series of mosque burnings in the past six months .
In December a mosque in the West Bank village of Yasuf was set on fire .
The Shin Bet security service briefly detained several suspects , and it is not clear whether they will be charged .
In April , stars of David were spray - painted on a mosque in the village of Hawara .
No suspects were detained in the incident .
Filed to : I want your sith
As far as naughty Star Wars geek - wear goes , Princess Leia 's gold bikini is so last year — and California - based artisan EveningArwen has rectified that with these Darth Vader and Stormtrooper corsets .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
( Via Buzzfeed )
This is how the designers and engineers at Apple roll :
They roll .
They take something small , simple , and painstakingly well considered .
They ruthlessly cut features to derive the absolute minimum core product they can start with .
They polish those features to a shiny intensity .
At an anticipated media event , Apple reveals this core product as its Next Big Thing , and explains — no , wait , it simply shows — how painstakingly thoughtful and well designed this core product is .
The company releases the product for sale .
Then everyone goes back to Cupertino and rolls .
As in , they start with a few tightly packed snowballs and then roll them in more snow to pick up mass until they ’ve got a snowman .
That ’s how Apple builds its platforms .
It ’s a slow and steady process of continuous iterative improvement — so slow , in fact , that the process is easy to overlook if you ’re observing it in real time .
Only in hindsight is it obvious just how remarkable Apple ’s platform development process is .
One example is Apple ’s oldest core product : Mac OS X .
It took four difficult years from Apple ’s acquisition of NeXT in 1997 until Mac OS X 10.0 was released in March 2001 .
Needless to say , those four years were … well , let ’s just say it was a difficult birth .
But from that point forward , Mac OS X ’s major releases have appeared regularly ( especially by the standards of major commercial PC operating systems ) , each better than the previous version , but none spectacularly so .
Snow Leopard is vastly superior to 10.0 in every conceivable way .
It ’s faster , better - designed , does more , and looks better .
( And it runs exclusively on an entirely different CPU architecture than did 10.0 . )
But at no point between the two was there a release that was markedly superior to the one that preceded it .
Next , consider the iPod .
It debuted in the fall of 2001 as a Mac-only , FireWire - only $ 399 digital audio player with a tiny black - and - white display and 5 GB hard disk .
The iTunes Store did n’t exist until April 2003 .
The Windows version of iTunes did n’t appear until October 2003 — two years after the iPod debuted !
Two years before it truly supported Windows !
Think about that .
If Apple released an iPod today that sold only as many units as the iPod sold in 2002 , that product would be considered an enormous flop .
Today you can get an iPod nano for $ 179 that ’s a fraction of the original iPod ’s size and weight , with double the storage , a color display , video playback , and a built - in video camera .
Apple took the iPod from there to here one step at a time .
Every year Apple has announced updated iPods in the fall , and every year the media has weighed in with a collective yawn .
There ’s never been one iteration of the click - wheel iPod platform that has completely blown away the previous one , and even the original model was derided by many critics as unimpressive .
The iPod shows , too , how Apple ’s iterative development process does n’t just add , it adapts .
Remember those third - generation iPods from 2003 , with four separate buttons above the click wheel ?
Turns out that was n’t a good idea .
They were gone a year later .
Remember the iPod Mini ?
It had no new features , and was n’t even much cheaper — but it was way smaller .
The iPhone is following the same pattern .
In 2007 it debuted with no third - party apps , no 3G networking , and a maximum storage capacity of 8GB .
One year later , Apple had doubled storage , added 3G and GPS , and opened the App Store .
The year after that , Apple swapped in a faster processor , added a compass and an improved camera , and doubled storage again .
The pattern repeats .
We may never see an iPhone that utterly blows away the prior year ’s , but we ’ll soon have one that utterly blows away the original iPhone .
That brings us to the iPad .
Initial reaction to it has been polarized , as is so often the case with Apple products .
Some say it ’s a big iPod touch .
Others say it ’s the beginning of a revolution in personal computing .
As a pundit , I ’m supposed to explain how the truth lies somewhere between these two extremes .
But I can ’t .
The iPad really is The Big One : Apple ’s reconception of personal computing .
Apple has released many new products over the last decade .
Only a handful have been the start of a new platform .
The rest were iterations .
The designers and engineers at Apple are n’t magicians ; they ’re artisans .
They achieve spectacular results one year at a time .
Rather than expanding the scope of a new product , hoping to impress , they pare it back , leaving a solid foundation upon which to build .
In 2001 , you could n’t look at Mac OS X or the original iPod and foresee what they ’d become in 2010 .
But you can look at Snow Leopard and the iPod nanos of today and see what they once were .
Apple got the fundamentals right .
So of course this iPad — the one which , a few years from now , we ’ll refer to off - handedly as the “ original iPad ” — does less than we ’d hoped .
That ’s how the people at Apple work .
While we ’re out here poking and prodding at the iPad , they ’re back at work in Cupertino .
They ’ve got a little gem of a starting point in hand .
And they ’re beginning to roll .
[ John Gruber is the author of Daring Fireball .
A version of this piece appeared as " Apple 's Constant Iterations " in the April 2010 print issue of Macworld . ]
Georgetown
Girl points out this WJLA story from earlier this month on a recent sexual assault near the Georgetown University campus .
The story is targeted at warning college - aged women to stay inside at night : “ Keep in mind , the victim was walking around late at night by herself , and authorities are urging young people to be careful out there , ” the reporter says .
Nevermind that women are far more likely to be sexually assaulted by someone they know — - indoors , even !
Andy Xie is a former Morgan Stanley analyst now living in China .
~~~
Riding the dragon
Andy Xie
June 7 , 2010
Powerful interest groups have paralyzed China ’s macro-economic policy , with ominous long - term consequences .
Local governments consider high land prices their lifeline .
State - owned enterprises do n’t want interest rates to rise .
Exporters are vehemently against currency appreciation .
China ’s macro policies have been reduced to psychotherapy , relying on sound bites and small technical moves to scare speculators .
In the meantime , inflation continues to pick up momentum .
Unless the central government bites the bullet and makes choices , the economy might experience a disruptive adjustment in the foreseeable future .
The first key point is that local governments have become dependent on the property sector for revenue as profits from manufacturing decline and spending needs to rise .
Attracting industry has been the main means of economic development and fiscal revenue for two decades .
Coastal provinces grew rich by nurturing export - oriented industries .
But the economics has changed in the past five years .
Rising costs have sharply curtailed manufacturers ’ profits , and most local governments now offer subsidies to attract industries .
The real revenue has shifted to property .
Second , preferential lending towards state - owned enterprises has led to their rapid expansion .
Most debt on the Chinese mainland is owed by state - owned enterprises .
The debts of households and property developers are really payments to the government .
Keeping interest rates exceptionally low has become a national policy for protecting the state sector .
Other considerations , such as inflation , have been suppressed .
Third , China ’s exporters are suffering from rising costs and weak global demand .
They are vehemently opposed to currency appreciation .
The new labor law , rising tax rates , and tougher environmental standards are their other grievances .
They still represent half of China ’s manufacturing sector , and are in a position to influence government policy .
China ’s current policy mix is another form of subsidy to the supply side .
Low wages and resource prices were the subsidies before .
Now that resource prices are high and wages are rising , high land prices and low interest rates have become the pillars of the state sector , alleviating the burden on the export sector .
High land prices and low interest rates are really taxes on the household sector .
Essentially , Chinese people have made gains on wages but lost big on housing affordability and interest income .
This situation shows the state sector is too big , and not efficient enough to survive on market forces alone .
The macro dilemma really reflects structural problems .
China ’s policies have traveled the path of least immediate resistance : monetary expansion and asset inflation .
The main purpose behind asset inflation is that the government can tax it .
It provides a place for people to chase their get - rich - quick dreams and is popular as long as the market goes up .
It also offers insiders who have disproportionate influence to play the game at the expense of the little people .
It is no coincidence that China ’s policies have been pro-asset inflation in the past few years .
China ’s asset bubble has probably grown more quickly than any in the past .
The stock of residential properties , works in progress and land banks may be worth three times the gross domestic product , or about RMB 100 trillion ( USD 14.7 trillion ) .
Their value was negligible seven years ago .
The ratio of residential property value to GDP in Beijing and Shanghai is similar to Hong Kong ’s in 1997 .
Their rental yields are also similar to Hong Kong ’s then .
In addition , the Chinese mainland has the unique phenomenon of empty flats : I suspect the number is 10 - 20 million .
When China ’s bubble bursts , there will be considerable economic damage .
But many in China want to keep the bubble where it is – not expanding , not shrinking .
This has cultivated the enormous popular faith that the government can get what it wants .
But the longer the market is distorted , the bigger the eventual payback .
The current round of property tightening relies on credit restrictions and regulatory pressure .
The former aims to keep out repeat flat buyers in favor of first - time buyers .
But alas , the price is too high for first - time buyers .
Local governments still have money from last year ’s property sales and can continue to spend .
But how will they keep the economy going when their money runs out in a few months ?
Will the policies be relaxed again ?
It happened during previous rounds of tightening .
The govern can still cope with the consequences of the bubble bursting , given its enormous assets , but it may be harder to handle if the bubble continues for two more years .
To rein it in , interest rates must be raised quickly .
Some worry that raising rates would increase the pressure for currency appreciation , but this is probably not true .
The RMB is not undervalued .
When the subsidy to manufacturing for asset inflation is removed , it could be equivalent to a 20 % appreciation in the exchange rate .
When asset prices revert to normal levels , China needs to get its fiscal house in order to prevent the bubble repeating .
First , the government must limit its spending .
Local governments ’ performance is benchmarked for economic performance , so they will always try to maximize revenue .
This is tied in with the lack of an urbanization strategy .
Such a strategy should be limited to big cities .
In other places , governments should be given social rather than economic mandates .
Second , the tax system should be unified and simplified .
Local governments should n’t have the authority to offer tax concessions , either directly or indirectly .
Tax competition among local governments is destructive for the country ’s revenue base and encourages overcapacity .
Finally , China must fight corruption in a life - or - death struggle .
Corruption may cost the economy 10 % of GDP .
If that were collected in the government ’s coffers , high property prices would no longer be needed .
The net benefit to government from the asset game and low interest rates is about 10 % of GDP .
If the government wants to have its cake and eat it too , it must fight corruption .
>
Source :
Riding the dragon
Andy Xie
China International Business , June 7 , 2010
RALEIGH , N.C. -- Rod Brind ' Amour is retiring after 21 NHL seasons to take an unspecified job with the Carolina Hurricanes .
The team 's former captain said Wednesday that his decision was made simpler after he talked with general manager Jim Rutherford and they decided the aging veteran would n't fit with the Hurricanes ' rebuilding plan .
Trying to find a roster spot on another team " never , ever felt right , " he said , and Rutherford asked him to remain with the organization in some capacity .
" The only question would be how much do I want to play " for another team , Brind ' Amour said .
" When I knew for sure the direction the team was going and I was n't going to be a part of it as a player , and [ Rutherford ] said , ' We want you to come on and do whatever -- we 'll figure that out .
Just be a part of our organization . '
" I said , ' I 'm done .
It 's over , ' " he added .
" I do n't want to go play anymore and certainly do n't want to play anywhere else . "
Brind ' Amour would have made $ 3 million in 2010 - 11 , the final year of his contract .
The Hurricanes had the option to buy out his contract for $ 2 million , and Rutherford said they will pay him $ 1 million this year and $ 1 million next year , in addition to the salary for his new job .
The GM said Brind ' Amour is getting married in a few weeks , and after he returns from his honeymoon , the two will sit down to figure out what his new responsibilities will be .
" This is not just a gift to him at this point in his career , " Rutherford said .
" I feel very strongly that Rod 's got a lot to offer the Hurricanes , as he 's already done . "
The decision was n't entirely unexpected .
The captain of Carolina 's 2006 Stanley Cup championship team , Brind ' Amour turns 40 in August .
Nearly three months ago , he wrapped up his worst statistical season in which he yielded his captaincy to Eric Staal and slipped to the team 's fourth line .
The Hurricanes ' leading scorer since the franchise moved from Hartford in 1997 , Brind ' Amour had just nine goals and 10 assists last season .
He finished his career with 452 goals and 732 assists in 1,484 regular - season games in 21 years with St. Louis , Philadelphia and Carolina .
Additionally , he had 51 goals and 60 assists in 159 career playoff games , and scored 12 goals during the Hurricanes ' run to their only Cup .
The noted workout warrior came back from a serious knee injury in February 2008 and missed only four games during the two seasons after that .
With the Hurricanes ' youth movement taking root , it seemed a sensible time to call it a career for the popular , two - time Selke Trophy winner and reliable force in the face - off circle who came to Carolina in a trade with Philadelphia in 2000 .
Brind ' Amour inherited the captain's " C " on his sweater from Ron Francis in 2005 and wore it until January , when he stepped back to become an alternate captain .
" When we first came [ to North Carolina ] , people used to ask me what we 're doing here , " Rutherford said .
" Now , it 's a legitimate major - league sports town and a hockey town .
...
Two key guys here , when you talk about the growth of hockey in North Carolina , were the two captains .
" We all saw what he did as a player , but there were so many things he did away from the arena , and part of that was growing the sport . "
Brind 'Amour joins Glen Wesley , Tom Barrasso and Ron Francis as former Carolina players who recently have taken management positions in the organization .
The announcement came a day before the start of the NHL 's free - agency signing period .
The Hurricanes dealt most of their pending free agents before the trading deadline in March , and the only regular who could leave is 38 - year - old forward Ray Whitney .
" There 's a time frame of July 1 to get a lot of things done , " Brind ' Amour said .
" It does n't really change my decision .
To me , once they were sure how they were going , and I was n't going to be a part of it next year , then that made the decision for me . "
Luxury is something expensive or hard to obtain .
But is anything expensive for Middle East ?
Well this post features a collection of gold plated cars owned by the Arabs .
1. Bugatti Veyron
2. Mercedes - Benz C63 AMG
3. BMW M5
4. Rolls Royce Phantom
5. Aston Martin
6. Porsche 911
7. Porsche Cayenne
8. Delorean JioOv
9. Smart Fortwo
10 . Fiat 500
Want to purchase this .
Here is a Fiat 500 sale .
Saudi law forbids women to socialize with unrelated men or walk in public without a male guardian , other than her husband , father or brother .
Members of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice , known as the religious police , are tasked with segregating the sexes .
" She shot at the officers to distract them and allow the man to escape instant detention , " said Sheik Mutlak al Nabet , a spokesman for the religious police in Ha'il .
He added that the unnamed woman 's husband has filed an official report , asking for his wife to be punished and stripped of her Saudi nationality .
In an unprecedented outburst toward Saudi Arabia 's religious police , a married woman shot at several officers in a patrol car after she was caught in an " illegal seclusion " with another man in the province of Ha'il on Tuesday .
Saudi media report that the woman is Syria - born and recently obtained Saudi citizenship after living for years in the kingdom .
Her male compatriot is still at large .
The incident occurred only few days after the Saudi daily newspaper , Okaz , reported that a religious cop was taken to hospital with bruises after being punched by a woman in her 20s in the city of Al Mubarrazz .
The paper wrote that the young lady got violent with the officer after he asked her and man she was with at a public park to verify their relationship .
Despite the possibility of facing imprisonment or lashing , the woman 's fisticuffs was hailed by Saudi human rights activist Wajiha Huwaidar .
" People are so fed up with these religious police , and now they have to pay the price for the humiliation they put people through for years and years , " she said .
" This is just the beginning and there will be more resistance . "
The religious police , who patrol shopping malls to make sure women are fully veiled , are reviled in much of the nation .
King Abdullah has attempted in recent years to weaken their grip in an overall effort to soften the nation 's fundamentalist Wahhabi Islam .
-- Amro Hassan in Cairo
Photo : Saudi women are obliged to put on religiously proper clothing in the streets .
Credit : Associated Press
Two men ran across the 69 - year - old two - lane bridge into China , glancing back at the North Korean side .
Hours earlier , three Chinese citizens had been shot and killed by North Korean guards near a similar crossing hundreds of kilometers to the southwest .
The guards have been “ more tense ” in recent weeks , said a 41 - year - old Tumen woman hawking North Korean money and pins .
They have held up transit of Chinese traders as tensions between the two Koreas rose following the March 26 sinking of a South Korean warship , said the woman , who gave only her surname , Li , because she said she feared being punished for divulging information to a foreign reporter .
North Korea said May 26 that it would sever most ties with the South following a report by an international panel led by South Korea that concluded a North Korean torpedo sank the ship , killing 46 sailors .
Tumen ’s streets were largely devoid of traffic , and a rock band from the provincial capital of Changchun played to only a scattering of onlookers steps from the Li Ning store .
Shopkeepers had a ready explanation : emigration to South Korea by the region ’s ethnic Korean population .
More than 92 percent , or 1.78 million , live in Jilin , Heilongjiang and Liaoning provinces , with the heaviest concentration in the prefecture encompassing Tumen .
South Korean statistics back up their claim .
There were 363,087 ethnic Koreans from China living legally in South Korea last year , compared with 310,485 in 2007 , according to the Ministry of Justice .
Salaries in South Korea are one attraction .
A 45 - year - old taxi driver with the surname Zhang said his wife had obtained a forged marriage certificate showing she was married to a South Korean .
She works in a factory there , making air conditioners and earning the equivalent of 10,000 renminbi a month , five times his wages .
She saves 80,000 renminbi a year and plans to return to China soon , he said .
Mr. Zhang did not want to use his full name because of his wife ’s illegal means of obtaining a visa .
Michael McCool is an engineer with Intel .
Parallel programming is challenging for a number of reasons .
In addition to all the challenges of serial computation , parallel programs can also suffer from race conditions and deadlock , and even if correct may be non-deterministic , which complicates testing .
Achieving high performance with a parallel program also requires minimization of contention for limited resources such as communication and memory bandwidth .
Failure to properly account for these factors can lead to programs which dramatically underperform .
This document discusses and advocates a structured approach to parallel programming .
This approach is based on a core set of common and composable patterns of parallel computation and data management with an emphasis on determinism and scalability .
By using these patterns and also paying attention to a small number of factors in algorithm design ( such as data locality ) , programs built using this approach have the potential to perform and scale well on a variety of different parallel computer architectures .
The structured approach discussed here has also been called the " algorithmic skeleton " approach .
The general idea is that specific combinations of computation and data access recur in many different algorithms .
A system that supports the specification and composition of " good " patterns can guide the developer towards the construction of well - structured and reliable , yet high - performance programs .
Patterns can be domain - specific , but there are also general - purpose patterns that occur in algorithms from many different domains .
A system only has to support a small number of patterns in order to be universal , that is , capable of implementing any algorithm .
However , it may be useful for efficiency to support more than the minimal universal subset , since different patterns can also expose different types of data coherency that can be used to optimize performance .
It may also be useful to support specific combinations of " fused " patterns .
We will first survey previous work in parallel patterns , algorithmic skeletons , and some systems based on these .
The use of patterns in parallel programming bears a strong resemblance to the use of structured control flow in serial programming .
Both for reasons of analogy and because serial computation is an important sub-component of parallel computation , some basic patterns for supporting serial computation will be presented and discussed , along with some serial programming models based on universal subsets of these patterns .
A useful set of structured and deterministic parallel patterns will then be presented and discussed .
Background
The concept of " algorithmic skeleton " was introduced by Cole [ 1989,2004 ] and elaborated by Skillicorn [ 1998 ] .
It is similar to the modern idea of design pattern [ Gamma 1994 , Mattson 2004 ] , and so we will use the term " parallel pattern " .
We will define a parallel pattern as specific recurring configuration of computation and data access .
In the View from Berkeley [ Asanovic 2006 ] some characteristic workloads called dwarves or motifs are identified .
These are workloads that consist primarily of one type of pattern .
In most applications , however , a variety of patterns are composed in complicated ways .
Programming systems can be based entirely on composition of pattern - oriented operators [ Bromling 2002 , Tan 2003 , Sérot 2002 ] .
In the 1970s , it was noted that serial programs could be made easier to understand and reason about if they were built by composing their control flow out of only a small number of specific control flow patterns : sequence , selection , and iteration ( and / or recursion ) .
This structured programming approach has led to the elimination of goto from most programs , although not without a lot of controversy [ Dijkstra1968 ] .
Now , however , the use of structured control flow is so widely accepted that goto is either omitted from or deprecated in most modern programming languages .
In the same way , structured parallel patterns can eliminate the need for explicit threading and synchronization while making programs easier to understand .
In particular , one desirable property that structured parallel patterns should possess is deterministic semantics that are consistent with a specific serial ordering of the program .
In contrast , threads share a strong resemblance to goto in their flexibility but also their lack of structure [ Lee 2006 ] .
Like goto , use of threads ( at least when combined with global random access to data ) can make it difficult to do local reasoning about a program , since it becomes impossible to isolate the effect of one part of a program 's code from another .
One alternative is to use functional programming .
However , most mainstream programming languages are not functional , and some algorithms , especially graph and matrix problems , are difficult to express efficiently in purely functional languages .
However , we can interpret functional programming as one instance of our structured parallel programming , just using a restricted set of patterns .
There is also a large class of collective languages that express parallelism explicitly through operations over entire collections of data .
Collective languages can be imperative or functional , and collective operations are often available through libraries or as built - in operations in mainstream languages .
NESL is an example of a collective pure functional language [ Blelloch 1990 , 1993 , 1996 ] , while FORTRAN 2003 is an example of an imperative language with built - in collective operations .
RapidMind [ McCool 2006 ] and Ct are examples of imperative languages based on collective operations .
Deterministic imperative collective languages can be given a consistent sequential interpretation that makes it straightforward to reason about their behavior .
We do not have space to discuss the implementation or specification of patterns in programming models in detail .
However , patterns can be implemented or supported in a variety of ways : as conventions ; using code generators [ Herrington 2003 ] ; supported explicitly in new language designs ; or implemented in libraries .
The " library " approach can be made as efficient as a compiled language if dynamic code generation is used to support optimization and fusion [ McCool 2002 , McCool 2006 ] .
In the following I will first discuss serial patterns .
This is important for three reasons :
Scott was accused of breaking the bottle over the head of Sucuzhanay as he walked arm - and - arm with his brother , Romel , on a cold night in Brooklyn .
The brothers were returning home from a bar ; Jose was drunk , and Romel was helping him walk .
Prosecutors said Scott , 26 , and Phoenix , 30 , mistook the brothers for gay men , and yelled anti-Hispanic and anti-gay slurs at them .
Scott smashed the bottle over Jose Sucuzhanay 's head and chased after Romel with the broken bottle , while Phoenix beat Sucuzhanay with an aluminum baseball bat so badly he cracked open his skull , prosecutors said .
Sucuzhanay died several days later at a hospital .
Phoenix has pleaded not guilty to second - degree murder , manslaughter and attempted assault , all as hate crimes .
His jury began deliberations Thursday evening .
Phoenix 's defense attorney , Philip Smallman , said Thursday in closing arguments that the case was about a fight that escalated , not a premeditated attack .
“ I am outraged by the dismissal of hate crime charges in one of the most heinous acts of hate our city has witnessed in recent memory .
It is incomprehensible to me that such violent acts of hate could receive a verdict of not guilty .
Hakim Scott viciously attacked Jose Sucuzhanay while calling him derogatory names and stood by and watched while his fellow attacker , Keith Phoenix , beat Jose with a baseball bat .
Jose was attacked simply because of who he was and who these two criminals perceived him to be .
His attack was motivated and fueled by pure hatred .
I urge all New Yorkers to join me in condemning this verdict , as we did when we originally learned of this attack .
" Justice was served with guilty verdicts on manslaughter and attempted assault charges .
With these two charges combined , Hakim Scott faces up to forty years in prison .
The fact is , however , that Mr. Scott has escaped serving any time for his vicious hate , hate that was at the heart of this horrible crime and murder .
This is a sad day for the family of Jose Sucuzhanay and for all those who uphold and fight for tolerance and acceptance .
I pledge to the Sucuzhanay family that our fight is not over and we will do all that we can to see Mr. Scott in jail for the rest of his life .
We remain hopeful that Keith Phoenix will ultimately be found rightfully guilty in the hate charges he faces .
A hidden gem of this period in cinema is a little film called The Empire Strikes Back , the second chapter in a planned three - part epic science fiction trilogy .
Here is the trailer for this scintillating 1950s 3 - D space opera .
( Via STWOR Strategies . )
In May 1956 the Navy laid down what was intended as the first of a series of nuclear - powered radar picket submarines .
This was USS Triton ( SSRN - 586 ) , which at 448 feet long and nearly 6,000 tons surface displacement , emerged as the longest U.S. submarine ever built until the appearance of the USS Ohio ( SSBN - 726 ) class in the early 1980s .
Triton was unique among U.S. submarines in carrying a propulsion plant with two nuclear reactors , each an S4G rated at 22,000 horsepower .
She was also the last U.S. submarine to have a conning tower inside the sail , twin screws , and an after torpedo room .
Like Sailfish and Salmon , she was optimized for high surface speed - with a knife - like bow and ample reserve buoyancy - and reportedly , she exceeded 30 knots on her trials .
USS TRITON ( SSN 586 ) was designed to be fast enough to operate with a fast carrier task force .
One of the largest submarines ever built , Triton is 447 feet long , displaces more than 7700 tons submerged , and carries a crew of approximately 170 .
Her keel was hid 29 May 1956 , she was launched 19 Aug. 1958 , and was commissioned 10 Nov. 1959 .
She has two pressurized water reactors , one for each of her two propellers .
With the successful introduction of carrier - borne early warning aircraft in 1958 - first the Grumman E - 1B Tracer , and then the successor E - 2 Hawkeye in 1964 - the requirement for surface radar pickets soon faded , and the SSR / SSRN mission was quickly phased out .
Thus , in March 1961 , Triton was reclassified as an attack submarine ( SSN ) and overhauled at Portsmouth between 1962 and 1964 to refuel her reactors and convert her for a new role .
Even though she was too large to be effective as an attack boat , Triton - now SSN - 586 - served gamely at Norfolk as flagship of COMSUBLANT until June 1967 , but nonetheless she had become an expensive white elephant .
Although plans were floated to use her large , surviving CIC space as an alternative national emergency command post , these never came to fruition , and when a planned 1967 overhaul was cancelled because of defense cutbacks , her days were numbered .
Triton was subsequently inactivated and then decommissioned in May 1969 - the first nuclear - powered submarine to be withdrawn from service .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Around 440 self - described medical marijuana dispensaries across Los Angeles were under orders to close on Monday , nearly five months after city officials voted to shut most of them down .
Medical marijuana plants are pictured as they dry in the Los Angeles area in this June 1 , 2010 file photo .
Some 440 medical marijuana dispensaries across Los Angeles were under orders to close on June 7 , 2010 , nearly five months after city officials , worried that the shops were mushrooming out of control , voted to shut most of them down .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni / Files
An estimated 135 dispensaries may remain legally open as of Monday as a new city law formally takes effect .
City leaders hope to eventually whittle that number down to 70 and confine them to mostly industrial areas , away from schools , parks , libraries and churches .
“ We ’re trying to achieve some order out of what has essentially been a very chaotic situation , ” Assistant City Attorney Asha Greenberg told Reuters in an interview .
“ We will have a limited number of medical marijuana establishments that are not close to sensitive sites and are not neighborhood nuisances , ” she said
Greenberg said that 439 shops had been ordered to close .
Any remaining open after Monday face law enforcement actions .
“ As of today they should have their boxes packed and their closed sign up , ” she said .
California became the first U.S. state to decriminalize cannabis for medical use in 1996 and a 2003 ballot measure permitted pot to be cultivated and distributed to patients holding prescriptions from a doctor .
Since those developments , Los Angeles had seen roughly 1,000 of the shops spring up across the city .
Responding to residents who complained that many of the shops were catering more to recreational pot smokers than patients , the Los Angeles City Council voted in January to limit the number that could operate to between 70 and 187 .
Legal challenges failed to stop the law taking effect .
Since the city council passed its law , a statewide voter initiative that would legalize the possession and sale of marijuana has qualified for the November ballot in what supporters have called a “ watershed moment ” for their cause .
It was unclear how that measure would affect Los Angeles ’ ability to regulate medical marijuana , should it pass .
Under the ballot initiative , simple possession of an ounce ( 28.5 grams ) or less of marijuana , currently a misdemeanor punishable by a $ 100 fine , would be legal for anyone aged 21 or older .
It also would be lawful to grow limited amounts in one ’s own home for personal use .
While sales would not be legalized outright , cities and counties could pass laws permitting commercial distribution subject to local regulations and taxes .
Retail sales would still be limited to an ounce for adults 21 and older .
BP says its operation to pump mud into a breached Gulf of Mexico oil well to try to stem the flow of oil caused by a rig explosion is going to plan .
The US government is backing the " top kill " procedure , which has never been tried at such a depth .
BP is under intense pressure to succeed after previous attempts to stem the leak failed .
President Obama is expected to announce tough new drilling regulations after a key report into the spill is released .
The preliminary report from the US Department of the Interior will focus on lessons to be learned from the disaster .
Mr Obama is expected to order tighter safeguards for offshore drilling and to extend a ban on new permits for drilling in the Arctic .
On Friday he will make his second visit to the Gulf of Mexico region .
Mud pumping
A BP official said he believed mud , not oil , was exiting the well 's ruptured pipe six hours after the work began .
We saw that the cargo they carry home is not seafood but large plastic bags stuffed full of filthy , greasy , sticky , brown oil - soaked absorbent boom Rajesh Mirchandani , BBC News , Grand Isle From shrimp fisher to oil - collector
" What you 've been observing coming out of the top of that riser is most likely mud , " BP Plc chief operating officer Doug Suttles told reporters in Houston .
" We can't fully confirm that because we can't sample it .
And the way we know we 've been successful is it stops flowing . "
Company officials say it could be a couple of days before they know whether the " top kill " operation has worked .
Thousands of barrels of oil have been spewing into the Gulf every day since the accident on 20 April .
Mud will continue to be pumped into the well for hours , spokesman Steve Rinehart said .
" The procedure is intended to stem the flow of oil and gas and ultimately kill the well by injecting heavy drilling fluids through the blowout preventer on the seabed , down into the well , " a BP statement said .
If the oil flow is successfully capped , engineers will follow up with cement to seal the well permanently .
BP Chief Executive Tony Hayward has put the operation 's chance of success at 60 - 70 % .
TOP KILL PROCEDURE
Drilling mud pumped from surface
Goes into blowout preventer
If pressure and density sufficient , oil and gas flow stops
Well then filled with cement
What is a ' top kill ' ?
The procedure began at 1300 local time ( 1800 GMT ) , shortly after federal officials approved the plan .
Officials say the method has been used before in other areas of the world , but not at the depths required to stem the oil from the Deepwater Horizon rig .
There is a risk a weak spot in the blowout preventer that sits on top of the well could breach under the pressure , causing a brand new leak at the site 50 miles ( 80 km ) off the Louisiana coast .
' No guarantees '
Speaking in California on Wednesday , US President Barack Obama said his administration would commit all resources necessary to stop the flow of oil into the sea .
Image caption
While BP clean - up crews struggle to remove the oil that has reached the Louisiana shore , more gushes from the leaking well .
In pictures : Battling the spill
" If it 's successful - and there are no guarantees - it should greatly reduce or eliminate the flow of oil now streaming into the Gulf from the seafloor .
And if it 's not , there are other approaches that may be viable , " he said .
Mr Obama said the " heartbreaking " oil spill underscored the need to find alternative energy sources .
" We will not rest until this well is shut , the environment is repaired and the clean - up is complete , " he added .
' Series of failures '
London - based BP has acknowledged that a series of failures occurred on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig in the hours before the explosion that killed 11 workers and triggered the spill that has so far spewed at least 7 million gallons ( 26.5 million litres ) into the Gulf .
MEMO : KEY WARNING SIGNS
Abnormalities in pressure testing
Indications of potential gas leakage in cement work
Failures in several functions of the blowout preventer Congressional memo in full
Two leading US congressmen have meanwhile been briefed on thousands of BP documents relating to the accident .
In a memo , Representatives Henry Waxman and Bart Stupak say the explosion was preceded by several warning signs - including abnormal pressure readings and failures in some functions of the blowout preventer - but action appears to have been taken too late .
Questions have been raised over whether proper procedures were followed .
Speaking on US television on Wednesday , Mr Hayward said : " What we 're seeing here is a whole series of failures .
We 've identified ... at least seven .
" It 's very clear that much more needs to be put in place to deal with this situation should it ever occur again . "
He added : " It 's clear that this will be a transforming event in the history of deep water exploration . "
Remember when you moved to London ?
It seemed so exciting .
A real 24 hour city , alive with possibilities .
You gazed in wonder at the majestic buildings of the West End rising high in the air — like your hopes and dreams — reaching to heaven .
Well , what happened ?
I ’ll tell you what happened .
You became busy .
Worse — you became a Londoner .
If you recognise yourself in any of the following , you need a week away in the country .
And no , I do n’t mean Hampstead Heath .
I mean the real country .
Yeah , somewhere they do n’t have a tube .
Scary , huh ?
1 . You no longer look up
Well obviously when I moved here I did a little sightseeing , but nowadays , I do n’t have time to stroll around looking at pretty buildings .
I have to get to work !
I ’m busy — and important !
What are all these tourists looking at anyway ?
Move !
2. Waiting more than three minutes for a tube is absolutely preposterous
WHAT ? FOUR minutes ?
But I have a meeting to get to !
Why the hell do I pay all this money for a season ticket if I ’m forced to break my stride and stand still for that long ?
I ’m very busy and extremely important !
And I ’ve had five Starbucks today for chrissakes !
I need to walk it off !
Sack Boris Johnson !
3 . Everyone walks too damn slow
God , get out of my frigging way !
Really , I ’m writing to City Hall to propose they introduce fast and slow lanes on all pavements .
Everywhere .
Even in my cul - de-sac .
I ’m far too busy and important to be held up by leisurely walkers .
You ’re obviously unemployed .
Or a tourist .
4 . The Underground is a battleground
Dear foolish day - trippers who stand in all the exits to study the maps : do n’t you know you ’re going to end up deaf from our crescendo of passive - aggressive tutting as we walk past ?
Seriously , it ’ll be off the Richter scale in a minute if you do n’t move .
Actually , while we ’re on the subject , I swear I ’m going to batter the next fucktard who waits till they get to the fucking barrier before they look for their Oyster Card !
And yes .
Please do stop dead after you ’ve gone through while you decide where to go next — you know how it thrills me to be on the bottom of a seven - person pile up behind you .
And of course I do n’t mind you dragging that wheelie case behind you as you meander from side to side , blissfully unaware of the amount of space you ’re taking up .
But please , just stand on the right of the escalator , you moron !
I have to get past , and by golly I ’ll push if I have to !
Did you not hear me before ?
I ’m busy !
And important !
Gah !
5 . You think anywhere outside Zone 2 is too far to travel
Crystal Palace ?
Where ’s that ?
Is that in Zone two ?
Zone three , you say ?
Oh , gosh no .
I ’m far too busy to travel all that way !
I mean it ’s miles !
Can I even get a signal on my BlackBerry in Crystal Palace ?
I ’m snowed you know .
I have calls to take !
6 . It surprises you to meet people who have English as a first language
You mean you were actually born here ?
How weird !
I thought you ’d be from Poland .
Or Brazil .
Anyway , got to cut this short I ’m afraid .
So busy
7 . Purple hair and ballet tutus are acceptable attire
Well , of course not for me , but I no longer blink in surprise when they float past me in Sainsbury ’s .
Although I have been itching to try something more daring …
In fact , when I get my next haircut , unless it ’s going in four different directions and I ca n’t see out from under my fringe , I ’m not paying for it .
OK ?
Skinny jeans and dirty , ripped T shirts ?
I should jolly well hope so !
Let ’s all fuck off to Shoreditch and practice looking bored .
8 . You feel superior to non Londoners
How much for three pints of beer ?
Seven pounds , you say ?
Oh , that ’s hilarious !
In London , seven quid would n’t even buy you one !
Oh , I want to move here !
But on my London salary .
Haw haw .
Look !
You even have self - service checkouts !
How quaint !
Yeah , we had those in London ages ago .
They ’re really great for me when I have to fly in and out because I ’m sooo busy .
And really , hideously important .
What was that ?
You coughed , but I could have sworn you just called me a twat …?
9 . Fresh air smells funny
Oh , my God , that ’s so weird .
I just blew my nose and my snot was n’t black !
Mind if I stand in your garage with the car engine running for a bit ?
My nostrils are burning from all this excess oxygen and I feel rather sick .
10 .
You find the sound of sirens comforting
Silence is unnerving , and anyway , at least it means the police are doing their job .
Sort of .
What was that bang ?
Not a gunshot , surely .
Must have been a car backfiring .
I ’ll know tomorrow anyway because I wo n’t be able to move for police tape .
Although it had better not make me late for work .
I ’m stacked at the moment .
— — — — —-
So how many did you get ?
Is it time to book that train ticket ?
Or maybe you ’ve thought of a few I have n’t ?
If you have , leave them in the comments section , I ’d love to hear them .
Till next time …
10 signs you ’ve lived in London too long 1 .
You no longer look up Well obviously when London seemed so…exciting .
You gazed in wonder at the majestic buildings of the West End rising high in the air — like your hopes and dreams — reaching to heaven .
Nowadays , I do n’t have time to stroll around looking at pretty buildings .
I have to get to work !
I ’m busy — and important .
What are all these tourists looking at anyway ?
Move !
2 . Waiting more than three minutes for a tube is absolutely preposterous WHAT ?
FOUR minutes ?
But I have a party to get to !
What the hell do I pay all this money for a season ticket if I ’m forced to break my stride and stand still for that long ?
I ’m very busy and extremely important !
And I ’ve had five Starbucks today for chrissakes !
I need to walk it off !
Sack Boris Johnson !
3 . Everyone walks too damn slow God , get out of my frigging way !
Really , I ’m writing to City Hall to propose they instate fast and slow lanes on all pavements .
Everywhere .
Even in my cul - de-sac .
I ’m too busy to be held up by leisurely walkers .
You ’re obviously unemployed .
Or a tourist .
4 . The Underground is a battleground Dear foolish day - trippers who stand in all the exits to study the maps : do n’t you know you ’re going to end up deafened by our passive - aggressive tutting as we walk past ?
Seriously , it ’ll be off the Richter scale in a minute if you do n’t move .
Actually , while we ’re on the subject , I swear I ’m going to batter the next fucktard who waits till they get to the fucking barrier before they look for their Oyster Card !
And yes .
Please do stop dead after you ’ve gone through while you decide where to go next — you know how it thrills me to be on the bottom of a seven - man - deep pile up behind you .
And of course I do n’t mind you dragging that wheelie case behind you as you meander from side to side , blissfully unaware of the amount of space you ’re taking up .
Stand on the right of the escalator you moron !
I have to get past , and by golly I ’ll push if I have to ! — did you not hear me before ?
I ’m busy !
And important !
Gah !
5 . You think anywhere outside Zone 2 is too far to travel Crystal Palace ?
Where ’s that ?
Is that in Zone two ?
Zone three , you say ?
Oh , gosh no .
I ’m far too busy to travel all that way !
I mean it ’s MILES !
Can I even get a signal on my BlackBerry in Crystal Palace ?
I ’m snowed you know .
I have calls to take !
6 . It surprises you to meet people who have English as a first language
You mean you were actually born here ?
How weird !
I thought you ’d be from Latvia .
Or Brazil .
7 . Purple hair and ballet tutus are acceptable attire
Well , of course not for me , but I no longer blink in surprise when they float past me in Sainsbury ’s .
Although I ’ve been itching to try something more daring …
In fact , when I get my next haircut , unless it ’s going in four different directions and I ca n’t see out from under my fringe , I ’m not paying for it .
OK ?
Skinny jeans and dirty , ripped T shirts ?
I should jolly well hope so !
Let ’s all fuck off to Shoreditch and practice looking bored .
8 . You feel superior to non Londoners
How much for three pints of beer ?
Seven pounds , you say ?
Oh , that ’s hilarious !
In London , Seven quid would n’t even buy you one !
Oh , I want to move here !
But on my London salary .
Haw haw .
Look !
You even have self service checkouts !
How quaint !
Yeah , we had those in London ages ago .
They ’re really great for me when I have to fly in and out because I ’m sooo busy .
And really , hideously important .
What ’s that you said ?
You coughed , but I could have sworn you just called me a twat …?
9 . Fresh air smells funny
Oh , my God , that ’s so weird .
I just blew my nose and my snot was n’t black !
Mind if I stand in your garage with the car engine running for a bit ?
My nostrils are burning from all this excess oxygen and I feel rather sick .
10 .
You find the sound of sirens comforting Well , at least it means the police are doing their job .
Sort of .
What was that bang ?
Oh , sure it was just a car backfiring .
I ’ll know tomorrow anyway because I wo n’t be able to move for police tape .
Although it had better not make me late for work .
I ’m stacked at the moment .
Anyway , silence is well … unnerving .
Put this on : Facebook Twitter Digg Reddit Technorati Delicious Stumbleupon
The first of Yatom 's strokes occurred when Netanyahu offered his opinion that the 911 attacks on Washington and New York " were good . "
The second followed a session in which Netanyahu insisted that Iran and Nazi Germany were identical .
And the third occurred after the Prime Minister declared Iran 's nuclear energy program was a " flying gas chamber , " and that all Jews everywhere " lived permanently in Auschwitz . "
Yatom's efforts to calm Netanyahu 's hysteria were extremely taxing emotionally and routinely ended in failure .
" The alibi is always the same with him , " complained another diary entry .
" The Jews are on the verge of annihilation at the hands of the racist goyim and the only way to save the day is to carry out one final massacre . "
Psychiatrist of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Commits Suicide
Anguished Suicide Note Cites ' Deluge of Doublethink ' In Driving Kind - Hearted Shrink to Despair
Michael K. Smith
Legalienation News Bureau
The second Rachel Corey bulldozing !!!
Moshe Yatom , a prominent Israeli psychiatrist who successfully cured the most extreme forms of mental illness throughout a distinguished career , was found dead at his home in Tel Aviv yesterday from an apparent self - inflicted gunshot wound .
A suicide note at his side explained that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has been his patient for the last nine years , had " sucked the life right out of me . "
" I ca n't take it anymore , " wrote Yatom .
" Robbery is redemption , apartheid is freedom , peace activists are terrorists , murder is self - defense , piracy is legality , Palestinians are Jordanians , annexation is liberation , there 's no end to his contradictions .
Freud promised rationality would reign in the instinctual passions , but he never met Bibi Netanyahu .
This guy would say Gandhi invented brass knuckes . "
Psychiatrists are familiar with the human tendency to massage the truth to avoid confronting emotionally troubling material , but Yatom was apparently stunned at what he called the " waterfall of lies " gushing from his most illustrious patient .
His personal diary details the steady disintegration of his once invincible personality under the barrage of self - serving rationalizations put forth by Netanyahu .
" I 'm completely shocked , " said neighbor Yossi Bechor , whose family regularly vacationed with Yatom 's family .
" Moshe was the epitome of the fully - integrated personality and had cured dozens of schizophrenics before beginning work on Bibi .
There was no outward indication that his case was any different from the others . "
But it was .
Yatom grew increasingly depressed at his complete lack of progress in getting the Prime Minister to acknowledge reality , and he eventually suffered a series of strokes when attempting to grasp Netanyahu 's thinking , which he characterized in one diary entry as " a black hole of self - contradiction . "
The first of Yatom 's strokes occurred when Netanyahu offered his opinion that the 911 attacks on Washington and New York " were good . "
The second followed a session in which Netanyahu insisted that Iran and Nazi Germany were identical .
And the third occurred after the Prime Minister declared Iran 's nuclear energy program was a " flying gas chamber , " and that all Jews everywhere " lived permanently in Auschwitz . "
Yatom's efforts to calm Netanyahu 's hysteria were extremely taxing emotionally and routinely ended in failure .
" The alibi is always the same with him , " complained another diary entry .
" The Jews are on the verge of annihilation at the hands of the racist goyim and the only way to save the day is to carry out one final massacre . "
Yatom was apparently working on converting his diary into a book about the Netanyahu case .
Several chapters of an unfinished manuscript , entitled " Psychotic On Steroids , " were found in his study .
The excerpt below offers a rare glimpse at the inner workings of a Prime Minister 's mind , at the same time as it reveals the daunting challenge Yatom faced in seeking to guide it to rationality :
Monday , March 8
" Bibi came by at three for his afternoon session .
At four he refused to leave and claimed my house was actually his .
Then he locked me in the basement overnight while he lavishly entertained his friends upstairs .
When I tried to escape , he called me a terrorist and put me in shackles .
I begged for mercy , but he said he could hardly grant it to someone who did n't even exist . "
Drupal Cheat Sheet Desktop Wallpaper
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Drupal Cheat Sheet Desktop Wallpaper , a desktop wallpaper that features most popular variables of the open source content management system Drupal .
The wallpaper was created by In this post we release a yet another freebie : a , a desktop wallpaper that features most popular variables of the open source content management system Drupal .
The wallpaper was created by Giovanni Scala for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
Download the wallpapers for free !
Features
This pack is a set of wallpapers for Drupal developers showcasing available Drupal variables and their descriptions in a compact overview .
Page.tpl.php defines the main skeleton for the page ,
defines the main skeleton for the page , Node.tpl.php controls the display of a node , and a node summary ,
controls the display of a node , and a node summary , Comment.tpl.php defines the HTML for the comments block ,
defines the HTML for the comments block , Block.tpl.php contains theme implementation to display a block ( left and / or right side of page ) ,
contains theme implementation to display a block ( left and / or right side of page ) , Box.tpl.php prints a simple HTML box around a page element .
Blockbox
Comment
Node
Page
Behind the design
As always , here are some insights from the designer :
Web developers typically work with many windows and applications opened at the same time , so why do n’t use a wallpaper background to help remembering most used variables without opening a yet another window ?
Many users have alrealdy appreciated the Wordpress Help Sheet Wallpaper , so we hope that the Drupal theme developers will enjoy this one , too .
Thank you , Giovanni .
We appreciate your work and your good intentions .
You may want to take a look at related articles :
An investigation into Toronto businessman Nazim Gillani 's business affairs thrust a GTA private investigator into a world peppered with allegations of cocaine use , laundered money , a " pump and dump " stock fraud , busty hookers and political intrigue .
Ultimately , it led private eye Derek Snowdy to a plain boardroom at a Conservative party lawyer 's office in Toronto Friday morning , where he laid out allegations that involved cabinet minister Helena Guergis , husband Rahim Jaffer and Gillani .
" I talked , they listened .
They asked a lot of questions , " said Snowdy , in an interview with the Star .
" They asked me back the next morning and then by noon came the announcement . "
The announcement was that Guergis was resigning as Minister of State , Status of Women and that Prime Minister Stephen Harper had kicked her out of the Tory caucus and called in the police to investigate serious allegations .
What those allegations are has been a giant mystery on Parliament Hill for the past week .
The Star learned that private investigator Snowdy was the " third party " Harper said made the allegations .
We contacted Snowdy and he provided details .
Whether the specific allegations Snowdy presented to Cassels Brock & Blackwell LLP lawyer Arthur Hamilton are true is unknown .
The RCMP have assigned Commercial Crime Insp. John Kueper to get to the bottom of the case .
The central allegation Snowdy presented is that Gillani , an accused fraudster , claimed to Snowdy that three offshore companies in Belize – a tax haven – had been " reserved " to hold cash for Guergis and Jaffer .
Snowdy said he also told the Tory lawyer that Gillani boasted that he had cellphone pictures of Jaffer and Guergis partying with high - class escorts when cocaine was being snorted .
The Star , in its investigation of Gillani , has found that while some of the things he boasts about are true , often his boasts are groundless .
He 's a big talker , bragging of ties to Hells Angels ( sources say this is true ) ; that his " Bloor St. office " is a strip club ( true ) ; and that he is able to get low - interest government loans ( unknown ) ; that Jaffer , a former MP , has opened up the Prime Minister 's office to him ( Harper says untrue ) .
Guergis , presented by the Star with a synopsis of the allegations Snowdy made , emailed that she could not comment .
" Thank you for your phone call .
I would very much like to answer not only your questions , but all those of your media colleagues and in due course I will try .
I 'm sure you can appreciate it is very difficult to answer allegations based on innuendo from anonymous sources .
Nevertheless , I intend to defend myself to the fullest extent to ensure that the record is set straight , " Guergis 's email states .
The Prime Minister 's Office has confirmed that a Tory party lawyer had informed Guergis of the allegations against her last Friday afternoon .
According to Snowdy , he began investigating Gillani early in 2009 .
A client alleged he had lost money in a deal .
Snowdy will not identify his client .
" There is a reason the title is `private ' investigator , " Snowdy said .
The client was a part owner of a company that had hooked up with Gillani , whose company International Strategic Investments purports to be able to finance business deals and take a company public .
As Snowdy started looking into Gillani he found other businesses who , like the original client , claimed they had been the victim of a fraud by Gillani .
Snowdy said the original client remains too afraid to come forward because an associate of Gillani 's threatened the man with " a gun in his ribs . "
Also , Snowdy said Gillani has claimed he has compromising photographs of the client with a stripper in the VIP lounge at Club Paradise in Toronto .
The client has told Snowdy that Gillani is blackmailing him .
The claim of compromising photographs is one the Star has heard from businessmen who have crossed paths with Gillani – others have been warned that there are photos of them , and a former bouncer at the club told the Star Gillani often spread around thousands of dollars in cash ( all in twenties ) at the club , and used his cellphone camera to take photographs of his guests with girls " between their legs . "
The bouncer quit the club after numerous incidents , including one in which a stripper knifed another stripper .
Snowdy said the nervous client left him with no choice but to pose as a potential business contact in an attempt to gather more information on Gillani .
Snowdy said his goal was to gather information to help his client retrieve money , and possibly help his client present allegations against Gillani to police .
Snowdy said he met with Gillani several times and Gillani made numerous boasts .
Gillani , said he had an " equity position " in Cachet Ladies , an escort firm in Toronto .
( Cachet Ladies is the firm where Jasmine , Gillani 's girlfriend of the past year , works as an escort . )
Gillani said he liked to " party " with girls and cocaine , and enjoyed great service at Club Paradise .
Gillani also boasted to Snowdy ( and others the Star has interviewed ) that he had numerous " shell companies " offshore that could be sold to them as part of their ongoing partnership .
Disgruntled businessmen have told the Star that Gillani is a " pump and dump " man – someone who takes a company public , drives up the shares , then cashes out and dumps the company .
Snowdy said that Gillani also boasted he was good friends with Jaffer , a man Gillani told Snowdy had great political connections in the Tory party .
At a meeting in the Spice Trader restaurant on Queen St. W. in July 2009 , Snowdy said Gillani showed him a series of companies , and claimed that Jaffer and " his wife " had three companies reserved for them , all in Belize .
Further , Gillani claimed Guergis had " a contact in Belize that set everything up . "
Snowdy checked and with a simple review of government press releases saw that Guergis had visited Belize in July 2008 .
Guergis was Secretary of Trade for Foreign Affairs and International Trade at the time .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Gillani indicated three of ( the companies ) were taken by Jaffer and his wife , " Snowdy said Wednesday , adding that Gillani allegedly boasted that government grants would somehow be obtained , which would help " pump " the stock to a lucrative point .
This allegation , first presented to the Tory party by Snowdy last Thursday evening in an 11 p.m. phone call , is not backed up by any document or other information the Star could find .
However , the Star did obtain an email Gillani sent to associates on Sept. 11 , 2009 , boasting that " Mr. Jaffer has opened up the Prime Minister 's Office to us and as a result of that dinner – he today advised me that he is just as excited as we are and joining our team seems to be the next logical step . "
This boast from Gillani came the day after a dinner at Harbour 60 steak house in Toronto , where Jaffer openly told people he could help get government assistance .
The Prime Minister 's office has denied that Jaffer has any access at all .
Early the next morning , Jaffer was arrested for drunk driving , speeding and possession of cocaine .
The charges were dropped and he pleaded guilty to a charge of careless driving .
The source of the cocaine has never been revealed .
At one point over the course of Snowdy 's meetings with Gillani ( there were at least three ) , Snowdy said he asked Gillani how he " could keep Jaffer in line . "
Gillani waved his cellphone , implying that he had photographs to back up his story .
" I party with Rahim and his wife and some of my girls . "
Snowdy said he has turned information over to Tory lawyer Hamilton , including an allegation that both Guergis and Jaffer had used cocaine .
How did Snowdy come to do this ?
Snowdy said he had previously tried to pass on some of this information to the police , both to the Ontario Provincial Police and the RCMP .
Snowdy will not say when he did this or to whom he spoke .
After the Star published a story last Thursday detailing the Harbour 60 dinner , Snowdy said he realized he should contact the Tory party .
Snowdy describes himself as a committed member of that party .
Snowdy called an aide to a Tory MP , who passed information up the chain , prompting the call from the Conservative party lawyer on Thursday night .
Snowdy was summoned to the lawyer 's office the next morning for a second interview .
The RCMP 's Commercial Crime office in Ottawa has been asked to investigate .
Snowdy said they have asked to meet him , either in Toronto or at their head office in Ottawa .
Gillani , asked for comment last night , did not respond .
His recently hired spokesman , Brian Kilgore , whose website bills him both as a public relations expert and dog photographer , called and said Gillani would not be responding to the Star 's questions .
Kevin Donovan can be reached at ( 416 ) 312-3503 or kdonovan@thestar.ca
Read more about :
Two decades after the Exxon Valdez oil spill , cleanup technology has progressed so little that the biggest advancement in the Gulf of Mexico disaster  at least in the public ’s mind  is an oil - water separator based on a 17 - year - old patent and promoted by the movie star Kevin Costner .
Experts say there have been some improvements in skimmers and other existing technologies since the 1989 Exxon accident in Alaska .
Dispersants to break up oil have been far more widely used in the Deepwater Horizon leak in the gulf than in any previous spill , and they have been used for the first time underwater .
Controlled burns of oil  only tested in 1989  have been conducted regularly in the gulf .
But more significant advances have been hampered by a lack of money for research and laws and regulations that make it difficult to test new ideas and introduce improved equipment .
In the gulf spill , the laying of boom and the skimming of oil remain a last , and not completely effective , line of defense for coastal areas .
Skimming , for instance , cannot be done in rough seas and is often limited to daylight hours because of the difficulties in detecting oil at night .
Even officials with BP , the company responsible for the gulf spill and cleanup , acknowledge that most of the equipment in use represents improvements in old technology , and cite the lack of major spills in the past two decades as one reason .
Countless hours in the practice room and rhythm changes or a simple bridge to a tune still giving you a tough time ?
This is a familiar situation to everyone of all levels .
I used to waste hours mindlessly practicing , thinking that there was some secret I was missing , or if I just kept improvising over the changes , I would eventually just get it .
Or maybe it was n’t the changes at all , but maybe it was something faulty with my equipment .
Oh yes , that had to be it .
If I could just get my hands on the right mouthpiece or that latest ligature then … that had to be it !!!
This attitude is completely delusional , yet many of us continue to think this way for years !
Playing over a tune constantly , hoping that eventually you ’ll play well over it is a mindless pursuit , as is blaming your equipment for your shortcomings as an improviser .
In actuality , the problem is not external .
We hold in our mind what we will play before we even pick up our horn , therefore , to change what we are going to play , we have to change what ’s stored in our mind .
Sure , when you practice your instrument , your mind is altering its stored information , but what if you could simply go directly to your mind and start fixing the bugs ?
That is where visualization comes into the picture .
Defining Visualization
The dictionary defines visualization as the formation of mental images .
For the purposes of this article , think of it as creating a mental image of chord tones and progressions in the mind ’s eye , accompanied by a tactile and aural sense .
Do n’t worry if you do n’t completely understand yet .
It will become extremely clear as we progress .
Mental Roadblocks
Ok .
So you ’re soloing over a familiar tune and everything is going great .
You ’re feeling good and then all of sudden , you hesitate for a moment .
You think to yourself , “ What chord am I on ? ”
By the time you figure it out , the chord is long gone .
When your mind stumbles on a roadblock like that , your flow is broken and all sense of creativity is lost .
These roadblocks that exist in our minds are made up of lapses in time .
They could be the time that it takes to know the chord you ’re on , the right notes to play , where you are in a tune etc .
They could be seconds long or they could be milliseconds .
The point is that if they are there , that is bad .
Practicing visualization reduces the time it takes to recall elements of the tune , until they are ingrained in your mind .
In time , these mental roadblocks will disappear .
Then , when you do go to the practice room or the bandstand , you ’ll be armed with the confidence to have a more productive , positive , and fun experience .
Removing Roadblocks
Gradually , one by one these roadblocks can be removed , until all that is left is a super highway of your own creativity .
How do you do this ?
Start with the exercises below and practice them diligently everyday .
They really do n’t take much of a time commitment and the rewards are huge .
I ’ve written out an entire series of exercises that I put on my night stand and for fifteen minutes before I go to bed , I simply run through them .
Once you get proficient in visualization , you ’ll be able to do it anywhere and take advantage of the many segments throughout the day that you have a few minutes to kill .
Why Visualization is so Effective
When you are visualizing , your mind does n’t know that your body is not actually engaging in the real activity .
By working directly with your mind , as opposed to your body and then your mind , you are going straight to the source .
Check out what Jerry Bergonzi says in his wonderful book which I highly recommend for anyone at any level , Melodic Structures :
“ With the use of visualization , the mind actually teaches the body and the mind remembers what the body is more apt to forget .
The mind visualizes what the body does in multi-dimensional fashion .
It practices the fingerings and the notes , it hears the sound and the content , it feels the intention , the emotion , and the nuances of what is played .
The body then follows suit .
The body teaching the mind is actually a backward process and for this reason through the use of visualization we are able to learn more quickly .
Wherever you have a difficult time mentally is where you will encounter problems playing on your instrument .
Work it out mentally and you will no longer have these problems .
With practice , whatever you are able to visualize you will then be able to play ” ( Bergonzi , 32 ) .
Not convinced yet ?
Well you should be , but if that ’s not enough , Bergonzi adds that “ Very often ten minutes of visualization is equivalent to two hours of physical practice ” ( Bergonzi 32 ) .
With a return on your time like that , why would n’t you want to spend as much time doing this as possible ?!
Getting Started with Visualization
It may take a few days to get comfortable visualizing , but after the initial phase , it will be easy .
Start out with this simple exercise :
Sit somewhere comfortable where you will not be disturbed .
Later you will be able to do this anywhere , but right now use all the help you can get .
In your mind ’s eye , see the chord symbol for C Major ( I try to keep things as simple as possible , so even for C major seven , I would just visualize the image below )
Congratulations you just visualized !
Easy right ?
Ok enough , celebration we ’ve only just begun .
Now see a music staff below the chord symbol
Once you can clearly visualize the chord symbol with the staff , add the root of the chord to the picture .
Now you are going to add an aural sense to the equation .
Hear how you think that root sounds on that C Major chord .
Often I hear piano and I try to hear a solid pitch .
Do n’t worry about the absolute pitch .
I do not have perfect pitch , however , through these exercises , coupled with daily ear training , you will develop the necessary relative pitch to hear chord motion while visualizing .
As you get more advanced , you will want to learn how to hear the chord in the background of the pitch you are focusing on as well .
Next add a tactile sense .
Feel exactly how it would feel to play that note on your instrument .
If you play saxophone like me , at this point you will be seeing the image of the C Major chord symbol above a staff with the note ‘ C ’ on it , while you are hearing the note ring in your head , and feeling how it would be like to push the key down with your left middle finger .
So that is basic visualization .
Here are some variations to try before moving on :
See , hear , and feel ( all at the same time ) different chord tones on the C Major chord .
For example , after you have done the root , try the third , and then the fifth and so on , until you have visualized all the chord tones .
Try visualizing pairs of notes .
A valuable pair as you would have guessed is three - seven .
You could see them as a block chord or try seeing a half - note of the third and a half - note of the seventh .
Experiment with groups of three , four , or even five notes .
The possibilities are endless .
Be creative !
Practice these steps until it is second nature to be able to see , hear , and feel chords and chord tones in your head simultaneously .
When you feel confident , begin to apply these steps to some progressions .
Applying Visualization to Common Chord Progressions
Since the ii-V - I is so common , it is always a good place to start .
In this exercise , we are going to visualize a ii -V - I in C major .
Follow these steps to get a handle on visualizing through progressions :
Again , sit somewhere where you wo n’t be bothered to avoid distractions while you are first starting out .
First , see the chord symbols in your mind ’s eye .
Next add the staff
Now add the roots of the chords to the picture
Add the sound of each note and this time try to hear the chord in the background as well .
Keep the note on the staff the prominent sound though .
Feel the notes under your fingers as you progress from one chord to the next in time .
( Yes , eventually you want to keep a consistent tempo through the progression )
Now visualize half notes of the third and seventh of each chord , progressing in time from one chord to the next .
Pay special attention to the transitions as the seventh of one chord goes to the third of the next .
Loop step 7 until you can instantaneously ‘ feel ’ the chord tones , even before you arrive to them in the exercise .
For instance , you are thinking of D- , yet you feel , see , and hear G7 before you even get there .
Visualizing the third and seventh as in step # 7 is essential to hearing a progression operate in your mind ’s ear .
After practicing these resolutions , your ear will guide you through the changes much more smoothly .
Your dependency on background tracks or comping instruments will diminish and you will feel much more confident .
Visualization Drills Based on Common Chord progressions
Here are some drills based on frequently encountered chord progressions .
They are selected from the exercises that I run through each night and they continue to help me tremendously .
Endless Possibilities of Visualization
This is just a starting point .
After working on these exercises for a while , start to create your own .
Try experimenting with :
Different chord tone combos
Altered chord tones , b9 , # 9 , b5 , b13 etc .
Other chord progressions that you encounter frequently
Any progression that gives you a tough time
Blues changes
Rhythm changes
Standards you are working on
Jazz visualization is so important and effective , that we actually have crafted a Jazzadvice Course on Jazz Visualization to help you master all the necessary pieces of it !
So if you want to take your jazz chord , tune , and progression skills to the nest level , make sure to checkout the course …
The possibilities of applying visualization to help you become a better improviser are literally endless .
Have fun trying it out and stay tuned for plenty more about visualization in the future !
He has also been a guest host on the channel 's breakfast show .
NBC wants him to stay and has offered him a show which would be the equivalent of his ITV series , Piers Morgan 's Life Stories , on which he recently interviewed former Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
It was an ignominious end for Ms. Thomas , who helped clear the path for countless women in journalism , and was bestowed with the unofficial title of dean of the White House press corps .
Few White House correspondents were ever afforded the level of deference she has been shown by presidents and fellow reporters .
Her front row seat bears a small plaque with her name , the only seat in the briefing room designated by the name of a person , not a news organization .
Image Ms. Thomas questioned President Obama at a news conference last month .
A longtime White House correspondent with a designated seat , she recently said Jews should “ get the hell out of Palestine ” and go home “ to Poland , Germany and America . ”
Credit ... Alex Wong / Getty Images
This show of respect continued despite what many in Washington observed to be the increasingly hostile and outlandish nature of her questions in recent years — and despite the fact that her column was not widely read .
Though she has worked as a columnist for Hearst for the last 10 years , she was known more for her presence at White House press conferences than for her writing .
Ms. Thomas seemed particularly critical of the Iraq war and repeatedly pointed out during White House briefings that the American - led invasion was costing civilian lives .
Dana Perino , a press secretary under President George W. Bush , once scolded Ms. Thomas , saying that the United States regretted the war ’s civilian toll .
Ms. Thomas , unmoved , shot back , “ Regret , it does n’t bring back a life . ”
“ The rules have been different for Helen for many years , and only for Helen , ” said Ari Fleischer , another Bush press secretary who had called on Ms. Thomas to step down after she made her latest remarks about Israel and the Jews .
“ Helen earned that right , and she was treated differently .
And I never minded it .
I enjoyed my ideological thrust and parry with Helen . ”
He added , “ And sadly she brought this on herself . ”
Mr. Fleischer is just one of many of Washington ’s most powerful figures who has clashed with Ms. Thomas over the years .
President Kennedy once remarked that she would be “ a nice girl if she ’d ever get rid of that pad and pencil . ”
And Colin Powell , the former secretary of state , once jokingly griped , “ Is n’t there a war somewhere we could send her to ? ”
Paris , June 23rd 2010 – A document leaked from the Presidency of the EU reveals that Member States are pushing for new criminal sanctions into the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) , a few days ahead of the next negotiation round .
The proposal stated in this document reveals how illegitimate and dangerous the whole ACTA process is , while exposing the scary position of the EU calling for more repression of non - for - profit usages … and their incitation .
The ninth round of negotiations of ACTA will begin in a few days in Luzern , Switzerland .
A new leaked text , dated April 7th , proves that Member States , through the Presidency of the Council of the European Union , are negotiating the toughest parts of ACTA .
The fact that the Presidency is negotiating along with the Commission by itself shows that ACTA goes way beyond the scope of a regular trade agreement .
Criminal sanctions ( jail sentences ! ) being negotiated and not debated by elected representatives in democratic arenas , is more than shocking .
Such a blatant denial of democracy justifies by itself a rejection of the whole ACTA process , whatever the agreed text might be .
But the content of the position pushed by the Member States of the EU is even more disturbing .
The Presidency document states that “ The Position of the Member States of the European Union is still under examination ” with regard to article 2.14.1 that covers copyright or related rights infringements .
As visible in the released ACTA text , some proposals for 2.14.1 explicitly plan to apply criminal sanctions to “ infringements that have no direct or indirect motivation of financial gain ” , and others give a definition of financial gain that include obtaining anything without paying .
The EU is clearly pushing for new criminal sanctions on counterfeiting and copyright infrigement that will also target non-commercial usages .
If criminal sanctions for non -for - profit transfers of data is included in the final version of article 2.14.1 , criminal sanctions for “ inciting , aiding and abetting ” will automatically apply .
Consequences for freedom of expression and innovation on the Internet could be devastating .
“ The ACTA agreement , by its opacity and undemocratic nature , allows criminal sanctions to be simply negotiated .
The leaked document shows that the EU Member States are willing to impose prison sanctions for non-commercial usages of copyrighted works on the Internet as well as for ‘ inciting and aiding ’ , a notion so broad that it could cover any Internet service or speech questioning copyright policies .
EU citizens should interrogate their governments about their support to policies that obviously attack freedom of speech , privacy and innovation .
Around the next round of negotiations and beyond , ACTA should be restlessly combatted and opposed worldwide . ” concludes Jérémie Zimmermann , spokesperson for citizen advocacy group La Quadrature du Net .
Like bubbles bursting on the surface of a glass of champagne , ' bubbles ' in our Galaxy burst and leave flecks of material in the form of clouds of hydrogen gas , researchers using CSIRO 's Parkes telescope have found .
Their study explains the origin of these clouds for the first time .
Swinburne University PhD student Alyson Ford ( now at the University of Michigan ) and her supervisors ; Dr Naomi McClure - Griffiths ( CSIRO Astronomy and Space Science ) and Felix Lockman ( US National Radio Astronomy Observatory ) , have made the first detailed observations of ' halo ' gas clouds in our Galaxy .
Just as Earth has an atmosphere , the main starry disk of our Galaxy is surrounded by a thinner halo of stars , gas and ' dark matter ' .
The halo clouds skim the surface of our Galaxy , sitting 400 to 10 000 light - years outside the Galactic disk .
They are big : an average - sized cloud contains hydrogen gas 700 times the mass of the Sun and is about 200 light - years across .
" We 're studying the clouds to understand what role they play in recycling material between the disk and halo , " Dr McClure - Griffiths said .
advertisement
" The clouds can fall back down into the main body of the Galaxy , returning gas to it . "
The researchers studied about 650 clouds and found striking differences between them in different areas of the Galaxy .
One part of the Galaxy had three times as many clouds as another next to it , and the clouds were twice as thick .
The region with lots of thick clouds is where lots of stars form , while the region with fewer clouds also forms fewer stars .
But the halo clouds are n't found exactly where stars are forming right now .
Instead , they seem to be linked to earlier star formation .
Massive stars grow old quickly .
After a few million years they shed material into space as a ' wind ' and then explode .
advertisement
This violence creates bubbles in the gas in space , like the holes in a Swiss cheese .
" Stellar winds and explosions sweep up gas from the Galactic disk into the lower halo .
" We 've found this churned - up gas is ' spritzing ' the surface of the Galactic disk in the form of halo clouds . "
A star - forming region is active for less than a million years , but a super - bubble in the Galaxy takes 20 or 30 million years to form .
" Just as yeast takes a while to make wine bubbly , stars take a while to make the Galaxy bubbly , " Dr McClure - Griffiths said .
The halo clouds are distinct from a larger population of ' high - velocity clouds ' that also sail outside the galaxy .
The halo clouds move in tandem with the rotating Galaxy , while the high - velocity clouds scud along much faster .
This study is the first to accurately locate the halo clouds in relation to the main body of the Galaxy .
Its findings were presented at a news conference at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Miami , Florida .
While few Japanese these days actually eat whale , criticism of the whale hunts has long been resented here as a form of Western cultural imperialism .
During the long tenure of the Liberal Democratic Party , whaling was one of the sacred cows of Japanese politics , embraced by a group of nationalist lawmakers within the party who saw it as a rare issue where Tokyo could appeal to conservatives by waving the flag and saying no to Washington .
The question now is whether Mr. Hatoyama ’s Democratic Party of Japan , which swept aside the Liberal Democratic Party in last summer ’s elections , will include whaling in its promised housecleaning of Japan ’s postwar order .
While there is also a group of pro-whaling lawmakers in the new governing party , it is much smaller , with just a few active members .
However , the leader of the group , Tadamasa Kodaira , said in an interview that the Democratic Party was firmly committed to research whaling .
Last summer , the party ’s election platform included promises to seek a resumption of commercial whaling , though it did not specifically mention the government - run research program .
In an interview , Mr. Kodaira said he recognized that Japan ’s whaling industry had shrunk to just a few hundred jobs , mostly paid for by the government .
However , he said that the recent aggressive actions of foreign environmental groups like the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , which has clashed with Japanese whaling ships near the Antarctic , had fanned popular ire , making it impossible for Tokyo to compromise now .
“ We ca n’t change now because it would look like giving in , ” said Mr. Kodaira , a lawmaker from the northern island of Hokkaido .
“ Will we have to give up tuna next ? ”
So far , the Democratic Party has left the program untouched .
In November , Japan ’s whaling fleet left for the Antarctic as scheduled , returning this month with a catch of 507 minke and fin whales , well below the planned take of up to 985 whales , according to the Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries .
The ministry blamed the shortfall on the Sea Shepherd society ’s obstructions .
Officials said that one reason the program remained hard to cut was that its budget was so small : only $ 86 million , of which only $ 17 million is paid for by the government in cash or zero- interest loans , according to a freelance journalist , Junko Sakuma , who has written extensively about whaling .
The rest comes from the sale of whale meat , mostly that of the nonendangered minke whales .
news G20 Live : Saturday
This weekend , Torontoist is covering the G20 summit live , all day and all night , both from the streets and from the inside .
Updates — from our reporters , photographers , and readers — are in reverse - chronological order below .
Our full G20 coverage is collected here ; you can also follow us on Twitter .
Toronto
Fire extinguish a police car set on fire by protesters .
Torontoist ’s videos from the scene , shot by Ryan Walker , are here .
Photo by Christopher Drost / Torontoist .
SATURDAY
HOW TO SEND US UPDATES
We want your G20 stories , photos , links , and tips .
Email [ email protected ] , send updates to @torontoist on Twitter , or submit your photos to Torontoist ’s Flickr pool .
6:16 AM : Just published : a collection of photos of a chaotic Saturday on the streets of Toronto , with some of the best shots from Torontoist ’s photographers ( and a few of our readers as well ) .
Three of those photos :
Top photo by salty_soul from the Torontoist Flickr Pool ; middle photo by Remi Carreiro / Torontoist ; bottom photo by Ryan Walker / Torontoist .
The full set of sixty - two photos , presented as a timeline , is here .
Torontoist ’s live coverage will resume again here in a few hours .
DT
4:57 AM : Christopher Drost sends these photos , of arrested protesters outside of Eastern Avenue ’s temporary detention centre being put into the back of a police van :
The photos were taken after 3 a.m. this Sunday morning .
DT
2:42 AM : Our live coverage for today is winding down , as you can no doubt tell if you ’ve been following us since this morning .
At Eastern Avenue , outside the temporary detention centre , some protesters are now being arrested , reported Sarah Barmak moments ago ; our Chris Drost and Chris Bird , also on the scene now , are confirming that arrests are being made .
We ’re also currently putting together a gallery of as - yet unpublished photos from Torontoist ’s photographers and readers , from Saturday .
When it ’s online , we ’ll link to it here .
DT
1:53 AM : From Eastern
Avenue , we ’re receiving reports that Jesse Rosenfeld ‘s parents and girlfriend are with other protesters outside of the temporary detention centre on Eastern Avenue .
Protesters are right now outnumbered three to one , reporter Sarah Barmak is tweeting from the site .
Earlier , there was dancing .
DT
1:14 AM : Just circled Queen ’s Park , both north and south , and it ’s deserted .
No cops at all , and no people except for two guys smoking on a park bench .
Oddly , no litter at all .
It ’s like today never happened .
( Although there is some horse poop . )
ES
1:01 AM : As best as we can tell , the city is quieting down again .
An hour ago , Kelli Korducki , at Queen and Augusta , reported back to us about a “ gigantic bloc of riot cops … with no protesters . ”
At 12:51 a.m. , John Semley spotted “ no fewer than thirty bike cops at Augusta and Dundas , apparently waiting for some group coming down Spadina . ”
Over at the temporary detention centre on Eastern Avenue , meanwhile , it ’s “ protesters protesters protesters , ” tweets NOW .
DT
12:07 AM : We ’ve learned that the reporter arrested at the Novotel Hotel earlier tonight , who Steve Paikin claims he saw “ assaulted , ” is Jesse Rosenfeld .
Rosenfeld is a Guardian freelancer , on assignment with the U.K. paper ; on Friday , he filed “ Rejecting G20 ’s consensus of the few ” for the paper .
DT
11:59 PM : Steve Paikin , host of The Agenda on TVO , was at the demonstration at the Esplanade earlier , and says he witnessed a “ totally unneccessary ” assault by police , on a reporter claiming to be with The Guardian .
Right now he is tweeting @spaikin .
Some of those tweets :
i saw police brutality tonight .
it was unnecessary .
they asked me to leave the site or they would arrest me .
i told them i was dong my job .
they repeated they would arrest me if i did n’t leave .
as i was escorted away from the demonstration , i saw two officers hold a journalist .
the journalist identified himself as working for “ the guardian . ” he talked too much and pissed the police off .
two officers held him ….
a third punched him in the stomach .
totally unnecessary .
the man collapsed .
then the third officer drove his elbow into the man ’s back .
no cameras recorded the assault .
and it was an assault .
the officer who escorted me away from the demo said , “ yeah , that should n’t have happened . ” he is correct .
there was no cause for it .
i can appreciate that the police were on edge today , after seeing four or five of their cruisers burned .
but why such overreaction tonight ?
the demonstration on the esplanade was peaceful .
it was like an old sit in .
no one was aggressive .
and yet riot squad officers moved in .
police on one side screamed at the crowd to leave one way .
then police on the other side said leave the other way .
there was no way out .
so the police just started arresting people .
i stress , this was a peaceful , middle class , diverse crowd .
no anarchists literally more than 100 officers with guns pointing at the crowd .
rubber bullets and smoke bombs ready to be fired .
rubber bullets fired i was “ escorted ” away by police so could n’t see how many arrested , but it must have been dozens .
we must make a distinction between the “ thugs ” who broke store windows and torched cop cars and the very reasonable citizens who . just wanted to remind the authorities that the freedom to speak and assemble should n’t disappear because world leaders come to town .
Individual tweets within the space of a paragraph above are demarcated with a symbol .
DT
11:34 PM : Protesters outside the Novotel Hotel on the Esplanade are being arrested en masse , according to the Globe ‘s Anna Mehler Paperny .
Global ’s Mark McAllister tweeted that police are trying to break the protest up .
DT
11:31 PM : One more update [ from Queen Street West ] : the police , with a small mounted regimen , are moving west on queen .
Beyond Cameron .
Wondering how far west this will go ?
KK
11:27 PM : It seems that the Eternal Flame of Hope being extinguished was an omen , after all .
DT
11:16 PM : Biking through Allan Gardens — nothing left of the tent city except wet banners and overflowing garbage bags .
ES
11:11 PM : Deborah Mensah - Bonsu sends this report from Queen Street West , where she was earlier this evening ( and left at 10 p.m . ) :
“ It started with a police car on fire on Queen Street near Spadina .
I got there at about 8:30 p.m .
At first there were no police anywhere in sight , but a large crowd assembled , and it did n’t take too long for the police dressed in riot gear to show up . ”
A police car burns in the foreground , while police in riot gear stand in the background .
Photo by Deborah Mensah - Bonsu / Torontoist .
Police , she reports , “ began pushing the crowd east on foot , and were then joined by police on horses .
These charged the crowd at intervals and everyone started running .
Some people were hit with batons .
Protesters were throwing things like water bottles and rocks at police , as well as breaking windows .
The entire front of the Starbucks at Queen and John Streets was smashed , and a few people went inside to do more damage and steal water bottles .
More riot police began advancing from Richmond Street , and the cops on Queen continued to push the crowd east . ”
Kelli Korducki , at Queen and Cameron now , says that “ not too many people [ are ] left … apart from agitated row of riot cops . ”
Police , she says , are “ beginning to slouch at Cameron .
One gives the order to ‘ Hold this line ’…. no - one anticipated that this would go west of Spadina , but those predictions appear already to be proven wrong . ”
DT
11:10 PM : The Post , meanwhile , is reporting that two of their photographers were arrested today .
DT
10:56 PM : TTC Chair Adam Giambrone tweets that the “ subway and all transit south of the [ Bloor– Danforth ] line will remain closed tonight and reopen @ 9 am ” on Sunday .
Shuttle buses on Parliament and Bathurst are still running , and are still free .
DT
10:51 PM : Line of riot cops on Queen continues pushing westward against increasingly agitated crowd .
“ Disperse or you will be arrested , ” shout cops .
Arrests now happening at Cameron and Queen .
KK
10:31 PM : Torontoist ’s Kelli Korducki reports : “ Riot cops at Cameron and Queen , west of Spadina for the first time today .
Crowd chanting before them . ”
Meanwhile , in Yorkville , a report from reader Stephen Otto , who was “ having a drink at the Hazelton ” patio at 9:45 p.m.
“ Police officers , ” he says , “ came along Yorkville [ patios ] asking patrons to please move inside or make their ways out of the area in the event , as seemed possible , that protesters would choose to march that way …after the warning [ I ] had the chance to pay my bill and scram , so took it . ”
DT
10:16 PM : According to the Integrated Security Unit , the total number of G20 - related arrests as of 9:30 p.m. tonight is 130 .
DT
9:45 PM : When the first police car was set on fire in the midst of protests at King and Bay at 3:45 p.m. today , Torontoist ’s Ryan Walker was there .
He shot two videos .
The first is of the scene after the fire started :
And the second was taken just east , at King and Yonge , with the fire burning in the distance and police in formation :
Walker ’s photos from today , along with others from Torontoist photographers , are coming soon .
DT
9:44 PM : Openings and closures : Bloor Station now fully reopened , the Metro - Central YMCA announces it will be closed tomorrow .
HD
9:41 PM : Tensions are apparently flaring on Queen near John , says Deborah Mensah - Bonsu .
At about 9:35 p.m. mounted officers charged the crowd and people started running .
HD
9:27 PM : Bill Blair is currently updating the media on police activities .
“ Saturday has proven to be a difficult day , ” he said , “ and it remains a challenge tonight and tomorrow . ”
A total of seventy - five people have been apprehended so far and are being held in detention facilities .
Blair confirmed that tear gas has been used but did not confirm the use of rubber bullets , despite numerous reports that these had been fired .
He also blamed the Black Bloc for escalating protests to the point of violence , and estimated the total number of violent protesters to be between twelve and fifteen hundred .
“ We have never seen this wanton destruction , ” Blair said , his tone firm and even angry .
CB & CD .
9:24 PM : Bloor Station has partially reopened .
HD
8:54 PM : The TTC has just closed down Bloor Station due to security concerns .
HD
8:47 PM : Wyndham Bettencourt - McCarthy is reporting that Queen ’s Park north has now been reopened .
680 News , meanwhile , has spotted protesters heading east on Bloor near the ROM .
HD
8:37 PM : Protesting can be joyous , too .
For many people and much of the day , it has been :
Top and bottom photos by saBEEshots ; middle photo by Greengrrl313 , all from the Torontoist Flickr Pool .
We ’ll continue updating from Queen ’s Park and elsewhere as events unfold .
HD
8:23 PM : At Queen ’s Park South at around 6:45 , the mood was calm , and police were standing in two lines , not interacting with protesters .
Then at around 7:20 , without warning , some police broke apart from the lines and ran north into the crowd on foot at seemingly random intervals , some grabbing individual protesters and dragging them back behind police barricades ( where I could n’t see them ) .
Police hit some of the protesters that they grabbed with batons , and other police officers kept advancing towards the crowd and pushing it further north towards the Legislature Building .
Five minutes after first rushing the crowd and having already removed some protesters , a few groups of police ran forward with batons , and began hitting some protesters .
Several unarmed men were beaten to the ground as they curled into the fetal positions — some were crying — while some of those onlookers who begged police to stop were hit with batons themselves .
While quickly running away from police seconds after I saw the men on the ground , a male officer who I had my back to hit me in the side with a baton , above my hip .
A medic from a volunteer group stopped to make sure I was alright after the police stopped advancing ; others were far more in need of medical care .
As I was leaving into the north half of Queen ’s Park , the police rushed into the crowd again , and pushed protesters to the north side of the legislative building .
WBM
Wyndham Bettencourt - McCarthy ’s bruise , about an hour after she was hit by a police officer with a baton .
Photo by Ryan Walker / Torontoist .
8:15 PM : We are hearing scattered reports from our readers about pepper spray in Queen ’s Park and an escalation on Queen Street West .
HD
7:39 PM : Some police officers have their batons out now at Queen ’s Park , says Wyndham Bettencourt - McCarthy .
At least a few protesters have been hit .
HD
7:24 PM : Wyndham Bettencourt - McCarthy is among the protesters at Queen ’s Park .
Police have started charging the crowd , and are dragging some protesters off the scene .
HD
7:21 PM : Those TTC shuttles we mentioned earlier ?
They are free .
Ride in peace .
HD
7:13 PM : Earlier today , protesters smashed windows and threw feces into the American Apparel store at Yonge and Dundas :
Photo by an American Apparel employee from inside the store at Yonge and Dundas .
We ’ll have additional photos of damage later this evening .
HD
7:17 PM : At the McDonald ’s at Yonge and College , an elderly person marvels : “ Usually the washrooms are loaded with bums .
Today , it is cops . ”
KK
7:05 PM : More news from the fence : tensions are growing a bit , and a small but growing contingent of protesters has been asked to head north by the police , says Deborah Mensah - Bonsu .
HD
6:51 PM : Horses charged the crowd [ at Queen ’s Park ] .
Lots of wild running .
Probably more people getting hurt from the stampedes than anything else .
AL
6:43 PM : One of our readers just sent images of another police cruiser on fire , this one on Queen near Spadina :
Photos by David G. Tran .
6:31 PM : If you ’re just joining us , the hot spots right now are Queen Street between University and Spadina , and Queen ’s Park .
HD
6:26 PM : Deborah Mensah - Bonsu is down near the security perimeter , where so far things are quiet and calm .
At York and Wellington right now , she says , it is “ just pedestrians walking around , one guy with a boom box , and a few dudes dancing to rock tunes . ”
HD
6:21 PM : An update from the TTC : shuttle buses are now running from Bathurst Station to Front Street , and Parliament buses are running between Castle Frank Station and Front Street .
HD
6:13 PM : One of our photographers , Andrew Louis , is at Queen ’s Park .
He is reporting that rocks are being thrown , and clouds of smoke are popping up .
Unclear if these are tear gas , flares , or something else .
5:53 PM : “ Toronto is exceptionally safe , ” reiterates Miller .
He advises people to exercise care downtown , but also points out that our neighbourhoods are full of people celebrating World Cup games and going about their ordinary lives .
HD
5:43 PM : Mayor Miller ’s just finishing a press conference , expressing anger at what is happening in Toronto today .
He ’s asking everyone to stay calm , and is outraged that a small group of more violent protesters is hijacking the more peaceable protests of the majority .
Said the mayor : “ People have a right to freedom of speech .
The sad fact is that there are some groups — they call themselves anarchists though I do n’t know why , I think criminals would be a better term — who are using this …I do n’t think you can blame organisers of a legitimate protest for any of that . ”
When asked by a reporter to comment on the sense some people have that the police have been heavy - handed , Miller responded with a strong defence of Bill Blair and the TPS : “ I think we should be very proud of the Toronto Police Service .
I think they do a commendable job .
These are difficult circumstances . ”
HD
5:41 PM : Two reports filed earlier today in our G20 Dispatches series , by Christopher Bird and Christopher Drost : the first ‘s about Jack Layton , who we ran into in the International Media Centre washroom ; the second is about how true stories ( whether they ’re about protesters or police ) get turned into something less than truthful .
DT
5:37 PM : Toronto Police Sergeant Tim Burrows has confirmed to 680 News that despite wide reports to the contrary , no firearms , pepper spray , tear gas , and rubber bullets have been used thus far .
HD
5:33 PM : A representative from Mt. Sinai hospital is just updating CBC Radio on injuries .
The hospital is under lockdown , but is allowing patients to enter .
So far four protest - related injuries , all minor .
HD
5:15 PM : Torontoist ’s Nick Kozak files these photos , shot between 1:51 and 3:43 p.m. today , of some less intense moments in today ’s protest :
More photos , by Torontoist ’s photographers , are coming soon .
DT
5:09 PM : The Star is reporting that a few shots were fired at College and University .
Toronto Police Services is now saying that earlier reports of tear gas being deployed were mistaken .
HD
5:03 PM : CP24 and CityNews are confirming that tear gas has been released at College and University .
HD
5:01 PM : Christopher Bird and Deborah Mensah - Bonsu are both reporting from King and Bay .
There is a crowd of what looks like at least fifteen hundred .
Classic protest chants , so far peaceful .
HD
4:52 PM : Hundreds of protesters at Yonge and Adelaide shouting “ let us walk ” and ( at police ) “ Who do you serve ?
Who do you protect ? ”
Many of them are now heading west on Adelaide .
DMB
4:37 PM : And because there is actually a summit going on right now , at which people are discussing important issues and making important policy decisions , here ’s an interesting way to check up on the progress made at the G20 summit itself : the G8 Research Group at the University of Toronto has a blog .
On the blog : a compliance department that is scoring the various leaders ’ commitments in real time , as well as a group of civil society analysts looking at protests and interviewing different NGOs .HD
4:36 PM : So , despite a few flare - ups , so far the protests have overall been peaceful , and the police have overall been restrained .
Toronto is , despite a few unfortunate exceptions , hanging in there .
HD
4:23 PM : Riot police are getting out of vans and forming a line on King between University and York .
DMB
4:21 PM : The Eaton Centre is now on lockdown .
Hearing reports than nobody is being let in or out .
HD
4:13 PM : There ’s a group of protesters at Bay and Adelaide , chants of “ no justice , no peace . ”
Cops now hammering their shields .
CB
3:55 PM : Police cruiser on fire at Bay and King .
HD
Police cruiser on fire at King and Bay .
Photos by Ryan Walker / Torontoist .
3:49 PM : Christopher
Bird is reporting that people now sitting a few feet in front of the cops at Richmond and University .
Protesters are n’t chanting , it does n’t seem to be an organized group , but gradually more are showing up .
Police are looking increasingly tense .
HD
3:46 PM : The scene on Queen just east of Spadina a few minutes ago :
Photo by Emily Shepard / Torontoist .
3:43 PM : Meanwhile , things are considerable quieter at Queen ’s Park .
“ The worst party in the world , ” says Peter Saltsman .
“ Even the cops are leaving . ” HD
3:42 PM : Fifty to one hundred protesters are standing in a line right now straddling University south of Queen , about twenty feet away from the cops .
Some more damage : a CBC truck , a CIBC branch .
CB
3:31 PM : Scotiabank at Queen and Duncan smashed up .
Some overturned mailboxes .
Cops still acting with restraint , providing exits to protesters who want to leave .
CB
3:22 PM : Blockade on Queen is steadily retreating east , the police seem to be trying to give the protesters breathing room to tire themselves out .
Blockade on John holding firm ; one officer has a tear gas launcher at the ready .
All the cops at the intersection have donned their gas masks .
CB
3:18 PM : Protesters are steadily advancing against a police blockade at Queen and Peter .
Protesters now attempting to smash storefronts .
CB
3:15 PM : Windows on police cars smashed .
Cops are n’t moving and are acting with restraint .
CB
3:12 PM : Violence is flaring now : a few physical attacks on cops , some bottles thrown .
Queen and Peter. CB
3:10 PM : The cops on scene now are saying they did n’t deploy any devices at all — it was the protesters who set off flares .
CB
3:07 PM : There is currently a white cloud hovering near Queen and Spadina .
Though many people jumped to the conclusion that it was teargas , right now the CBC is reporting that the police have fired off flares .
HD
3:36 PM : The scene at City Hall a couple of hours ago :
Mounted police near City Hall , 1:13 p.m. Photo by Ryan Walker / Torontoist .
2:54 PM : Christopher Bird is at Queen and John , right outside the MuchMusic building .
A row of people with the Canadian Labour Congress is standing between the protesters and the cops , encouraging people to keep on moving , and generally trying to maintain order .
They are getting yelled at by protesters for taking away their rights to protest .
Which , given that the Labour Congress contingent is trying to act as a shield for the protesters , is perhaps somewhat ironic .
HD
2:48 PM : The protesters trying to move down John Street have been stopped and police have taken the signs and banners they were trying to use as weapons .
A small army of riot police has amassed at John and Richmond .
SM
Spadina and Richmond around 2:45 p.m. Photo by Emily Shepard / Torontoist .
2:44 PM : Also at Queen and University , a nearly naked man scaling the war memorial statue in the centre median :
Photo by Christopher Drost / Torontoist .
Nearly Naked Man ’s objectives are thus far unknown , reports Christopher Bird .
HD
2:41 PM : Despite the strong shows of police force , so far it seems that things are staying calm .
Wyndham Bettencourt - McCarthy reports that the protest is now winding down at Queen and University — there have been no visible clashes or arrests thus far .
HD
2:34 PM : Stephen Michalowicz is reporting from the intersection of John and Richmond that police just donned gas masks and what looks like tear gas guns to confront the protesters that are trying to
charge down John Street .
Similarly , Deborah Mensah - Bonsu is seeing riot cops at every intersection looking south from Queen .
HD
2:32 PM : GO service to Union Station has now also been suspended .
HD
2:29 PM : If you are thinking of heading downtown , be advised that the subway is no longer running on the Yonge - University - Spadina line between St. George and Bloor stations ( so the entire downtown loop ) .
The TTC is also saying that streetcars are not entering the downtown core .
HD
2:07 PM : Kelli Korducki , who was at yesterday ’s Ontario Coalition Against Poverty protest , reports from today ’s ( larger ) protest , currently on the move : “ Much better communication between police and organizers today .
Am seeing much better cooperation than there had been yesterday .
It also helps that the riot cops are less visible .
They ’re still all over , but keeping some distance . ”
Emily Shepard , at Queen and Simcoe , sends this photo of riot cops ( though it does not , unfortunately , include a photo of the person who moments ago mooned them ) :
Photo by Emily Shepard / Torontoist .
Our minute - to - minute coverage is collected over on our Twitter .
DT
1:46 PM : One of the big stories so far today has been the overnight raid by police of a house where some protest organizers were staying .
The Globe is reporting that police arrested several people staying at 114 Westmoreland Avenue .
Some protesters who were also at the house but not arrested spoke to the National Post from Allan Gardens ; they claim that the police failed to properly show a warrant , and that the arrests are illegal .
HD
1:41 PM : During this afternoon ’s protest , which is now starting and which is expected to attempt to head towards the security fence , we ’ll be posting minor , minute - by - minute updates to our Twitter ; major updates and photos will be here , in this post .
DT
1:34 PM : What ’s going on right now , according to Torontoist reporters on the ground across downtown :
Kelli Korducki , with the mass of protesters at Queen ’s Park , says : “ Samba Squad is playing in Oxfam group and people seem more positive than yesterday despite rain . ”
There are “ more children visible today , notably among pro-Tibet and Uyghur protest groups . ”
Stephen Michalowicz is reporting that cops “ have started clearing people off University and onto the sidewalk as the protesters begin to march . ”
Deborah Mensah - Bonsu , at University and King , at the fence some protesters are planning to march towards , reports that it ’s a “ literal ghost town .
A few pedestrians , some taking photos of the fence and the non-action , lots of security standing around in groups . ”
Two “ massive military helicopters flew overhead — apparently Obama ’s ; they ’re sending five or six , and he ’s in one of them . ”
Wyndham Bettencourt - McCarthy , at Queen and University , reports : “ plenty of police but not a protester in sight .
When I asked police what they ’ll do if the protest splinters south towards the security zone , they told me it was the first they had heard of it and asked where I got the info .
Seemed genuinely shocked !
One cop said with certainty , ‘ I can assure you they will not be going south . ' ”
Suzannah Showler sends this update from outside the temporary detention centre on Eastern Avenue : “ Nada at Eastern — security is hanging out , reading Metro , etc .
Nary a protester .
One officer just joked to me : ‘ See , we ’re ready for ya . ’
Cops also teased me for jay - walking .
They ’re obviously bored . ”
Peter Saltsman , at Union Station , reports there are more cops than passengers .
“ Most of them discussing lunch . ” DT
12:54 PM : Around downtown , protesters are collecting , and starting to make their way to Queen ’s Park , and to University .
Christopher Drost sends these photos from forty - five minutes ago , of a smaller group at Bloor and Spadina :
Photos by Christopher Drost / Torontoist .
Our Stephen Michalowicz spotted one group , protesting “ crimes against humanity in the Ethiopian region of Ogaden , ” on their way down University at 12:35 p.m.— police , then , were keeping them on the sidewalk .
DT
12:30 PM : There is a deceptively light police presence on University Avenue between College Street and Queen Street West .
Hundreds of police officers are keeping dry in nearby buildings and in their SUVs and minivans .
SM
12:25 PM : A few hundred at the Greenpeace building at 33 Cecil building .
Handing out disposable ponchos .
OH THE IRONY .
ES
12:18 PM : One small but notable mistake , which we ’ve corrected in previous updates : the name of the deaf protester arrested yesterday and being detained at 629 Eastern , according to the Star , is Emomotimi Azorbo ; we ’d been spelling his first name “ Mototimi . ”
DT
12:05 PM : And the Globe and Mail is reporting that there have been thirty - two arrests so far , with fifty - one charges — though for most of them , police have released no details , which has led Globe reporter Siri Agrell to question the lack of transparency .
DT
11:44 AM : Via the Star , an excellent tip sheet put together by journalists Jim Rankin and Stuart Laidlaw , to “ Surviving the G8 / G20 Protests . ”
Explicitly for media , it ’s useful for just about anyone .
DT
11:39 AM : 680 News is reporting that the G8 in Huntsville has “ wrapped up ” ; world leaders will be on their way into Toronto shortly .
The Globe ( with whom we are partners ) have more from Huntsville on their G8/ G20 page .
DT
11:07 AM : Emily Shepard files this report from “ Shout Out for Global Justice ! ” , held last night at Massey Hall .
DT
11:04 AM : The Star profiles today ’s protest , which starts at 1 p.m. at Queen ’s Park , and is expected to be the largest demonstration of the weekend .
DT
10:57 AM : On a rooftop near the Don Valley Parkway , near Queen Street East , a group attempted to stage a protest of the now - infamous G20 airspace restrictions , which include a ban on kite flying within fifteen nautical miles ( or about twenty - eight kilometers ) of the Summit .
The plan was to fly kites within view of the highway , and , presumably , the authorities .
Chris Chopik , the ringleader , whose office is in the building where the protest was set to take place , told us he had n’t planned on protesting until he heard about the kite ban .
“ It ’s one thing not to be able to wear a suit downtown , ” he said .
“ But to have a fifty kilometer no - fly zone around the summit … ”
He gesticulated with his kite , which was plastic , with a picture of a salamander .
“ It shows a lack of sensitivity to the populace . ”
This morning ’s rain had kept turnout low .
There were two protestors on the roof : Chopik and his publicist .
There were also two photographers , two reporters ( including us ) , and a Rogers satellite truck parked by the DVP , recording video .
SK
10:25 AM : Here ’s video from last night between 9 and 10 p.m. , outside the temporary detention centre at 628 Eastern Avenue where Emomotimi ( “ Timmy ” )
Azorbo , a deaf man , was held after being arrested .
In the first half of the video , shot by Christopher Drost , York University grad student ( and friend of Azorbo ’s ) Saron Gebresellasi tells cameras about the “ very specific , special , precarious position ” that Azorbo is in .
In the second half , we talk to Doug Pflug , a Guelph media relations officer — one of the many media relations officers brought in by the ISU — and another officer .
Christopher Bird ’s article last night has more information about the arrest and peaceful protest that resulted from it .
DT
9:53 AM : One last photo from yesterday ’s OCAP protest that we ca n’t not share , by Harry Choi , of riot cops facing down protesters at University and Elm.
DT
Photo by harry choi from the Torontoist Flickr Pool .
9:32 AM : Just published , Chris Drost and Chris Bird ’s short piece about how gross the International Media Centre is getting , as a result of the journalists there .
DT
8:49 AM : Published late last night on Torontoist was “ Full of Sound and Fury , ” a look at yesterday ’s protests — including the one that saw protesters outside of the temporary detention centre near Filmport before midnight , demanding that Emomotimi Azorbo , a deaf protester arrested on Friday , be given access to a lawyer and an interpreter .
Protesters outside of 629 Eastern Avenue on Friday night .
Photos by Christopher Drost / Torontoist .
The article — written by Torontoist ’s Christopher Bird , with photography by Christopher Drost — is here .
DT
8:40 AM : Torontoist ’s Ryan Walker was in the midst of Friday ’s Ontario Coalition Against Poverty protest at its climax :
Photo by Ryan Walker / Torontoist .
A full gallery of a dozen photos from him are here .
DT
8:01 AM : From yesterday ’s OCAP protest , Torontoist ’s Nancy Paiva files these photos :
Photos by Nancy Paiva / Torontoist .
REPORTING BY : David Topping ( DT ) , Hamutal Dotan ( HD ) , Christopher Bird ( CB ) , Christopher Drost ( CD ) , Nancy Paiva ( NP ) , Ryan Walker ( RW ) , Emily Shepard ( ES ) , Stephen Michalowicz ( SM ) , Suzannah Showler ( SS ) , Kelli Korducki ( KK ) , Deborah Mensah - Bonsu ( DMB ) , Peter Saltsman ( PS ) , Wyndham Bettencourt - McCarthy ( WBM ) , Andrew Louis ( AL ) , and Steve Kupferman ( SK ) .
Portal 2 E3 Demo – Parts 4 and 5
This E3 demo for Portal 2 exhibits the Thermal Discouragement Beam !
This E3 demo for Portal 2 exhibits the Pneumatic Diversity Vent !
The Fulham owner Mohamed Al Fayed would give Roy Hodgson " anything he wants " to stay at Craven Cottage as the club 's manager next season despite speculation linking him with the vacant post at Liverpool .
" I do n't think he 'll leave me , " Fayed said .
" I 'm sure he 'll have lots of approaches from other clubs , but I give him anything he wants to reach results and we have a very good relationship . "
Fayed sold Harrods for £ 1.5 bn in May but told the Guardian at the time he remained committed to the club .
" If you own a football club you have to be really involved and committed , " he said .
" That is very important and it's the same in any business .
When I get to the club my mood is always lifted .
I am also a fan .
And so I have a tremendous feeling of being committed and helping give pleasure to all the supporters and players . "
Hodgson 's star has risen dramatically over the past couple of years , first by keeping Fulham in the Premier League and then steering the London club into Europe and , last season , into the Europa League final in a remarkable run .
The Liverpool club may be about to step up their search for Rafael Benítez 's successor by opening talks with the 62 - year - old before he heads out to South Africa for a stint as a World Cup pundit .
But Fayed , who appointed Hodgson in December 2007 , believes Hodgson has no reason to leave the club .
One hardly needs a reminder that the Right to Education is different from the others enshrined in the Constitution , in that the beneficiary cannot demand it nor fight a legal battle when the right is denied or violated .
Now that India 's children have a right to receive at least eight years of education , the gnawing question is whether it will remain on paper or become a reality .
One hardly needs a reminder that this right is different from the others enshrined in the Constitution , in that the beneficiary — a six - year old child — cannot demand it , nor can she or he fight a legal battle when the right is denied or violated .
In all cases , it is the adult society which must act on behalf of the child .
In another peculiarity , where a child 's right to education is denied , no compensation offered later can be adequate or relevant .
This is so because childhood does not last .
If a legal battle fought on behalf of a child is eventually won , it may be of little use to the boy or girl because the opportunity missed at school during childhood cannot serve the same purpose later in life .
This may be painfully true for girls because our society permits them only a short childhood , if at all .
The Right to Education ( RTE ) has become law at a point in India 's history when the ghastly practice of female infanticide has resurfaced in the form of foeticide .
This is symptomatic of a deeper turmoil in society which is compounding traditional obstacles to girls ' education .
Tenacious prejudice against the intellectual potential of girls runs across our cultural diversity , and the system of education has not been able to address it .
The new law has many critics .
Some of them are among the nation 's best known educators and , therefore , their concerns must be heard .
They have raised two major issues : one , the law does not cover pre-school education ; and two , it offers no vision of systemic reforms leading to a decent common school system .
Both issues are valid and the government 's strategy to implement the law must cover them .
As for the first issue — coverage of early childhood — a first step can be recognising the year before Class I as a necessary pre-school year to provide an enabling experience for the success of eight years of formal education stipulated by law .
This step would require substantial planning and coordination among the departments of Child Development , Health and Education .
The second point the RTE critics are making draws attention to the divisive , and not just divided , character of our system of education .
A vast gap of resources , facilities and efficiency exists between the private schools which cater for the better - off strata of society and the ones run by the government .
Within government schools , there is a vast difference between Central schools and those run by municipalities and village panchayats .
It is not true that RTE offers no vision of improving our fragmented system .
The provision for 25 per cent reserved seats for poor children in all private schools as well as Central schools makes a gesture towards the common school model .
Critics of the RTE rightly find it a weak gesture but they forget how difficult the execution of even this diluted form of common schooling is going to prove in a stratified and divided society .
Already , lobbyists of private schools have gone to court , challenging the legal validity of the RTE .
The private sector in school education has grown quite substantially and rapidly over the last two decades .
Not just private schools , a strong ideological lobby which favours privatisation has also grown .
Members of this lobby believe that the RTE can best be implemented by market forces and the government should subsidise these forces by distributing school vouchers .
This remarkable philosophy sees the RTE as a crowning moment in the ongoing history of the state 's withdrawal from education .
Critics of the RTE rightly suspect that it could speed up commercial privatisation .
Considering how fast popular disillusionment with the state 's capacity to provide education of reasonable quality is spreading , we should not be astonished if the critics are proved right .
Many State governments see privatisation as a real option , and the signals coming from the Centre seem to endorse this view .
However , the debate over private versus public interests conceals the single greatest problem both private and government schools face : the shortage of qualified teachers .
Behind this shortage lies a long history of neglect of teacher training and the poor social status of the elementary school teacher .
Teacher training has remained on the margins of the Indian academia , and the training of primary school teachers outside it .
The National Council for Teacher Education ( NCTE ) has reinforced this message of the RTE by demanding a higher entry - level qualification for elementary teachers ' training .
The NCTE has also sent a strong policy signal that all courses for this level should come under the purview of universities .
These signals will require sustained follow - up action , for which the NCTE will have to improve its own functioning and image as a regulatory body .
Going by RTE norms , at least a million teachers will need to be freshly recruited and trained .
The challenge of teacher recruitment and training will prove especially grim in the Hindi belt and the northeast , West Bengal , and Jammu and Kashmir .
In Bihar , the number of teachers required is very huge and the institutional capacity for training very low , and in Madhya Pradesh , no one knows how to undo the decision taken long ago to stop the recruitment of career - path teachers .
In West Bengal , overlapping structures have impeded curricular and administrative reforms .
These States are not the only ones battling internal legacies of neglect or confused planning .
The northeastern States have a vast number of untrained and poorly qualified teachers who are already in the system .
Violent conflict between the government and the people has cast a shadow on childhood in many parts of central and northeastern India .
The progress of the RTE in these parts cannot be easy or smooth .
This also holds true for mega-cities like Delhi , Kolkata and Mumbai where children of the poor live in Dickensian misery .
For the southern States where the system is in better health , the RTE will pose the challenge of radical improvement in quality .
How things turn out will depend on the willingness of the directorates to adjust their outworn perspective and policies to the new expectations the RTE arouses in syllabus design , teacher preparation and deployment .
Kerala and Tamil Nadu are better placed than any other State to implement the RTE with confidence , but even they require radical measures to improve teacher training .
The courses available are uninspiring and based on obsolete ideas .
The pedagogic perspective of the National Curriculum Framework ( 2005 ) is yet to percolate into teacher education programmes .
While the RTE 's future depends on the initiative and resolve of the State governments , the Centre 's role is going to be crucial too .
If its policy signals remain coherent , the States will have a better chance of staying on track .
One major signal the Centre must send pertains to institutional strength and capacity to deliver the RTE .
No case illustrates this better than the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights ( NCPCR ) , which has the responsibility to monitor the RTE .
It is supposed to keep a vigilant eye on several million classrooms where children are to be taught and protected from corporal punishment , mental harassment and discrimination .
How is the NCPCR going to perform this huge task with the extremely meagre infrastructure it has today ?
When a child falls victim to neglect , abuse or violence , the protective arms of the state must reach out fast .
For a national commission to serve children in every corner of the country , it must have good State - level units with district - level branches .
As of now , the NCPCR 's presence in most States is barely symbolic .
Between the responsibility entrusted to it and its apparatus , there is a vast gap .
It has no academic staff to study cases and to work with the States to find solutions .
Its first chairperson , Professor Shantha Sinha , was a tall academic figure who put in a monumental effort to make its presence felt .
Asking her to stay on to initiate institution - building would have been a sensible step , and one hopes that the Ministry of Women and Child Development might still take this decision .
If the NCPCR becomes an empty shell , so might the RTE .
Author 's Note :
This article includes three images that clearly denigrate Islam and the Prophet Mohammed .
So there is absolutely no question about the provenance of these images , I would like to direct all readers to Wikipedia 's authoritative writeup on the matter .
These images were included in a dossier that aggrieved imams living in Denmark took with them to the Middle East specifically to stoke outrage at a dozen cartoons published in September 2005 in the Danish newspaper Jyllands - Posten .
The images include an amateurish doodle identifying Mohammed as a pedophile , a dog humping a prostrate praying Muslim ( with the caption , " This is why Muslim pray five times a day " ) , and a photocopy of a French comedian in a pig- squealing contest ( with the phony caption , " Here is the real image of Mohammed " ) .
It is nothing less than amazing that holy men decrying the desecration of their religion would create such foul images , but there you have it .
It is as if the pope created " Piss Christ " and then passed it off as the work of critics of Catholicism .
The images below may indeed give offense , not just to Muslims but to people of all faiths and even atheists .
If they do , remember who created and distributed them .
The deadline for submitting work to Reason 's Everybody Draw Mohammed contest has passed ; winners will be shown on Thursday , May 20 .
All that remains is anticipation , both of the artwork that will be displayed and the possible threats of violence that will likely follow .
Or should that be " the likely threats of possible violence " ?
Before the calendar page turns to Thursday , it 's worth meditating on the whys and wherefores of the contest , which was inspired by a jihadist death threat against the creators of South Park and was originally suggested by Seattle artist Molly Norris .
Soon after asking everyone to draw the Prophet in solidarity with the arguably millions of people repressed by threats of theologically justified violence , Norris herself went into ideological hiding , suggesting instead that everyone draw another target of South Park satire : former Vice President Al Gore .
While Gore , who likes to credit himself with understanding the architectonics of cyberspace ( if not creating them ) and who way back when convened Congressional hearings to discuss the dread menace of satanic heavy metal lyrics ( vaya con diablo , Ronnie James Dio ! ) , is certainly worthy of the sort of ongoing abuse that only a fully distributed Internets can deliver , the obvious reason that Norris changed her target is real and potential violence .
Who can blame her ?
People have been killed for representing Mohammed in ways that displeased Islamic terrorists .
People have been punched and kicked and forced into hiding .
No wonder , then , that Norris , like Galileo in front of a Catholic tribunal , apologized to " everyone of the Muslim faith who has or will be offended " by her drawing ( visible at the right ) .
This conditionally unconditional language is the language of the forced penitent , of the prisoner in a totalitarian world , of the sad sack on the Catherine Wheel who will say anything , will confess anything to get off the rack .
We all understand exactly why such language is being used :
The threat of violence .
Attacking iconoclasts ( meant here in its literal meaning ) has been a constant throughout human history .
It 's one of the great dividing lines , like laughter and face - to - face copulation , that separates man from beast .
Indeed , I 'm betting it was a fundamental element of even pre-human history .
Can we doubt seriously that some gang of Neanderthals did n't crush the skulls of others who decorated cave walls in " offensive " ways ?
In the 20th and 21st centuries alone , all sorts of human expression have led to brutality and murder .
The ground of Europe and Asia and all the continents with the ( possible ) exception of Antarctica is fertilized with the blood and bones of martyrs who have done nothing more than make tangible their thoughts in words , music , and pictures .
Yet even in a country like ours that threatens consenting adults for making dirty movies with effective life sentences , or in European countries where speech codes imprison malefactors for " hate speech , " there is a massive gulf between " mere " censorship and death threats , between the answering of " bad " speech not with more speech but with the blade , the bullet , or the bomb .
There comes a point in any society 's existence where it must ultimately , to paraphrase Martin Luther ( who himself was more than happy to see opponents put to death ) , dig in its heels and say here we stand , we will do no other .
We do n't need to be perfectly consistent philosophically or historically or theologically to assert what is special and unique not just about the United States , with its bizarre and wonderful articulation of the First Amendment , but the greater classical liberal project comprising not just the " West " ( whatever that is ) but human beings in whatever town , country , or planet they inhabit .
And at the heart of the liberal project is ultimately a recognition that individuals , for no other reason than that they exist , have rights to continue to exist .
Embedded in all that is the right to expression .
No one has a right to an audience or even to a sympathetic hearing , much less an engaged audience .
But no one should be beaten or killed or imprisoned simply for speaking their mind or praying to one god as opposed to the other or none at all or getting on with the small business of living their life in peaceful fashion .
If we can not or will not defend that principle with a full throat , then we deserve to choke on whatever jihadists of all stripes can force down our throats .
This is not about U.S. foreign policy , or trade policy , or aid to Israel or Egypt , or the creation of a Palestinian homeland .
This is about the right to have the conversations that might inform all that and more .
We live in a time of paradox : Never before have so many been so empowered to speak their own minds , to produce and consume whatever form of expression when they want , where they want .
The impact on those seeking to regulate and control thought is as predictable as it is depressing and , ultimately , ineffective :
Whether they are governments or corporations or religious or ideological groups , they want to stamp out the ability of people to say and think for themselves .
Our Draw Mohammed contest is not a frivolous exercise of hip , ironic , hoolarious sacrilege toward a minority religion in the United States ( though even that deserves all the protection that the most serioso political commentary commands ) .
It 's a defense of what is at the core of a society that is painfully incompetent at delivering on its promise of freedom , tolerance , and equal rights .
It 's a rebuttal to the notion that we should go limp in the clinches precisely because bullies and bastards can punch or blow us up .
It 's a rebuttal to the mentality evinced in the recent interview between liberal intellectual Paul Berman and Joel Whitney in the May 2010 issue of Guernica , where the sound you hear in the background is the sound of the interviewer pissing his pants :
Guernica :
In the short term , do n't we want to avoid triggering something like that [ the murder of Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh by an Islamist terrorist ] with incendiary language ?
Is n't it mere prudence ?
Paul Berman : [ Scriptwriter and Islam critic Ayaan Hirsi Ali ] did n't trigger it .
They triggered it .
What she did and what she continues to do is to go to those people and people who might sympathize with them , and rebuke them .
The whole meaning of her career is to say , " There 's a serious problem .
I 'm gonna deal with it by speaking to it directly .
And I 'm not gonna mince my words , I 'm gonna make an argument . "
I think this is great .
Some of the arguments that she makes are not my arguments , some of them I would disagree with ; my impression is that if I were Dutch I 'd be in the Labor Party .
I would n't have moved to the other party .
And so it 's not that I 'm following everything that Ayaan Hirsi Ali says .
But I follow the main thing .
I follow that totally .
The main thing is [ that ] she is saying to people , " I , Hirsi Ali , am thinking for myself and I want you to think for yourself . "
And the way to think for yourself is not to revere authority , the way is not necessarily to guard your tongue .
The way is to speak your mind .
Guernica :
So to put scriptures on a naked woman 's body in her film was not incendiary or reckless , in your reading , it was merely direct .
Paul Berman :
That film is not even one millimeter a violent film .
And the purpose of the film is to make the viewer recognize that violence against women is being committed by fanatics in the name of Islam .
This should be opposed .
And she 's done a brilliant job of opposing that .
As a politician , she brought to the Dutch Parliament the issue of honor killings .
She proposed to Parliament that the police make records of honor killings , which is the first thing the police department had to do to recognize and solve the problem .
She brought about a significant reform .
And I 'm guessing that quite a few women are alive today as a result of this reform .
Guernica :
So she 's not only not responsible for Van Gogh 's death , but she 's saved uncounted lives .
Like Berman , I do n't agree with everything Hirsi Ali says ( read this remarkable interview she gave Reason , in which our interlocutor teases out more than a little contradiction within her own views ) .
For starters , I reject emphatically what might be called a fundamentalist atheism , which always and everywhere fingers religion and religiosity as the motive force in all that is bad with human beings and human history .
To me , that sort of comprehensive reaction is no different than Islamists or Christians or whomever sees the Jews or the Masons or whatever as the villain in every passion play .
But Berman is right , not just about the film Submission , which is as incendiary as an After School Special about recycling programs , but the larger idea that we should apologize for triggering violence in serial killers .
Why not blame J.D. Salinger for the shooting of John Lennon by a deranged reader of The Catcher in The Rye ?
Our Draw Mohammed contest is , hopefully , an exercise in truth - telling .
It 's not about revelation , of course , of divinely inspired Truth with a capital " T . "
It 's an existential thing , a participatory thing , a living thing .
And it 's not something that I expect those inclined to violence in the face of free expression to understand .
Nor do I expect them to realize they are part of the problem they hope to bludgeon into submission .
Consider this tremendous irony .
For all the discussion about whether it is forbidden to figure Mohammed in visual form ( an art form that has a long and glorious Islamic history ) , three of the most gratuitously insulting images of the Prophet ever disseminated were not created by devil - horned Jews or American women wearing pantsuits or even Danish or U.S. cartoonists .
No , they are the work of imams residing in Denmark who went on an outrage tour of the Middle East after Jyllands - Posten published its dozen cartoons in the fall of 2005 .
Some sources suggest that it is precisely these three fake images , on display in this very blog post as a public service and testament to free speech , that ignited the furor that lit the fuse that ultimately begat Draw Mohammed Day .
( See the author 's note above and hold your cursor over the images for alt - text information about their provenance . )
Which is worth keeping in mind come May 20 and every day after .
Because the cause of free expression , just like the misguided , pathetic , and ultimately - doomed - to - fail attempts to shut it down , is a long , hard slog that begins again every day the sun rises .
Update : Due to the high , server - crushing volume of comments and the gratuitously insulting imagery of many of them — it seems that if there 's one group of folks more obsessed with gay sex than Islamic terrorists , it 's critics of the same — we've decided to shut down comments to this post .
For those who wrongly equate this with censorship , please note that the Web , like the world itself , is wide and there are plenty of places you can go to post your comments about just about anything .
If this be censorship , then kicking drunken party guests out of your living room at 6 AM is ethnic cleansing .
And the murder of Theo van Gogh simply another bad film review .
Reader comments can be sent to me directly at gillespie - at - reason - dot - com .
Sony plans to build BRAVIA Internet TVs and Blu-ray players that run the platform , all expected to launch this fall .
Logitech is building a Google TV " companion box " that can control your entire A/V rack using Harmony technology , using and Android phone or an iPhone as the remote .
Dish Network was actually the beta test partner , but we do n't specifically know what its plans are -- there 's no hardware right now , and Google demoed the platform using a custom IP protocol to control a Dish receiver .
We 're guessing that means there 's no custom hardware coming , but look for Google TV - ready Dish boxes sometime in the fall as well .
Adobe 's obviously building Flash 10.1 for the platform .
Intel 's making the Atom CE4100 chip that 's used in all these devices -- it 's actually kind of a burner .
More on it later on .
Best Buy has partnered to sell Google TV devices in its stores , so there 's going to be a big retail push .
Google TV is n't a single product -- it 's a platform that will eventually run on many products , from TVs to Blu-ray players to set - top boxes .
The platform is based on Android , but instead of the Android browser it runs Google 's Chrome browser as well as a full version of Flash Player 10.1 .
That means Google TV devices can browse to almost any site on the web and play video --
Hulu included , provided it does n't get blocked .
It also means that Google TV devices can run almost all Android apps that do n't require phone hardware .
You 'll still need to keep your existing cable or satellite box , however -- most Google TV devices wo n't actually have any facility for tuning TV at launch , instead relying on your existing gear plugged in over HDMI to do the job .
There 's a lot of potential for clunkiness with that kind of setup , so we 'll have to see how it works in person .
All Google TV devices will have remotes with some form of QWERTY keyboard , and you 'll be able to use Android phones as remotes as well .
Using an Android phone opens up some extremely intriguing possibilities , like searching for content using Google Voice Search and navigating by gesture , but it 's not clear how deep the integration between Android on Google TV and Android on phones will be at launch .
Google 's not going into the living room alone -- the company 's launching Google TV with an impressive array of partners , each of whom has a different spin on the platform .
Here 's the list :
Now , these are just the launch partners -- we'd expect to see Google go after the cable companies in a big way soon , and we'd expect to see even more development around the platform as we get closer to late 2011 when the whole thing is scheduled to be open - sourced .
Google TV devices will be coming this year :
Sony says it'll have Internet TVs and Blu-ray players in the fall , and Dish Network has made similar statements about supporting the platform around then , although with less specificity about hardware .
We 're not entirely sure when Logitech will be releasing its companion box , as the unit we saw was obviously not final , but we 'd still expect it to launch around the holidays .
Obviously this whole thing hinges on Adobe getting the final version of Flash 10.1 for Android out the door on time in June , so we 'll have to keep an eye on that as well -- if that slips , there 's a chance this whole thing could fall behind .
But with Best Buy lined up to make a holiday retail push , there 's plenty of pressure for everyone involved to get their ducks in a row and get shipping .
Although Google TV has a regular tiles - based homescreen that allows you to drop directly into apps and content , the most important interface element is exactly what you 'd expect from Google : a search box .
Just like TiVo's Swivel Search , search results from a variety of content sources are displayed as soon as you start typing -- entering " 30 Rock " will bring up not only the next few episodes of the show on TV but also past episodes available to stream from Hulu , NBC , Netflix and other providers , as well as related content from YouTube and similar sites .
These unified listings are a big part of how Google 's trying to harmonize web content with TV content -- the idea is to divorce the content from the source , so it does n't matter to the end user where it 's coming from .
Of course , this is the exact same idea TiVo 's pushing with its Premiere service , but the difference is that Google TV has a full browser with Flash -- you can theoretically navigate to virtually any video site and simply play video with no fuss .
How that works in practice remains to be seen -- using the full web on a TV has never been a particularly marketable idea , and Google knows it -- it 's encouraging developers to create TV - friendly versions of their sites , and it 's leading the way by launching a living - room - friendly version of YouTube called YouTube Lean Back that 's more catered to the 10 - foot experience .
As we 've said , the Google TV platform is based on Android 2.1 , and it runs the Chrome browser with Flash 10.1 .
Google says OTA updates to later version of Android will come over time , and the platform also has some custom APIs and a new SDK for TV - based apps that will launch early next year , along with a new version of Android Market for the TV .
The app demos we saw during the keynote were more impressive for their potential than their execution ; for example , the NBA TV app had a cool feature that could automatically record upcoming games using your DVR while watching a streamed game that seems extremely promising , but the app itself looks more or less like a bad website , and the video stream quality appeared to be SD .
Again , it 's early on , so we 'll have to see how developers make use of the platform -- it could be really interesting if Google TV apps advance as fast as they have on the phone side , and really boring if they stall out as painfully as every other TV - based platform has thus far .
Google 's laid out a series of baseline hardware specifications for the Google TV platform , which every piece of gear will share .
The heart of the system is the Intel Atom CE4100 , which launched at IDF last year .
It 's an Atom - based SoC with some additional silicon for decoding dual 1080 p video stream , MPEG - 4 support , and 3D graphics capabilities .
That 's joined by some custom DSPs , and things like WiFi , HDMI , and Bluetooth are all required .
Although Sony 's said it will launch a line of BRAVIA TVs and Blu-ray players later this year , the only piece of Google TV hardware we 've gotten to play with is the Logitech companion box , which adds in Harmony universal remote capabilities .
That 's not to say you 'll need an expensive Harmony remote to control it , but rather that it turns your existing wireless peripherals ( and quite impressively , your Android or iPhone OS device of choice ) into a remote for your entire media center , relaying commands to devices over IR , RF and even IP via the onboard ethernet port .
Logitech will also sell a dedicated peripheral for the Google TV companion box at launch , which they told us will combine a keyboard , touchpad and remote control and communicate with the companion box over RF .
Obama ended his speech with a sense of hope and promise in the future :
" A dream of brighter days ahead , a faith in things not seen , a belief that here , in this country , we are the authors of our own destiny .
That is what Hampton is all about .
And it now falls to you , the Class of 2010 , to write the next great chapter in America 's story ; to meet the tests of your own time ; to take up the ongoing work of fulfilling our founding promise .
I 'm looking forward to watching . "
That is a stark contrast to the speech given by Beck .
When Beck 's engagement was announced I noted the good fortune of LU 's student body for having secured an alcoholic , drug - abusing , rodeo clown , college dropout to inspire the graduates by advising them on how to succeed in life by making goofy faces on TV while lying about your political adversaries .
Beck did not disappoint .
His speech was a litany of cliched platitudes ( Turn the other cheek ) mixed with attempts at humor ( Taxicabs smell worse in the summer ) .
And for someone whose grasp on reality is tenuous , he may have been engaging in a little projection at times ( Your job is to remember who you are ) .
But here are a few notable excerpts , presented as advice that he intended to give to his daughter as she entered college ( but never did ) , that are surely going to inspire these young folks for years to come :
Life is hard .
And then it gets harder .
And then you die .
There are no coincidences in life .
Look for them .
Sleep hard , but sleep less .
Only date those who love you as much as I do .
[ Weeping ]
Only date those who will treat you as I have tried .
Anyone who wants to take your choice away is evil .
Shoot to kill .
I 'm not quite sure how you go about looking for coincidences that do n't exist .
And I 'm pretty sure his admonition about those taking away your choice does n't apply to his daughter of any other woman .
And tonight I will likely stay awake wondering how to sleep harder .
But I do n't envy the LU grads who will have to bear with the memory of this spectacular loser sobbing through his embarrassingly bad remarks .
How will these young people evaluate their prospective dates based on the criteria supplied by Beck ?
This could have been dismissed as a joke except that it brought him to tears as he said it .
And of what use is it to a graduating class , who are looking forward to a boundless future , to draw their attention to shooting and killing ?
This is the same Glenn Beck who bristles whenever he is accused of inciting violence .
A commencement speech is supposed to be the highpoint of one 's academic experience and something that will last as a cherished memory .
But this will have the lasting power of a chunk of Limburger that managed to roll unnoticed under the sofa to ferment for a few weeks .
I think I would rather ride in a taxicab in the middle of summer than have to sit through Beck 's speech again .
Update [ 2010-5-16 0:53:8 by KingOneEye ] : Later the same day Beck appeared at the conference of the National Rifle Association .
His speech there advocated allowing the United States to " sink " like the Titanic .
Then it could be rebuilt ( in his image ? ) .
" We have to think of something , because the Titanic is going down , " he said .
" We need to save the passengers , that 's what we need to worry about .
Let the ship sink if we have to .
We have a great plan :
It 's called the Constitution , and we 'll build another one . "
What a repulsive notion .
Does he have no conception of how many lives would be ruined were his fantasy to come true ?
Get tan today : 10 % tax on its way
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Getting a bronze glow for the summer -- at least artificially -- is about to get a little more expensive .
A 10 % tax will be tacked on to indoor tanning bills starting Thursday , as part of the health - care reform President Obama signed into law in March .
According to guidelines from the IRS , the tax will apply to electronic products designed for tanning that use one or more ultraviolet lamps with wavelengths between 200 and 400 nanometers .
Other sunless tanning options , such as spray tans , are not subject to the tariff .
The tax is expected to generate $ 2.7 billion by 2019 , according to the Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation .
Tanning salons are charged with collecting the levy and reporting it to the government each quarter .
That money will help fund the health - reform package , which carries a price - tag of $ 940 billion .
The tanning tax replaced the 5 % " Botax " on cosmetic surgery that was included in earlier versions of the reform bill .
That cosmetic surgery tax would have been levied on elective procedures like breast implants and Botox injections , but the provision was dropped last year after objections from medical and dermatological associations .
Those industries supported the tanning tax because of health risks associated with indoor tans .
But tanning associations have hit back , arguing that health concerns are exaggerated and the tax could put salon owners out of business .
The Indoor Tanning Association said 30 million people , or more than 10 % of all Americans , tan indoors each year .
The industry employs more than 140,000 people in 19,000 businesses across the country .
-- CNNMoney staff reporter Blake Ellis contributed to this report .
EPA demands less - toxic dispersant
UPDATED at noon with comment from BP's Steve Rinehart .
By Juliet Eilperin
The Environmental Protection Agency informed BP officials late Wednesday that the company has 24 hours to choose a less - toxic form of chemical dispersants to break up its oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , according to government sources familiar with the decision , and must apply the new form of dispersants within 72 hours of submitting the list of alternatives .
The move is significant , because it suggests federal officials are now concerned that the unprecedented use of chemical dispersants could pose a significant threat to the Gulf of Mexico 's marine life .
BP has been using two forms of dispersants , Corexit 9500A and Corexit 9527A , and so far has applied 600,000 gallons on the surface and 55,000 underwater .
" Dispersants have never been used in this volume before , " said an administration official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the decision has n't been formally announced .
" This is a large amount of dispersants being used , larger amounts than have ever been used , on a pipe that continues to leak oil and that BP is still trying to cap . "
The new policy applies to both surface and undersea application , according to sources , and comes as the EPA has just posted BP 's own results from monitoring the effect that underwater application of chemical dispersants has had in terms of toxicity , dissolved oxygen and effectiveness .
An EPA official said the agency would make an announcement on the matter later Thursday .
BP spokesman Steve Rinehart wrote in an e-mail that company officials " are conducting ongoing assessment of alternative or supplemental dispersant products " and " we 'll only use approved products ; any dispersant that will be used going forward will be subject to government review and approval . "
" Corexit was readily available in the quantities required by the spill response plan which was pre-approved by the government for use in spill response , " he added .
" It has been very effective in causing the oil to form into small , isolated droplets that remain suspended until they 're either eaten by naturally occurring microbes , evaporate , are picked up , or dissolve . "
After BP conducted three rounds of testing , federal officials approved the use of underwater dispersants late last week , but environmentalists and some lawmakers have questioned the potential dangers of such a strategy .
On Monday , Rep. Edward J. Markey ( D - Mass . ) sent a letter to EPA Administrator Lisa P. Jackson questioning the approach , given that Britain banned some formulations of the dispersant Corexit more than a decade ago .
In the letter , Markey warned , " The release of hundreds of thousands of gallons of chemicals into the Gulf of Mexico could be an unprecedented , large and aggressive experiment on our oceans , and requires careful oversight by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and other appropriate federal agencies . "
The EPA has a list of its approved dispersants on its Web site .
On Thursday , Markey commended the EPA , saying , " The effect of long - term use of dispersants on the marine ecosystem has not been extensively studied , and we need to act with the utmost of caution . "
Posted by : clairesolt | May 23 , 2010 5:11 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : thasam | May 23 , 2010 2:12 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : cmvoorhees | May 22 , 2010 1:22 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : mph2261 | May 22 , 2010 10:14 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Benson | May 22 , 2010 7:30 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : leroysgame | May 22 , 2010 6:11 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : AppDev | May 21 , 2010 12:44 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : will14 | May 20 , 2010 5:42 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : cj362810 | May 20 , 2010 3:52 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Reesh | May 20 , 2010 3:35 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : liveride | May 20 , 2010 3:09 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jayzeemd | May 20 , 2010 2:46 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : ifthethunderdontgetya | May 20 , 2010 2:41 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : AppDev | May 20 , 2010 2:30 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : perryneheum | May 20 , 2010 2:20 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : yandarn | May 20 , 2010 2:11 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jameschirico | May 20 , 2010 1:51 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : phines1 | May 20 , 2010 1:49 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : 37thand0 street | May 20 , 2010 1:42 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : sdcpa | May 20 , 2010 1:41 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : FLvet | May 20 , 2010 1:39 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : luridone | May 20 , 2010 1:36 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : clermontpc | May 20 , 2010 1:35 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : dirtysouth | May 20 , 2010 1:31 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : lichtme | May 20 , 2010 1:26 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : nicekid | May 20 , 2010 1:19 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Obama_TRAITOR_in_Chief | May 20 , 2010 1:08 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : lichtme | May 20 , 2010 1:03 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : forestbloggod | May 20 , 2010 1:02 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Vunderlutz | May 20 , 2010 12:58 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : liveride | May 20 , 2010 12:42 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jim999 | May 20 , 2010 12:41 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : theobserver4 | May 20 , 2010 12:41 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : kevin1231 | May 20 , 2010 12:35 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : liveride | May 20 , 2010 12:35 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : kuvasz | May 20 , 2010 12:26 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jim999 | May 20 , 2010 11:53 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : foofoofoo | May 20 , 2010 11:48 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : ANTILIB | May 20 , 2010 11:44 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jim999 | May 20 , 2010 11:40 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : wlbutts | May 20 , 2010 11:37 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : ANTILIB | May 20 , 2010 11:31 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : luridone | May 20 , 2010 11:30 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : neilo1 | May 20 , 2010 11:27 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : economy48 | May 20 , 2010 11:25 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Maddogg | May 20 , 2010 11:21 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : SarasotaPete | May 20 , 2010 11:18 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : brooklynborn1 | May 20 , 2010 11:09 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : cmrosko | May 20 , 2010 11:04 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : mterra | May 20 , 2010 11:00 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : lichtme | May 20 , 2010 10:57 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : lichtme | May 20 , 2010 10:55 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : gmclain | May 20 , 2010 10:49 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : gkam | May 20 , 2010 10:47 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : askgees | May 20 , 2010 10:46 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : otbricki | May 20 , 2010 10:44 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : laurelphoto | May 20 , 2010 10:42 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : WestOfTheMississippi | May 20 , 2010 10:36 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : glenglish | May 20 , 2010 10:33 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : dottydo | May 20 , 2010 10:31 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : yokohlman | May 20 , 2010 10:20 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : ebroadwe | May 20 , 2010 10:16 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : young23 | May 20 , 2010 10:14 AM
Report Offensive Comment
2010 UPDATE : I originally posted this on July 16th of 2009 , but am refreshing it for its relevance to the conversation at the Influency salon this week , spurred by Susan Holbrook ’s Joy is So Exhausting , about the power dynamics of humour in poetry .
I ’ll elaborate on this suggested relevance in my response to her book , which I ’ll try to post by Sunday . ❤
~
Confronted with a laughing audience at a Charlie Chaplin film , Theodore Adorno is profoundly disturbed .
As he writes to his friend Walter Benjamin in 1936 :
“ The laughter of the audience at a cinema — I discussed this with Max [ Horkheimer ] , and he has probably told you about it already — is anything but good and revolutionary ; instead , it is full of the worst bourgeois sadism ” ( Adorno , 1973 : 66 ) .
Why does it strike him as such ?
What does he mean ?
Adorno and Horkheimer develop this idea in some detail in their theoretically expansive masterwork , The Dialectic of Enlightenment .
They write :
“ The triumph over beauty is completed by humor , the malicious pleasure elicited by any successful deprivation .
There is laughter because there is nothing to laugh about .
Laughter , whether reconciled or terrible , always accompanies the moment when a fear is ended .
It indicates a release , whether from physical danger or from the grip of logic .
Reconciled laughter resounds with the echo of escape from power ; wrong laughter copes with fear by defecting to the agencies which inspire it .
It echoes the inescapability of power .
Fun is a medicinal bath which the entertainment industry never ceases to prescribe .
It makes laughter the instrument for cheating happiness ” ( 1987 : 112-3 ) .
In one sense then , such laughter is a means by which the dominated respond to the stresses of their domination in the post - liberal capitalist system .
Inversely , this laughter is induced through industrially produced amusement as a valve by means of which the dominating system depressurizes the mass experience , which is strained by the irrationality ( from the perspective of living life ) of the demands the system puts on those it dominates .
The point is that such laughter is neither spontaneous , nor meaningful , nor free , though it is disguised as such .
And it ’s certainly not beautiful .
As they say , the system has triumphed over human beauty .
But why label this laughter sadistic ?
Individuals are distracted from the artificiality of their domination by a systemically fostered agonism .
The dynamics of this agonism are described in this passage :
“ The less the danger to the one on top , the more unhampered the joy in the torments he can now inflict : only through the hopeless despair of the victim can power become pleasure and triumphantly revoke its own principle , discipline .
Fear averted from the self bursts out in hearty laughter , the expression of a hardening within the individual which can only be fully lived out through the collective ” ( 1987 : 88 ) .
The system fosters a feeling of smallness and isolation , which translates into a sense , in the bourgeois subject , of real vulnerability and fear , especially from the threats to what position they ’ve managed to scrape together that might lurk looking up at them resentfully below .
From this position of felt vulnerability , any victory over anyone ( since in a world of scarcity , there is a threat potential in any fellow consumer of resources ) is cathartic .
We end up with a society of people motivated , at a pre-conscious , emotional level , by a materially self - interested blood - lust that the system is set up to satisfy intermittently with these cathartic simulated victories .
This struggle is symbolically and safely played out in the banal context of a movie theatre , the victories shared in “ hearty laughter ” that , engaged in collectively , reinforces a kind of solidarity of victors ; a solidarity that simulates the kind of kinship that is eroded through the alienating pressures inherent to capitalism , but a solidarity that is pre-linguistic , and thus pre-rational .
The group is bonded not on the basis of their conscious mutual recognition as subjects , but strategically , at a brain - stem , survival - instinct level , on the basis of the elimination of a shared threat .
This bond is too ephemeral — rapidly fading and dependent on the culture industry ’s products to be renewed again and again , laughing along with the crowd at movie after movie , with laugh tracks at show after show — to bear the deliberative genesis of an intersubjectively recognized critical framework ( which requires trust , openness and time ) .
In this way the mass is critically anesthetized outside of the context of productive work where its violent energy , if unified and structured by a deliberatively established critical framework , could otherwise be destabilizing or even crisis - inducing .
The mass is anesthetized , and the system is immunized .
Need all laughter be sadistic ?
This question is partially addressed here :
“ To moments of happiness laughter is foreign ; only operettas , and now films , present sex amid peals of merriment .
But Baudelaire is as humorless as Hölderlin …
What is infernal about wrong laughter is that it compellingly parodies what is best , reconciliation .
Joy , however , is austere ” ( 1987 : 112-3 ) .
They do n’t want to condemn the entire category of laughter , and they avoid doing so by creating a distinction between sadistic “ wrong ” laughter , and “ reconciled ” laughter ( also apparent in the first DoE quote above ) .
What ’s “ wrong ” about wrong laughter is its elevation to a status that ought to be occupied by the true joy of free human experience , bearing the pretense of itself representing some kind of existential pinnacle .
Reconciled laughter , as quoted above , “ resounds with the echo of escape from power . ”
It is a laughter that is not staking an aggressive claim , and that is not “ appropriate ” before it is a reaction to some particular emancipatory thing or occurrence ; an escape “ from power , ” over and above danger .
This “ ambiguity of laughter ” is very well explored in a passage Lizzie just pointed me to from the Excursus on Odysseus :
Indeed , the motif of forcing the gates of hell , of abolishing death , is the innermost cell of all antimythological thought .
This antimythological element is contained in Teiresias ’s prophecy of the possible placation of Poseidon .
Odysseus is to wander even farther , carrying on his shoulder an oar , until he reaches a people “ who know nothing of the sea and never use salt with their food . ”
When he meets another traveler who refers to the oar on his shoulder as a “ winnowing fan , ” he will have reached the proper place to offer a sacrifice to Poseidon .
The core of the prophecy is the mistaking of the oar for a winnowing fan .
This must have struck the Ionian as completely comic .
However , this comic effect , on which the reconciliation is made to depend , cannot have been directed at humans but at the wrathful Poseidon .
The misunderstanding is meant to amuse the fierce elemental god , in the hope that his anger might be dispersed in laughter .
That would be analogous to the neighbor ’s advice in Grimm , explaining how a mother can rid herself of a changeling : “ She should carry the changeling into the kitchen , set it on the hearth , light the fire and boil water in two eggshells .
That would make the changeling laugh , and if he laughed then that would make an end of him . ”
If laughter up to now has been a sign of violence , an outbreak of blind , obdurate nature , it nevertheless contains the opposite element , in that through laughter blind nature becomes aware of itself as such and thus abjures its destructive violence .
This ambiguity of laughter is closely related to that of name ; perhaps names are nothing but petrified laughter , as nicknames still are –the only ones in which the original act of name - giving still persists .
Laughter is in league with the guilt of subjectivity , but in the suspension of law which it announces it also points beyond that complicity .
It promises a passage to the homeland .
It is a yearning for the homeland which sets in motion the adventures of subjectivity , the prehistory of which is narrated in the Odyssey , escapes the primeval world .
The fact that –despite the fascist lies to the contrary –the concept of homeland is opposed to myth constitutes the innermost paradox of epic .
But it ’s important to remember that the escaping “ resounding ” in reconciled laughter is n’t a creating of meaning .
It ’s simultaneously an acceptance of reality and a shrugging off of oppressive abstractions , which has the effect of freeing the subject to be able to move forward , but the laughter is not itself a step forward .
It ’s reactive .
And for that reason , reconciled laughter is certainly not equivalent to joy .
To Adorno , the joyful act of creating meaning through free experience is austere .
I think this poem by Baudelaire provides some insight into Adorno ’s use of this word , “ austere , ” with reference to joy :
BEAUTY I AM as lovely as a dream in stone ,
And this my heart where each finds death in turn ,
Inspires the poet with a love as lone
As clay eternal and as taciturn .
Swan - white of heart , a sphinx no mortal knows ,
My throne is in the heaven ’s azure deep ;
I hate all movements that disturb my pose ,
I smile not ever , neither do I weep .
Before my monumental attitudes ,
That breathe a soul into the plastic arts ,
My poets pray in austere studious moods , For I , to fold enchantment round their hearts ,
Have pools of light where beauty flames and dies ,
The placid mirrors of my luminous eyes .
To finish things off , from Adorno :
“ I have no hobby .
Not that I am the kind of workaholic who is incapable of doing anything with his free time but applying himself industriously to the required task .
But , as far as my activities beyond the bounds of my recognized profession are concerned , I take them all , without exception , very seriously ” ( Adorno , 2001 : 188 ) .
Funny guy .
~
Adorno , Theodor W. “ Free Time , ” in The Culture Industry , ed. J. M. Bernstein , trans .
Gordon Finlayson and Nicholas Walker . ( 2001 ) .
Routledge Classics : New York .
— — — — — ———. “ Letters to Walter Benjamin : 1935 - 1938 ” New Left Review I/81 , ( September - October 1973 ) .
Horkheimer , Max & Theodore W. Adorno .
The Dialectic of Enlightenment . ( 1987 ed. ) .
Stanford University Press : California .
‘ The Poems and Prose Poems of Charles Baudelaire .
Ed. James Huneker .
New York : Brentano ’s , 1919 .
DOWNLOAD THE ENTIRE VIDEO IN HD @ REAILTY GANG .
Reality Gang is a collection of 35 + adult site .
The Reality Gang network is updated everyday with high definition photos and videos in various fetishes and niches .
A new analysis of Early American skeletons concludes that the large anatomical difference seen between ancient and recent Native Americans is best explained by two colonisation events of the New World .
The study suggest that the latest common ancestor between Early and Late Native American groups must have been located outside the continent : an other group of individuals arrived in the New World before the primary ancestors of today ’s Native Americans .
The team studied a series of skeletons from South and Central America between 7,500 and 11,5000 years old , comparing them with those of more than 300 Amerindians , dating to 1000 years ago .
The morphologicaldata wasthen compared against six possible scenarios for the settlement of the New World , including a single migration scenario , a single migration with subsequent evolutionary change through time , and two migrations into the Americas .
The comparison results suggest that the last common ancestor between Early and Late Native American groups must have been located outside the continent , and that a scenario considering two distinct migrations from Northeast Asia explains the observed differences best .
We found that the differences seen between Early and Late Native American groups match the predictions of a two - migration scenario far better than they do those of any other hypothesis , even taking into account local evolution through time .
In other words , these differences are so large that it is highly improbable that the earliest inhabitants of the New World were the direct ancestors of recent Native American populations explain the authors of the study , published in PloS One .
In such a scenario , an early migration from North - East Asia and through the Bering Strait into the continent could have given rise to the Early American populations found in South and Central America .
This first dispersal between Paleoamericans and Amerindians probably occurred before the evolution of the distinctive cranial morphology that characterizes Native Americans today .
This morphology would have been brought into the continent in a second wave of migration , again from East Asia and following much the same route .
The research by professors Katerina Harvati ( University of Tubingen ) , Mark Hubbe ( University Catlica del Norte ) and Walter Neves ( San Paulo University ) indicates an elaborate scenario for the settlement of the New World : “ What we actually demonstrate is that the processes associated with the settlement of the Americas appear to have been more complex than is often proposed . ”
In a development whose importance it would be difficult to exaggerate , scientists have produced research answering one of the great questions facing humanity in the 21st century : what happens if you get snails hopped up on crystal meth and poke them with sticks ?
The drug- pushing scientists in question are Barbara Sorg of Washington State Uni and Ken Lukowiak of the University of Calgary .
The mollusc they chose for their experiments was the pond snail Lymnaea stagnalis .
The two snail savants placed their slimy drug - slaves into pond water which they had spiked with methamphetamine , described as " a highly addictive drug that seduces victims by increasing self - esteem and sexual pleasure , and inducing euphoria " .
Having got their slippery subjects well addled on this delightful but damaging chemical treat , Sorg and Lukowiak then tested their memories by means of varying the amount of oxygen in the pondwater and poking them with sticks .
Perhaps we should explain .
Low oxygen levels often occur in normal outdoor ponds not laced with illegal narcotics , and in this case the local L stagnalis will extend their " pneumostomes " ( breathing tubes ) above the surface to get more live - giving oxy .
However , it is possible to train them not to do this by sitting next to the pond or lab tank and poking any suffocating snail which dares to wave its squelchy snorkels .
This is actually a standard , widely - used method among biologists for testing snails ' intellectual powers .
After a lengthy and painstaking period of sitting in the lab poking snails immersed in various different mixtures of pondwater and drugs , Lukowiak and Sorg report that in fact methamphetamine makes snails ' memories much better .
According to a statement issued on their behalf :
Memories formed under the influence of meth seem to be harder to forget , possibly because the drug disrupts the mechanisms for forgetting , and could help us to understand how amphetamines enhance memory in humans .
The research is to be published in the Journal of Experimental Biology .
Sorg and Lukowiak have previously carried out similar studies involving snails on cocaine . ®
Article content
An Indian man has mystified a team of military doctors after he abstained from food and water for two weeks .
Prahlad Jani , an 82 - year - old yogi who claimed he had n’t eaten or drunk anything for 70 years , was observed by 30 medics in a hospital in the Indian state of Gujarat .
He spent two weeks under constant surveillance in an area equipped with cameras and closed circuit television .
During the 15 - day period , which ended Thursday , Jani did n’t eat , drink or go to the toilet .
We apologize , but this video has failed to load .
tap here to see other videos from our team .
Try refreshing your browser , or Indian man survives without food and water , baffles doctors Back to video
:
“ We still do not know how he survives , ” neurologist Sudhir Shah told reporters after the end of the experiment .
“ It is still a mystery what kind of phenomenon this is . ”
“ If Jani does not derive energy from food and water , he must be doing that from energy sources around him , sunlight being one , ” said Shah .
“ As medical practitioners we cannot shut our eyes to possibilities , to a source of energy other than calories . ”
The study was done by India ’s Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) , the state defense and military research institute .
They hope to unlock the key to Jani ’s mysterious ability so that others can benefit , such as soldiers in the field , astronauts in space , and victims trapped in natural disasters .
Doctors performed several tests on Jani ’s heart , lungs and memory capacity and took scans of his organs , brain and blood vessels .
Lab work will also be completed on his hormones , enzymes , energy metabolism and genes .
The findings will be revealed in greater detail over the next several months .
Jani claimed that he has not had anything to eat or drink since 1940 , and called himself a breatharian
, sustaining himself on air and meditation .
According to AFP , Jani said he was given his special powers after being blessed by a goddess when he was young .
After the observation and tests were completed , he returned to his village in northern Gujarat where he will continue his routine of yoga and meditation .
, Jani was placed under observation once before in 2003 , but lost weight over the week he was held .
Posted on by wise sloth
Driving : Driving on the left hand side of the road for the first time is more terrifying than you ’d think , but you ’ll get used to it within a week .
That or you ’ll die in a fiery , head - on collision .
Eventually you ’ll stop having anxiety attacks every time you drive through a roundabout .
Your co-workers wearing the same shirt as you :
That ’s because there is one mall .
And in that mall two stores that you buy clothes from .
These are the same two stores for all twenty - something women that you work with .
Snubbing your nose at grocery store veggies :
You get them fresh from the farm of course .
Plus , in the winter the vegetable selection at normal grocery stores get real sad and real expensive .
Your new diet : Nobody tells you this , but when you move to a new country you have to adapt your diet to what food is available locally .
When you change what goes in your body you change what comes out of your body .
Chemical withdrawals : Cigarettes cost $ 13 - $ 19 per pack .
Beer costs $ 11 - $ 19 per six pack , and liquor is something you only buy on very special occasions .
Since you just spent all your money moving to a foreign country you ca n’t afford to be an addict .
Going to bed at 9 pm : Because everything is closed by 7 , and two hours of staring at you partner is enough for anyone .
A diminishing dislike for cops :
You can go weeks without seeing a cop , and when you do see them you do n’t have to be afraid of them , because unlike the cops in the United States , their motto is n’t , “ To terrorize and fleece . ”
Seeing people not wearing shoes .
They ’re everywhere , and that ’s fine .
Real ethnic restaurants :
Made by real ethnic families , with real ethnic atmosphere .
Calling NZ home : it may have taken six months but now remember your phone number and address .
And one more for fun :
You ’ll finally accept that you ’ll never be able to pronounce local words with your American accent .
There might have been hope if you were only up against a local language , but in NZ it ’s the British version of the local language .
Look away and mumble .
Share this : Reddit
Facebook
Print
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : general tips on moving , written by amber | Tagged : American expat , auckland , beer , clothes , driving , food , liquior , new zealand , restaurants , round - abouts , top ten |
Update history : Article updated 1 July 2010 — replaced download links to our experiment WebM- enabled builds with links to Opera 10.60 ( final ) .
Introduction
You ’ll probably already have read up on and experimented with the new HTML5 < video > element , which allows us to include video inside an HTML page without the need for plugins ( if not , read our Introduction to HTML5 video before going any further . )
You ’ll probably also be aware that there is somewhat of a disagreement over codecs going on .
Opera and Firefox currently support the Ogg Theora video codec , while Safari supports the H.264 codec .
Google Chrome supports both , while Microsoft have announced support for H.264 in IE9 .
This is not ideal , as to implement a cross - browser video with HTML5 you would need to encode and reference multiple video formats .
For example :
< video controls= " controls " > < source src=" theora.ogv " type=" video/ogg ; codecs= ' theora , vorbis ' " > < source src= " h264.mp4 " type=" video/mp4 ; codecs='avc1.42E01E , mp4a.40.2 ' " > < p >< a href = " h264.mp4 " >Download the video</a >.</ p> </ video>
Enter WebM
Help is just around the corner —
Google has released the VP8 video codec and WebM container format under royalty - free terms , with the aim of making a high quality , open video format available across different browsers and platforms .
This was announced publicly at the 2010 Google I /O conference .
On the day of the announcement , Opera released an experimental WebM - enabled build .
This feature is now part of the core functionality of Opera 10.60 and all of our future desktop browser releases .
Google ’s YouTube property now supports WebM / VP8 — new videos are being made available in this format .
Opera has worked with Google to include WebM / VP8 at its launch because we want to support high quality , royalty - free formats , so no - one is locked out of viewing or publishing Web content .
We ’d like to thank Google and the others involved for making this available .
The WebM format details
The WebM format consists of VP8 video and Vorbis audio wrapped inside a . webm container .
This format is based on the Matroska media container format .
WebM offers high - quality video with fast seeking .
The new MIME type is video / webm ; you can test whether a browser supports this format using the following line :
< code >< pre>.canPlayType('video/webm ; codecs= " vorbis, vp8 " ' ) </ pre></code >
It 's worth noting that the changes to GStreamer made by Opera needed to support WebM have been contributed to the GStreamer project , helping bring WebM playback to Linux desktop applications .
WebM examples
There is nothing new that you need to know about the HTML5 < video > syntax to embed WebM videos into your web pages ; you just need video in the right format , and some new codec information .
For example :
< video controls= " controls " > < source src=" sunflower.webm " type=" video/webm ; codecs=' vorbis , vp8 ' " > < p >< a href=" sunflower.webm " >
Download the video</a >.</ p> </ video >
You can see this code in action on our WebM simple example page ( you 'll be able to run this provided you are using an HTML5 < video > and WebM- supporting browser ) .
We have also made some more interesting examples available :
WebM custom controls example ( 720 p ) : This example plays a WebM video ( Elephants Dream , created by the Orange Open Movie project ) , and makes custom controls available , created using the video API .
API .
WebM custom controls example ( 360 p ) : Same example , but with lower - quality video , for people on a slower connection .
WebM fancy swap example :
This example allows you to choose between different WebM - encoded videos by clicking on the thumbnails , which are then played via a video element .
YouTube support for WebM
As mentioned above , YouTube now supports the WebM format — a number of videos are now being encoded using WebM , in addition to Flash and other formats , which will continue to be available for browsers that do n’t support HTML5 < video > .
To have the HTML5 videos served to you by default ( where available ) , you can opt in to the HTML5 Youtube support at https://www.youtube.com/html5
( click the link at the bottom of the page . )
You ’ll know when you ’re accessing a WebM video because Youtube shows " HTML5 ·WEBM " as part of the controls UI .
In case you want some examples , the following videos have a HTML5 ·WEBM version available :
Encoding WebM videos
There are free and commercial tools available for creating and publishing content in the WebM format .
For more details , have a look at the WebM Project site .
Further links about video
There 's little that shouts " seriously rich " as much as a little island in the sun to call your own .
For Sir Richard Branson it is Neckar in the Caribbean , the billionaire Barclay brothers prefer Brecqhou in the Channel Islands , while Aristotle Onassis married Jackie Kennedy on Skorpios , his Greek hideway .
Now Greece is making it easier for the rich and famous to fulfill their dreams by preparing to sell , or offering long - term leases on , some of its 6,000 sunkissed islands in a desperate attempt to repay its mountainous debts .
The Guardian has learned that an area in Mykonos , one of Greece 's top tourist destinations , is one of the sites for sale .
The area is one - third owned by the government , which is looking for a buyer willing to inject capital and develop a luxury tourism complex , according to a source close to the negotiations .
Potential investors also looking at property on the island of Rhodes , are mostly Russian and Chinese .
Investors in both countries are looking for a little bit of the Mediterranean as holiday destinations for their increasingly affluent populations .
Greece has embarked on the desperate measures after being pushed into a € 110bn ( £ 90 bn ) bailout by the EU and the IMF last month , following a decade of overspending and after jittery investors raised borrowing costs to unbearable levels .
The sale of an island – or convincing a member of the international jet - set to take on a long - term lease – would help to boost its coffers .
The Private Islands website lists 1,235 - acre Nafsika , in the Ionian sea , on sale by private interests for € 15 m .
But others are on offer by private owners for less than € 2 m – less than a townhouse in Mayfair or Chelsea .
Some of the country 's numerous islands are tiny which could barely fit a single sunbed .
Only 227 Greek islands are populated and the decision to press ahead with potential sales has also been driven by the inability of the state to develop basic infrastructure , or police most of its islands .
The hope is that the sale or long - term lease of some islands will attract investment that will generate jobs and taxable income .
Told by the Guardian that such sales or leases were in prospect , Makis Perdikaris , director of Greek Island Properties , said that he would be unhappy at the prospect of any outright sale of state land : " I am sad - selling off your islands or areas that belong to the people of Greece should be used as the last resort , " he said .
But he was not necessarily against long - term leases : " The first thing is to develop the economy and attract foreign domestic investment to create the - necessary infrastructure .
The point is to get money . "
In its battle to raise funds , the country is also planning to sell its rail and water companies .
Chinese investors are understood to be interested in the Greek train system , as they already control some of the ports .
In a deal announced earlier this month , the Greek government also agreed to export olive oil to China .
After the socialist government of prime minister Geórgios Papandreou responded to the IMF bailout with draconian budget cuts , rioters took to the streets , costing three lives in May .
In the midst of the crisis , the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , delayed her support as she faced local elections and popular opposition to any public - funded help to Greece .
As strikes almost paralysed the country and hedge funds bet against the economy , German politicians called for Greece to start selling islands , historic buildings and artworks .
It now appears that the Greek government has heeded their demands .
The City , where investors are increasingly shunning Greek investments , welcomed any island sales .
" It 's a shame if it has come to this but it does at least demonstrate that Greece is prepared to take all actions necessary to try and meet its obligations , " said Gary Jenkins , a credit analyst at Evolution Securities .
Property prices have fallen between 10 % and 20 % since the May riots in Athens , as bad publicity has drawn visitors away , Perdikaris said .
" We have experienced a very slow booking season .
Most tour operators offer hugely discounted rates , " he said .
Britons account for more than 60 % of his company 's property sales .
• This article was amended on 25 and 30 June 2010 .
The original heading - Greece puts its islands up for sale to save economy - went beyond what the story said .
This has been corrected .
A reference to Natsika has been amended to make clear this sale offer is private .
More context has been added to a quotation from Makis Perdikaris , director of Greek Island Properties , to make clear that he was not expressing knowledge of existing Greek government sales of islands or island land .
A letter from the government spokesman in Athens contesting this article was published in the Guardian on 29 June .
On 30 June , a sentence in the story was deleted after a spokesman for the Russian businessman Roman Abramovich contacted the Guardian to state categorically that " neither Mr Abramovich , nor companies associated with him , are considering or planning any property acquisitions in Greece " .
I ’ve recently been learning Clojure , a form of Lisp that runs on the JVM .
There are already a lot of resources about Clojure on the internet , but they vary in depth and usefulness .
Therefore , I ’ve compiled a bit of an overview of the various resources , in the hope that it helps the new Clojure ( and Lisp ) programmer get started :
Hope this helps someone !
A trip to Abkhazia 2010 , to the very south of the sunny country .
Looking out of the window of the hotel .
Yeah , such a view …
Welcome to the hotel through this courtyard .
One of the streets of Ochamchira city .
A unique feature of Abkhazia – they always “ do not care ” , always relaxed .
A carousel fell down about 15 years ago – do n’t care , it does n’t ask for food … a house is going to ruin – do n’t care …
A typical picture .
Municipal administration building – half of the building is with double - glass panes , another half as you may see .
But some cool cars can be seen , and lanterns …
National dish – hominy .
Lots of ruined houses …
These streets used to be very active …
Density of the population leaves something to be desired , more than half of the houses are simply empty .
In the Soviet time there were private houses …
So they live – half of the house is collapsing and another half is with double - glass panes .
Garbage is everywhere , nobody thinks of scavenging .
And everything is pilfered …
A road to the station , in the past it was impossible to go through – crowds and cars …
The vast square was full of taxi cars .
Though , to our surprise , assistant station - master ’s room still works , the rest of the station is abandoned .
In fact local people are rather hospitable .
Main views of the city .
Cosy bars .
Abandoned railway not far from the Georgian border .
It turns out that from Abkhazia to Georgia minibuses are going !
Leaving Orchara you can see such weird sculptures …
Maybe Tsereteli ?
A little of Sukhumi after all … A famous station .
Sukhumi ’s yards .
Former building of administration in the background – in such a sad state .
Monument of Lenin has been removed but the base has remained .
via usolt
“ Veteran reporter Helen Thomas , who has covered the White House since the John F. Kennedy administration , is retiring immediately following her controversial statements about Israel , Hearst Newspapers reports , ” USA Today reports .
At his Washington Post blog , Greg Sargent posted the entire statement issued by Hearst Newspapers :
Helen Thomas announced Monday that she is retiring , effective immediately .
Her decision came after her controversial comments about Israel and the Palestinians were captured on videotape and widely disseminated on the Internet .
Thomas later issued a statement : “ I deeply regret my comments I made last week regarding the Israelis and the Palestinians .
They do not reflect my heart - felt belief that peace will come to the Middle East only when all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance .
May that day come soon . ”
Thomas will mark her 90th birthday on Aug .
4 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Original AFP story follows :
White House correspondent apologizes for Israel remarks
WASHINGTON Ã¢â‚¬â€ Veteran
White House correspondent Helen Thomas has apologized for remarks she made about Israel which led to her being dropped as the graduation speaker at a local high school .
Thomas , 89 , the longest - serving reporter in the White House press corps , was asked by the website RabbiLive.com during a May 27 “ Jewish Heritage Celebration ” at the White House whether she had any “ comments on Israel . ”
“ Tell them to get the hell out of Palestine , ” said Thomas , who served for decades as the White House correspondent for United Press International ( UPI ) and now writes a column for Hearst newspapers .
“ Remember these people are occupied and it ’s their land , not German and not Poland , ” Thomas said .
“ They can go home , Poland , Germany , and America and everywhere else . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Thomas issued an apology on her website , HelenThomas.org .
“ I deeply regret my comments I made last week regarding the Israelis and the Palestinians , ” she said .
“ They do not reflect my heart - felt belief that peace will come to the Middle East only when all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance .
May that day come soon , ” Thomas said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thomas had been scheduled to deliver a June 14 commencement address at Walt Whitman High School in Bethesda , Maryland , outside Washington , but the school said Sunday it had cancelled her appearance .
“ Graduation celebrations are not the venue for divisiveness , ” Whitman principal Alan Goodwin said in an email to parents at the school .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Graduation is the time for a cohesive and joyous celebration of our students ’ achievements ; other forums exist for discussions of political issues , ” Goodwin said .
Thomas has covered every US president since John F. Kennedy and is a former president of the White House Correspondents Association .
How To Make A Website For Beginners
In 2020 , Step By Step !
Hi there friend , looking to set up your own website ?
Then follow the below simple step by step instructions , and have your professional looking website set up from start to finish today !
In fact , you 'll have your core website set up fast within the next few minutes ! 😉
There 's a written guide below , but if you prefer to learn from video and watch the process , you can do so here :
Step 1 : Set Up Your Domain Name And Hosting
You can get your domain name and hosting via the company Justhost *
Quick explanation :
Your domain name is the name people will use to find your website online .
For example , the domain name for this website you ’re reading now is ‘ TeachMate.org ’ .
Your web hosting is the space where your website is stored .
Without this you ca n’t have a website .
So , let ’s get our domain name and hosting .
Luckily , when you buy hosting through the company I use , they give you a free domain name .
This make things really quick and easy to sign up .
So as mentioned , you can get your domain name and hosting via the company Justhost .
Simply click on that link , then click the ‘ Sign Up Now ’ option .
This will take you to a second screen which allows you to pick your domain name .
Be sure to pick a name you like , as even though the domain is free , if you decide to use a different one in future that will cost you extra .
So get it right the first time around .
Click the continue button , and on the next screen you ’ll be taken to the checkout / billing page .
On here you can pick a price plan that ’s most suited to you .
While there are a lot of extras , the one that ’s essential for you to pick is ‘ domain privacy ’ .
By picking this you ’ll ensure that your personal details are n’t shared with visitors to your website .
Unless you have domain privacy activated , people will be able to check out your full name and address when searching your website through certain sites .
So unless you want your website visitors showing up at your house randomly , I suggest you choose this option .
Once you check out , that ’s it , you now have your web space and website name !
Easy right ?
Do n’t check your domain name yet though , as you have n’t put a site up there .
So let ’s get that side of things sorted .
* Disclosure :
If you go on to buy hosting through my Justhost link , I get a commission from it .
This does n’t affect the price you pay , nor is it the reason I recommend this hosting company .
I recommend it because I use them to host many of my websites , and they ’re the best value hosting company for new websites . 🙂
Step 2 : Creating Your Website With A Free Website Builder
Step two involves adding a website building to your newly acquired web space .
This is what does all the heavy lifting for you , and makes setting up your own website really easy to do .
Part of the reason I use Justhost is because they have a built in site builder called WordPress .
What ’s more , they use a easy ‘ one click installer ’ to allow you to set WordPress up really quickly and easily .
So , let ’s get to installing it .
Once you ’re logged into your Justhost account , click on the ‘ Home ’ button at the top left hand corner of the navigation bar .
On the next page , right underneath the Home button , you ’ll see a button called ‘ cPanel ’ .
Click on it .
If you scroll down the next page , you ’ll find a section called ‘ Website Builders ’ .
Within this section you ’ll find a link called ‘ Word Press ’ .
Click on it .
It start taking you step by step through how to install WordPress , so follow it through and add details where they ask you to ( Be sure to choose a brand new install ) .
This will take a minute or two , and once done , you ’ll have your own WordPress website set up !
You can now visit your site at the domain name you picked earlier .
Go on , check it out . 🙂
Important Tip :
Be sure to save the login details of your new website .
You ’ll should be sent them via email , but make sure you also save them to your personal records .
So now you have your website up and running , the next step is to login to your site and look around your new Dashboard ( the place you make all the changes to your site ) .
You can login to your site editor by writing in your domain name them adding ‘/ wp - admin ’ to the end .
So as an example , yoursite.com/wp-admin .
Once inside , you ’ll see your Dashboard .
Feel free to look around if you want at all the options , but if not , let me walk you through some of the things you ’ll need to set up next .
Step 3 : How To Get A Good Looking Website Design
So now your website is set up , the next thing you need to do is make it look good .
You can do this easily by adding a ‘ theme ’ to it .
A theme is basically a pre-made design , but transforms the look of your blog as soon as you add it .
Now there are two options when it comes to themes .
You can either use a free one which is available via your WordPress Dashboard , or you can buy a professionally designed premium theme .
Which should you choose ?
Well , I personally always go with the premium themes .
This is because not only as the free themes widely used so your site will look the same as a load of other ones out there , but also because the free themes are usually pretty boring and ugly looking .
On top of that , they often do n’t have much functionality .
Premium themes on the other hand usually allow you to do a lot more .
They also make your website appear a lot more professional .
Teach Mate uses the StudioPress premium theme , which has a lot of different options to make it look different .
So if you like the look of my site and want your site to look of this quality ( You can make it look completely different using this theme if you want ) , you may want to get this theme too . 🙂
If you ’re looking for one of the best theme options available , you should check them out .
If however you ’re on a budget and ca n’t afford a good looking functional WordPress theme , you can check out what free themes there are by clicking ‘ Appearance ’ from within your site ’s WordPress Dashboard .
Once you ’ve done that , you need to click the ‘ Themes ‘ button , followed by a click on the ‘ Install Themes ’ tab on the next screen .
On this page you ’ll be able to find a load of different themes , based on what you specifically want .
You can choose to filter the kind of website theme you ’re after , and once you ’ve done that , click ‘ find themes ’ to have a look at the ones that match your requirements .
If you like any of them , click to install it .
And that ’s it , your new website ’s look is up and running .
🙂 P.S. If you buy a premium StudioPress theme , the set up it quite similar .
When you get a theme though StudioPress , they will walk you through the exact setup instructions .
Step 4 : Make Your Website Fully Functional With WordPress Plugins
You have now created a website which has a name relevant to you and looks great .
The next step is to add WordPress plugins to your site to make it do more .
‘ Plugins ’ are pretty easy to use .
They ’re basically additional bits of software you can easily find and install which add additional features to your website .
For example , let ’s say you want your site to have a picture gallery .
You can search for a picture gallery plugin through your WordPress Dashboard , install it , then you have the ability to add a picture gallery in one of your pages .
You can add as many plugins for different features as you need .
First of all , let ’s look at how to install a plugin .
Simply hover over the ‘ Plugins ’ tab in your WordPress Dashboard , the click ‘ add new ’ .
On the next screen , enter what type of plugin function you want , then click on the ‘ search plugins ’ button .
Hint :
If you ’re not sure what type of plugin to search for , see the ‘ Popular tags ’ list below the search box for types of plugins people generally install .
Once you ’ve searched , you ’ll see a list of available plugins that have the functions you want .
Have a look at which is the best rated , and look at the details to see which one best suits what you want to do .
When you ’ve decided which plugin you want , click ‘ install now ’ .
This will take a few seconds to install , but once it is , click ‘ activate plugin ’ to have your plugin start working and ready to edit the settings .
You ’ll have to find where you can change the plugin ’s settings if it requires it .
You ’ll usually find it under the ‘ Settings ’ tab in the Dashboard , so hover over that and see if you can see your plugin name there .
If you ca n’t find it , check the plugin developer ’s website for instructions on how exactly to use it .
This can usually be found in the ‘ Plugins ’ section on the Dashboard , and under your plugin name .
So now you know how to install plugins , let me tell you a few to search to get you started .
These are all optional , but are worth installing in my opinion .
Simply search the title in the plugins section as mentioned above :
Login Lockdown .
This plugin protects your WordPress website from being forced hacked .
If someone tries to login to your site , after a few attempts they ’re locked out .
Absolutely essential when making a website .
This plugin protects your WordPress website from being forced hacked .
If someone tries to login to your site , after a few attempts they ’re locked out .
Absolutely essential when making a website .
WP Social Share .
A plugin that allows you to add social share buttons to your website to encourage more sharing of your content .
There a lot of different social sharing plugins available , so if you do n’t want to use this one specifically , have a look at all the different ones on the market .
A plugin that allows you to add social share buttons to your website to encourage more sharing of your content .
There a lot of different social sharing plugins available , so if you do n’t want to use this one specifically , have a look at all the different ones on the market .
Contact Form 7 .
Adds a cool and easy to use contact form to your website .
Emails are sent directly to your email inbox .
These three plugins are all important , but you should have a look at more for any other functions you want .
You can find a plugin for nearly any function you could want , so have a look around .
Get Tips For Your Specific Niche
So while the above will give you a epic website which is well set up and ready for the world , there are other things you should be doing depending on what type of website you want to make .
With that in mind , please select the type of site you want to create for additional tips specific to you .
Advice will be in the form of making your site look better , be more functional , and get more traffic .
Listed in alphabetical order , more niches coming soon .
Learn How To Build A Website With WordPress
Circula estos días por Internet un vídeo con el primer piloto que se hizo de The Big Bang Theory y que no fue aceptado por la CBS .
Vemos algunas ligeras diferencias , como la protagonista ( Amanda Walsh ) , que no es rubia , o los decorados de la casa de los intérpretes principales .
El creador de la serie , Chuck Lorre , dijo que el piloto era horrible , pero que se podían mantener los personajes de Leonard y Sheldon .
Así , crearon luego los roles de Penny , Raj y Howar .
Sheldon , además , " sufrió " algunas variaciones , como una caracterización más asexuada .
Os dejo aquí con las tres partes del piloto .
Es vuestro turno para que lo comentéis y nos digáis qué os parece .
¿ Ha mejorado la serie desde estos principios ?
Vía : Basura and TV | Foto : Taringa
About two hours ago , a natural gas pipeline running near Cleburne , Texas exploded , injuring six people .
News station KTVT - TV is reporting that it was a natgas well blast and that no updates have been provided on the injured .
From the looks of this picture , it appears it was a pretty big explosion .
And even worse , WFAA is reporting that three people are now dead and 10 are missing from the explosion .
Here 's the story :
WFAA : “ About 2:40 p.m. , we heard a loud explosion , rumbling , almost like a tornado .
It shook our entire house .
The plume of smoke that came out or steam is heading this way , the wind is blowing it right over our house .
We are trying to work out whether it is something we need to evacuate or not , " said Laura Harlin in Johnson County .
“ We do n’t really smell anything at this point .
It sounds like faraway thunder at this point , ” she added .
At 3:15 p.m. , she said she could still hear the rumbling .
“ There is a lot of onlooker traffic in the area , ” said Hood County resident , Franklin Daniel .
Here 's a live stream of the exploding well , courtesy of Fox News .
Looks scary .
Thought KFC's Double Down sandwich was bad for you ?
Then think again .
Because Friendly 's just dropped the Grilled Cheese Burgermelt .
What the hell 's a Grilled Cheese Burgermelt ?
The sound of your heart trying to escape out your butthole .
This is the BurgerMelt to end all BurgerMelts .
We place a thick and juicy 100 % Black Angus Big Beef Burger between two whole grilled cheese sandwiches , complete with lettuce , tomato and mayo .
You 'll have to taste it to believe it .
Well what about the nutritional info ?
Hooooooly shit .
That thing 's like three Double Downs .
Which -- I dare you to add bacon .
What ?
You do n't want the paramedics thinking you died in vain !
Or women 's panties ( wear some f*** ing boxers ) .
Product Site
Thanks to e and Matt , who will both be sticking to sliders .
Three men , including a Pennsylvania state government lawyer , are facing assault charges after police say they beat up an off - duty
in a dispute over dog waste .
Two brothers and a third man have been charged in an attack on city police officer John Doll as Doll was walking his Akita early on the morning of June 18 near Green and Boas streets , court documents state .
Police said Matthew D. Stauffer , 33 , of the 1700 block of Susquehanna Street in Harrisburg , a staff counsel with the
, and his brother , Daniel D. Stauffer , 31 , confronted Doll about his dog's waste , even though Doll had already bagged it , and attacked Doll .
Police said Doll told the Stauffers he was an off - duty police officer .
According to court documents ,
Doll got both men to the ground and was trying to control them when a third man , Noah N. Coburn , 25 , of the 1000 block of North Second Street , jumped on Doll 's back and choked him .
Police said Doll suffered a cut to the ball of his right foot and had skin torn off of the foot .
Doll also suffered bloody knees , hands and elbows , police said , and was treated for his injuries at Harrisburg Hospital .
The three men are charged with aggravated assault , conspiracy and public drunkenness .
Coburn and Daniel Stauffer are free after posting $ 15,000 bail .
Matthew Stauffer , who has been suspended without pay while he awaits a preliminary hearing , is free on $ 10,000 unsecured bail .
He said : " I suddenly noticed a black thing was hooked on the net , which scared me .
It was struggling and biting the net when I pulled it up " .
Stanford Poll : Large majority of Americans support government solutions to global warming
Three out of four Americans believe that the Earth has been gradually warming as the result of human activity and want the government to institute regulations to stop it , according to a new survey by Stanford 's Woods Institute for the Environment .
Three out of four Americans believe that the Earth has been gradually warming as the result of human activity and want the government to institute regulations to stop it , according to a new survey by researchers at the Woods Institute for the Environment at Stanford University .
The survey was conducted by Woods Institute Senior Fellow Jon Krosnick , a professor of communication and of political science at Stanford , with funding from the National Science Foundation .
The results are based on telephone interviews conducted June 1 - 7 with 1,000 randomly selected American adults .
" Several national surveys released during the last eight months have been interpreted as showing that fewer and fewer Americans believe that climate change is real , human - caused and threatening to people , " Krosnick said .
" But our new survey shows just the opposite . "
For example , when respondents in the June 2010 survey were asked if the Earth 's temperature probably had been heating up over the last 100 years , 74 percent said yes .
And 75 percent said that human behavior was mainly responsible for any warming that has occurred .
" Our surveys reveal a small decline in the proportion of people who believe global warming has been happening , from 84 percent in 2007 to 74 percent today , " Krosnick said .
" Statistical analysis of our data revealed that this decline is attributable to perceptions of recent weather changes by the minority of Americans who have been skeptical about climate scientists . "
In terms of average Earth temperature , 2008 was the coldest year since 2000 , Krosnick said .
" Scientists say that such year - to - year fluctuations are uninformative , and people who trust scientists therefore ignore this information when forming opinions about global warming 's existence , " he added .
" But people who do not trust climate scientists base their conclusions on their personal observations of nature .
These ' low - trust ' individuals were especially aware of the recent decline in average world temperatures ; they were the ones in our survey whose doubts about global warming have increased since 2007 . "
According to Krosnick , this explanation is especially significant , because it suggests that the recent decline in the proportion of people who believe in global warming is likely to be temporary .
" If the Earth 's temperature begins to rise again , these individuals may reverse course and rejoin the large majority who still think warming is real , " he said .
' Climategate '
Several questions in the June survey addressed the so - called " climategate " controversy , which made headlines in late 2009 and early 2010 .
" Growing public skepticism has , in recent months , been attributed to news reports about email messages hacked from the computer system at the University of East Anglia in Britain – characterized as showing climate scientists colluding to silence unconvinced colleagues – and by the discoveries of alleged flaws in reports by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change [ IPPC ] , " Krosnick said .
" Our survey discredited this claim in multiple ways . "
For example , only 9 percent of respondents said they knew about the East Anglia email messages and believed they indicate that climate scientists should not be trusted , and only 13 percent said the same about the controversial IPPC reports .
" Overall , we found no decline in Americans ' trust in environmental scientists , " Krosnick said .
" Fully 71 percent of respondents said they trust scientists a moderate amount , a lot or completely . "
Government solutions
In the June 2010 survey , 86 percent of respondents said they wanted the federal government to limit the amount of air pollution that businesses emit , and 76 percent favored government limitations on greenhouse gas emissions generated by businesses .
Only 14 percent said that the United States should not take action to combat global warming unless other major industrial countries like China and India do so as well .
Among other survey results :
78 percent opposed taxes on electricity to reduce consumption , and 72 percent opposed taxes on gasoline .
84 percent favored the federal government offering tax breaks to encourage utilities to make more electricity from water , wind and solar power .
Four out of 5 respondents favored government requiring or offering tax breaks to encourage the production of cars that use less gas ( 81 percent ) , appliances that use less electricity ( 80 percent ) and homes and office buildings that require less energy to heat and cool ( 80 percent ) .
Only 18 percent said that policies to reduce global warming would increase unemployment .
These results create a unique opportunity for elected officials , according to Krosnick .
On Thursday , June 10 , the U.S. Senate is scheduled to vote on a resolution by Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) that would reverse the Environmental Protection Agency 's plans to limit greenhouse gas emissions by American businesses .
" When senators vote on Thursday , there is one number they might want to keep in mind : 72 percent of Americans think that most business leaders do not want the federal government to take steps to stop global warming , " Krosnick said .
" But a vote to eliminate greenhouse gas regulation is likely to be perceived by the nation as a vote for industry and against the will of the people . "
Mark Shwartz is communications manager at the Woods Institute for the Environment at Stanford University .
Editor 's Note
Krosnick will present the results of his latest survey on Thursday , June 10 , 2-3:30 p.m. EDT , at an Environmental and Energy Study Institute briefing in Washington , D.C .
Media Contact
Mike Murphy , Woods Institute for the Environment : ( 415 ) 652-5479 ( cell ) , [ email protected ]
Mark Shwartz , Woods Institute for the Environment : ( 650 ) 723-9296 , [ email protected ]
Prudential Now in ' Tricky Position ' 2:00 AM ET Mon , 7 June 2010
“ Look at the current situation .
You have Greece , now you have Hungary and huge issues surrounding Spain and Portugal , ” he said .
Fry believes many European banks have yet to fess up on losses and says governments across the world are between a rock and a hard place .
“ Governments need to cut spending and raise money and if they do not do so credibly will be killed by the bond market demanding higher rates , ” he said .
- Watch Anthony
Fry interviewed above .
No Exit Strategy
Fry sees three outcomes for the global economy and none of them makes very good reading .
“ You can have lower rates and deflation , higher rates and higher inflation or the nightmare scenario of higher rates and deflating asset prices , ” he said .
“ If the nightmare scenario plays out as I suspect it may then the debt situation gets worse .
There is currently no exit strategy and the reaction to the crisis of policy makers remains a big worry . ”
As a result , Fry is telling investors to play it safe and buy physical assets like land .
“ I do n’t want to scare anyone but I am considering investing in barbed wire and guns , things are not looking good and rates are heading higher , ” he said .
The comments mirror those of bearish Bob Janjuah from RBS , who told CNBC on Friday that we are facing big stock market losses and told investors to get into gold before G20 governments attempt to throw another $ 15 trillion in quantitative easing in a bid to jump start the economy .
“ The policymakers ' response to the crisis has been new debt and this is an old game ” said Janjuah .
“ Over the next 6 months we will see private sector deflation pushing 10 - year yields down to 2 percent , " he predicted .
Most taxpayers have no idea what their federal income taxes actually provide .
When I ask folks if they know where their IRS check goes I get answers from , “ … it pays for the operation of the Federal Government . ” to , “… hummm , I really do n’t know . ”
Actually both answers are partially true .
Why were the IRS and the Federal Reserve created by the same act of Congress — what is their relationship to the Federal Government ?
About a year ago , I made the assertion that the Federal Reserve through the IRS has the power to tax directly by congressional action and indirectly by inflation .
It is very easy to see when you understand the “ not quite governmental , not quite private ” structure of the Federal Reserve System and its taxing arm the IRS .
Here is how it works .
Congress passes a law , the House appropriates the funds .
The Federal Treasury Department prints the notes for the appropriation .
Then the Federal Reserve purchases these notes / paper at the cost of printing , about 4 cents note .
A $ 1 bill , $ 100 bill , or $ 1000 bond , costs the same 4 cents .
The Federal Reserve then loans this money back to the Federal Government at interest based on face value .
This interest rate may fluctuate .
The cash is then distributed to the regional Federal Reserve banks from which the appropriations are disseminated as per the Congressional mandate .
Now , as the interest climbs with each appropriation , this debt requires payment your taxes – and occasionally the taxes must be increased to keep up with the “ can never be paid off by design , debt ” .
The Federal Reserve profits greatly on this value created out of thin air paid by IRS collected taxes , and OUR REAL ASSET collateral on loans that go into foreclosure / confiscation .
Periodically , the Federal Reserve will ask Congress for an increase in money supply .
This indirectly taxes folks by pumping cash into the economy which decreases the buying power of the dollar .
This makes it seem as though prices have risen – not the case , the money added causes the value of the dollar to drop .
This is the inflation tax .
A tax that causes big problems for people with savings or on fixed incomes .
The frightening thing is , the FED - IRS has NEVER had it ’s books opened to Congressional scrutiny .
On 2/26/09 , Representative Ron Paul rose before the House to introduce his “ Federal Reserve Transparency Act ” HR - 1207 .
In his speech , he said …
“ … Throughout its nearly 100 - year history , the Federal Reserve has presided over the near - complete destruction of the United States dollar .
Since 1913 the dollar has lost over 95 % of its purchasing power , aided and abetted by the Federal Reserve ’s loose monetary policy .
How long will we as a Congress stand idly by while hard - working Americans see their savings eaten away by inflation ? [...]
Whenever you question the Fed about the strength of the dollar , they will refer you to the Treasury , and vice versa .
The Federal Reserve has , on the one hand , many of the privileges of government agencies , while retaining benefits of private organizations , such as being insulated from Freedom of Information Act requests . [...]
The Federal Reserve can enter into agreements with foreign central banks and foreign governments , and the GAO is prohibited from auditing or even seeing these agreements .
Why should a government - established agency , whose police force has federal law enforcement powers , and whose notes have legal tender status in this country , be allowed to enter into agreements with foreign powers and foreign banking institutions with no oversight ? ”
In this unique Federal Reserve / Federal Government relationship the IRS works as the “ Taxing Arm For The FED ” – NOT the Federal Government which is prohibited from direct taxing at Article 1 section 9 clause 4 of the Constitution !
Now you know .
Those sneaky - rascal bankers anyway .
The Canon 550d is an excellent photo camera with its 18 MP ( 5176x3456 pixels ) sensor , but the main reason that I purchased one was for its HD video modes .
It is capable of shooting 1920x1080 p at 24 , 25 & 30 fps as well as 1280x720 p at 60 & 50 fps .
In order to produce these frame sizes / rates while still using the full sensor area the camera " cheats " by skipping lines .
When shooting 1080 p for example , i believe that the camera is skipping every third line .
The 550d has another video mode which does n't use this cheat .
It is called Movie Crop Mode which is interesting but in most cases not very useful .
Check out this diagram :
The part of the image outline in red represents the entire usable pixel area of the 550d .
Outlined in green is the 16x9 part of the sensor used in the HD modes with gray lines in half the frame to illustrate showing the line skipping occurs .
The little blue box in the middle is the part of the sensor used in Movie Crop mode .
The camera is cropping out the standard definition - sized center of the sensor to make videos of 640x480 resolution .
This is essentially the same as taking a photo from the camera and cropping it to 640x480 , except that it is 30 fps video .
What does this mean ?
The most apparent thing you notice when using this mode is whatever lens you have on is effectively 7 times longer .
A 50 mm lens becomes a 350 mm lens .
A 200 mm becomes a 1400 mm .
It also means you have some incredible macro capabilities because the minimum focus distance of the lens does n't change .
Finally , it actually has less aliasing artifacts than the HD modes in the camera .
As interesting as all of this is , it is not HD so it 's actual applications are very limited .
Here are some real examples :
i Phone / iPad compatible Youtube Link
A few notes about this video :
The camera has a normal 640x480 mode which is not included in the diagram at the top of the article .
It works essentially the same as the HD modes by line - skipping .
I included two HD clips at 100 % to show that the Movie Crop really does resolve more information than the HD mode .
The footage of the green bug was taken with an 80 mm lens , which really shows off the macro abilities of Movie Crop .
The baby foxes were shot at 3200 ISO , it is amazing that one can film in such lighting conditions even if it is grainy .
Movie Crop is a fun feature to have , but the lack of HD makes it mostly useless .
It would have been nice for Canon to include a 1080 p Movie Crop function which would give non-line - skipped footage with a crop factor .
Maybe this is something that will be included in professional Canon HDSLRs in the future .
Questions ?
Comments ?
Contact me .
Related Posts
Very Unscientific Canon 550d Tests
Pocket Cam : Scenes from Berlin
Lina Button @ Cafe Henrici
Nissan Commercial Vehicles
Nissan Motor Company is a multinational automobile company having its headquarters in Japan .
Nissan Motors or Nissan is going to unveil its brand new range of Commercial Vehicles at the Commercial Vehicle Operator Show and is widely believed to be the star attraction at the Commercial Vehicle Operator Show next month .
Nissan Commercial Vehicles , going by market survey trends and sales projections are believed to draw the maximum amount of footfalls and on the spot bookings at the Commercial Vehicle Operator Show next month .
Among Nissan ’s range of commercial vehicles , the changed Nissan Navara which is swankier than its predecessor , and the customer ’s favorite Nissan Pathfinder Van are believed to draw in the crowds at the Commercial Vehicle Operator
Show next month .
All the other Nissan models including the very well known Cabstar model and the prize winning compact van Nissan NV200 will be on display .
NV200 has been bestowed with a number of awards including those of What Van , Van of the Year , Van of the Year ( International ) , and a number of other awards , this car will be the top draw at the Commercial Vehicle Operator Show next month .
Nissan Motor Company boasts of a wide range of commercial vehicles of superior quality , unparalleled among the other competing car manufacturers in the world .
The specifications are excellent and Nissan commercial vehicles are definitely worth the investment .
Its best models will be on display in the Commercial Vehicle Operator Show next month .
Cars catering to all budgets are expected to be available in this show .
Prosecution Asks To Subpoena Naomi Campbell
In War Crimes Trial Because of New Evidence of ' Blood Diamond ' Gift After ABC News report , Campbell 's ex-agent recalls Campbell receiving diamonds .
May 20 , 2010  --
Prosecutors at an international war crimes trial have asked the judges to subpoena supermodel Naomi Campbell to testify about whether she received a ' blood diamond ' from an African warlord .
The request comes after the attorney for Campbell 's former modeling agent saw an ABC News report on allegations that Campbell had received a ' blood diamond ' from former Liberian president Charles Taylor .
The modeling agent , Carole White , has now given a statement to prosecutors saying that she witnessed several men giving Campbell a " half dozen " uncut diamonds .
Campbell has previously declined to testify in the case , which is being tried at the Special Court for Sierra Leone in the Netherlands .
Prosecutors have asked the judges to subpoena Campbell , and to call Carole White and actress Mia Farrow as witnesses .
In her statement , White , who was Campbell 's modeling agent from 1992 to 2007 , claims that she saw men working for Taylor giving Campbell the uncut stones after a dinner at Nelson Mandela 's house in South Africa in 1997 .
Taylor is on trial for allegedly fomenting a bloody rebellion in neighboring Sierra Leone , and using uncut diamonds to pay for weapons that he allegedly provided to the rebels .
When ABC News asked Campbell earlier this year if she had received a blood diamond from Taylor , she slapped an ABC News producer 's camera aside and denied ever receiving a diamond .
She has since refused to answer questions about the alleged receipt of a gem , telling talk show host Oprah Winfrey during a May appearance on her show that talking about the alleged incident would put her family in danger .
" I do n't want to be involved in this man 's case — he has done some terrible things and I do n't want to put my family in danger , " Campbell told Oprah and her millions of viewers .
Actress Mia Farrow claims that during a September 1997 visit to South Africa , she and Naomi Campbell were at then - South African president Nelson Mandela 's house for a dinner when Charles Taylor showed up .
War crimes prosecutors say that they believe Taylor was in South Africa to trade gems for weapons for the Sierra Leonean rebels .
Farrow has told ABC News , and war crimes investigators , that the morning after the dinner , Campbell told her she had received a " huge " uncut gem from representatives of Taylor who had come to her room during the night .
In a statement entered into the court record on May 18 , Carole White says she remembers Taylor attending the dinner , and saying during the dinner that he would like to give diamonds to Campbell .
White also says in the statement that representatives of Taylor came to the guest house where she and Campbell were staying that night and gave uncut diamonds to Campbell .
In an interview , White 's lawyer , Daniel Bright , said that White overheard Taylor telling Campbell at the dinner that he wanted to give her diamonds .
Later , according to Bright , when the representatives of Taylor came to the guest house they threw pebbles at the windows .
They hit White 's window with the pebbles and she let them into the house .
White allegedly then watched the men gave about a " half - dozen " uncut gems to Campbell .
According to Bright ,
White remembers Campbell being disappointed with the stones , since she had not expected them to be uncut .
Bright said that White claims she convinced Campbell to dispose of the stones the next day , and that she gave them to an unnamed third individual .
Mia Farrow told ABC News and prosecutors that Campbell had told her she planned to give the diamond to Nelson Mandela Children 's Fund .
The Fund told ABC News that it has no record of receiving any gems from Naomi Campbell .
White and Campbell are currently embroiled in dueling lawsuits .
White was Campbell 's agent at a London agency called Premiere Elite Modeling and then Premiere Modeling from 1992 to 2007 .
Bright is representing
White in a suit against Campbell in which White alleges that Campbell owes her money for royalties earned on a perfume .
Campbell 's countersuit alleges that Campbell was tricked into an unfair deal for the perfume .
Bright said that White first told him the tale of the alleged ' blood diamonds ' after the story first surfaced in an ABC News report in January .
Bright said he did not realize at the time that prosecutors in a war crimes trial were seeking Campbell 's testimony .
When a second ABC News report aired in April , Bright asked White if she was willing to talk to prosecutors about the alleged blood diamonds , and she said she was willing .
Neither a lawyer nor a spokeswoman for Naomi Campbell responded to requests for comment by press time .
A defense lawyer for Charles Taylor told ABC News Thursday that a " hearsay story of [ Taylor ] giving a gift of the diamond to a fashion model " would not prove the allegation that he bought arms while in South Africa .
The defense has ten days to respond to the prosecution 's motion for a subpoena .
CLICK HERE to follow ABC News Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross on Twitter .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
After seeing Evan Bourne main event RAW this past week in a tag team match with John Cena , this gets my brain going as to could it be possible for Bourne to be a main event talent ?
There are a few key factors ( in my opinion ) to figure in when trying to see if Bourne could stand next to the elite in the WWE .
Size Ring Skills Microphone Skills Overall Believability
SIZE
Evan is only 5 ’ 7 ″ tall and a mere 160 lbs ( approx ) .
Now look at the other competitors in the RAW main event picture :
WWE Champion John Cena is 6 ’ 3 ″ tall and 260 lbs .
Edge is 6 ’ 4 ″ tall and 240 lbs .
Sheamus is 6 ’ 6 ″ tall and 275 lbs .
Randy Orton is 6 ’ 5 ″ tall and 250 lbs .
Now call me Captain Obvious , but there ’s no real way to qualify Evan in the same league as these guys .
Now I know what most people are going to say , “ Rey Mysterio is a tiny guy , and he main evented PPV before ! ”
Well let me get through this whole situation and I ’ll answer that question for you .
RING SKILLS
There ’s no denying that Evan Bourne has a phenomenal finishing move with the Shooting Star Press so lovingly known as Air Bourne .
However , the key questions are could he hack it in the ring , specifically in a PPV setting where a match could go twenty minutes , and could he , in the grand scheme of things , actually be good enough in the eyes of the people involved with booking to go over in a one on one contest ?
I do n’t know how many of you have seen Bourne ’s matches on the indy circuit when he was known as Matt Sydal , but this guy can put on a great match .
The one factor that I have to bring in though is of all the matches I ’ve seen , it ’s him against guys who are similar to him in style .
They are with smaller wrestlers who like the frenetic pace and use high flying , lucha libre inspired maneuvers on a regular basis like him .
If he were across the ring from someone like Randy Orton , would he be able to technically hang with him ?
I could n’t say for certain .
MICROPHONE SKILLS
When it comes to his mic skills in WWE , we really have n’t seen too much to really form an opinion on if he ’s good or not .
You can draw conclusions that creative does n’t have strong faith that he can talk well , or that he really needs to have a speaking role as of yet , but that ’s really all that can be speculated .
From what I can find on Youtube , he ’s pretty average .
I found a few indy promos he cut , and they really lacked a fire that makes a great promo .
OVERALL BELIEVABILITY
What I mean by overall believability is if Evan Bourne is a main event talent , would all wrestling fans , young and old , believe that this little guy has the skills and heart to overcome all adversity ?
I bring back the people ’s argument of Rey Mysterio being a main event guy as an example .
Mysterio worked as a midcard guy and made his name there against smaller talent for a number of years abroad and in WCW before he really got his big push in WWE .
Mysterio and Bourne are not even in the same league talent wise .
For awhile there with some fans , yes it was believable that Mysterio could manage to defeat all enemies big and small , but in my opinion , he having a good run and eventually winning the title was beyond my capacity for believability .
Even now as he continues to win matches against guys the likes of Kane , it ’s still unbelievable .
Having said that , I do not think that Evan Bourne could be a convincing enough competitor to hang in the “ land of giants . ”
While I hate having to say something like that , the awful truth about pro wrestling is that it ’s a big man ’s sport .
Bourne may get a short term opportunity in the main event picture , but I do n’t foresee him holding on to that spot for too long .
And so the debate begins as we continue to watch what Monday Night RAW brings over the next few months .
In the grand scheme of things , my opinion does n’t really matter much .
It ’s the collective opinion of the WWE Universe and the WWE creative team that will determine where Bourne ’s career heads .
I would love to see he and other small guys get more opportunities to show their stuff on the big stage , but I cannot help but be a little pessimistic of their chances because history is not on their side .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari has been given the green light by the FIA to make modifications to its engine on reliability grounds following the problems it has had in the early stages of the season .
Both Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa have suffered engine issues in the opening flyaway events - with Alonso suffering two blow - ups that has left him in particular on the back foot in terms of his supply for the season .
With customer team Sauber having also encountered its share of engine issues , Ferrari conducted a detailed investigation into the matter after the Chinese Grand Prix .
And after finding out that there was an intrinsic problem with the design of the engine , Ferrari applied to the governing body to be able to make some improvements to the power units on reliability grounds .
The Maranello outfit was duly given approval and the modifications will be ready in time to be fitted to the F10 cars at this weekend 's Spanish Grand Prix .
Although Ferrari has not outlined exactly what the issues were with the engine , they are believed to relate to air consumption , which could have been caused by leaking pneumatic valves .
A statement by Ferrari said : " A lot of work was carried out on the test bench , completing several long runs and this work produced some solutions which it is felt will solve the reliability problems experienced in Bahrain and Malaysia .
The team therefore requested and received authorisation from the FIA to make some changes within the framework of the current engine regulations and these modifications will be fitted to the engines to be used in Spain .
" While since China , everyone in the Gestione Sportiva has been working hard as always on their various areas of activity , it is fair to say that over the past weeks , the staff in the engine department really produced a major effort , working night and day to analyse , evaluate and solve issues that have affected engine performance in past races . "
The Spanish GP will also see Ferrari fit the full version of the F - Duct to both drivers ' cars for the first time in practice , although a decision about whether the concept will be used for qualifying and the race will only be made after the results of the Friday sessions are in .
June 28 , 2010
Recession Warning
John P. Hussman , Ph.D .
All rights reserved and actively enforced .
Reprint Policy
Based on evidence that has always and only been observed during or immediately prior to U.S. recessions , the U.S. economy appears headed into a second leg of an unusually challenging downturn .
A few weeks ago , I noted that our recession warning composite was on the brink of a signal that has always and only occurred during or immediately prior to U.S. recessions , the last signal being the warning I reported in the November 12 , 2007 weekly comment Expecting A Recession ( the instance before that was the recession warning I reported in October 2000 ) .
While the set of criteria I outlined in 2007 would still require a decline in the ISM Purchasing Managers Index to 54 or less to complete a recession warning , what prompts my immediate concern is that the growth rate of the ECRI Weekly Leading Index has now declined to - 6.9 % .
The WLI growth rate has historically demonstrated a strong correlation with the ISM Purchasing Managers Index , with the correlation being highest at a lead time of 13 weeks .
Taking the growth rate of the WLI as a single indicator , the only instance when a level of - 6.9 % was not associated with an actual recession was a single observation in 1988 .
But as I 've long noted , recession evidence is best taken as a syndrome of multiple conditions , including the behavior of the yield curve , credit spreads , stock prices , and employment growth .
Given that the WLI growth rate leads the PMI by about 13 weeks , I substituted the WLI growth rate for the PMI criterion in condition 4 of our recession warning composite .
As you can see , the results are nearly identical , and not surprisingly , are slightly more timely than using the PMI .
The blue line indicates recession warning signals from the composite of indicators , while the red blocks indicate official U.S. recessions as identified by the National Bureau of Economic Research .
The blue spike at the right of the graph indicates that the U.S. economy is most probably either in , or immediately entering a second phase of contraction .
Of course , the evidence could be incorrect in this instance , but the broader economic context provides no strong basis for ignoring the present warning in the hope of a contrary outcome .
Indeed , if anything , credit conditions suggest that we should allow for outcomes that are more challenging than we have typically observed in the post - war period .
Unthinkability is Not Evidence
One of the greatest risks to investors here is the temptation to form investment expectations based on the behavior of the U.S. stock market and economy over the past three or four decades .
The credit strains and deleveraging risks we currently observe are , from that context , wildly " out of sample . "
To form valid expectations of how the economic and financial situation is likely to resolve , it 's necessary to consider data sets that share similar characteristics .
Fortunately , the U.S. has not observed a systemic banking crisis of the recent magnitude since the Great Depression .
Unfortunately , that also means that we have to broaden our data set in ways that investors currently do n't seem to be contemplating .
On this front , perhaps the best single reference is a somewhat academic book on economic history with the intentionally sardonic title , This Time Is Different , by economists Kenneth Rogoff ( Harvard ) and Carmen Reinhart ( University of Maryland ) .
The book presents lessons from a massive analysis of world economic history , including recent data from industrialized nations , as well as evidence dating to twelfth - century China and medieval Europe .
Reinhart and Rogoff observe that the outcomes of systemic credit crises have shown an astonishing similarity both across different countries and across different centuries .
These lessons are not available to investors who restrict their attention to the past three or four decades of U.S. data .
Reinhart and Rogoff observe that following systemic banking crises , the duration of housing price declines has averaged roughly six years , while the downturn in equity prices has averaged about 3.4 years .
On average , unemployment rises for almost 5 years .
If we mark the beginning of this crisis in early 2008 with the collapse of Bear Stearns , it seems rather hopeful to view the March 2009 market low as a durable " V " bottom for the stock market , and to expect a sustained economic expansion to happily pick up where last year 's massive dose of " stimulus " spending now trails off .
The average adjustment periods following major credit strains would place a stock market low closer to mid-2011 , a peak in unemployment near the end of 2012 and a trough in housing perhaps by 2014 .
Given currently elevated equity valuations , widening credit spreads , deteriorating market internals , and the rapidly increasing risk of fresh economic weakness , there is little in the current data to rule out these extended time frames .
In recent months , I have finessed this issue by encouraging investors to carefully examine their risk exposures .
I 'm not sure that finesse is helpful any longer .
The probabilities are becoming too high to use gentle wording .
Though I usually confine my views to statements about probability and " average " behavior , this becomes fruitless when every outcome associated with the data is negative , with no counterexamples .
Put bluntly , I believe that the economy is again turning lower , and that there is a reasonable likelihood that the U.S. stock market will ultimately violate its March 2009 lows before the current adjustment cycle is complete .
At present , the best argument against this outcome is that it is unthinkable .
Unfortunately , once policy makers have squandered public confidence , the market does not care whether the outcomes it produces are unthinkable .
Unthinkability is not evidence .
Moreover , from a valuation standpoint , a further market trough would not even be " out of sample " in post - war data .
Based on our standard valuation methods , the S&P 500 Index would have to drop to about 500 to match historical post - war points of secular undervaluation , such as June 1950 , September 1974 , and July 1982 .
We do not have to contemplate outcomes such as April 1932 ( when the S&P 500 dropped to just 2.8 times its pre-Depression earnings peak ) to allow for the possibility of further market difficulty in the coming years .
Even strictly post - war data is sufficient to establish that the lows we observed in March 2009 did not represent anything close to generational undervaluation .
We face real , structural economic problems that will not go away easily , and it is important to avoid the delusion that the average valuations typical of the recent bubble period represent sustainable norms .
Our policy makers have spent their ammunition in the attempt to bail out bondholders and to create an entirely deficit - financed appearance of economic strength .
It would be better to allow insolvent , non-sovereign debt to default ( including long - term Fannie and Freddie obligations , and obligations to bank bondholders ) , and to instead use public funds to take receivership of failing institutions and to defend customers and depositors from the effects .
Restructuring is probably a more useful word , but in any case , the key element is that those who actually made the loans , not the public , should absorb the loss .
Restructuring means simply that the payment terms are rewritten to reflect the lower amount that will delivered over time .
I can't emphasize this point often enough - " failure " of a financial institution means only that the bondholders do n't receive 100 cents on the dollar plus interest .
Failure is only a problem when it requires piecemeal liquidation , as occurred in the case of Lehman .
This is not necessary when appropriate regulators can take receivership of insolvent bank and non-bank institutions ( as the new financial regulatory bill now provides ) .
My greatest concern is that these new receivership powers will not be implemented because the Fed and the Treasury are both in bed with major Wall Street and banking institutions .
Yet there is no effective alternative .
Having squandered trillions in an empty confidence - building exercise , it will be nearly impossible for those same policies to build confidence again in the increasingly likely event that the economy turns lower and defaults pick up again .
The best approach will still be to allow bad debt to go bad , let the bondholders lose , and defend the customers by taking whole - bank receivership ( as the FDIC does seamlessly nearly every week with failing institutions ) .
Almost undoubtedly , however , our policy makers will choose to defend bondholders again , pushing our government debt to a level that is so untenably high that little recourse will remain but to suppress the real obligation through long - term inflation ( though as noted below , the near - term effects of credit crises are almost invariably deflationary at first ) .
Though Reinhart and Rogoff published This Time is Different in early 2009 , extending the analysis they provided in a January 2008 NBER working paper ( 13761 ) , the book accurately foreshadowed the recent debt crisis in European countries , noting " As of this writing , it remains to be seen whether the global surge in financial sector turbulence will lead to a similar outcome in the sovereign default cycle .
The precedent , however , appears discouraging on that score .
A sharp rise in sovereign defaults in the current global financial environment would hardly be surprising . "
It is interesting that despite the apparent stabilization of the Euro in recent weeks , the stabilization more reflects sudden concerns about the U.S. dollar than improvement of European debt conditions .
Notice that relative to the Swiss Franc , for example , the Euro continues to plunge to fresh lows .
Deflation , Inflation
Reinhart and Rogoff observe that " the aftermath of systemic banking crises involves a protracted and pronounced contraction in economic activity and puts significant strains on government resources .
Banking crises almost invariably lead to sharp declines in tax revenues as well as significant increases in government spending .
On average , government debt rises by 86 percent during the three years following a banking crisis .
" Banking crises in advanced economies significantly drag down world growth .
The slowing , or outright contraction , of economic activity tends to hit exports especially hard .
Weakening global growth has historically been associated with declining world commodity prices .
These reduce the export earnings of primary commodity producers and , accordingly , their ability to service debt . "
From an inflation standpoint , is important to recognize the distinction between what occurs during a credit crisis and what occurs afterward .
Credit strains typically create a nearly frantic demand for government liabilities that are considered default - free ( even if they are subject to inflation risk ) .
This raises the marginal utility of government liabilities relative to the marginal utility of goods and services .
That 's an economist 's way of saying that interest rates drop and deflation pressures take hold .
Commodity price declines are also common , which is a word of caution to investors accumulating gold here , who may experience a roller - coaster shortly .
Over the short - term , very large quantities of money and government debt can be created with seemingly no ill effects .
It 's typically several years after the crisis that those liabilities lose value , ultimately at a very rapid pace .
Reinhart and Rogoff continue , " Episodes of treacherously high inflation are another recurrent theme .
Indeed , there is a very strong parallel between our proposition that few countries have avoided serial default on external debt and the proposition that few countries have avoided serial bouts of high inflation .
Even the United States has a checkered history .
Governments can default on domestic debt through high and unanticipated inflation , as the United States and many European countries famously did in the 1970's .
" Early on across the world , the main device for defaulting on government obligations was that of debasing the content of the coinage .
Modern currency presses are just a technologically advanced and more efficient approach to achieving the same end .
In many important episodes , domestic debt has been a major factor in a government 's incentive to allow inflation , if not indeed the dominant one .
If a global surge in banking crises indicates a likely rise in sovereign defaults , it may also signal a potential rise in the share of countries experiencing high inflation .
Inflation has long been the weapon of choice in sovereign defaults on domestic debt and , where possible , on international debt . "
Commenting on why last year 's massive interventions may not have addressed global problems , economist David Rosenberg of Gluskin - Sheff aptly observes - " It 's about bad short - term decisions over good long - term solutions , which is burying the world .
While U.S. banks have recapitalized themselves and written off debt , this cycle has been dominated by governments socializing the losses and taking the bad debts from the private sector and transferring the liabilities to the public sector balance sheets .
We now have a global debt problem and in order to deal with it we must understand the magnitude .
Even with low interest rates , the massive debt bulge in the U.S. has become so large that interest charges on the public debt are within a decade of absorbing over 30 % of the revenue base , which then makes it that much tougher to reverse course .
When you add up the entitlement programs , what we have is 65 % of total government spending that can't be touched .
In the next few years , under status quo policies , this ' mandatory ' share of the spending pie goes to 72 % . "
In short , my concerns about the economy and financial markets are escalating quickly .
Given the already vulnerable condition of the U.S. economy , a second phase of weakness would most likely contribute to already troubling levels of mortgage delinquency and foreclosure , and could be expected to push the unemployment rate toward 12 % .
It is not useful to rule out unfavorable outcomes simply because they seem unpleasant or unthinkable .
It is also not useful to place superstitious hope in the Fed and the Treasury to fix the consequences of irresponsible lending without any ill effect .
In the coming quarters , remember that every time you hear an incomprehensibly large bailout commitment from government , it will equate to an unconscionably large extraction of public resources , possibly through overt taxation , but more likely through the long - term destruction of purchasing power .
Fannie , Freddie , and the delusion of uniform quality
While the Treasury 's quiet extension of 3 - year bailout funding for the GSEs was not part of Congressional intent , the word I 've received is that representatives believe it was legal , but only because of a loophole that would have required explicit Congressional approval had the Treasury made the same announcement a week later .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac remain responsible for about 3 out of 4 outstanding U.S. mortgages .
The way the bailout money is being used is that , for example , Fannie Mae is purchasing all mortgage loans in its MBS pools that are delinquent by more than four months .
It effectively pays off the full mortgage balance on those homes , retires a portion of outstanding mortgage backed securities , and takes ownership of the collateral .
Of course , none of those homes can be liquidated at anything close to their outstanding mortgage balances , but that 's the deal that Fannie and Freddie made in return for a negligible insurance premium ( G - fee ) , and that Tim Geithner graciously stands behind on behalf of the public .
Accordingly , Fannie and Freddie are already sitting on 160,000 foreclosed homes , with losses escalating at public expense .
Edward DeMarco , who oversees the government 's conservation of Fannie and Freddie , observes " we cannot do this indefinitely . "
While our Treasury 's magnanimous generosity ensures that Fannie and Freddie obligations maturing through 2012 will be paid in full , if at public expense , it is clear that longer - term GSE obligations should not be viewed as sovereign debt .
GSE obligations with maturities beyond 2012 are the obligations of insolvent institutions , not of the U.S. government .
As such , the collateral behind these obligations should emphatically not be considered of uniform credit quality .
It follows that many of Fannie and Freddie 's long - term securities should carry junk status .
The disastrously misleading rating of subprime debt pales in comparison to the current practice of rating longer - term GSE debt as investment grade .
In my opinion , Congress should make this distinction clear sooner rather than later , and let the market price this debt accordingly .
The problem , of course , is that the Fed also owns $ 1.5 trillion of these obligations , which is a travesty of judgment and an abuse of public trust .
Regardless , to the extent that the Fed takes losses , it will provide useful discipline on the Fed itself , which it profoundly lacks .
At this point , the public will take a loss on Fed - held GSE debt in any event , either through direct default or equivalent bailout cost to the Treasury .
Actual losses in market value would be more transparent , and might even prompt the appropriate resignation of Ben Bernanke .
If the public has an interest in promoting home ownership , it should not be by slapping cheap insurance on wildly heterogeneous credit risks , with no residual risk to the mortgage originator .
It certainly should not be through Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , both of which have been disastrously managed .
This is not a surprise - it has been clear for nearly a decade that these institutions have operated with far too much risk and far too generous assumptions about the impossibility of default and risk mismatches .
Even in 2002 , the GSEs were producing large duration mismatches that threatened their solvency to a much greater extent that investors understood , which is one of the reasons I noted in January of that year " I do n't even understand why Fannie Mae trades at all . "
Except for a note or two suggesting that my view was preposterous , nobody cared .
But one can only play balance sheet roulette for so long .
Fannie and Freddie became penny stocks about a week ago as it was announced that they would be delisted .
It may grease the skids of capitalism for investors to treat all GSE securities as homogeneous , and all credit risk as being perfectly described by a letter of the alphabet .
The wheels of Wall Street are constantly churning to create credit default swaps and payment guarantees to make investors believe that no thought is required of them other than to hand over their money .
But this belief in uniform quality is a delusion .
The institutions that provided these guarantees were at far more risk than investors understood , which is why AIG , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were the first to go down , and why the U.S. public is paying hundreds of billions to make sure that bondholders get a good deal despite the failure of the underlying collateral .
As Bill Hester notes in his latest research piece The Great Divergence ( additional link below ) , it is also a mistake to view international debt and equity to be of uniform quality .
Distinctions and selectivity among investments will most probably be increasingly important as we move through the coming years .
Market Climate
As of last week , the Market Climate for stocks remained characterized by unfavorable valuations and unfavorable market action - a combination that has been unfortunately frequent over the past decade , but has historically occurred only about 25 % of the time .
A natural consequence of the frequency of this particular Climate over the past decade is that the S&P 500 has delivered a negative total return over this period .
This outcome underscores the fact that market outcomes on average do vary with valuations and market action .
But it also reflects an economy that has constantly misallocated resources because we have embraced quick fixes , bailouts , speculation , cheap money , and quarterly operating earnings , rather than careful risk assessment and a focus on long - term solvency and properly discounted cash flows .
Frankly , if one good thing comes out of the recent ( and likely continuing ) trouble , it will be revulsion toward " playing " the market as if it is some sort of carnival .
The Strategic Growth Fund is fully hedged here .
In this position , the primary source of day - to - day fluctuations in Fund value is the difference between the stocks owned by the Fund and the indices we use to hedge .
In bonds , the Market Climate last week was characterized by moderately unfavorable yield levels and favorable yield pressures .
Credit spreads continue to widen , and we 've observed a flattening of the yield curve due to a flight - to - safety in default free instruments .
This may seem like an odd outcome , given that the growing issuance of Treasury and Fed liabilities is gradually setting us up for a difficult inflationary period beginning in the second half of this decade , but it is a strong regularity that " default - free " beats " inflation prone " during periods of crisis .
For that same reason , we have to be careful about concluding that the growth of government liabilities will quickly translate into continued appreciation in precious metals and other commodities .
Again , the historical regularity is for commodities to decline , though with a lag , once credit difficulties emerge .
My weekly comments on this front might be less redundant if there were more subtlety to the issue , but it is subtle enough to recognize that the long - term inflationary implications of current monetary and fiscal policies will not necessarily translate into negative short - term outcomes for the Treasury market , nor persistently positive short - term outcomes for commodities .
NEW from Bill Hester : The Great Divergence
---
The foregoing comments represent the general investment analysis and economic views of the Advisor , and are provided solely for the purpose of information , instruction and discourse .
Prospectuses for the Hussman Strategic Growth Fund , the Hussman Strategic Total Return Fund , the Hussman Strategic International Fund , and the Hussman Strategic Dividend Value Fund , as well as Fund reports and other information , are available by clicking " The Funds " menu button from any page of this website .
Estimates of prospective return and risk for equities , bonds , and other financial markets are forward - looking statements based the analysis and reasonable beliefs of Hussman Strategic Advisors .
They are not a guarantee of future performance , and are not indicative of the prospective returns of any of the Hussman Funds .
Actual returns may differ substantially from the estimates provided .
Estimates of prospective long - term returns for the S&P 500 reflect our standard valuation methodology , focusing on the relationship between current market prices and earnings , dividends and other fundamentals , adjusted for variability over the economic cycle ( see for example Investment , Speculation , Valuation , and Tinker Bell , The Likely Range of Market Returns in the Coming Decade and Valuing the S&P 500 Using Forward Operating Earnings ) .
The way drinking go works , Jacky Sun explained at dinner Friday night , is that the loser of the game has to down a beer .
“ I played the former European go champion , I think he was from Finland , maybe , and I lost the game but I won the drinking , ” Jacky boasted .
He and Qin Zhixuan were playing in the teacher ’s room at Jin Sheng Yu’s go school Friday night while I played a simul with two students ( see Chicken Feet , New Friends , the Mysteries of Go and Pint - Sized Players ) .
After the kids left , EJ photog John Pinkerton and I went in to check on the game .
Qin was trying to activate some non-existent aji but Jacky was giving no quarter and soon Qin was paying for his loss by downing a giant bottle of Suntory in one long gulp .
Go is thirsty work .
After the Blue Elephant Go School visit Saturday morning ( see At the Blue Elephant Go School ) , Du Yufeng 3P dropped us off at a coffee shop where some of her friends have been playing go every weekend for seven years .
“ There are n’t really any go clubs in Shanghai , ” Danny Wang ( below ) told us .
“ It ’s easier just to play on the Internet , and it ’s free . ”
Still , Danny and his friends — all very strong dan players — prefer to hang out at the coffeeshop on the weekends and they welcomed us to the gang , keeping our glasses filled with tea , showing us how to peel ripe lychee nuts and taking turns giving us games .
“ Go is a good way to make new friends , ” Danny said .
The afternoon slid by as rain pattered outside and stone s clicked on the boards .
We lost track of time and how many games we played .
After a few games with one player , another would take his place .
Some smacked their stones down forcefully , some gently .
All smoked and all played classically good shape patiently , never gambling on a quick win .
At game ’s end the stones would fly around the board during Chinese counting and each time we ’d come up short and the cycle would begin again .
After a dinner break nearby —
Chinese food family - style with beers and toasts each time our glasses were refilled and a discussion about favorite go professionals — the games continued into the night until finally it was time to say goodbye — until next time — to our new Shanghai go friends .
– Chris Garlock ; photos by John Pinkerton
Nature has published a paper on the genetics of autism which we report here .
Over the coming days and weeks , we will post updates on this important story and links to sources of further information
The story so far
• Alleged conflict of interest
• North American press coverage and blogs
• Appeal for blood samples
• Public policy implications
• An executive summary from PZ Myers
• The importance of copy number variations
• Oxford researchers speak
• British press coverage
• ' A great deal more research to be done '
• Autism is not a single - gene disorder
• Is there evidence for environmental factors ?
• Genes involved in brain function
Alleged conflict of interest
Tuesday June 15 , 11.25 am : At ScienceBlogs , Orac has posted a response to John Stone 's article on alleged conflicts of interest on the Age of Autism blog .
Orac points out that , just because the senior author of the Nature paper , Stephen Scherer , has a professorship that is endowed by the drug company GlaxoSmithKline , it does not automatically imply a conflict of interest or bias in his research .
To create an endowed chair , says Orac , a company or wealthy donor gives a university a lot of money , and the university sets up the endowed chair using that money .
Interest and dividends from the fund are then put at the disposal of the holder of the chair to do research and scholarship as he or she sees fit .
This model is desirable because endowed chairs give researchers a reliable source of money without needing to write grant proposals all the time .
Orac continues :
Once an endowed chair is set up , the donor usually has no say over who gets the chair or how the money for the chair is spent .
Claiming that Professor Scherer 's holding the GSK chair at his institution is an insurmountable COI [ conflict of interest ] that needed to be reported is , quite simply , ridiculous to anyone in academia who knows what an endowed chair is .
Clearly , Mr. Stone does not , although one commenter going by the 'nym of Werdna does try to set Mr. Stone straight .
It 's a rare thing indeed on AoA [ Age of Autism ] for a commenter to take a blogger to task like that , something that usually only happens when an AoA blogger makes a mistake too egregious even for some of the less nutty AoA readers .
It 's also well worth reading Orac 's masterful description of the Nature research itself .
There 's lots of technical detail here but worth persevering with if you 're interested in getting a handle on the complex genetics behind autism .
5.47 pm : Blogger John Stone alleges that the senior author of the Nature study had a " competing interest " that was not clearly stated in the paper .
Writing on the blog Age of Autism , Stone says Stephen Scherer 's position as GlaxoSmithKline - CIHR Pathfinder Chair in Genetics and Genomics at the Hospital for Sick Children and University of Toronto was " tucked away " in the acknowledgements for the paper rather than being declared prominently as a competing interest .
GlaxoSmithKline manufactures an MMR vaccine called Priorix .
• Back to contents list
North American press coverage and blogs
Monday 12.14 pm : Two more excellent US write - ups of the research , in Time and on Yahoo Health .
The Yahoo Health story concludes :
" What the study does not answer is how the genetic changes occur .
Genes can be altered by the environment and the age of the parents has been linked with autism in some studies .
Some advocacy groups maintain that vaccines can cause autism , although many studies have ruled this out and a British researcher whose work gave the vaccine movement its impetus has had his study and medical license withdrawn . "
A Canadian blogger , " Facing autism in New Brunswick " , takes up this theme with a call for more research into environmental triggers of the condition :
" Over the past two decades funding for autism research has been provided overwhelmingly in favor of genetic autism research .
This major new study which is prompting gleeful headlines around the world actually tells us that there is no common genetic cause of autism , that there are many specific genetic mutations involved with autism .
As reported on CTV News which interviewed Dr Stephen Scherer , one of the lead researchers on the project , the study itself did not identify all the genetic factors involved with autism disorders and does not begin to identify possible environmental triggers . "
The blogger wants to know how the genetic changes occur , and what the environmental triggers might be for those with a genetic susceptibility .
" As far as I can tell from reading various reports the study does not rule out ANY possible environmental causes or triggers of autism or of the genetic changes reported in the study .
If anything the study appears to indicate the need for research of environmental triggers to begin in earnest after decades of intentional neglect by those with responsibility for funding autism research . "
Thanks to Dorothy Bishop , professor of developmental neuropsychology at the University of Oxford , for bringing these articles to our attention .
8.19 pm : More coverage from the US , where parents and patient groups have blamed mercury in vaccines for the rise in diagnosed cases of autism , according to The Palm Beach Post .
The article continues :
" The majority of scientists say the assertion has been debunked and that vaccines play no role in autism , but some parents and patient groups contend it 's true . "
Meanwhile , in a personal piece based on her experience of having a brother diagnosed with the condition , Grace Boyle at the Independent says :
" To suggest that these [ genetic ] variations represent an illness that can be treated sits uncomfortably with me , and I 'm sure with many others . "
The blog LBRB ( Left Brain , Right Brain – autism news , science and opinion ) has an interview with one of the researchers , Stephen Scherer :
" I am always frustrated when I hear at the end of most news stories … ' and we do n't know what can cause autism ' .
Data from the past few years including our new study show alterations in genes can cause autism .
We have not found all of the genes yet , and not all autism cases can be accounted for ( the genetics can be complex ) but genes can cause autism . "
He goes on :
" I think one of the most important impacts of the study is the design itself ... CNV [ Copy Number Variation ] studies are still quite tricky to do and the data has to be of the highest quality to make sense of it .
I think our study on autism will set the standard for all other studies going forward , so they should follow it . "
6.49 pm : Ruth Francis , head of press at Nature Publishing Group , also gives the thumbs - up to Scientific American 's reporting of the findings .
The point about the research explaining the genetic basis of only 3 % of autism cases is pressed home .
Scientific American quotes Rita Cantor of the David Geffen School of Medicine at the University of California , Los Angeles :
Cantor says a study 10 times bigger – sampling 10,000 children with autism and as many controls – would be required to see if the results replicate in a larger population as well as uncover new , rare genetic variations , which are almost certain to emerge .
Whole genome sequencing will also be important to pinpoint other kinds of genetic variation involved in autism .
• Back to contents list
Appeal for blood samples
6.19 pm : Several US blog and news sites reported the Nature paper .
Of particular note is Nancy Shute 's blog for USNews.com in which she passes on an appeal for American parents of children with autism to come forward for genetic testing through the Interactive Autism Network .
Stanley Nelson , a geneticist at the University of California - Los Angeles who is involved in the online project , emailed her about the Nature paper saying :
" This work is grossly inadequate , even though it reflects about 15 to 20 years of sample collection , tens of millions [ of dollars ] in molecular testing , and analytical effort . "
The study explained the genetic basis of only 3 % of diagnosed cases of autism , he said .
It turns out Nelson has no quibbles with the research itself but believes that blood samples from many , many more patients are needed to get the complete picture .
According to Nelson it cost the Autism Genome Project more than $ 4,000 ( around £ 2,800 ) to test each family , including a home visit by a trained researcher .
Otherwise families had to live near a major research institution where they could present themselves .
The Interactive Autism Network claims its online application form and network of 1,600 testing centres across the US can cut that to around $ 100 ( £ 70 ) per DNA sample .
The database used by the Nature researchers , the Autism Genetic Resource Exchange , has samples from about 10,000 people with autism .
Nelson wants to boost that number to 300,000 .
That 's an audacious goal , says Shute , " but Nelson thinks it 's the only way scientists will be able to crack the mystery of autism . "
Elsewhere in the US media , Saundra Young of CNN provides a good roundup of the research and reports that the Autism Genome Project is currently analysing a further 1,500 families .
There 's also a thorough write - up by Katharine Harmon at Scientific American .
Our thanks to blogger Heather Doran at the Institute of Medical Sciences , University of Aberdeen , for passing on these US links .
• Back to contents list
12.17 pm : NHS Choices provides a very useful explainer on the new research for patients and parents .
Thanks to @cebmblog for directing us to the article .
Public policy implications
11.55 am : This may be a good time to mention that we have set up a Twitter account @Story Tracker both to notify followers about the latest updates to our science story trackers and to receive new nuggets of information .
@xmalik , who is a clerk on the House of Commons science and technology committee in the UK , has tweeted that there is a POST document from February 2008 summarising the public policy implications of the discovery that autism is more prevalent than was previously recognised .
( POST is a parliamentary office that provides " independent and balanced analysis of public policy issues that have a basis in science and technology " . )
• Back to contents list
An executive summary from PZ Myers
Friday 11.36 am : Dorothy Bishop , professor of developmental neuropsychology at Oxford University , has sent us a link to PZ Myers ' excellent blog on the new research .
Myers provides an " executive summary " of the paper :
A large study of almost a thousand autistic individuals for genetic variations that make them different from control individuals has found that Autism Spectrum Disorder has many different genetic causes : there is n't one single gene responsible for ASD , but a constellation of hundreds , each with the potential to affect the development of the brain and cause the symptoms of autism .
They do n't know exactly how each of these genes contributes to the disorder , but they have found that many of them are involved in growth and cell communication and the formation of synapses in the brain .
The bottom line is that there are many different ways to cause the symptoms of autism , and it's a mistake to try to pin it all on single , simple causes .
Any hope for amelioration lies in understanding the general functional processes that are disrupted by mutations in various pathways .
So autism has every appearance of being hundreds of diseases , and the genetic cause in every individual is unique .
Do n't despair , says Myers , this is just the start .
" Although there are many genes involved , we can try to ask what all of them have in common functionally . "
Here 's a first stab at puzzling out what these genes do .
The genes that have been identified as being deficient in ASD individuals are mapped out by known functions , and what jumps out at you is that the hundreds of specific genes fall into a smaller number of functional categories .
Many of them cluster in a few functional roles : cell proliferation ( genes that affect the number of cells in a tissues ) and cell projection ( particularly important in neurons , where cells will extend long processes that project into target regions ) , and a specific class of cell signaling molecules , RAS - GTPases , which are involved in how cells communicate with one another and are particularly important in synapses , or the linkages between neurons .
Cautiously , Myers concludes that this commonality gives some " hints of hope for future treatment " .
To those still seeking an environmental cause for autism in the early life of children , he has this to say :
One fact is so obvious that it 's unfortunate I have to mention it : no external agent , such as a vaccine , can generate a consistent pattern of duplication and deletions in an affected individual 's cells .
• Back to contents list
The importance of copy number variations
Thursday 10 June , 7.15 pm : At 80 Beats , the Discover blog news aggregator , writers make it clearer how some of the variants seen in the autistic children came about – not all are inherited :
For this study , researchers at the international Autism Genome Project wanted a closer , more detailed picture of the over 100 genes commonly linked to autism .
They looked for rare variants – small deletions or additions to the DNA sequences that make up these genes .
They found that people with autism had a higher number of these variants than those without the disorder , and that some of these DNA differences were not inherited .
That means these DNA changes occurred either in the egg cell , sperm , or in the developing embryo .
At New Scientist 's Short Sharp Science blog , Celeste Biever notes how copy number variations ( CNVs ) are becoming an important area of study for genetics researchers :
CNVs are increasingly being implicated in a range of conditions , from obesity to schizophrenia .
But it 's not the first time they have been implicated in autism .
In 2007 , a team led by Jonathan Sebat of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory on Long Island , New York , found that they were 10 times as common in autistic children as in other children - based on a study that looked at 118 families that each had one autistic child .
More recently the prevalence of CNVs in people with autism has been used to support a theory that suggests autism and schizophrenia are at opposite ends of a common spectrum , or two sides of the same coin .
Amanda Gardner at Bloomberg Business
Week highlights the connection between autism and other learning disorders as outlined by the researchers .
Quoting Stephen Scherer of the The Hospital for Sick Children and University of Toronto , and Andy Shih , vice president of scientific affairs at Autism Speaks , the charity which part - funded the work :
" About 6 % of these occur as new CNVs in autistic individuals but the vast majority are rare , inherited CNVs , " Scherer explained .
" With autism , there 's a higher likelihood of having CNVs in their genes , especially genes related to intellectual disability , " Shih stated .
About 40 % to 50 % of kids with autism also have intellectual disabilities , Scherer pointed out .
There were also commonalities with other disorders , including schizophrenia , Shih said .
Science Now explains that " just over 5 % of those affected had at least one ' de novo ' copy number variant that had appeared in the sperm or egg cell forming the embryo , or spontaneously in the fertilised egg . "
There was also more on the function of the genes affected by the copy number variations :
That said , the team found that genes deleted in autistic patients tended to perform similar tasks .
Many were involved in aspects of cell proliferation , such as organ formation .
A number participated in development of the central nervous system and others in maintaining the cytoskeleton , which protects the cell and helps it move .
On the BBC , Pallab Ghosh quotes Anthony Monaco on the possibility of tests in British hospitals :
According to Professor Monaco :
" The idea is to track these genes in their families and see if we can offer genetic counselling and what information we can offer the patient .
If we can show the efficacy of that in the clinical care of the patients then we can push for it into genetic testing in the NHS . "
• Back to contents list
Oxford researchers speak
Thursday 10 June , 7 pm : The University of Oxford researchers involved have been speaking to BBC World Service Newshour - Anthony Monaco and a parent of children with autism - spectrum disorder talked about the implications .
A BBC Oxford interview illustrates just how excited the scientists involved in the autism study are with their results .
Thanks to @jpawood in the University of Oxford press office for those links .
Talking of which , here 's the Oxford press release on the research .
For reference , here are the press releases from some of the main institutions involved in the study :
DNA scan for familial autism finds variants that disrupt gene activity in autistic kids ( University of California , Los Angeles )
TCD researchers discover new autism genes as part of major international research project ( Trinity College Dublin )
New genetic findings expected to accelerate autism testing and development of treatments ( The Hospital for Sick Children , University of Toronto )
New autism genes discovered : Autism Speaks and the world 's leading autism experts announce phase 2 results of the Autism Genome Project ( Autism Speaks )
Also , here is Nature 's press release for the paper :
Genetics :
The roots of autism ( AOP )
DOI : 10.1038/nature09146
This week in Nature , Stephen Scherer and the Autism Genome Project Consortium describe the results of a genetic analysis of the largest assemblage of families with autism spectrum disorder .
The autism spectrum disorders ( ASDs ) are a group of conditions characterized by highly repetitive behaviour , severely restricted interests , and problems with social interactions and communication .
Although ASDs are known to be highly heritable , geneticists have struggled to home in on the precise genetic elements responsible .
The authors looked for copy number variants ( CNVs ) — segments of DNA for which the copy number differs between individual genomes — across the genomes of nearly 1,000 ASD individuals and around 1,200 healthy people .
Their comparison shows that ASD sufferers carry a greater number of rare CNVs , both inherited and those that have arisen for the first time in the ASD sufferers .
These variants frequently involve coding portions of the genome .
The study implicates many novel genes as ASD candidates .
For example , in people with an ASD , CNVs disrupt sets of genes involved in cellular proliferation , projection and motility , and GTPase / Ras signalling pathways .
• Back to contents list
British press coverage
Thursday June 10 , 1:00 pm : Interesting to see how this story has been covered in different places .
The Nature news blog applies its trademark clarity on who did what and what they found and contains some inteersting detail on the actual variants uncovered in the research , such as " one region of the X - chromosome , called the DDX53 - PTCHD1 locus , were associated with a three - fold higher risk of autism spectrum disorder . "
Mark Henderson in The Times raises the possibility of genetic tests for autism .
Over at The Independent the main story by science editor Steve Connor claims that the latest Nature research is the " first significant link between autism and DNA " while health editor Jeremy Laurence argues that the " biggest puzzle about autism is the huge rise in cases , up 12 - fold among children in the past 30 years , according to some estimates " .
Not sure about the premise of the Indy 's news story , especially given that several gene variants were implicated in autism barely a year ago and the results published in Nature and the Annals of Human Genetics .
See the Guardian , Times and WebMD .
At the Telegraph , Richard Alleyne blames autism on " rogue genes " .
The Mirror also a short report .
By the way , several commenters seem concerned at the implications of the research , asking why was it done and wondering whether it is just a way to brand autism as a disease that can and should be eliminated .
For anyone thinking that , I 'd suggest you read Charlotte Moore 's article in the Guardian , explaining what the Nature study means to her .
Next update will include bloggers ' reactions so far , so send me any links you think are worth including .
So far I quite like Discover for its impressive detail .
• Back to contents list
' A great deal more research to be done '
Wednesday 8.33 pm : Gina Gómez de la Cuesta , action research leader at The National Autistic Society , says : " This study furthers our understanding of genetic variation in autism , however there is a great deal more research to be done .
Research into autism is constantly evolving but the exact causes are as yet still unknown .
The difficulty of establishing gene involvement is compounded by the interaction of genes with the environment .
Genetic testing for autism is still a long way off , given that autism is so complex .
Whilst it is very important that research continues , it is also crucial that those living with the condition have access to appropriate advice and information , as the right support at the right time can make an enormous difference to people 's lives . "
• Back to contents list
Autism is not a single - gene disorder
8.29 pm : Anthony Monaco , a geneticist at the University of Oxford , re-iterated Gallagher 's point by saying that the genetic picture of autism was too complex to make meaningful predictions right now .
" One can only offer , when we have a lot more data , an understanding of the probability of an outcome given you 've inherited a CNV .
It 's not like cystic fibrosis or muscular dystrophy or other single - gene disorders where one can say with a lot more certainty that if you have a mutation in that gene then a pre-natal diagnostic test can be done and you can predict with fair certainty that the foetus does or does not have the mutation and will probably get the disorder .
Here we 're talking about low probabilities and risks and that will be the big issue with pre-natal testing and we wo n't be able to think about this until we gather a lot more information .
Even with all that , it may be difficult to offer the certainty a person wants from a pre-natal test . "
• Back to contents list
8.24 pm : What about genetic tests ?
" Of course parents are going to rush out and want to get the tests done , " said Louise Gallagher , clinical senior lecturer in psychiatry at Trinity College Dublin .
But she warned that DNA microarrays – the technology needed to test for the autism gene variants – are not yet widely available in hospitals .
In any case , no one knows enough yet to be certain about the implications of having a certain set of genetic variations .
" However , in future as we know more about the role of CNVs in contributing to autism and how they influence the progress and course of the disorder over the lifetime of the individual , the more [ parents ] will be able to get clinical information about their child 's condition . "
Is there evidence for environmental factors ?
8.15 pm : Scherer adds : " If you look at studies published to date , the most convincing finding of an aetiologic role in autism comes up with genetics .
There 've been estimates from numerous studies around the world from the last 20 years that 70 - 95 % of autism has some genetic contribution ...
With the rare CNVs , we can account for upwards of 10 - 15 % of the genes involved now .
There might be others that we have not yet detected .
And certainly some of these genes may be influenced by environment .
As far as I 'm aware , through epidemiological studies , there 's no [ evidence of ] strong influence from these other [ environmental ] factors yet . "
8.08 pm : Geri Dawson of Autism Speaks , a charity that helped to fund the research , addressed the question of environmental factors in autism .
" We do believe that environmental factors play a role in autism , " she said .
" We do n't yet understand the role of these factors so currently scientists are exploring a wide range of these factors to understand how they might interact with underlying genetic susceptibility . "
For anyone worried about the effect of vaccines , she said there " really is no strong evidence that vaccines play a role in the aetiology of autism .
This study really points out the strong influence of genetics .
At the same time , research is continuing to explore a wide range of environmental factors that may then interact with genetic susceptibility .
Currently there is no evidence that vaccines are one of those aetiological factors . "
• Back to contents list
Genes involved in brain function
7.33 pm : Stephen Scherer of the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto , Canada , said the study starts to tie together the genes they have identified with biological pathways and networks .
" They seem to be involved in how the brain functions , " he said .
" Knowing these autism genes are linked , we can begin to develop rationally derived therapies to target the common pathways involved for the very first time . "
For example , some of the genes implicated in the latest research are known to be involved in both neural cell development and signalling pathways .
• Back to contents list
Story summary
In the largest study ever to look at the genetics of autism , scientists have identified rare genetic variations that were 20 % more frequent in children with autism than in children without the disorder .
These so - called " copy number variations " ( CNV ) , which can be missing chunks or extra copies of DNA in and around the genes , occur in fewer than one in 100 people in the general population .
In the study , scientists compared the incidence of these rare CNVs in 996 people with autism spectrum disorders and in 1,287 unaffected people , all with European ancestry .
The results , published today in Nature , showed that some of the CNVs were inherited while others were found in children but not in their parents .
Read the Nature research in full .
To submit suggestions for updates to this story tracker , please email guardianscience@gmail.com putting " Autism story tracker " in the subject line .
Here are some sources of further information for parents about autism on theguardian.com
Your autism questions answered – a handy resource for parents
Summary
What is it ?
What are the symptoms ?
How common is it ?
What will happen to my child ?
How do doctors diagnose it ?
Questions to ask
What treatments work ?
Autism spectrum disorder
Medical causes of autism
MMR vaccine and autism
Recent Guardian news stories related to autism
Andrew Wakefield struck off register by General Medical Council
Lancet retracts ' utterly false ' MMR paper
Autism just as common in adults , so MMR jab is off the hook
Scientists find genetic clues to how autism can develop
Autistic traits linked to high levels of testosterone in the womb
For a complete list of Guardian articles on autism go to http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/autism
Back to the basics cooking without ready made conveniences .
Cooking from scratch .
Discuss kitchen topics and food .
ATTENTION : Tried recipes that did n't fail are to be posted in the FV cookbook forum .
If it 's a recipe that simply looks good and you have n't tried it , it can be posted here .
Ann Coulter appears on CNBC and announces that Judaism should " just be thrown away " because Jews are " imperfect Christians . "
DEUTSCH : That is n't what I said , but you said I should not -- we should just throw Judaism away and we should all be Christians , then , or -- COULTER : Yeah .
DEUTSCH : Really ?
COULTER : Well , it 's a lot easier .
It 's kind of a fast track .
DEUTSCH : Really ?
COULTER : Yeah .
You have to obey .
DEUTSCH : You can't possibly believe that .
COULTER : Yes .
DEUTSCH : You can't possibly -- you 're too educated , you can't -- you 're like my friend in -- COULTER :
Do you know what Christianity is ?
We believe your religion , but you have to obey .
DEUTSCH : No , no , no , but I mean -- COULTER :
We have the fast - track program .
Coulter justified her remarks with this :
Coulter responded : " No . I 'm sorry .
It is not intended to be .
I do n't think you should take it that way , but that is what Christians consider themselves : perfected Jews .
We believe the Old Testament .
As you know from the Old Testament , God was constantly getting fed up with humans for not being able to live up to all the laws .
What Christians believe -- this is just a statement of what the New Testament is -- is that that 's why Christ came and died for our sins .
Christians believe the Old Testament .
You do n't believe our testament . "
Coulter later said : " We consider ourselves perfected Christians .
For me to say that for you to become a Christian is to become a perfected Christian is not offensive at all . "
Dateline : June , 2010
Today , Ann Coulter is still busy writing columns like her most recent where she mocks Malia Obama while making some really convoluted parallel to Monica Lewinsky 's blue dress .
She 's featured at CPAC , and she 's still listed on the top 20 " Conservative Hotties " list .
She has the same content distributor , her agent has n't abandoned her , and she enjoys the " respect " ( I use the term loosely ) of the conservative community .
When you 're a conservative and suggest an entire religion should surrender itself to another , it 's not considered anti-Semitic .
I understand Coulter 's theology here , but nowhere in that theology is there a suggestion that Judaism should just " go away . "
On the other hand , we have Helen Thomas making equally ill - advised and hurtful remarks about Jews leaving Israel .
Within a few days , she 's forced into retirement , abandoned by her agent and writing partner , villified by the DC Press glitterati , slammed by the White House , and drummed out of a career she 's had for 57 years .
Political correctness , thy name is hypocrisy .
EVEN preschool teachers unwind with a round of drinks now and then .
But in professional kitchens , where the hours are long , the pace intense and the goal is to deliver pleasure , the need to blow off steam has long involved substances that are mind - altering and , often enough , illegal .
“ Everybody smokes dope after work , ” said Anthony Bourdain , the author and chef who made his name chronicling drugs and debauchery in professional kitchens .
“ People you would never imagine . ”
So while it should not come as a surprise that some chefs get high , it ’s less often noted that drug use in the kitchen can change the experience in the dining room .
In the 1980s , cocaine helped fuel the frenetic open kitchens and boisterous dining rooms that were the incubators of celebrity chef culture .
Today , a small but influential band of cooks says both their chin-dripping , carbohydrate - heavy food and the accessible , feel - good mood in their dining rooms are influenced by the kind of herb that can get people arrested .
" There will be oil off the coast of Miami shortly , if it 's not already there .
It 's happening , " says Dr. Robert H. Weisberg , director of the University of South Florida Ocean Circulation Group in the school 's College of Marine Science .
And Weisberg says he has the forecasts to prove it -- four of them to be exact .
The latest updates to those forecast has oil from the Gulf spill showing up in the Gulf Stream off the coast of Miami today .
Check out forecast video after jump .
Black spots are oil .
It 's no surprise then that Weisberg says he has already received reports of oil from the Gulf spill off the coast of Fort Lauderdale .
" And if it 's off the coast of Fort Lauderdale then it means it has already been by Miami . "
Weisberg understands why some government and tourism officials are hesitant to play up the threat of oil on South Florida beaches .
But that does n't make it any less serious , he cautions .
The way Weisberg explains and eddy has formed in the massive loop of oil still growing in the Gulf .
" If the loop reattaches with the eddy then it could mean a lot of oil for Miami .
That is the reality , " he says .
" It all depends on whether the loop current reattaches and those things we can't really predict . "
He says that the fact that more oil has n't been spotted off the coast of Miami , considering it unique position so close to the Gulf Stream , has been pure good fortune .
" So far Miami has lucked out big time . "
Everyday he says they reinitialize the forecast with the latest information from Navy satellites and other government agencies as well as surface drifters deployed by USF itself .
" It 's the best rendition you can get . "
“ THE longer you look at it , the worse it smells . ”
That is how Mitch Daniels , the governor of Indiana , recently described America 's new health - reform law to an audience in Washington , DC .
His opinion matters , and not just because he is a likely Republican contender for the presidential race in 2012 .
His words threw petrol on a bonfire , since a growing chorus of conservatives is now clamouring for the outright repeal of Obamacare .
Of course , Republican leaders in Congress have long detested the new law .
Since its passage in March various bills — including a new one this month from Utah 's Senator Orrin Hatch , the American Liberty Restoration Act — have been introduced in both chambers with the aim of overturning the legislation .
More than 20 states have also joined lawsuits that challenge the law's “ individual mandate ” , the requirement that everyone should buy health insurance , as unconstitutional .
Grass - roots opposition to health reform has been strong too .
The tea-party movement has been pushing conservative candidates to sign up to its goal of repealing the president 's bill .
Heritage Action For America , a lobbying group allied with the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think - tank , wants to foment similar unrest at the “ grass tops ” level of politics .
Now , however , there are two new prongs to the attack , broadening the assault beyond the right .
Many states are complaining about the costs of the new law 's provisions .
And businesses are grousing that the administration is breaking its promises that existing employer - provided health coverage would be exempted from the onerous requirements being imposed on new health plans .
The gathering backlash
Confronted by severe budget crunches because of the recession , many governors are complaining that they cannot afford to meet current obligations to fund Medicaid , the state / federal health scheme for the poor — never mind the increased contributions that will come in under the law after 2014 .
Mr Daniels , for example , claims that the new legislation will increase his state 's health spending by as much as $ 3.6 billion by 2020 , a lot for a state whose entire budget is only $ 13 billion a year .
Other Republican governors are making similar claims .
If true , this would be fiscal insanity .
A recent study by the Urban Institute , an independent think - tank that closely tracks state spending on Medicaid , reckons that this number might be too high .
The biggest component of that big increase in his budget , according to Mr Daniels , will be the expansion of Medicaid required by the new law .
He reckons this will cost Indiana $ 972 m - $ 1.3 billion in this decade .
But John Holahan of the Urban Institute reckons it is more likely to cost the state “ only ” $ 478 m -$ 899 m .
And at the same time an astounding $ 8.5 billion - $ 10.1 billion in federal funding will be available for providing health care for the state 's poor : so surely , on any non-partisan reckoning , this is an investment worth making by a state .
Slightly dodgy numbers can still fuel a deadly backlash , though , as the second political fuss , over “ grandfathering ” , attests .
Time and again as he battled for his bill , Mr Obama promised voters that “ If you like your plan , you can keep it . ”
His words were meant to reassure people who worried that his reforms would scupper the coverage they got through employers .
The Obama administration recently reaffirmed this pledge ; but it warned that the grandfathering protection accorded to existing plans will no longer apply if companies switch insurance providers or significantly change the terms or the cost of coverage .
That has provided Republicans with an opening : they claim that Mr Obama intends to gut private health coverage by closing down the supposedly grandfathered schemes on technicalities .
Then , rather than sign up for intrusively regulated insurance schemes , firms will prefer to pay a fine and leave their employees to buy insurance from new state - run insurance exchanges that are to be set up under the bill 's provisions .
But it may not be quite fair to blame the administration .
Companies are constantly switching providers , increasing “ co- payments ” , reducing benefits and so on in an effort to cope with health - cost inflation ( which PricewaterhouseCoopers estimates will be a striking 9 % next year ) .
Independent of the new law , companies were anyway going to abandon many of those grandfathered plans to take up less generous ones .
And there is little evidence of flight from employer - provided insurance in Massachusetts , which has already implemented reforms which are broadly similar to the national effort .
Having been caught on the back foot at first , it now appears that the White House is ready for a counter - attack .
Officials now regularly berate insurers , a sure - fire way to win populist points .
On June 22nd , the three - month anniversary of the reform 's passage , a defiant Mr Obama held a ceremony at which he declared : “ We 're not going back . ”
It is rumoured that allies of the president are planning a $ 125 m public - relations blitz in support of the reform .
The charm offensive may not be enough to quell the backlash .
Health reform still does not command much popular support — mostly because its costs are front - loaded , while most of the benefits will not come for years .
Even some Democrats ( such as the fiscally conservative Blue Dog coalition of congressmen ) see Obamacare as a millstone around their necks .
So might the backlash lead to outright repeal ?
On balance , that seems highly unlikely .
Even if Republicans were to regain both the House of Representatives and the Senate this November , nobody thinks they will come close to holding enough seats to override a presidential veto .
The more likely outcome is that Republicans will bludgeon Democrats with the issue during this autumn 's campaigns , then noisily demand revisions to the most contentious aspects of the health - reform law if they reclaim one or both chambers of Congress .
The fight goes on .
A rapidly increasing number of American families are finding it really , really hard to make ends meet each month .
The price of food , gas , health insurance and other basic necessities has continued to escalate , but wages have not followed suit .
So more Americans are finding themselves squeezed financially at the end of every month .
Instead of having extra money with which to enjoy the American Dream , millions of families are now experiencing the American Nightmare of working too hard but never having quite enough .
But what can be done ?
Certainly we can all cut back on unnecessary expenditures , but there are some expenses that just cannot be eliminated entirely .
We all have to eat , we all have to drive to work and we all have to pay the rent .
In fact , it is very hard to imagine any American family making it on less than $ 50,000 a year .
Of course millions of American families are making it on far less than that , but it is n’t easy .
The truth is that $ 50,000 does n’t go nearly as far as it used to .
To demonstrate this , let ’s do a little exercise .
Let ’s set up a monthly budget for an average American family of four .
Both parents work either in or near a big U.S. city , so they both need cars .
In our scenario the children do not go to private school , they do n’t have their own cars and they do n’t have cell phones .
We will give them $ 4000 to make it through the month ( $ 50,000 a year comes out to about $ 4000 a month ) and we wo n’t factor in expenses that do n’t happen every single month such as automobile repairs , appliance replacements , property taxes , registration and license renewals , etc .
We are also going to assume that our family does not have any credit cards .
So can our “ average American family ” make it on $ 4000 a month ?
Let ’s break it down ….
Rent Or Mortgage : $ 1000
In rural areas this expense could be quite a bit less , but in our scenario the family lives in or near a big U.S. city ( where most of the jobs are ) and so $ 1000 a month is a very conservative number for rent or for a mortgage payment .
In fact , in most of the largest U.S. cities this number is completely unrealistic , but let us assume that they can find a little house to squeeze into for $ 1000 a month .
Power , Water And Garbage Collection : $ 300
Our family can certainly turn down the heat and not run the air conditioning , but utility expenses are still going to be there .
$ 300 a month is a fairly conservative number for a small house – especially if the house is located in a colder climate .
Phone , Internet And Television : $ 100
Some families have cell phone bills that run into the hundreds of dollars each month .
But not our family .
For our purposes , we will assume that our family has basic phone service , basic Internet service and basic television service totalling approximately $ 100 a month .
Student Loan Payments : $ 200
The vast majority of people graduating from college these days have student loan debt .
We ’ll assume that our family only has to make a very modest student loan payment each month .
Car Payments : $ 400
Both parents work , so they both need a car to get to work .
We ’ll assume that they both purchased used cars to save money and so the monthly payments on both vehicles are not too bad .
Auto Insurance : $ 100
They ca n’t drive the vehicles without auto insurance , and so we will assume that they both have good driving records and that the insurance premiums are fairly reasonable .
If either of their two children drive this expense will be much , much higher .
Health Insurance : $ 400
Let ’s assume that our family of four is generally in good health and is living in a state where health insurance premiums are not wildly out of control .
$ 400 a month seems about right .
Food And Toiletries : $ 800
This breaks down to $ 50 for food and toiletries per person every week .
That is actually not a lot when you think about it .
But we ’ll assume that our family is fairly economical and looks for ways to cut grocery costs .
Gas : $ 200
With gas hovering around $ 3.00 a gallon , assuming that our family will only spend about 50 bucks a week on gas may be a bit of a stretch .
But let ’s give them the benefit of the doubt .
So , after adding up all of the expenses , our hypothetical family has spent $ 3500 of the $ 4000 they have earned for the month .
That is before they have spent anything on clothes , entertainment , charitable giving or anything else .
But wait , our family has not paid any taxes yet .
Federal and state taxes will take at least $ 1000 out of the $ 4000 that they earn each month .
So that would only leave them with $ 3000 to make it through the month .
Oops !
It looks like they did n’t make ends meet after all .
So what do you think of this budget ?
Are the assumptions reasonable ?
Is it possible for an average American family of four to make it on $ 50,000 a year ?
Please feel free to leave a comment with your opinion ….
SSD Roundup , Part 1 : Getting Ready For SATA 6Gb/s
In this first segment , we ’ll be looking at SSD offerings from Crucial , Intel , OCZ , Solidata , and Toshiba using our upgraded storage test system .
Instead of Intel ’s onboard SATA 3Gb/s controller , we decided to switch to a Highpoint Rocket 62 x , based on Marvell 's twin - port SATA 6 Gb/s controller .
The adapter connects via x1 PCI Express 2.0 and offers up to 600 MB/s bandwidth for next - generation storage devices .
We made no other major modifications to our storage test system , since the hardware is still quite current .
We stuck with our Supermicro X8SAX motherboard , based on Intel ’s X58 chipset and LGA 1366 interface .
We only equipped the system with three Corsair 1GB DDR3 - 1333 DIMMs , given that more memory wo n't aid in storage testing .
The system runs a 2.66 GHz , quad - core Core i7-920 .
We did make a couple other minor configuration changes .
Windows Vista is being replaced by Windows 7 Ultimate to introduce TRIM support , and we installed an additional Highpoint SATA 6Gb/s controller .
The latter uses a Marvell 88SE9128 chip and works at a gross throughput of 600 MB/s instead of the onboard controller ’s 300 MB/s .
So far , Crucial 's RealSSD C300 is the only SSD that supports SATA 6 Gb/s , but others are sure to follow soon .
You ’ll find test results on this Crucial SSD in the next part of this article .
The Candidates
We took our previously - reviewed Intel X25 - M G2 and pitted it against Crucial ’s M225 , the OCZ Vertex , and Solidata ’s K5 .
All of them are based on Indilinx ’s Barefoot controller .
We also included Toshiba 's latest SSD , the HG2 .
Immigration officials are reviewing whether a 19 - year - old man deported last week from South Texas is actually a U.S. citizen born in Houston .
Luis Alberto Delgado said he and his older brother were stopped last Thursday by a Jim Wells County Sheriff captain , who called the U.S. Border Patrol .
Despite carrying a birth certificate showing he was born at Houston 's Ben Taub Hospital , a state of Texas ID card and a Social Security card , Delgado said he was taken into Border Patrol custody , questioned for eight hours and pressured into signing paperwork that cleared the way for his removal to Mexico .
Delgado , who returned to Houston three years ago after spending much of his childhood in Mexico , said immigration officials were suspicious because he spoke very little English .
He said they kept saying , " No , these papers are n't yours . "
" What they did to me was discrimination , " Delgado said in a telephone interview from Reynosa .
" I do n't understand why they did this . "
" I am an American citizen , " he said .
A U.S. Border Patrol spokesman said that officials do not comment on individual cases .
A spokesman for the Texas Department of State Health Services , Chris Van Deusen , confirmed that the state has a birth certificate on file matching the information on one provided to authorities by Delgado .
The Houston Chronicle reviewed a certified copy of the birth certificate .
U.S. immigration officials have faced scrutiny in recent years over allegations that they have deported U.S. citizens , including a high - profile case of a mentally disabled Los Angeles man who was lost for months in Mexico in 2007 .
Rep. Zoe Lofgren , D - Calif. , said some cases in the past have been " appalling , " but she was encouraged that Immigration and Customs Enforcement Assistant Secretary John Morton has taken steps to help revise guidelines to prevent such situations .
Isaias Torres , a Houston immigration attorney who took Delgado 's case pro bono , said he contacted immigration officials Monday and said they initially were responsive to concerns that Delgado is a citizen but have not taken steps to return him to the U.S .
" I hope they will move on this quickly , " he said .
" We want him back here . "
Stopped by a sheriff
Delgado and his brother , Eduardo Luis Pompa , dropped their niece off in Falfurrias last Thursday afternoon and were about 5 miles outside of Alice when they were stopped by a county sheriff .
Capt .
Joe R. Martinez said he pulled Pompa over because the passenger , Delgado , was not wearing a seat belt .
Martinez said he asked Pompa for a driver 's license , but he did not have one .
He also did not speak English , Martinez said .
Martinez said he asked the Border Patrol for help to identify the brothers .
Martinez said he booked Pompa into the county jail for driving without a license , and the Border Patrol took Delgado into immigration custody .
Martinez said Pompa was released from jail after posting bail after jailers were told by federal officials that he is a U.S. citizen .
In the meantime , Delgado was at a South Texas Border Patrol station being questioned by immigration agents about his papers .
He said he was detained from 4 p.m. to midnight and pressured to sign paperwork that resulted in his being sent to Matamoros .
" The official that was holding me told me I had to sign them … or I would have to stay there , " Delgado said .
" I thought if I signed them , they 'd let me go free , and I could return to Houston , " he said .
Stranded in Reynosa
Delgado said he never was expressly told by the agent that he would be released from custody in the U.S. if he signed the papers , but he believed that to be true .
Torres said Delgado 's case may have been complicated for the Border Patrol because Delgado 's family used a fake Mexican birth certificate to enroll him in school in Mexico .
He said school officials in Mexico historically give parents of U.S. children a hard time enrolling them in school without a Mexican birth certificate and look the other way if it 's fraudulent .
Still , Torres questioned why Delgado was allowed to pass through the port of entry in Laredo three years ago without incident and why immigration officials did n't take more time to verify all of his documents .
He said Delgado simply did n't know any better than to sign the immigration paperwork last week , Torres said .
" He 's just a teenager , " Torres said .
When Delgado tried to come back to the U.S. through the port of entry , he said he was told he could face up to 20 years in prison for entering the country after being deported .
Now , Delgado said , he is stranded in Reynosa , trying to understand how he ended up barred from the U.S .
susan.carroll@chron.com
443 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
Adam posted this using our Quick Hits feature the other day :
This is one of the most disgusting videos I ’ve ever seen .
Two Missouri Police officers are attempting to capture a dog that is leashed to a truck .
The dog lays down at one point in the video and throughout is anything but vicious .
As soon as one of the officers gets the dog on the pole it takes off , presumably , scared .
Words cannot explain what happens next , start video at 4:40 mark .
These officers should n’t be allow to serve the community if they ca n’t get a dog under control without using force .
What is it with Missouri police shooting dogs ?
Is there some sort of dog phobia in Missouri I do n’t know about ?
If I lived there I ’d be keeping my dog as far away from police as possible .
They ’re fucking monsters .
I figured I would re-post it to the main feed because I located the contact information for the police department these cops work for .
If this video disgusts you as much as it did me , give the Lagrange police a call at 573-655-4611 and let them know about your feelings .
You could also try calling City Hall or signing this petition which a Cop Block supporter linked us to .
The police chief is –surprise , surprise –defending the actions of these officers , claiming that they “ they did what they had to do , ” but he should know better .
Let ’s make sure they do n’t get off the hook for this senseless act of violence .
Goldman Sachs has hired President Barack Obama ’s former White House counsel , Gregory Craig , according to a Politico report .
Craig , presently in private practice at Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom , reportedly is slated to help the troubled firm through some rough waters .
“ He is clearly an attorney of eminence and has a deep understanding of the legal process and the world of Washington , ” a source said .
“ And those are important worlds for everybody in finance right now .
” The SEC charged the firm with securities fraud in a subprime mortgage deal that took place before the collapse of the housing market .
Goldman Sachs CEO
Lloyd Blankfein will shortly face questions from the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , which is looking into the causes of the housing crisis .
To read the full Poltico.com report Go Here Now
Hoping to understand what a new generation of mobile malware could resemble , security researchers will demonstrate a malicious " rootkit " program they 've written for Google 's Android phone next month at the Defcon hacking conference in Las Vegas .
Once it 's installed on the Android phone , the rootkit can be activated via a phone call or SMS ( short message service ) message , giving attackers a stealthy and hard - to - detect tool for siphoning data from the phone or misdirecting the user .
" You call the phone , the phone does n't ring , and when the phone realizes that it 's being called by an attacker 's phone number , it sends him back a shell [ program ] , " said Christian Papathanasiou , a security consultant with Chicago 's Trustwave , the company that did the research .
Rootkits are stealthy programs designed to cover up their tracks on the operating system in order to evade detection .
They have been around on Windows and Unix for years , but lately security researchers have been experimenting with them on mobile platforms .
The hard part of writing an Android rootkit is figuring out how to take advantage of new mobile features while making sure the software runs smoothly on the new platform , Papathanasiou said .
Because the rootkit runs as a module in Android 's Linux kernel , it has the highest level of access to the Android phone and can be a very powerful tool for attackers .
For example , it could be used to reroute a victim 's 911 calls to a bogus number .
The rootkit could also track a victim 's location or even reroute his browser to a malicious Web site .
" Because we interface with the kernel , the opportunities to abuse this are limitless , " Papathanasiou said .
On its own , Trustwave 's rootkit is n't much of a threat to Android users .
That 's because a criminal would first need to figure out how to install the software on a victim 's phone .
This could be done by building the rootkit into a rogue application sold via the Android Market , or by exploiting a new , unpatched bug in Android 's Linux kernel that could allow the program to be installed .
Those are pretty big barriers , however .
Google , like other mobile operating system makers , has spent a lot of effort making it hard to get root - level access to the kernel in the first place .
" Once someone gets root , the game is essentially up , " said Rich Cannings , Android 's security leader .
" So what we do is prevent people from getting full control of the kernel . "
Android has a variety of ways of doing this .
It uses application " sandboxing " to prevent one compromised program from gaining access to other parts of the system .
It uses other tricks to prevent any undiscovered bugs in the way Android manages its memory from giving hackers a foothold in the system .
If the rootkit spreads via the Android Market , Google can get in touch with victims and help them fix the problem .
Security geeks will want to know how the Trustwave team managed to get its rootkit running on Android , but the software wo n't have much effect on mobile users -- at least for several years -- said Robert Graham , CEO of Errata Security , in Atlanta .
Today 's mobile phones usually do n't ship with good malware detection tools , so developing a rootkit program would be excessive for a typical cybercriminal , he said .
One of the main features of a rootkit is that it 's very hard to detect , but if the phone is n't looking for malware anyhow , " why not just have your normal malware run on Android ? "
Graham said .
Malicious software does pop up on mobile devices every now and then , but the vast majority is written for the Windows desktop operating system .
Still , Google 's Cannings was careful not to disparage the Trustwave talk .
" It 's interesting from a theoretical sense that they ported a Linux rootkit to Android , " he said .
" I think that it helps show that these mobile operating systems are extremely powerful .
They 're just as powerful as your desktop computer . "
Wimbledon Championships
Venue : All England Club , London Date : 21 June - 4 July
Coverage : Live on BBC One and Two , HD , Red Button , BBC Sport website ( UK only ) , Radio 5 live , 5 live sports extra ; live text commentary online and on mobile phones ; watch again on BBC iPlayer Full details of BBC coverage By David Ornstein
BBC Sport at Wimbledon
Six - time champion Roger Federer saw his defence of the Wimbledon title come to a shock end as he was stunned in four sets by Czech 12th seed Tomas Berdych .
The Swiss top seed was beaten 6 - 4 3 - 6 6 - 1 6 - 4 to give 24 - year - old Berdych the biggest victory of his career .
Federer had not lost before the final at SW19 since 2002 and was bidding to win a record - equalling seventh title .
But Berdych gave a performance of the very highest order to set up a semi-final meeting with Novak Djokovic .
" It 's really tough to explain how I 'm feeling , it 's unbelievable , " Berdych told BBC Sport after leaving Centre Court to a standing ovation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" To play on this stadium against a player as great as Roger and to be standing here as the winner is amazing .
This was the toughest match of my career to close out , it 's a big step forward and I 'm so happy .
" Right now it 's really tough to think about my next match - I just want a few minutes and hours to enjoy this .
Then I have to get ready and prepare for my next opponent . "
Berdych becomes the first Czech man to reach the last four of Wimbledon since Ivan Lendl in 1990 and he fully deserves to be there following this historic triumph .
Having beaten Andy Murray en route to his first Grand Slam semi-final at this year 's French Open and now overcome arguably the greatest tennis player of all time , the 6ft 5ins right - hander is building quite some reputation .
The result will see Federer drop to number three in the world rankings for the first time since November 2003 and he must now regroup ahead of the US Open .
" I 'm definitely struggling at the moment , " said the 29 - year - old current world number two , who also fell in the quarter - finals at the French Open .
" I 'm looking forward to a rest and then I 'll attack again in North America .
" Reaching the quarter - finals is a decent result .
Obviously some people think it 's shocking , but many players would die to play a Grand Slam quarter - final .
" I do n't think I played poorly but he went after it .
I was not able to defend well enough and he played well when he had to - it was brutal for me .
Every time he had a chance , he took it . "
Federer went on to reveal that he was suffering from back and thigh problems picked up while contesting the pre-Wimbledon grass - court event in Halle , Germany .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I 'm unhappy with the way I 'm playing , I could n't play the way I wanted to , " added the Swiss , who needed five sets to overcome Alejandro Fall in the first round and four to oust Ilija Bozoljac in the second .
" I 'm struggling with a little bit of a back and a leg issue .
They do n't allow me to play the way I would like to .
" The leg issue came in the final of Halle and returned a little bit after my first - round match here .
It went away again but just kept creeping back during the matches .
" For the last five or six days the back has been really bad .
It 's normal that the back tends to get stiff in the grass - court season but it 's just not nice when it does n't go away and you can't play freely .
That 's what I was missing today . "
Federer came into the match as the firm favourite but , from the moment he was taken to deuce in game one , it was clear the 16 - time Grand Slam champion was not going to have everything his own way .
Berdych combined much - improved movement with jaw - dropping forehands and lightning - quick deliveries to wow the Centre Court , and broke in game seven before serving out the opening set .
There would , however , be an immediate shift in momentum as Berdych tensed up in game two of the second set and allowed Federer to break to 15 with a fine crosscourt forehand pass .
Despite squandering two more break points in games six and eight , the Basel - born right - hander levelled the match and at that point Federer would have been expected by many to run away with it .
606 : DEBATE
As a Federer fan , I 'd like to say congratulations to Berdych on playing an excellent match today
blueskies1
But Berdych had other ideas , targeting Federer 's unusually brittle second serve to break in games two and six before serving out the 27 - minute third set .
Although Federer had won eight of his previous 10 meetings with Berdych , the Swiss was reduced to tears after losing their first encounter at the Athens Olympics and also succumbed in their most recent duel at April 's Miami Masters .
So he knew all about the world number 13's threat , yet seemed powerless to contain it .
Federer looked set to make the first move in a pulsating fourth set but Berdych dug deep to escape from 0 - 40 in game six and then forced the decisive break when Federer volleyed wide in game seven .
Berdych was soon serving for the match and the pressure appeared to have got the better of him as Federer saved a match point and brought up a break - back point .
But the Czech held his nerve to unleash his 51st and final winner and confirm the biggest upset of the 2010 Championships .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fixed a crash related to model caches .
Fixed a crash related to empty proxy files .
Fixed a rare crash involving corrupted voice - comm playback .
Fixed some issues with the community submitted tips .
Fixed a case where servers could get stuck in an infinite loop while spawning bots .
Made the training HUD code more robust , so it does n’t crash if the client has modified HUD resource files .
Fixed a potential crash in the HUD during startup .
Fixed a level change crash related to Bot navigation meshes .
Disabled quickswitch UI in training to reduce confusion .
The Demoman 's battleaxe now sounds like a sword .
The Eyelander now collects the heads inside Eyelanders of Demomen it decapitates .
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
Congress is known for having arcane battles , but the biggest fight these days in water law is over a single word — and Texas environmentalists and ranchers are anxiously awaiting the outcome .
At stake is the future of the Clean Water Act , a 1977 law designed to reduce pollution in America 's waterways .
The law , which was built on a 1972 law of a different name , refers to " the discharge of pollutants into the navigable waters " of the United States .
But what does " navigable " mean ?
The Supreme Court has weighed in on the question twice in the last 10 years , and while appearing to narrow the term 's definition , it has also left everybody confused .
Now Congress is considering whether to remove the word " navigable " altogether , leaving the phrase to read , simply , the " waters of the United States . "
The Senate passed a bill out of committee a year ago that would strike " navigable , " and a similar bill was introduced last month in the House .
Landowners and farmers hate the idea ; they describe it as government overreach , certain to lead to needless regulation and extra costs .
Environmentalists say the opposite : that many of the small , non -" navigable " streams that currently escape regulation are an essential part of the nation 's drinking supply and need oversight .
Texas has a particular stake in the outcome , says Luke Metzger , director of the advocacy group Environment Texas , because it has " some of the most polluted rivers in America . "
The Brazos , for example , is the 13th - most - polluted river in the country in terms of discharges of cancer - causing chemicals , according to a recent report by Metzger 's group .
The Clean Water
Act does cover big rivers like the Brazos , but many of the tiny streams that feed into it are left alone .
This was not always the case :
For the first few decades after Clean Water Act was enacted , many of those small streams were regulated .
But two Supreme Court rulings — Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook County v. United States Army Corps of Engineers , in 2001 , and Rapanos v. United States , in 2006 — have muddied the waters , so to speak .
The Clean Water
Act itself defines the term " navigable " as meaning " waters of the United States , including the territorial seas . "
But the Supreme Court rulings have suggested that the word " navigable " must be applied more narrowly .
Thus , environmentalists say , three crucial types of water bodies , as well as some wetlands , are vulnerable to pollution : intermittent streams ( which dry up in the summertime ) , ephemeral streams ( which run only run after a big storm ) and headwater streams .
Due to its hot climate , Texas also has plenty of streams that dry up in the summer and are therefore not " navigable . "
But they do provide drinking water to large numbers of Texans .
According to the Environmental Protection Agency , more than 11.5 million people in Texas get a portion of their water from intermittent , ephemeral or headwater streams .
Brewster County , along the Mexican border , for example , gets nearly all of its drinking water from such waterways ( see this county by county map of Texas ) .
By removing the word " navigable " and replacing it with " waters of the United States , " such streams would fall under the act 's pollution protections , environmentalists say .
Landowners , farmers and their allies in Congress think this is an awful idea and do not mince words .
U.S. Sen . Kay Bailey Hutchison has said the bill , if it passes , would constitute the " largest federal land grab in our nation 's history . "
She was writing in The Dallas Morning News last summer , shortly after the Senate version of the bill , called the Clean Water Restoration Act , passed out of the Environment and Public Works committee .
It still awaits action by the full Senate .
Ranchers fear that the drainage ditches and stock tanks will be subject to regulation if " navigable " is struck from the law .
" Ranchers would have to go get a permit from federal government before they could build any sort of livestock watering tank , " said Jason Skaggs , the executive director for government and public affairs at the Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association .
Kirby Brown , the vice president for public policy for the Texas Wildlife Association , which represents many private landowners , argues that striking the term navigable would " remove the basis of the law itself , which is the Interstate Commerce Clause . "
Brown emphasized that his group wants to see wetlands protected .
But he thinks there are other ways to achieve this , such as positive incentives that " provide ways for landowners to participate and be paid to protect riparian areas . "
He cited efforts by the Natural Resources Conservation Service , a federal body , and the Department of Agriculture .
The Clean Water act has done a fine job over the years , he said , and there is no need to change it .
Environmentalists say that the notion that the EPA will start regulating small puddles and stock tanks is off - base .
" EPA has no interest , let alone the resources , to start doing that .
So we think that 's a really absurd assertion , " Metztger said .
The idea , environmentalists say , is to bring the Clean Water Act back to where it was before the Supreme Court started tinkering in 2001 .
U.S. Rep. James Oberstar , D - Minnesota , who introduced the bill in the House last month , insists that there are sufficient protections for ranchers .
The bill would preserve existing exemptions for " farm or stock ponds or irrigation ditches , " as well as for " normal farming , silviculture and ranching activities , " he said in a letter aimed at reassuring the nation 's farmers .
Most farmers , including Skaggs , are not satisfied .
Doing away with " navigable , " Skaggs said , " brings every water body in the state of Texas under the jurisdiction of the federal government . "
The House bill is currently lodged in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , which Oberstar chairs .
U.S. Reps. Solomon Ortiz , D - Corpus Christi , Pete Olson , R - Sugar Land , and Eddie Bernice Johnson ( D - Dallas ) are the three Texans on what Piper Crowell , the clean water advocate for Environment America ( the national arm of Metzger 's organization ) , describes as a " tough " committee .
It is unusually large , with plenty of rural representation as well as vulnerable Democrats .
Nonetheless , Crowell said , " we know clean water is a very good vote for people to take . "
Near - Space
Balloon Projects
Project Eos
As part of The Bay School 's new immersive program , our " atmospheric science and engineering " students take a three - week course in which they refine their understanding of Earth 's atmosphere experimentally , designing and releasing balloon payloads to record data about different characteristics of the atmosphere .
Eos I took flight on June 7 , 2019 .
Project Rahu
Bay School faculty Craig Butz and David Friedlander - Holm spent Summer 2017 preparing a flock of four weather balloons that were launched into the path of the total solar eclipse over Madras , OR on August 21st .
Project Ikaros
Between 2010 and 2013 , students at The Bay School of San Francisco successfully launched and recovered four near - space balloon payloads , sailing into the stratosphere and returning atmostpheric data , photos , and video .
Ikaros I
Our first mission in May of 2010 proved that we could successfully launch and recover video and data from the upper atmosphere .
Ikaros II
Refining our first design , Ikaros II tested new components and a multi-package arrangement .
Ikaros III
With a new , lighter , more stable payload , including electronics we constructed ourselves , Ikaros III tweeted its way to 96,000 feet on April 11 , 2012 .
Ikaros IV
The flight of Ikaros IV , configured with better cameras , data - logging capability , and a bacteria collection device , was completed on April 11 , 2013 .
President Obama ’s nomination of Elena Kagan to the US Supreme Court represents a turning point in American religious history : If Kagan , who is Jewish , is confirmed , the high court will not have a single Protestant member .
More than half of all Americans are Protestant , while less than one - quarter are Catholic and just 1.7 percent are Jewish , according to the US Religious Landscape Survey by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life .
But , if Kagan is confirmed to the bench , the nation ’s highest court , dominated by Protestants for most of its history , will be made up of six Catholics and three Jews .
“ This whole project of a Protestant America is really going under , and it ’s going under quickly , ’’ said Stephen Prothero , a professor of religion at Boston University and author of “ God is Not One : The Eight Rival Religions that Run the World — and Why Their Differences Matter . ’’
Kagan ’s nomination , he said , “ is an important moment of saying , ‘ Look , we ’ve gone so far beyond the idea that this is a Protestant country that we can have a court with six Catholics and three Jews . ’’
Martin E. Marty , professor emeritus at the University of Chicago Divinity School , said that these days , the question of whether there should be a distinctly Protestant voice on the court would elicit “ a big yawn ’’ from most mainline Protestants .
“ I was in an Episcopal church in Chicago on Sunday , and there were a lot of movers and shakers there , but we did n’t sit around after and say , ‘ How can we get one of us on the Supreme Court ? ’ ’’ he said .
Evangelical Protestants have been slow to embrace or to feel welcomed by elite law schools like Harvard and Yale that have become a veritable requirement for Supreme Court nominees .
One reason for this , some scholars say , is an anti-intellectual strain within evangelicalism .
“ Evangelical Christianity has tended to be a populist religion that ’s strongly democratic , in urging people to read the Bible themselves , ’’ said Mark A. Noll , a history professor at the University of Notre Dame .
“ All these are traits that have positive sides , but not for intellectual preparation and education . ’’
But Noll and others say this is changing .
Like Catholics and Jews of the last century , evangelicals are increasingly realizing that they need intellectual credentials to acquire institutional power in America .
Influencing the high court is of special importance to evangelicals because of their opposition to abortion .
“ I think the Catholics had a 20 - year head start on the . . . evangelicals in getting more elite credentials , ’’ said Richard W. Garnett , a professor of law at the University of Notre Dame .
A half - century ago , Catholics and Jews were the outsiders in the top echelons of the legal and political worlds .
But barriers to their advancement have now largely disintegrated , as both groups have made significant strides in educational and professional achievement .
“ Education itself became important , with a kind of edge that was not present for most Protestant groups , ’’ Noll said .
Republican presidents , seeking Supreme Court nominees with strong educational credentials who oppose abortion rights , have in recent years turned repeatedly to Catholics .
“ It ’s not that every Catholic justice is prolife , obviously , ’’ Garnett said .
“ But if you were looking for a qualified candidate with elite credentials who was prolife in the ’ 80s , ’90s , and early 2000s , you were likely to find a lot of Catholics . ’’
Evangelicals sometimes view Catholics as their ideological soul mates , so President George W. Bush could please his political base by nominating Samuel Alito after his first choice , evangelical Harriet Miers , withdrew from consideration over criticism that she was ill prepared .
“ There was a time that being fearful of Catholics was at the heart of Protestant culture ; that ’s certainly changed , ’’ said David Harrington Watt , a history professor at Temple University .
Democratic presidents , seeking Supreme Court nominees who are reliably liberal , have several times nominated Jewish justices .
President Clinton appointed both of the court ’s current Jewish justices , Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
Some scholars lament the lack of religious diversity on the court .
“ We think through ethics and law in our lives , whether we are Supreme Court justices or not , in light of our backgrounds and religious commitments , ’’ Prothero said .
“ And I think it ’s a pity to have only two religious traditions represented on the court . ’’
Lisa Wangsness can be reached at lwangsness@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
The Flemish separatist N - VA party which wants to divide Belgium was on course last night to win the most seats in parliamentary elections .
Such a result could also complicate attempts to form a coalition that can bring the budget under control in a country plagued by rising national debt .
With 86 % of the votes counted by late last night , the interior ministry predicted the New Flemish Alliance , which wants to gradually split the country between Dutch - speaking Flanders and French - speaking Wallonia , would win 28 of the 150 seats in the lower house of parliament , compared with just eight now .
That would narrowly push the mainly French - speaking Socialists into second place .
Heavy losses were expected for the Christian Democrats and the Liberals .
" The N - VA has won the election today , " the party 's leader , Bart De Wever , told jubilant supporters .
" We stand before you with a party that has some 30 % [ of the Flemish vote ] . "
He urged francophones to " make [ a country ] that works " .
" If we do n't , we slide backward , " De Wever said .
N - VA supporters last night flew the yellow and black Flanders flag and sang the Flemish anthem during post-election celebrations .
Prime minister Yves Leterme 's outgoing coalition is made up of Christian Democrats , Liberals and Socialists all split into Dutch - and French - speaking factions .
His government collapsed in April over a long - standing row about voting rights for French speakers around Brussels .
As a result , the election was brought forward by a year .
Socialist leader Elio Di Rupo is widely tipped to be the new prime minister .
" Many Flemish people want the country 's institutions reformed , " he said .
" We need to listen to that . "
Even if the N - VA does win the most votes , it wo n't immediately be able to devolve powers to the regions .
Drawn - out coalition talks could make Belgium vulnerable on the financial markets , where analysts are closely watching a debt crisis among the 16 countries that use the euro .
The country 's debt - to - GDP ratio is Europe 's third highest .
It is set to rise beyond 100 % this year or next , behind Greece and Italy .
Leterme won the 2007 election – then took nine months to form his five - party government .
• This article was amended on 14 and 24 June 2010 , to clarify that the anthem sung by celebrating N - VA supporters was the Flemish anthem rather than the Belgian anthem .
The original also said the government collapsed in April over a long - standing row about voting rights for Dutch speakers around Brussels .
This has now been corrected
The Institute on Assets and Social Policy published a report on Monday based on economic data from the same 2000 families from 1984 to 2007 ( hat tip Michael Powell ) .
Its sobering results likely understates the case , since it does not include the post financial crisis period .
The study found that the median wealth gap between white families and black families rose from $ 20,000 in 1984 to $ 95,000 in 2007 .
Note that home equity was excluded from the calculation .
Essentially , this underlying trend was that of the rich getting richer :
It is striking that even high income blacks have not been able to translate their earnings into greater wealth accumulation .
One has to imagine that at least some of the gap comes from the greater representation of whites in the top 1 % of the population , which has seen a great leap in its share of total wealth over the last 20 years .
The authors argue that tax policies that favored the well off and credit discrimination each played a role :
The racial wealth gap results from historical and contemporary factors but the disturbing four - fold increase in such a short time reflects public policies , such as tax cuts on investment income and inheritances which benefit the wealthiest , and redistribute wealth and opportunities .
Tax deductions for home mortgages , retirement accounts , and college savings all disproportionately benefit higher income families .
At the same time , evidence from multiple sources demonstrates the powerful role of persistent discrimination in housing , credit , and labor markets .
For example , African - Americans and Hispanics were at least twice as likely to receive high - cost home mortgages as whites with similar incomes .
These reckless high - cost loans unnecessarily impeded wealth building in minority communities and triggered the foreclosure crisis that is wiping out the largest source of wealth for minorities .
Yves here .
This report is a stark illustration that policies that favor capital over labor will , not surprisingly , widen the wealth gap .
Montreal , Quebec - June 1 , 2010 - Middle - aged Canadians are much less worried about the future than their American counterparts , some of whom are close to panic , says an Alberta researcher who has just finished a survey in both countries .
And she says the differing attitudes today may foreshadow growing differences between the two countries as that cohort move into old age .
Susan McDaniel , a sociology researcher and demographics expert , has been working on a comparative study of Canadians and Americans in late middle age , between the ages of 50 and 64 .
She presents some of the findings at the 2010 Congress for the Humanities and Social Sciences taking place at Montreal 's Concordia University .
McDaniel says that by coincidence , researchers started doing interviews when the recession hit in 2008 .
Those interviews highlighted huge differences in the attitudes and expectations of Canadians and Americans in the same age group .
" The Americans were generally close to a panicked state , " says McDaniel , explaining that the bursting of the housing bubble and the decline of the stock market had the entire cohort worried that their plans for retirement were shot .
Health care was another major concern , particularly for people who feared they might lose health insurance if they lost their job .
" Essentially , they were saying ' I 'm feeling I 've lost control , I can't plan ' , " she says , adding that researchers were surprised because that attitude runs counter to the image of Americans as being independent people responsible for their lives and their future .
Canadians , on the other hand , were worried - but not panicked .
And overall , they continued to feel they had some control over their lives .
The 50 - to - 64 - year - old age group is a sandwich generation , often caring for elderly parents on the one hand , and still responsible for their children on the other .
In the meantime , they are trying to save for retirement , which for many is now on the horizon .
One thing the study found was that more middle - aged Americans than Canadians are living in multi-generational households .
McDaniel says the study was not able to identify why ; however she wondered whether it was an effect of the housing bubble , as children who have lost a house moved back in with their parents .
The study also showed how the recession disrupted expectations for old age - and how there 's a big difference in expectations between Canada and the U.S .
Americans , says McDaniel , often reported that their expectations for retirement had been shattered .
Canadians , however , felt that while some things might be more difficult , socialized medicine would keep them from going bankrupt .
McDaniel says that as this cohort moves into old age , differences and expectations will play out .
If the differences in the 50 - to - 64 - year - old age group continue as the cohort ages , she says the experience of old age could end up being very different in Canada than in the U.S .
Most people looking at old age today , she adds , base their views on the experiences of people who are old now - people who came of age when jobs were plentiful , housing cheap and diversity rare .
" To build our thinking on the basis of what 's going on with these people today is wrong , " she says .
###
Get more from the Congress of the Humanities and Social Sciences
Organised by the Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences , the annual Congress of the Humanities and Social Sciences brings together about 9,000 researchers , scholars , graduate students , practitioners , and policy makers to share groundbreaking research and examine the most important social and cultural issues of the day .
Montréal 's Concordia University is the host of Congress 2010 , May 28 to June 4 .
The Congress program includes original research from across disciplines in the Humanities and Social Sciences , providing a great collection of expert sources and innovative story leads .
Contact the Congress Media room for assistance connecting with researchers at Congress .
Ryan Saxby Hill
Media Relations
Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences
media@fedcan.ca
613-894-7635 ( mobile )
514-848-2424 ext. 5023 ( media room )
Carolina Hurricanes goalie Manny Legace has faced a fair share of adversity in his career .
After being drafted by the Hartford Whalers in the eighth round of the 1993 Entry Draft , the franchise apparently gave up on him and traded the young goalie to the Los Angeles Kings in 1998 for a conditional draft pick .
The Kings let him go shortly after that and he was eventually signed as a free agent by Detroit in 1999 , but they put him on waivers early that season .
The Red Wings had not completely given up on him though and claimed him back off the waiver wire a bit later .
He stayed with the Wings for several years after that .
Playing the role of backup is nothing new to the veteran .
While he was in Detroit , he served as understudy to the likes of Chris Osgood , Dominik Hasek , and Curtis Joseph .
Not only was he a suitable backup , he stepped up and played a major role when one or more of the star goalies went down to injury .
In the 2000 - 01 season , he had a 24 - 5 - 5 record .
In 2005 - 06 , when Joseph and Hasek both fell to injuries , ( and each had respective salaries of $ 8 million and $ 10 million ) , Legace held the fort with a 37 - 8 - 3 record at a fraction of the cost .
Unfortunately for the goalie , when the Oilers eliminated the Wings in the first round of the playoffs that postseason , Legace got the brunt of the blame and was released that summer .
The St. Louis Blues signed the goalie that offseason and Legace played well enough to earn an All Star bid in 2008 .
Still , the netminder has not received much recognition .
After three years with St. Louis , he was not offered another contract and was looking for work last summer .
He was eventually given a tryout during the preseason by Atlanta , but was released before the season started .
The Canes picked him up from the Thrashers ' AHL affiliate in Chicago back in November when Cam Ward was injured with a lacerated leg .
" I 've been under - appreciated my whole career , but that 's helped me to keep my head small , " Legace joked one day after practice .
" But I made it to an All Star game and I 've had some good years . "
I asked the goalie how he was able to keep mentally prepared as a backup .
" I have been very fortunate to play with some real professionals , guys like Chris Chelios and Nicklas Lidstrom .
You spend some time with guys like that and you learn what focus is all about . "
Legace has not exactly had an easy stay in Carolina and had to compete with Michael Leighton in order to keep the backup job when Ward returned to action .
But the veteran out - played Leighton , forcing the Hurricanes to put their previous second string goalie on waivers .
Now that Ward is out again , this time with a back problem , Legace has done more than his part to hold the fort .
He has a 5 - 0 - 0 record with a save percentage of .941 , a GAA of 1.59 , and has the team 's only shutout of the season .
But despite all of this success , Legace will probably be back to square one when the season is over and will be looking for a new contract from another NHL team .
The emergence of Justin Peters means that the youngster will probably be Cam Ward 's understudy next season .
Still , do n't count out Manny Legace .
He 's been a fighter and a scrambler his entire career and he is making a good case for himself to get an NHL contract again next season , even if it is not with the Hurricanes .
He will have his hands full tonight in the Nation 's Capital , but the Caps would do well not to under - estimate him .
Although , that 's just the way the goalie likes it .
_____
( We will have the game preview up at about 2 this afternoon . )
In oceans all over the world live microbes with a natural appetite for oil .
Oil is constantly rising from vents in the ocean floor , not just as a result of oil spills , such as from oil wells and shipping , but in a natural process , and these microbes eat the oil up and release byproducts that are consumed by marine wildlife .
Researchers collected microbes from all over the world and combined them in a powder form that will address almost all toxins from oil spills .
This process is called bioremediation ( def : Using biological organisms or agents ; such as fungi , bacteria or plants ; to remove or neutralize pollutants in soil or water or other parts of the environment . )
Testing Bioremediation of Oil Spills
The first test was carried out in Texas in 1989 , with Dr. Carl Oppenheimer , the microbe developer , standing by .
A large pool , similar to a wading pool , was set up , including some shrimp to represent the natural marine life of the sea .
Then oil was spilled into the water .
The microbe powder was spread on the water with a flour sifter .
Within minutes , the oil began to disappear .
The bio remediation research team could see the shrimp rising to the top to eat the byproducts released by the microbes as they consumed the oil .
The microbes began to die off when their food supply was mostly gone .
At the end of the test , the water was tested by Lower Colorado River experts and pronounced free of oil and non-toxic .
In 1989 , the first open - ocean test was carried out on a burning oil freighter , combining the powdered microbes with water and then spraying the solution on the ocean with fire hoses .
The cost was about one tenth of the cost of standard spill solutions .
This test was spectacularly effective , and there was no evidence of any harmful side - effects .
Microbes Preserve Marsh Life
Just two weeks later , a barge spill threatened Galveston Bay .
The existing oil remediation methods at the time had been booms , skimmers , absorbents , and dispersants , and none of these could be utilized without damaging the sensitive marsh area .
Bio-remediation was used and was not only effective to clean up the spill , but left the life of the marshland healthy and thriving .
This video was released by the Texas General Land Office in 1991 .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The commander of U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan was escorted from a congressional hearing room after fainting during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing Tuesday , his spokesman said .
Gen. David Petraeus " is feeling much better , " spokesman Col. Erik Gunhus said .
" It appeared that he fainted . "
A doctor checked Petraeus out and he returned to the hearing room to continue , but committee chairman Sen.
Carl Levin " overruled him , " Gunhus said .
" Looks like we will continue tomorrow .
He will be OK . "
Petraeus returned amid applause to the hearing room .
On his way out of the building , Petraeus told CNN's Dana Bash , " I 'm doing OK .
I just got a little dehydrated .
I ate a couple of bananas and drank some water .
I did n't eat breakfast this morning . "
Petraeus is the head of U.S. Central Command , which oversees the conduct of the U.S. wars in the Middle East and central Asia .
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Petraeus was examined by a doctor in an outer room .
" They gave him some fruit and juice to get his blood sugar up and did all the tests you would do in the aftermath of an unusual episode like that , " Morrell said .
" He took some time , is feeling better and wanted to go back out to complete the hearing . "
President Barack Obama called Petraeus from Air Force
One while the president was en route back from Pensacola , Florida , a White House spokesman said .
Obama got the impression , from his talk with Petraeus , that he is " doing great , " deputy White House press secretary Bill Burton told reporters .
" Sounds like he was just a little dehydrated , " Burton said .
A Pentagon official added that Petraeus " goes nonstop and has kept his schedule like this for nine years .
I do n't know if it was the schedule and pace at which he drives himself contributed to this .
He indicated he did n't have breakfast or anything to eat or drink .
He is back at the Pentagon working .
He did not go for further medical tests . "
Gunhus said , " We have just returned from a weeklong overseas trip to Jordan and London and I think he was just dehydrated .
He will be OK .
We are back at the Pentagon working and executing his afternoon schedule . "
Before Petraeus was escorted out , key senators questioned the progress and planning for U.S. efforts in Afghanistan .
Opening the hearing , Levin , D - Michigan , questioned the ratio of U.S. and NATO troops to Afghan troops , urging a faster ramping up of Afghan security forces .
" Progress towards the goal of Afghans taking the lead in operations has been unsatisfactory .
Today operations in Afghanistan are excessively dependent on coalition forces , " Levin said .
Levin said in the coming campaign in Kandahar , there is a plan to have one Afghan service member for every two international troops .
He called instead for a one - to - one ratio , with Afghan forces in the lead .
His Republican counterpart , Sen. John McCain , R - Arizona , said in his opening remarks that the key trends were going in a " bad direction , perhaps even signaling a mounting crisis . "
" Hoping for success on the arbitrary timeline set by the administration is simply unrealistic , " McCain said , calling for the president to say the U.S. will stay in Afghanistan until there is success .
Moments before Petraeus ' fainting spell , McCain asked him about the president 's target to begin withdrawal of the additional troops by July of next year .
" July 2011 is not the date where we race for the exits .
It is the date where , having done an assessment , we begin a process of transition of tasks to Afghan security forces based on conditions and begin a process of , quote , a responsible drawdown of our forces , " Petraeus explained .
McCain expressed doubts about the timetable , as he has before .
The Arizona senator worried that people in the region will assume America is leaving and that will strengthen the hand of the Taliban .
" You believe that we can begin a drawdown in July of 2011 , under the projected plans that we have ? "
McCain asked .
" That is the policy and I support it , " Petraeus said .
" I understand you support the policy , " McCain responded .
" Will conditions on the ground indicate that we will begin a withdrawal , in the words of the vice president : ' July of 2011 , you 're going to see a whole lot of people moving out , bet on it ' ? "
McCain moved on to another topic before Petraeus could answer the question .
A few moments later , the hearing was recessed until Wednesday morning .
Prepared remarks from Petraeus said progress is being made even as the security violence has gotten more intense .
The surge of U.S. troops into Afghanistan is ahead of schedule , but the situation on the ground will get more difficult before it gets better , he warned in the prepared remarks .
" I noted several months ago ... the going was likely to get harder before it got easier .
That has already been the case , as we 've seen recently . "
All 30,000 additional U.S. troops ordered by Obama last year will be in place in Afghanistan by the end of August , according to Petraeus .
Troops had originally been scheduled to be in place by September .
In the prepared remarks , he told the congressional panel Tuesday that increasing the size and capability of the struggling Afghan National Army and police forces are back on track , but there is more work to be done .
Undersecretary of Defense Michele Flournoy also argued that progress has been made .
" We are regaining the initiative and the insurgency is beginning to lose momentum , " she said in her opening statement , but noted the outcome is " far from determined . "
The MODIS / Terra satellite image of the Gulf taken yesterday ( May 24 , 2010 ) is a relatively cloud - free look at the ongoing oil spill in the eastern Gulf of Mexico .
Areas covered by oil slick and sheen are marked with a solid orange line .
Areas where we think there may be slicks and sheen , but our analysis is of lower confidence , are shown by dashed orange lines .
All together , slicks and sheen are possibly covering as much as 28,958 square miles ( 75,000 km2 ) .
That 's an area as big as the state of South Carolina :
( MODIS / Terra image , May 24 , 2010 , with SkyTruth analysis )
We also though it would be interesting to produce a matching version of this image with none of our annoying annotation :
It 's Day 36 of this fatal incident .
Our estimated spill rate of 1.1 million gallons ( 26,500 barrels ) per day , now on the conservative end of the scientific estimates , leads us to conclude that almost 40 million gallons of oil have spilled into the Gulf so far .
BP and the federal government had said that they would announce a new official estimate of the daily spill rate on May 22 , but we 've heard nothing more about that .
As far as we can tell , they are still claiming the spill rate is 210,000 gallons ( 5,000 barrels ) per day .
At that much lower rate , the total amount spilled would be 7.56 million gallons .
John Amos is a geologist and the president of SkyTruth .
Read more here -->
With the snap of an iPhone camera , one police department is identifying suspects on the go .
Using an app called MORIS ( Mobile Offender Recognition and Identification System ) , the police department in Brockton , Massachusetts is matching photos of suspects with a database in development by statewide sheriff ’s departments .
Sean Mullin , president and CEO of BI2 Technologies of Plymouth who developed the app , explained that the app allows officers to identify suspects through facial recognition , iris biometrics and fingerprints – all on one device .
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wkANapgWgE&feature=player_embedded
MORIS may be a quick , easy way to ID perps , but it is n’t cheap .
Each iPhone loaded up with the app costs $ 3,000 .
These are n’t regular , off - the - shelf iPhones but augmented devices ( considerably bulkier than what you ’d find in a store and what could easily fit in a pocket ) with super - sized batteries as well as some extra hardware .
During the testing phase , police have access to the facial recognition software but the system will later include both iris and fingerprint recognition .
Brockton is using a federal grant to pay for the experimental program .
The first devices will be used by the gang unit until more grant money can be obtained to equip the rest of the force .
In total , about $ 150,000 in grant money will be used in 28 police departments and 14 sheriffs departments across the state .
Police Chief William Conlan explained the advantages in a video interview , ” This is something that the officers can actually access when they ’re out on the road , so they do n’t have to bring somebody back here to figure out who they are . ”
Conlan also said that police officers will not be randomly stopping people for ID checks , but will only snap people who have done something , “ only when we have probable cause . ”
Other police forces are anxious to see how MORIS will fare .
Sheriff Greg Solano of the Santa Fe County Sheriff ’s Department in New Mexico told newspapers he “ ca n’t wait ” to get the new portable system .
His department has been using has been using BI2 Technologies ’
Sex Offender Registry and Identification System ( SORIS ) technology for a year to track sex offenders and more recently to create a database of people who have been booked for any crime .
The system has turbo - charged identification times : what used to take from two to six weeks is now immediate , even if the suspects do n’t tell the truth about who they are or were booked under a different name .
“ We really are very impressed with it , ” he said .
This is the latest in a growing number of iPhone apps designed to make the work of police officers easier and faster .
Recent examples include an app used by cops in Australia to check car and license registration on the go and one US college where police are monitoring security cam footage from their iPhones .
Sources : Patriot Ledger , Wicked Local , Enterprise News
The red dots are oil rigs , the black lines are pipe lines …
Editor ’s note : Greg Epstein , an ordained Humanist rabbi , serves as the Humanist Chaplain at Harvard University .
He is the author of the New York Times bestseller “ Good Without God : What a Billion Nonreligious People Do Believe ” and chairs the national advisory board of the Secular Student Alliance .
By Greg Epstein , Special to CNN
If I told you groups of atheist and Muslim students around the country have been breaking out boxing gloves , and the outlines of bodies have been marked in chalk on the ground , you ’d worry , right ?
And you should , though fortunately it does n’t mean anyone has been physically hurt yet .
Rather , it means the latest in a series of controversies over drawing the Prophet Mohammed has arrived : “ Everybody Draw Mohammed Day , ” scheduled for Thursday , May 20 , has gained tens of thousands of online followers , riling fears and anger on many campuses .
i Report : Why I choose to draw Muhammad
This spring ’s 200th episode of the always irreverent “ South Park ” included the Prophet Mohammed disguised in a bear mascot suit .
A fringe website called Revolutionmuslim.com issued a warning against the “ South Park ” creators .
But the forces behind that site consist of just two “ extremist buffoons , ” according to Arsalan Iftikhar , an international human rights lawyer and founder of TheMuslimGuy.com .
Read Iftikhar 's commentary here
Still , Comedy Central network pulled the episode after it first aired .
And the network censored Part II of the episode , with audio bleeps and image blocks .
In response , Seattle cartoonist Molly Norris penned a satirical cartoon calling for a national day of drawing the prophet .
And groups of secular and atheist students , among others , are mobilizing to follow her lead en masse .
Except Norris long since disavowed her cartoon , apologizing publicly and profusely for the misbegotten day it seems to have produced .
Got all that ?
Facebookers respond to ' Draw Mohammed Day '
The " South Park " episodes , of course , should have been left alone .
The show makes fun of everyone , often brilliantly .
There ’s no reason for Islam to get off easier .
Comedy Central seriously erred , kowtowing to extremists or to the small minority of American Muslims who oppose freedom of expression .
But two wrongs do n’t make a right .
Several campus groups of nonreligious students affiliated with the national Secular Student Alliance , of which I am a big supporter , have started a campaign to chalk smiling stick figures on their campus quads , labeling the figures “ Mohammed . ”
Muslim students ’ reaction ?
Add boxing gloves and re-label the drawings “ Muhammad Ali . "
As an atheist ( or better yet , call me a Humanist : one who emphasizes doing good without God ) who longs for fellow Humanists to gain respectability in this religious nation , I begrudgingly admit the Muslims ’ approach in this incident is superior in humor and civility .
Pakistan blocks access to YouTube , Facebook
This is not to say the secular students are bigots seeking to cause offense , as some have suggested .
In fact they see themselves as standing up for free speech and free intellectual inquiry .
They hope increasing the number of potential targets will make extremists think twice before attacking .
And they earnestly believe no person should be so revered that they can not be drawn or spoken - that such reverence is simply a bad idea .
Proudly , they note that like the creators of " South Park , " they are “ equal opportunity critics ” who would be just as harsh with bad ideas put forth by any other religion .
They ’ve written to their Muslim Students Association colleagues saying just that .
In short they ’re good , smart people , trying to do the right thing .
Unfortunately , they ’re failing ; maybe dangerously .
There is a difference between making fun of religious or other ideas on a TV show that you can turn off , and doing it out in a public square where those likely to take offense simply can’t avoid it .
These chalk drawings are not a seminar on free speech ; they are the atheist equivalent of the campus sidewalk preachers who used to irk me back in college .
This is not even " Piss Christ , " Andres Serrano 's controversial 1987 photograph of a crucifix in urine .
It is more like filling Dixie cups with yellow water and mini crucifixes and putting them on the ground all over town .
Could you do it legally ?
Of course .
Should you ?
In Muslim culture , there is a longstanding tradition that to put something on the ground , where people step on it , is “ the ultimate diss , " indicating “ I hate you , you disgust me , ” as I was told by Ingrid Mattson , president of the Islamic Society of North America
To this add the fact that after 9/11 hate crimes against Arabs , Muslims and “ those perceived to be Muslim ” increased 1,700 percent in the United States , according to a report by Human Rights Watch .
Large numbers of innocent Muslims in the U.S. have been harmed or intimidated simply because they share a religious tradition with extremists .
Can we reasonably suggest they not be reminded of this upon seeing their prophet , the most revered and admired person in their cultural tradition , underfoot ?
Our country ’s top military leaders are struggling to win the hearts and minds of Muslims worldwide .
And many of the 1.57 billion Muslims are watching CNN and many other American networks to see what we think of them .
If we think they are going to perceive this as a thoughtful exercise in critical thinking , we are in serious denial .
To paraphrase one student I heard from , we should fight to the death for our right to chalk these images .
But we should also have the dignity and respect not to do so .
Of course , Muslim extremists have again and again in recent memory committed atrocities that the angriest , most aggressive atheist I know could scarcely dream up on LSD .
And it is moderate Muslims ’ responsibility to speak out against these acts .
And they are .
My friend Eboo Patel is a Muslim who has built a movement training thousands of young Muslim , Christian , Jewish , Humanist , Buddhist and Hindu leaders in pluralism as an alternative religious extremism .
What Eboo and other Muslims are saying when they criticize the chalking campaign is , ‘ please find a less hurtful way to protect free speech ; you ’re within your rights to do it this way , but we ca n’t help but see it as , at best , unfriendly in the extreme . ’
Check out the resources his organization has created for those looking for Muslim - atheist / Humanist partnerships rather than cartoonish conflict .
And partnerships are , more than ever , a real possibility .
Patel and Mattson , along with Akbar Ahmed , the chair of Islamic Studies at American University in Washington and a leading authority on contemporary Islam , all responded enthusiastically to my suggestion that we organize a meeting between Muslim and secularist leaders and students .
Ahmed ’s comment summarized their sentiment : “ I ’d much rather know a person who says there is no God , but is dedicated to being a good person [ than a person who gives lip - service to God but behaves unethically . ] ”
As a Humanist , I hope I do not exist solely to advance the Humanist cause .
I want to advance the human cause .
In this case , the way to do it is to keep the chalk on the blackboard , where perhaps one day soon Humanist and Muslim college students will use it together in inner-city elementary schools , teaching understanding and cooperation between members of different religious and moral traditions .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Greg Epstein .
I ’ve been pondering 3 related points .
1 ) Self - Control Is Culture - Control :
It seems to me that … the key change after farming [ was ] an increased sensitivity to culture , so that social sanctions became better able to push behavior contrary to other inclinations . …
This increased sensitivity to the carrots and sticks of culture generally appears to us as greater “ self - control ” , i.e. , as our better resisting immediate inclinations for other purposes .
And since we have more self - control in far mode , I suspect an important component of change since farming has been greater inclinations toward and abilities in far mode .
2 ) Fogel & Engerman ’s economic classic analysis of US slavery :
Plantation agriculture based upon slave labor … may have been significantly more efficient than family farming .
…
The typical slave field - hand may have been more productive than a free , white field - hand .
…
Slavery was not incompatible with industrial production .
…
Slave - labor farms were 28 percent more productive than southern free - labor farms and 40 percent more productive than northern free - labor farms . …
Plantation operators strove for a disciplined , specialized and coordinated labor force .
Labor was organized into something like the assembly line operations in industry .
This involved “ driving ” the slaves ’ efforts to maintain a pace of production .
The “ drivers ” or foremen were slaves themselves . …
Plantations had a much higher rate of labor force participation , two thirds , as compared with a free population , one third .
This was achieved by finding productive pursuits for the young and the elderly and maintaining nurseries so that slave women could work .
3 ) The latest AER on designing work to aid self - control :
The Industrial Revolution involved workers moving from agriculture to manufacturing ; from working on their own to working with others in factories ; and from flexible work - hours to rigid work - days . …
Some work - place arrangements may make self - control problems more severe , while others may ameliorate them . …
The firm … can use regular compensation to … make the returns to effort more immediate .
Firms can also create disproportionate penalties for certain types of low efforts … so as to create sharp self - control incentives .
…
Conforming to an externally set pace , however , can decrease these self - control costs .
…
Workers planting rice - fields often find it helpful to synchronize movements to music or to beats .
In industrial production , the assembly line may serve a similar purpose . …
An intrinsic competitive drive may make the momentary self exert more effort when surrounded by hard - working coworkers .
Young boys run races faster when running alongside another boy than when running alone . …
[ Farming ] creates difficult self - control problems .
First , it involves long time horizons — farmers must tend their land constantly for months before reaping benefits at harvest .
These lags can generate suboptimal effort in early stages of production .
Financially , farmers may also fail to save enough money out of lumpy harvest payments to make efficient investments during the production cycle , further affecting labor supply returns and output .
Second , agriculture often involves self - employment or very small firms .
As a result , there are rarely firms or large employers to mitigate the self - control problem .
Tasks cannot be structured , compensation altered , or work intensity regulated .
Finally , agrarian production by nature is also geographically dispersed , which makes colocation of workers difficult . …
This can help explain the observation that work hours appear to be low in modern - day subsistence agriculture . …
In the workshop system , workers rented floor space or machinery in factories , received pure piece rates for output …
Clark presents evidence that workers under the workshop system had very unsteady attendance and hours , spent a lot of time socializing at work , and concentrated effort in the latter half of the week leading up to paydays .
Clark argues that this led firms to transition to the factory discipline system to solve self - control problems .
OK , now let ’s put it all together .
Apparently , factory - like methods that greatly increase farming productivity have long been feasible .
( First known factory : Venice Arsenal , 1104 . )
Yet it took slaves to actually implemented such methods in farming .
Even after ten thousand years of Malthusian competition , a farming method that could support a much larger population per land area did not displace other methods .
( And if factory - fortified foraging was possible , the timescale problem gets much worse . )
The introduction of farming was associated with important new elements , like religion , that encouraged more “ self - control , ” i.e. sensitivity to social norms .
However , those additions were not sufficient to achieve factory - like farming — most humans had too little self - control to make themselves behave that way , and too strong an anti-dominance norm to let rulers enforce such behavior .
This dramatically illustrates the huge self - control innovations that came with industry .
School , propaganda , mass media , and who knows what else have greatly changed human nature , enabling a system of industrial submission and control that proud farmers and foragers simply would not tolerate – they would ( and did ) starve first .
In contrast , industry workers had enough self / culture - control to act as only slaves would before – working long hours in harsh alien environments , and showing up on time and doing what they were told .
So what made industry workers so much more willing to increase their self - control , relative to farmers ?
One guess : the productivity gains from worker self - control were far larger in industry than in farming .
Instead of a 50 % gain , it might have been a factor of two or more .
Self - controlled workers and societies gained a big enough productivity advantage to compensate for lost pride .
Humans are an increasingly self - domesticated species .
Foragers could cooperate in non -kin groups of unprecedented size , farmers could enforce norms to induce many behaviors unnatural for foragers , and the schooled humans of industry would willingly obey like enslaved farmers .
Our descendants may evolve even stronger self / culture - control of behavior .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
The following press release was just sent out by Israeli group Gush Shalom :
Uri Avnery : this night a crime was perpetrated in the middle of the sea , by order of the government of Israel and the IDF Command
A warlike attack against aid ships and deadly shooting at peace and humanitarian aid activists
It is a crazy thing that only a government that crossed all red lines can do
“ Only a crazy government that has lost all restraint and all connection to reality could something like that – consider ships carrying humanitarian aid and peace activists from around the world as an enemy and send massive military force to international waters to attack them , shoot and kill .
“ Noone in the world will believe the lies and excuses which the government and army spokesmen come up with , ” said former Knesset member Uri Avnery of the Gush Shalom movement .
Gush Shalom activists together with activists of other organizations are to depart at 11:00 from Tel Aviv to protest in front of the prepared detention facility where the international peace activists will be brought .
Greta Berlin , the spokeswoman for the flotilla organizers located in Cyprus , told Gush Shalom activists that the Israeli commandos landed by helicopter on the boats and immediately opened fire .
This is a day of disgrace to the State of Israel , a day of anxiety in which we discover that our future was entrusted to a bunch of trigger - happy people without any responsibility .
This day is a day of disgrace and madness and stupidity without limit , the day the Israeli government took care to blacken the name of the country in the world , adding convincing evidence of aggressiveness and brutality to Israel ’s already bad international image , discouraging and distancing the few remaining friends .
Indeed , today a provocation took place off the coast of Gaza – but the provocateurs were not the peace activists invited by the Palestinians and seeking to reach Gaza .
The provocation was carried out by Navy ships commandos at the bidding of the Israeli government , blocking the way of the aid boats and using deadly force .
It is time to lift the siege on the Gaza Strip , which causes severe suffering to its residents .
Today the Israeli government ripped the mask of its face with its own hands and exposed the fact that Israel did not “ disengage ” from Gaza .
Real disengagement from the area does not go together with blocking the access to it or sending soldiers to shoot and kill and wound those who try to get there .
The State of Israel promised in the Oslo Accords 17 years ago to enable and encourage the establishment of a deep water port in Gaza , through which Palestinians could import and export freely to develop their economy .
It ’s time to realize this commitment and open the Port of Gaza .
Only after the Gaza port will be open to free and undisturbed movement , just like the Ashdod and Haifa ports , will Israel really have disengaged from the Gaza Strip .
Until then , the world will continue – and rightly so – to consider the Gaza Strip under Israeli occupation and the State of Israel as responsible for the fate of the people living there .
Julian Borthwick was thrown out of the Labour event for heckling
A 38 - year - old man has been thrown out of a Labour Party event after heckling a speech to supporters by Gordon Brown .
Julian Borthwick said he had gone to the National Glass Centre in Sunderland for lunch but " felt animated " when he heard the prime minister was there .
His complaint was about availability of fast broadband in the North East .
He also said he was angry that the PM was not meeting any ordinary people and was instead appearing before " small hand - picked groups " .
Mr Brown continued with his speech , only saying that there would be " plenty of time " to ask questions afterwards .
In his remarks , Mr Brown said every family in the country would be affected by budget cuts planned by the Conservatives .
Tory proposals would result in 14,000 fewer teachers , 2,400 fewer police jobs , and less support for the unemployed and school leavers , he said - adding that the Liberal Democrats would also put the economic recovery at risk .
The prime minister stressed it was not his " prospects " at stake at the election but the country's .
" And so my message is simple , " he said .
" It 's your future .
Vote for it . "
The leaders of the three main parties at Westminster have all been touring the country as the campaign enters its final few days .
In what could lead to a major advance in the treatment of prostate cancer , scientists now know exactly why polyphenols in red wine and green tea inhibit cancer growth .
This new discovery , published online in The FASEB Journal , explains how antioxidants in red wine and green tea produce a combined effect to disrupt an important cell signaling pathway necessary for prostate cancer growth .
This finding is important because it may lead to the development of drugs that could stop or slow cancer progression , or improve current treatments .
" Not only does SphK1 / S1P signaling pathway play a role in prostate cancer , but it also plays a role in other cancers , such as colon cancer , breast cancer , and gastric cancers , " said Gerald Weissmann , MD , editor - in - chief of The FASEB Journal .
" Even if future studies show that drinking red wine and green tea is n't as effective in humans as we hope , knowing that the compounds in those drinks disrupts this pathway is an important step toward developing drugs that hit the same target . "
Scientists conducted in vitro experiments which showed that the inhibition of the sphingosine kinase - 1 / sphingosine 1 - phosphate ( SphK1 / S1P ) pathway was essential for green tea and wine polyphenols to kill prostate cancer cells .
Next , mice genetically altered to develop a human prostate cancer tumor were either treated or not treated with green tea and wine polyphenols .
The treated mice showed reduced tumor growth as a result of the inhibited SphK1 / S1P pathway .
To mimic the preventive effects of polyphenols , another experiment used three groups of mice given drinking water , drinking water with a green tea compound known as EGCg , or drinking water with a different green tea compound , polyphenon E. Human prostate cancer cells were implanted in the mice and results showed a dramatic decrease in tumor size in the mice drinking the EGCg or polyphenon E mixtures .
" The profound impact that the antioxidants in red wine and green tea have on our bodies is more than anyone would have dreamt just 25 years ago , " Weissmann added .
" As long as they are taken in moderation , all signs show that red wine and green tea may be ranked among the most potent ' health foods ' we know . "
Wiretap laws are drawing scrutiny in the age of YouTube as the case of a Maryland motorcyclist , who was arrested for recording and posting online a traffic stop , raises questions about whether citizens have the right to record their own encounters with police .
Civil liberty groups say police are abusing a statute , designed to protect people 's privacy from government intrusion , by preventing citizens from recording their own activities .
But law enforcement officials say recordings of confrontations with police may violate wiretap laws that require two - party consent .
Maryland is one of 12 states that requires two - party consent , meaning all parties must agree before a recording is made if a conversation occurs where there is a " reasonable expectation of privacy . "
The other states are California , Connecticut , Florida , Illinois , Massachusetts , Michigan , Montana , Nevada , New Hampshire , Pennsylvania and Washington .
The laws were created decades ago before the digital age .
" There 's a clear case that they 're outdated , " David Rittgers , a legal policy analyst with the libertarian - leaning Cato Institute , told FoxNews.com .
The right to record police officers has been upheld by state supreme courts in New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Washington and Illinois -- although Illinois lawmakers later made it illegal to record anyone without consent .
Federal law requires only one - party consent , as do the other 38 states and the District of Columbia .
In Maryland , the issue is trickier because a 2003 consent decree with the state ACLU over racial profiling requires state troopers to record traffic stops themselves , using dashboard cams that were installed in all patrol cars .
Still , that has n't stopped police from warning cameramen about their recordings .
In a YouTube video last month , a Baltimore cop at the Preakness horse race told a cameraman that it was illegal to record several officers subduing a woman who began bleeding during the confrontation .
In the case of the motorcyclist , Anthony Graber , a Maryland Air National Guardsman , drew national attention when he posted a video in March showing plainclothes Maryland State Trooper Joseph D. Uhler with his gun drawn pulling him over on a speeding and reckless driving violation .
Click here to view the video .
After Graber , 25 , posted the video , the state police charged him with violating the state 's wiretap law because his helmet camera recorded the audio of the stop , which is illegal in Maryland .
Graber faces up to 16 years in prison if found guilty of all charges .
A hearing is scheduled in October .
Maryland State Policeman Greg Shipley said at a news conference that the officer was acting appropriately .
" He held that gun at his side momentarily , " Shipley said .
" When he saw the situation was under control , he quickly put it away , never pointed at the individual and we think he acted appropriately . "
Explaining the arrest under the wiretap law , Shipley said , " He had been recording this trooper audibly without his consent . "
The ACLU of Maryland has come to the defense of Graber , calling the prosecution " profoundly dangerous " and seemingly intended to " intimidate people from making a record of what public officials do . "
" It is hard to imagine anything more antithetical to a democracy than for the government to tell its citizens that they do not have the right to record what government officials say or do or how they behave , " David Rocah , staff attorney for ACLU , said in a written statement last month .
ACLU Legal Director Deborah Jeon argues that cops performing their duties in a public place , such as an interstate highway , cannot reasonably claim that their communications are private .
" This is especially true for highway stops , since many police departments , including the Maryland State Police , record the stops themselves , thus negating any possibility that the officer would reasonably believe the conversation to be private , " she said .
But the Maryland State Police say the jury is still out on that .
" That seems to be the question on everyone 's mind as this case is tried , " Maryland State Police spokeswoman Elena Russo told FoxNews.com .
Rittgers called the Graber case " an abuse of police power . "
He said that regardless of the outcome in Graber 's case , the police have won .
" Even if there 's no conviction in Graber 's case , the deterrent that the officers wanted to have is established , " he said .
" People will be afraid to film police officers in these states because of the threat of prosecution . "
When protesting students spilled into University of California campus courtyards in March , Ricardo Dominguez took to the streets in his own way — digitally — leading a march to the online office of the UC president .
The bespectacled associate professor triggered a software program that continuously reloaded the home page of UC President Mark G. Yudof ’s website .
“ Transparency , ” hundreds of protesters wrote , over and over again , in the search box of the home page .
The jammed website responded with an error message : “ File not found . ”
The protesters ’ message : Transparency does n’t exist in the UC system .
It was a virtual sit-in , an oft - used tactic from Dominguez ’s academic specialty at UC San Diego : electronic civil disobedience .
Another project last year took as inspiration the debate over illegal immigration .
Dominguez , a new media artist , unveiled a prototype for a modified cellphone that he called a “ mobile Statue of Liberty . ”
He said phones like it would provide immigrants with directions and inspirational poetry readings during arduous desert crossings .
Never mind that few of the phones will probably ever end up in immigrant hands — there are no plans to mass produce them — or that the virtual sit - in may not have actually disrupted the UC president ’s computer .
The projects were political statements meant to agitate , which they did , with unexpected consequences .
Campus police are probing whether the virtual sit -in broke any computer hacking laws .
The phone has drawn fire for allegedly encouraging illegal immigration .
The media showed up , and faculty and students have rallied to Dominguez ’s defense , slapping black tape over their mouths at a campus protest .
To his detractors Dominguez is a leftist prankster who wastes public funds pursuing projects that border on the criminal .
Three Republican congressmen in San Diego county have written letters to the university questioning his work .
“ Time for a change in this country , ” wrote Nick Vecchio , a La Mesa resident , in a letter to the San Diego Union Tribune .
“ My taxes are sky high , and I ’m paying a state university to employ activists and professors specializing in civil disobedience ?
What , pray tell , is a ‘ new media artist ? ’ ”
Disturbance , answers Dominguez .
He ponders the controversy with professorial detachment , studying reactions to his esoteric stagecraft , which is intended to blur the line between advocacy and performance art .
“ I ’m interested in how different forms of power respond to this , ” said Dominguez , 50 , in a mellifluous baritone .
“ Our work has always been to bring to the foreground what artists can do using available low - end , new technologies that can have a wider encounter with society than just the limited landscape of the museum , the gallery and the scholarly paper . ”
There are complications , however , when reality pierces the bubble of conceptual art .
“ The negative end is police coming to your door , ” Dominguez said , mentioning that the university also shut down his laboratory ’s computer server for eight days .
Dominguez , a Mexican American raised in Las Vegas , majored in theater arts — Shakespeare ’s vainglorious Malvolio in “ Twelfth Night ” was among his favorite roles — and moved to New York City in the 1990s , pulled more by the burgeoning digital subculture than the bright lights of Broadway .
With fellow new media artists and social activists , he co-founded the Electronic Disturbance Theater , which developed virtual protest tactics against computer systems across the world .
The online protests flood network servers with automatic “ reload ” requests that can disrupt and slow systems , but not destroy data , Dominguez says .
The group targeted , among others , the Frankfurt stock exchange to protest mining investments in Mexico , and the Mexican government for its military actions against the Zapatista rebel movement .
Dominguez likens the protests to thousands of people standing in the middle of the information superhighway , or massing as if they will .
In 1998 , for example , the U.S. Defense Department , anticipating a virtual attack from the Disturbance Theater , set up a program to divert the virtual swarm to a nonexistent website , the New York Times reported .
“ When the Department of Defense launched the information war weapon at us — that ’s kind of a brilliant moment in that performance , ” Dominguez said .
“ One can take the measure of power by not doing anything .
That is the power of art , that is the power of performance , that it creates not effect , but affect . ”
--
In 2005 , Dominguez was hired as an associate professor at UC San Diego ’s prestigious Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology .
He joined an eclectic group of nanotechnology experts , computer musicians and game designers exploring cyberspace trends in a gleaming , postmodern building at the La Jolla campus .
His students in the visual arts department have created a sound sculpture exhibit featuring columns of white speakers , that draws attention to the presence of nanotechnology particles in everyday products .
Another student spent 365 hours as a virtual - world dragon , her movements mimed with motion - capture technology in a three - dimensional visual laboratory
In class , Dominguez ’s students are taken on a brain - twisting journey into abstract ruminations on cyber - hallucinations and the nature of beauty .
To the uninitiated , the language is incomprehensible .
Want to learn about “ Trans ( ) infinities , ” his latest course offering ?
It “ will be imagined as an ( empty set ) of potential aesthetic practices that move between , through , across and beyond the post of the post - contemporary by transfixing on the loanwords , ” reads the course description .
Last year , Dominguez was granted tenure .
“ Professor Dominguez ... has been a defining figure in the migration of performance art from physical space to virtual space , ” wrote Professor Paul Drake , UC San Diego ’s senior vice chancellor of Academic Affairs , in a tenure notification letter quoted by the UC Faculty Coalition in a letter to administrators .
With the public unveiling of the immigrant cellphone , Dominguez seized the spotlight .
The phone ’s global - positioning system program directs immigrants to desert water stations and has a “ poetry - in - motion ” audio feature .
“ May the road rise up to meet you , ” says one poem .
“ May the wind always be at your back . ”
The phone is more conceptual than practical .
Similar border - inspired projects have been dreamed up by several artists over the years , including an illegal - immigrant shoe equipped with maps and a compass .
They languished in galleries , generating little interest beyond art circles .
But the immigrant cellphone — created with three colleagues for about $ 10,000 — scored public relations riches .
CNN named Dominguez one of its most intriguing people in December , and the associate professor shared the media stage with conservative lawmakers , giving him a platform to draw attention to the plight of immigrants .
Distributing the device is beside the point now , Dominguez said .
“ Deployment has already been made , ” he said .
“ This spasm of interest is what the project is about . ”
Colleagues cheered .
Dominguez and his co-creators received an award from the university ’s humanities department and were honored at an international electronic art festival in Mexico City .
--
On March 4 , Dominguez dusted off his virtual swarming software to protest college fee increases .
This time , there was no ovation .
Administration officials shut down his computer server in the middle of finals week .
A few days later , campus police showed up at his office .
According to Dominguez and a faculty group , the university has launched at least two probes :
One to determine whether creation of the phone was a proper use of public funds , the other to see if legal grounds exist for filing criminal charges for the virtual sit-in .
The charges , they said , could lead to disciplinary measures and the revocation of Dominguez ’s tenure .
Dominguez ’s salary was $ 65,000 before furloughs .
“ We ’d be better off taking his salary and hiring more math teachers ... let ’s get back to basics , ” said Peter Nuñez , a former U.S. attorney from San Diego .
UC San Diego President Marye Anne
Fox has been asked to provide a financial accounting of the immigrant phone project in a letter signed by Reps.
Duncan Hunter , Brian Bilbray and Darrell Issa .
UC officials , in a statement , said the university does n’t take positions on the political implications of researchers ’ work , but reviews allegations of law breaking .
The university declined to comment on Dominguez ’s case .
Around campus , some professors and students say the probes strike at the heart of academic freedom .
“ We are astonished that work that earned tenure [ for Dominguez ] can be turned on its head and form the basis of a criminal investigation , ” said Ivan Evans , a sociology professor .
This twist puzzles Dominguez .
He suspects outside political pressure may be driving the probes and that officials may be sensitive to criticism after dealing with a series of racially charged incidents earlier this year at the San Diego campus .
Dominguez met with his lawyers this week , making them the newest cast members in a performance that could end with the protagonist being yanked offstage .
Dominguez , for his part , still revels in the plaudits he has earned from his fellow artists and colleagues .
“ That has been a kind of glorious moment in the performance , ” Dominguez said .
“ It ’s the humanity that has gathered around ... Electronic Disturbance Theater . ”
richard.marosi@latimes.com
The present strength of women officers is 1012 in the Army ( excluding Army Medical Corps , Army Dental Corps and Military Nursing Service ) .
Twelve women officers in the Army are due to retire in 2010 after 14 years of service .
As per the present policy , the tenure of both women and men Short Service Commissioned Officers is ten years extendable upto 14 years .
Both women and men are inducted in the Short Service Commission in the Army .
Women officers serving in the Army are entitled to the same benefits as available to similarly placed men officers .
However , women SSC officers are not eligible for being considered for grant of Permanent Commission in all Branches .
Permanent Commission to SSC ( Women ) officers have been granted prospectively in Judge Advocate General ( JAG ) Department and Army Education Corps ( AEC ) of Army .
Women officers in the Indian Army are not assigned to the combat arms .
A study carried out by HQrs Integrated Defence Staff in 2006 on all aspects of employment of women officers in the armed forces , recommended exclusion of women officers from close combat roles .
The number of cases of alleged exploitation / harassment of women officers in the Armed Forces reported during the last three years , service wise is as follows :
Total number of cases Punished awarded Disciplinary proceedings / court of inquiry / general court martial are in progress Complaint found baseless Army 06 03 02 01 Air Force 05 03 02 - Navy 01 01 - -
Some of the important actions taken to check recurrence of sexual harassment cases are as under :
( i) Orders have been issued on definition of sexual harassment and procedure to deal with such complaints .
( ii ) Instructions have been issued emphasising ‘ Zero Tolerance ’ towards sexual harassment cases .
This information was given by Defence Minister Shri AK Antony in separate written replies to SmtYashodhara Raje Scindia and Shri Rakesh Sachan in Lok Sabha today .
What Does Snack Food Have To Do With Keeping Weapons Out Of Gaza ?
Doug Mataconis · · 20 comments
That ’s the question raised by yesterday ’s announcement that Israel would now allow snack food and drinks to be imported in to the Gaza Strip :
Israel is easing its Gaza embargo to allow snack food and drinks into the Palestinian enclave , Palestinian officials said Wednesday , following an international outcry over Israel ’s raid on an aid flotilla .
(…)
An Israeli official said the new product list , announced hours before U.S. President Barack Obama was to host Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Washington , was unrelated to Israel ’s May 31 takeover of the convoy that challenged its Gaza blockade .
The talks between Obama and Abbas are expected to focus on ways to ease the embargo , which has drawn mounting international criticism since Israeli commandos , who met violent resistance on a Turkish - flagged ship , killed nine pro-Palestinian activists .
The Palestinian officials , based in the West Bank , said that as of next week , Israel will allow a wider variety of food , such as potato crisps , biscuits , canned fruit and packaged humous , as well as soft drinks and juice , into the Gaza Strip .
“ They will send the first course .
We are waiting for the main course , ” Palestinian Economy Minister Hassan Abu Libdeh said in Ramallah .
“ We are waiting for this unjust siege to end . ”
In a related development , the White House announced last night that the United States would be sending development aid to Gaza :
Washington ( CNN ) – The United States will contribute $ 400 million in development aid to the Palestinian territories and work with Israel to loosen its embargo on Gaza , President Barack Obama said Wednesday .
Obama ’s announcement came after White House talks with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas .
The money will be used to build housing , schools , water and health care systems in both the Palestinian Authority - controlled West Bank and Gaza , which is ruled by the Palestinian Islamic movement Hamas .
Not surprisingly , this has caused some on the right to go ballistic :
This is why Americans feel deeply suspicious of President Obama and his feelings toward Israel , and by extension , America , herself .
Here ’s a thought :
Every dollar sent to the Gaza strip means it ’s one less dollar the people there have to spend to take care of themselves .
That is , they have zero incentive to stop being death - cult beasts .
All their earthly gain can be funneled to the tools for war .
When America sends this savage bunch money , she participates in the arming aiding of our own enemy –of Israel ’s enemy .
It ’s absurd .
It ’s absurd unless you hate Israel .
It ’s absurd unless you believe America to be a bunch of terrorists , instead of a force for good in the world
This is the part I do n’t get at all .
I completely support the idea that Israel has the right to ensure that weapons , or material that can be used in the production of weapons or delivery systems , are not imported into a region that is ruled by a government that has declared it ’s hostility to Israel .
What I do n’t support , and what I do n’t understand how anyone can support , is preventing other items like food , medicine , or other items that have absolutely nothing to do with weaponry from entering Gaza .
As I said in the title to this post — what does preventing the people of Gaza from buying Fritos and drinking Coca - Cola , to take two examples , have to do with protecting Israel ?
The answer , of course , is nothing at all .
As for the rest of the commentary above , all I can say is that the fact that Israel is an ally does not mean that we should not question them when they ’re wrong and , in the case , of a blockade of Gaza that is clearly aimed at doing more than just keeping weapons out of the country , Israel is wrong .
H/T : Joe Gandelman
Simon Cowell may appear to relish arguing with his fellow judges when they disagree with him , but new research out June 17 suggests that -- at least at a neuronal level -- he would find their agreement much more satisfying .
Researchers at the Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging at UCL ( University College London ) in collaboration with Aarhus University in Denmark have found that the ' reward ' area of the brain is activated when people agree with our opinions .
The study , published June 17 in the journal Current Biology , suggests that scientists may be able to predict how much people can be influenced by the opinions of others on the basis of the level of activity in the reward area .
In a study of 28 volunteers in the UK , Professor Chris Frith and colleagues examined the effect that having experts agree with a person 's opinions has on activity in their ventral striatum , the area of the brain associated with receiving rewards .
Expert opinions about a piece of music produced more activity in this brain area when the subject shared the opinion .
Expert opinions could also alter the amount of ventral striatum reward activity that receiving the music could produce -- depending on how likely the person was to change his or her mind on the basis of those opinions .
Before the task , each volunteer was asked to provide a list of twenty songs that they liked , but did not currently own .
They were asked to rate the songs on a scale of one to ten depending on how much they wanted the song ( a score of ten indicating that they wanted the song very much ) .
The subjects were then placed in a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) scanner , which records brain activity by measuring related changes in blood flow .
They were shown , one of the songs they had requested and one from a set of the previously unknown songs by Canadian and Scandinavian artists and were asked to indicate a preference between the two .
The researchers then revealed to the volunteer which of the two songs the two ' experts ' preferred .
When the reviewers agreed with the subject 's own choice , the team found that the subject 's ventral striatum , the area of the brain associated with rewards , became active .
Activity in this area tended to be strongest when both reviewers agreed with the subject .
advertisement
The researchers confirmed the role of the ventral striatum by randomly assigning tokens to the songs and measuring its effect on brain activity ; the ventral striatum was most active when a token was awarded to a song chosen by the subject .
( At the end of the task , the subject knew that they would receive the ten songs with the most tokens . )
" We all like getting rewards and this is reflected in brain activity in the ventral striatum , " says first author Dr Daniel Campbell - Meiklejohn from the Centre of Functionally Integrative Neuroscience , Aarhus University , Denmark .
" Our study shows that our brains respond in a similar way when others agree with us .
One interpretation is that agreement with others can be as satisfying as other , more basic , rewards . "
Once out of the fMRI scanner , the subjects were asked to rate their choices of songs again .
The researchers found that the majority of people had changed their opinions dependent on the experts ' views .
Seven people changed their opinions opposite to the reviewers -- in other words , if the reviewers agreed with their choice , they tended to rate the song lower and vice versa .
However , most subjects appeared to be positively influenced -- they were more likely to increase the rating of one of their songs if the reviewers also liked it and decrease the rating if the reviewers disliked it .
In these subjects , the researchers found a link between activity in their ventral striatum when receiving the song as a reward and the opinions of reviewers : the more positively the song was reviewed , the greater the activity when receiving the song .
" It seems that not only are some people more influenced by the opinions of others , but by looking at activity in the brain , we can tell who those people are , " says Professor Frith .
The research was funded by the Danish National Research Foundation and the Wellcome Trust .
Watched the Dallas feed tonight , obviously , since that was the only feed available .
The Dallas announcers remarked , with admiration , on the Kings ' system of bringing the center back down low in the defensive zone , and how much more difficult that made it on on Dallas forwards .
They also used the phrase , " when you play the L.A. Kings " more than once , and did n't follow it with " you can take the night off " or something similar .
And they were impressed with Jonathan Bernier .
Me , I was nervous .
Like , playoff game nervous .
Jack Johnson 's first game in '07 nervous .
Bernier admitted he was nervous , too .
Terry Murray could n't tell .
As for the game itself , I expect someone will say it had a " playoff atmosphere . "
The Kings looked back on their heels to me .
Stats show that they did a lot of things right ( few giveaways , more hits , decisive face - off advantage ) , but I do n't think I can remember a single Kings scoring chance after their first period goal .
Dallas seemed on the verge of scoring for most of the last forty minutes , and probably deserved a better fate .
But instead the Kings managed to turn a one - goal performance into a win .
You'd think this was one of those " goalie steals one for the team " games , but where are the highlight reel saves ?
Where 's the clip of impossible recoveries and the Stars peppering him with shots and getting turned away as the breathless announcers ratchet up their play - by - play freak - out ( e.g. " e- NOR - mous SAVE ! "
" I do n't believe what I just saw ! " etc. ) ?
There was n't any of that .
All there was , was :
[ shot ] Shloop . [ whistle ] . [ shot ]
Shloop . [ whistle ] . [ shot ] Shloop . [ whistle ] .
Shloop is the sound of Bernier sucking up pucks .
The announcers , I think , were starting to get exasperated as time after time after time the puck would hit Bernier in the chest and stick .
What 's wrong with these Dallas shooters ?
Do n't they know not to shoot where the goalie ISN'T ?
Positioning , and rebound - control .
It 's really really boring .
And if you 're the other team , it causes gnashing of teeth .
Pucks hit him in the logo because he's in the right place .
And there 's no rebound , so , sorry , the play is over , go back to the bench , next !
And , you know , maybe I was too quick to dismiss the " playoff atmosphere " descriptor , because that feeling -- the feeling of a goalie sucking up pucks and everything hitting him in the chest -- that 's a familiar playoff game feeling , when the other team 's goalie has your number , even as the bastard does n't really seem to be doing anything .
It messes with your mind , because it's not just that the other goalie is good , it 's that maybe you suck , or you would n't be hitting him on the crest every ^ % & $ ^# @ *! time .
( The Kings also did a good job of letting him see the shots , which helps . )
Bernier 's positioning , his fundamentals , his conservation of movement , etc. , have all been remarked upon since he was in juniors .
Kings fans have heard about it so much it now just goes in one ear and out the other .
But that 's what it looks like .
Fifteen months ago , when Jonathan Quick was called up from Manchester , much was made of Quick 's superior save percentage ( their numbers were , if memory serves , virtually identical , but Quick had an advantage in save % , something like .920 to .905 ) .
At the time , someone smarter than me pointed out , yeah that 's true , but then Quick faces six more shots per game than Bernier , so his SV % has to be higher .
For a second , I was stumped .
Why would Manchester allow more shots with Quick than with Bernier ?
Then I caught up : rebound control .
Quick faces six more shots because he 's causing the shots by giving up the rebounds .
Bernier , on the other hand , the shots seem to hit him and stick .
" [ Modano / Richards / etc. ] shoots -- save , Bernier . " [ tweet ]
Grrrr .
It 's not sexy stuff , really , except for the result .
And this is why I am so looking forward to 1a and 1b in the Fall .
It 's also why if I'm Terry Murray , Bernier starts again on Sunday .
GP MIN W L EGA GA GAA SA SV SV % SO 2009 - Jonathan Bernier 1 65 1 0 1 0.92 30 29 .967 0
THE REVOLUTION WILL BE PROFITABLE
a documentation of marketing , products , and advertisements that have co-opted revolutionary and radical imagery for the purpose of making money
READER COMMENTS ON
" CA A.G. FINDS 'NO VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL LAW ' IN 'SEVERELY EDITED ' ACORN 'PIMP ' VIDEOS ; RELEASES RAW TAPES FOR FIRST TIME "
( 59 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... TomaHawk said on 4/1/2010 @ 11:42 pm PT ...
Two independent investigations come to the conclusion that committed no wrongs .
To the contrary , it would seem that O'Keefe , Giles , and Breitbart conspired in an act of willful malicious defamation of ACORN .
That defamation has cost ACORN its $ 3.5 million per year of federal assistance that we know of .
Were I on the board of ACORN , I would be in touch with a law firm to sue for damages .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... TomaHawk said on 4/1/2010 @ 11:45 pm PT ...
ooops !
Edit : " conclusion that ACORN employees committed "
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 4/2/2010 @ 12:58 am PT ...
Where is Patty - small - frey and DaleyRocks on this ?
No doubt ( they think ) this is some super - partisan Democratic snowjob to whitewash the unclean ACORN , right guys ?
LOL .
So I guess this means Brad was n't lying ?
He really is n't a big liar ?
Wow , big surprise there .
Just another example where Brad was right on the money , and critics were full of shit .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... PatG in SD said on 4/2/2010 @ 12:58 am PT ...
Excellent job , Brad .
Now if we could just coerce the media to not be quite such douche - bags and traitors to the nation
and to DO AN HONEST JOB FOR ONCE !!!
Fat chance .
We live in a corporatocracy .
Our nation run by the corporations , for the corporations .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 4/2/2010 @ 1:28 am PT ...
I was kidding but sure enough from the comments at pattericos site on this subject ( it is not pattericos comment ) they even used the words partisan , and whitewash .
LOL . :
It ’s no shock that there are thugs and corrupt partisan criminals out there .
What ’s shocking is that an attorney general would try to whitewash it , or try to harm a journalist who told the truth .
This is an attempt to call O’Keefe a zealot liar , which given the claims he is supposed to have lied about , is a damn serious allegation .
We know who the zealot is , Brown .
And I would bet money the last shoe has yet to drop on this story .
They have rope , and they are wrapping it around their necks with glee .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... dawurz said on 4/2/2010 @ 2:05 am PT ...
Submitted to Digg , mostly as a followup to the fun of taking on the deep thinkers there who believe ACORN is evil as much they believe President Obama interned with the Chicago mob .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 4/2/2010 @ 7:48 am PT ...
The Los Angeles Times covered this story in " California probe clears ACORN of criminal activity . "
I did not find any mention of this story in today 's New York Times .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 4/2/2010 @ 7:54 am PT ...
Yeah , I hope ACORN , or whatever entity now remains , sues the ass of these racist bastards .
Still can't get over how sickeningly racist this whole episode was .
And how many people I know who were right - wingers that just delighted in sending me all of the dirt from Faux News on how corrupt these ACORN workers were , shades of welfare queens all over again .
It remains thoroughly disgusting .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 4/2/2010 @ 9:39 am PT ...
The last two times James O'Keefe committed " journalism , " he had to cop a plea to stay out of the slammer .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... torfic said on 4/2/2010 @ 10:37 am PT ...
breitbart is at it again with the fake egg throwing videos they 're putting out to diminish the violence of the right .
even jon stewart fell for it ... again .
i hate false equivalency in news ... and comedy here 's a hint ... anytime you see a cut in ANY video from breitbart okeefe etc.
ANY CUT .
Even a quick cut ... The video is fake
If it 's not raw video , it 's a fraud .
period .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ska -T said on 4/2/2010 @ 12:06 pm PT ...
Top notch reporting and analysis , Brad .
After my 6 decades of life it is sad to see what this country has come to , or refuses to rise above .
How is that deception and lies , lies now proven to be lies , can continue to result in the institutionalized loss of voting rights by minorities and the poor .
Will Congress undo their crime against the now disbanded Acorn ?
Do those in power even give it a passing thought ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 4/2/2010 @ 1:25 pm PT ...
Yes , where is Patterrible to claim his boss is a partisan white - washer , as his readers claim .
Gee , who would give them that impression ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 4/2/2010 @ 2:10 pm PT ...
I would like to hear what Patterico has to say and what he would say of AG Brown
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Jim said on 4/2/2010 @ 2:37 pm PT ...
Oh it was racist ?
LOL .
you guys are something .
You idiots will support anything on the left .
Such lunatics .
I am sure the AG Brown can be trusted . /
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... NoOneYouKnow said on 4/2/2010 @ 2:49 pm PT ...
Solid reporting , Brad .
Anyone else note how odd it is that the MSM and the Dems in Congress jumped on this fraudulent story with such alacrity but have managed to ignore so many true stories of corporate abuse ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 4/2/2010 @ 3:16 pm PT ...
" In most cases , such improper registrations were discovered by ACORN themselves and reported to authorities . "
Brad -
I keep seeing this statement and keep asking if there is any support for it other than the self - serving statements of ACORN itself .
BTW , did you help Moonbeam write his report ?
It sounds like he lifted portions of your posts almost verbatim but you did not get an acknowledgement at the end .
Too bad for you .
Continue defending an organization the employees of which Brown acknowledges were advising Giles and O'Keefe on child prostitution and tax fraud .
I can never get enough of lefties occupying moral high ground like that .
Next time maybe everybody can take it a step further take it to the prosecutable crimes stage in Brown 's eyes .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 4/2/2010 @ 3:38 pm PT ...
Again Daley did you read the full report .
Okeefe edited a lot out including multiple times they were told that Acorn could n't help them .
So we 've gotten to the point where bad advice is a crime .
Where was your belly aching when Yoo , Addington , and Gonzales were giving advice on how to willingly break the law , not theoretically .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 4/2/2010 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
Bob Ross ~ I do n't think Daley reads .
Period .
At least evidenced by his abysmal , embarrassing track record of wrong - i- tudes , here .
No , it would seem to me that his bad intel comes directly to him via Breitbart - blood brother - transfusion .
How else could he ( ahem ) " continue defending Breitbart 's employees ( after which ) even Breitbart admits he was scammed by them " .
Not to mention all the reputable sources now piling on in light of O'Keefe n' Clan 's demonstrable lies ( NYT notwithstanding ) .
But it sure is nice of you to give him the benefit of the doubt , Bob !
While it may be true that O'Keefe will never do any real time and his criminal record will be sanitized thanks to his associations - this , his career - defining scam , has completely unraveled .
Credibility severely chipped .
Amy Goodman picks up on AG Jerry Brown 's report , today : http://www.democracynow.org/
( Acorn info starts @ 9:25 ) .. happy to report she has now corrected her phrasing ( thanks to Brad ) to " videos that APPEAR to show ACORN employees giving advice ... "
Good girl .
Sure do wish she 'd have Brad on .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 4/2/2010 @ 4:09 pm PT ...
...oh , and Daley - the only reason the Left can claim the moral high ground ?
Not because they deserve it , but because their opposition are all such delinquent bottom feeders they can't float up to fight by light .
Enjoy your subterfuge !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/2/2010 @ 6:03 pm PT ...
DaleyRocks wrote : Continue defending an organization the employees of which Brown acknowledges were advising Giles and O'Keefe on child prostitution and tax fraud .
Actually , it 's you who seems to be defending the New York Times , ironically enough .
That said , did you bother to read the report ?
Or even my report on the report ?
For example , where the CA AG notes that the ACORN workers " committed no violation of criminal law " ?
Or where he wrote ( contrary to what you , Patty and the rest of Andy Breitbart 's Tea Bag Boyz have been inaccurately claiming for so long ) , " There is no evidence that any of the ACORN employees had the intent to aid and abet such criminal conduct or agreed to join in [ O ' Keefe and Giles purported ] illegal conduct . ”
Did you miss the part in the AG 's report , or in mine where I described the four ACORN workers that O'Keefe were able to find in the entire state of California ? +
One who told them ACORN could n't not help them do anything with prostitution money .
+ One who turned them into a detective after they left .
+ One who played them for idiots by claiming she murdered her husband ( which Breitbart / O' Keefe still have n't corrected on their posting , btw ) .
+ And the last one who tried to convince Giles to seek help for tortured abuse victims ?
What was the crime you are so concerned about here ?
Because so far , the only crimes appear to have been carried out by O'Keefe and Giles , and yet I do n't see you much concerned about that .
So we know it 's not the Rule of Law you give a damn about it .
What is it exactly ?
Proving that you and Dep. D.A. Patrick " Patterico " Frey and Andy Breitbart and the rest of the Tea Bag Boyz were right , when the facts and reality and all authorities have shown you otherwise ?
Do you really feel that down on urself that you need such validation ?
If so , I understand there 's a torture abuse program in San Diego where you may be able to get some help .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/2/2010 @ 6:06 pm PT ...
Jim @ 14 said :
You idiots will support anything on the left .
Such lunatics .
I am sure the AG Brown can be trusted .
I do n't trust him .
I hope you do n't either .
I do n't trust anybody .
I trust evidence that I can independently verify .
So of that evidence --- and we finally have some available since O'Keefe and Giles agreed to turn over unedited tapes in exchange for immunity from criminal prosecution --- what do you not trust ?
Looks to me , as based on that evidence , that AG Brown was right on the money .
Got evidence to show us otherwise ?
Thanks in advance for it , if so !
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... dot said on 4/2/2010 @ 6:18 pm PT ...
Brad , ... Except that I thought we established here a week or so ago that the Times did , in fact , run a story mentioning the Harshbarger report --- " Acorn on Brink of Bankruptcy , Officials Say " .
Right ?
A nit , but still .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 4/2/2010 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
I 'm no lawyer , but ...
If O'Keefe misrepresented to the Attorney General the contents of the unedited audio --- perhaps by way of fudged transcripts --- he probably broke the terms of his immunity deal and thus can still be prosecuted .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Cosimo diRondo said on 4/2/2010 @ 7:57 pm PT ...
Immunity ?
WTF ?
Why could n't they be compelled to provide the tapes and thrown into jail upon refusal ?
How nice that Brown can cut this deal not to prosecute for the privacy violations .
Should n't maybe the victim be given a say in this matter ?
You know , since it like shut down Acorn and stuff ?
Mission accompliced .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... S in PA said on 4/2/2010 @ 9:09 pm PT ...
Brad , I have a couple of questions that you might want to look into :
Did any of the ACORN employees have an employment contract ( as opposed to at - will employment ) with ACORN ?
And if so , could they sue pimp - daddy James O'Keefe for tortious interference with a contract ?
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Jo Diddy said on 4/2/2010 @ 9:10 pm PT ...
LOL , The Kangaroo COurt system never ceases to amuse me !
Lou
www.anonymous-surfing.us.tc
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 4/2/2010 @ 10:26 pm PT ...
It 's high time that O'Keefe , Giles and Breitbart be exposed for what they are , what they really have done , and who they really did it to .
They need to see the faces of the innocent people they 've crushed in order to get their precious sound - bytes for their bs smear campaign .
I 'm glad the AG 's report has called them out for the liars that they are .
But the tragedy is that a solid ( even if imperfect ) service for impoverished Americans has been axed , just because Giles , O’Keefe and Breitbart all have refused to be forthcoming with their “ evidence ” , and have lied to get their way .
James was a liar from the get go .
James cant help it , he lies about everything ( even the fact that he is , indeed , a conservative . )
And his behavior ( coupled with Breitbart ’s hysterical rhetoric ) should have made it apparent that his " evidence " required the most thorough scrutiny ( personally , when I first saw the tapes I could tell that something was n’t real about it at all . )
At least now it ’s officially clear what the " work " by James and his crew is REALLY all about - constructing fictitious propaganda to take down their political targets ...
“ Abu Gharaib of the Great Society ” , indeed !
What hog - wash !
Now they plan to attack Detroit HUD .
As someone from the Greater Metro Detroit area , i am APPALLED by that .
O'Keefe and Basel claim to go to Detroit as " investigators " , and bypass all the poverty , disinvestment , and chaos which has plagued that city for so long .
Do they care that the city is littered with abandoned buildings and houses , but that SO MANY PEOPLE ARE VISIBLY HOMELESS ?
Do they care about the under - ground arms trade , the drive - by’s , the gangs etc ...?
Do they care that there are people actually living the nightmare which they callously mock in their anti-ACORN theatrics ?
Do they care at all ?
The fact that O’keefe could walk right past places like Cass Corridor or Del Rey , and try to smear yet ANOTHER service for the poor ( one which remains a lifeline for most poor Detroiter ’s ) speaks volumes as to the kind of sociopath we are dealing with .
He ’s like something out of Dickens , “ Are there no prisons ?
Are there no work - houses ? ” I mean , how many more people does this guy want to kick out onto the streets ?
He seems to get - off on that sort of thing .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Nigel said on 4/2/2010 @ 11:45 pm PT ...
I hope someone can hit O'Keefe and Giles with a RICO lawsuit .
Not to mention civil lawsuits where you just need a simple majority to win .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 4/3/2010 @ 7:26 am PT ...
The CONTROLLED MEDIA is making it obvious that FASCISM has indeed confirmed itself .
http://seminal.firedoglake.com/diary/38690
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... jimbo92107 said on 4/3/2010 @ 8:34 am PT ...
Definitely ACORN was defamed by O'Keefe 's doctored , falsely incriminating videos .
Definitely his bogus videos were used as the reason Congress cut ACORN 's funding , costing the organization millions of dollars .
Sounds like a solid basis for a lawsuit .
Does n't ACORN have any lawyers ?
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/3/2010 @ 8:37 am PT ...
Slippery Rocks # 16 sez : Continue defending an organization the employees of which Brown acknowledges were advising Giles and O'Keefe on child prostitution and tax fraud .
I can never get enough of lefties occupying moral high ground like that .
Next time maybe everybody can take it a step further take it to the prosecutable crimes stage in Brown 's eyes .
Slippery Rocks ,
Now that the raw unedited videos from the CA " interviews " are available so that we can all make up our own minds up about what the ACORN reps were doing ( AND what Giles and O'Keefe were doing ! ) perhaps you can point us to a particular video and a particular time in that video that backs up what you say ?
* plays jeopardy theme music again , again * I look forward to seeing them all .
It may take me a couple of days to get through them all .
So far , I 've seen the 1st two from LA .
I saw O'Keefe ask a rep from ACORN housing over and over again if ACORN would discriminate against them because they were in a prostitution business , and if he or ACORN would help them get set up in a house so they could run their prostitution business .
The answer was consistently " no " to both questions , even after Giles " clarified " that she needed the house to be safe from abuse .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... wcr said on 4/3/2010 @ 10:55 am PT ...
Great work Brad .
Of course , your new mission , should you chose to accept it , is to make sure Brown and Schwarzenegger both are politically disgraced .
Brown could have worked with prosecutors to file criminal charges and compelled production of the evidence in discovery .
As it is , both B - S ( that ca n't be accidental ) had an interest in making sure ACORN was neutralized politically and they purposely pursued this in a way that left them and these two scumbags off the hook .
" I can hire one - half of the working class to kill the other half . " widely attributed to railroad magnate Jay Gould during the Great Southwest Railroad Strike of 1886 .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... bonze said on 4/3/2010 @ 12:07 pm PT ...
Was O'Keefe only granted immunity from violation of privacy laws ?
If so , is n't he still liable for prosecution for falsely representing that a felony was committed ?
In San Diego , the matter was even reported to SDPD human smuggling division .
In most places , is n't falsely representing the commission of a felony also a crime ?
If his immunity is limited to the privacy laws , I would think he is still subject to criminal prosecution in California .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 4/3/2010 @ 12:10 pm PT ...
Bead -
You use an awful lot of misdirection and obfuscation to mask a simple difference of opinion .
You are defending an organization the employees of which were caught on video advising Giles and O'Keefe how to maintain a child prostitution business , commit tax fraud and mortgage fraud .
I am against such activities because I have a moral compass .
The IRS , the Census Bureau , both houses of Congress and apparently ACORN 's major donors agree with me .
Even ACORN itself voluntarily shut down last September due to the scandal .
In order to take your position you have constructed a narrative out of whole cloth five months after the videos were released that the affected parties could have taken on day one yet they did not .
They knew it was a losing battle .
You stand on ridiculous points such O'Keefe did not claim he was a pimp in the videos .
Guess what Brad , I do n't see on your web site where you explicitly claim to be a shill for any and every progressive left cause , but people can see that you are from the videos you post and posts that you write .
It 's the same with the ACORN videos .
O'Keefe posed as a pimp .
The Brooklyn DA confirmed it in her news release saying there would be no prosecution .
There are no if , ands , or buts about it .
People do not have to see him say the words " I am a pimp " to understand his function relative to Giles no matter how much you obfuscate .
You keep repeating that the videos were heavily edited .
So what .
How does the editing change the substance of what was originally released ?
Nobody has shown that it does .
Brown makes the point that O'Keefe was not objective .
So what ?
How does that change the appalling conduct revealed of the ACORN employees ?
It does n't .
Brown 's report itself is not objective .
It reads like an apologia for ACORN rather than an objective investigation , but why should we be surprised .
Does the fact that Brown found no prosecutable crimes in his limited investigation matter ?
Not in the least .
As I indicated , people with a sense of shame made their decisions last fall , ACORN 's donors , Congress , the IRS , the Census Bureau , ACORN itself , and numerous others .
You and your loony fringe lefty chorus are welcome to create your deluded narrative to defend a corrupt organization .
As I said , I can't get enough of the left defending that moral high ground .
Brad -
I have not seen you address the dismissal of the illegal recording suit ACORN filed in Maryland against O'Keefe and Giles .
It was dismissed by the judge due to the lapse of time .
ACORN never served it on the defendants .
Why was that ?
Also , I 'm still waiting for support on your statement that ACORN identifies questionable voter registrations for state election authorities , other than ACORN PR releases .
Do you fact check anything here ?
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 4/3/2010 @ 12:36 pm PT ...
Teabag in a wing - nutshell : " You keep repeating that the videos were heavily edited .
So what . " ... DALEYROCKS said on 4/3/2010 @ 12:10 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 4/3/2010 @ 1:25 pm PT ...
# 34 ~ " ... I 'm still waiting for support on your statement that ACORN identifies questionable voter registrations for state election authorities ... "
Seriously ?...
You can't read and you 're Google - immune ?
That info is common knowledge , referenced in just about every ( legitimate , non-Foxified ) report filed on the subject .
Not that you will read them , you wo n't .
Or dare to consider any independent sources outside of your already discredited propagandists as anything BUT " Acorn PR " ... I know you wo n't .
You 've got a " Truthiness " problem , and it 's widely on display in these comment threads .
What is true , and what you wish was true , are square pegs to round holes and we have all seen you blindly kamikaze divebomb the full weight of your intellectual heft on the task of forcing a fit .
( Ballsy for a feather - weight , so kudos ! )
But here are just a few ( non ACORN PR ) related links to whet your high frequency dog whistle :
http://prorev.com/2008/1...-over-alleged-false.html " ... We have [ to ] review all the applications submitted by our canvassers .
When we have identified suspicious applications , we have separated them out and flagged them for election officials .
We have zero tolerance for fraudulent registrations .
We immediately dismiss employees we suspect of submitting fraudulent registrations ... "
http://www.progressillin...08/10/18/indy-star-acorn
" ... that ACORN was required by law to turn in all registrations it received from its canvassers in Lake County , IN and that it separated the forms it suspected as fraudulent ... "
Oohhh - here 's a right wing / anti-ACORN rag - you 'll like this one ( outside of the part where they validate that ACORN flags it 's own fraudulent registrations and turns them over to B.O.E.'s ... )
http://pajamasmedia.com/...de-to-acorn-voter-fraud/
" Acorn flags the suspect registrations for elections boards ... " and " In October 2006 , St. Louis election officials discovered at least 1,492 “ potentially fraudulent ” voter registration cards .
They were all turned in by ACORN volunteers ...
In November 2006 , 20,000 to 35,000 questionable voter registration forms were turned in by ACORN officials in Missouri ... "
Are you as sick of yourself as we are ?
Maybe the reason you do n't know what the rest of us do and keep getting you ass handed to you in these sad attempts at debate is that your SOURCES SUCK at telling you the truth .
Pretty clear to anyone with a pulse that you should n't continue to trust them , let alone defend them .
I guess your moral center has a cloak of invisibility button .
How convenient .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 4/3/2010 @ 1:45 pm PT ...
Found this recent article doing DR's ( # 34's ) homework .
Huff Po's Peter Dreier ( w/ John Atlas ) has a robust article on the ACORN Hoax / HOYT 's deception : " In fact , ACORN never engaged in voter fraud .
When ACORN ramped up for its massive voter registration campaigns , it hired thousands of part - time staff , a few of whom tried to beat the system and get paid while handing in phony registrations .
ACORN 's quality - control procedures --- phone - verifying every card , flagging problematic cards , and identifying offending workers for local officials --- caught people trying to register under false names or multiple times .
After ACORN reported these problem , politicians , mostly Republicans , used them against ACORN in the media and in the legal process . "
http://www.huffingtonpos...acorn-fell_b_510285.html
( DR , this one is n't for you .
It 's clearly ACORN PR so do n't bust a nut not reading it , forming an uneducated opinion about it , and mouthing off about it , anyway .
It 's becoming so passe for you . )
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 4/3/2010 @ 2:04 pm PT ...
Sorry , but it seems once I pop , I just can't stop !
Here 's a GEM of a piece from MEDIA MATTERS regarding Foxs News ' outright debunking / belittling / poor reporting of this very fact that DR and the rest of his nefarious , nutty - bunches of cluster - buddies have such trouble ingesting : " On the October 14 edition of Fox News ' America 's Newsroom , co-host Megyn Kelly mocked the statement by the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) that it was required under Florida law to submit a voter registration form filed under the name " Mickey Mouse " to the Orange County , Florida , board of elections .
After co-host Bill Hemmer noted that the board of elections had rejected the form in question , and that " ACORN says they are required to turn in every application that is filled out , even if it says Mickey Mouse , " Kelly asserted : " I love that , they 've got the obligation to submit it no matter what it says .
Mickey Mouse , Jive Turkey , which we saw yesterday .
How are we to know ? "
An October 14 St. Petersburg
Times article reporting on the " Mickey Mouse " registration form quoted Brian Kettenring , whom the Times identified as " ACORN 's head organizer in Florida , " as asserting : " We must turn in every voter registration card by Florida law , even Mickey Mouse . "
Indeed , under Florida law , entities withholding voter registration forms face a fine of $ 1,000 for each registration they withhold .
http://mediamatters.org/research/200810140010
Adding this shocker : I found NO ( 0 ) Google hits for reports of this very salient fact from Fox News .
( Lora , righto !
Now that the unedited videos are out , it 's so game over .
We can flash mob the internet with the most appalling displays of O'Keefe 's / Giles ' entrapment / the extent to which they played on the sympathies of fellow humans to meet their meanest ends .
I look forward to your further video analysis . )
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 4/3/2010 @ 2:16 pm PT ...
... and what 's with Megyn Kelly 's " Jive Turkey " comment ?
From Micky Mouse to Jive Turkey ?
Wow .
Now THAT 's improv .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 4/3/2010 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
# 36 One of your funnier ones , Jeannie
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... newmexicofan said on 4/3/2010 @ 6:08 pm PT ...
dear bradblog
I am still loving the content of your website as an informative and factual source of information .
You are still one of the best investigators around and doing good work on this issue where the nyt is falling flat on it's face .
I however am having a issue today .
I was wondering if u could release those vidoes in a mp4 or ogg movie format as i am using a non microsoft operating system that does not reconize wmv format .
If it is not up to you could u please ask who responsible to do so .
If there is some other issue that prevents you from doing so please mention it so i know why it had to be that way .
oh , and keep up the good work brad .
You are definitely someone who 's blog i visit in the future !
signed ... newmexicofan
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/3/2010 @ 6:19 pm PT ...
NewMexicoFan -
Thanks for the kind words .
It 's mutual ( I like New Mexico !
The CA AG released the videos in WMV format .
The process of converting and re-uploading is somewhat of a chore at this point .
However , there are many free converters available out there that you should , if you like , be able to use .
If you 're not and someone else reading this has the opportunity to do so , and wants to send me the links to converted versions , I 'll be happy to add links to them .
If you 're unable to do the conversion on your own , and nobody else steps up , I 'll take a look at doing such conversions myself .
It 's not difficult , just a fairly time - intensive slog .
Perhaps once I get the unedited versions from the other states I can try to do them all at once for ya if its still necessary .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/3/2010 @ 9:00 pm PT ...
Slippery Rocks @ 34's rant did not include a single reference to any part of any of the unedited videos to back up his repetitive assertions that O'Keefe posed as a pimp , the behavior of the ACORN reps was appalling , and ACORN is a corrupt organization .
Now we 're supposed to believe that Brown 's investigation was worthless and that the editing did n't matter .
I have now watched part 3 of the LA videos ( and studied the transcript , as the sound quality was terrible ) and I can report on the " appalling behavior " of LaVelle , who wanted Giles to speak with someone from the Program for Torture Victims after Giles described the abuse she received at the hands of her pimp .
( Gee , the " pimp " was NOT O'Keefe !
O'Keefe expressed a desire to set her up " independent . "
And Giles expressed a wish to be independent . )
LaVelle also said that " God is good " because Giles was still alive .
Later , O'Keefe asked LaVelle again for the umpteenth time if ACORN would discriminate against them because of prostitution , this time making mention of the 14 - 15 year - old girls :
James :
A lot of people say , you know , they hear about the 14 , 15 - year - old girls , and they ’re like , are you kidding me ?
I ’m not gonna touch that .
Like you ’re not gonna be judgmental about those 15 - year - old girls coming overseas ?
LaVelle ( Acorn ) :
Well you know what ?
You know what I ’m not gonna be judgmental of the fact that this lady who ’s in front of me wants to help them .
Although LaVelle eventually offers to " do research " as a personal favor for Giles and her business , she does n't actually give out any advice on the prostitution business at all .
She remains friendly , polite , and non-committal during the majority of the interview and seems genuinely concerned for Giles ' welfare and impressed with Giles ' expressed desire to help the girls coming from " overseas . "
Truly appalling , is n't it ?
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 4/3/2010 @ 10:06 pm PT ...
Daley 34 ...
Again you rant and rave about supposed moral problems you have with bad advice that was not criminal .
Your rant basically says that nevermind that OKeefe constructed a false narrative , lied , bullshitted , defamed an organization , the ends justify the means .
I find it funny how you go on and on about Acorn being " morally corrupt " yet have no complaints to what O'keefe did which by your logic would be equally morally corrupt .
You complain on and on about your supposed values , which we both know are selective and nonexistent ; meanwhile you have no overzealousness towards corporations such as Haliburton and Dyncorp which rob the average taxpayer for vasts sums of money while they have been guilty of running prostitution rings , hurting our troops , building faulty facilities .
Not a peep from you instead you 'll focus on supposed " moral crimes " that you think Acorn committed .
Donors and congress acted based on little to no information .
That 's how propaganda works , it 's based on the ignorance of the viewer .
I would n't expect your extremist brethren to understand that .
I doubt you read any reports on the voter registration issue Daley .
Acorn was defrauded by their own employees who were fired and prosecuted .
Why do you whine so much about a company with no power and a 25 million dollar annual budget while other companies fuck over the average taxpayer 100 fold every year while committing real crimes .
Where is your moral compass then ?
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 4/3/2010 @ 10:54 pm PT ...
Maddow gets it !
Friday night 's broadcast devoted a full 10 min segment to the ACORN HOAX / Climategate and the fake outrage these Fox supported scandals have ginned up : " Rachel calls bull - pucky "
http://www.msnbc.msn.com...bc_tv-rachel_maddow_show
" It might have been a tip off early on when Mr. O'Keefe refused to release unedited versions of what he actually taped in those ACORN offices ... "
She 's calling it the " unmooring of politics from fact " ...
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 4/3/2010 @ 11:31 pm PT ...
Jeannie @ 37 - I understand there is a requirement for people registering voters to turn in all completed forms , but thanks for repeating the obvious .
That 's not the point I was questioning .
It is the point I have seen unsupported by all but one person other than ACORN with direct knowledge of the facts , that ACORN flags suspicious voter registrations for election officials .
It is an urban myth on the left that this is a fact because it has been repeated so many times , usually by ACORN or its apologists .
I have only seen one election official touch on it , one from Indiana , who said ACORN flagged some suspicious registrations .
I can't tell if that is the same one you excepted .
Your Atlas and Dreier quote is a pure fabrication on their part .
Check out the exhibits to the DOJ investigations into ACORN that were just spiked .
They show only 20 - 30 of registrations are QC'd .
You can find the material at Judicialwatch.org .
Dreier is also a consultant to ACORN and Atlas has done work for them in the past as well .
So now that Brad has the unedited video he was clamoring for , what part of it contradicts the " heavily edited " portions released publicly ?
That would be fun to hear about .
Brad - Did O'Keefe pose as a pimp ?
That 's a simple yes or no question .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 4/4/2010 @ 8:36 am PT ...
# 46 Once again you keep repeating the same question which was already answered .
I answered this for you last time you asked it in another thread and you never responded to it .
NO
Okeefe did not present himself as or pose as a pimp .
He presented himself as a college student , a law student , or a banker .
He did not state that Giles would work for him , that he owned her or that he would get clients for her .
Each of those things a pimp does and in fact he stated he was not her pimp that someone else was .
So no he never posed as her pimp and thus far even the unedited videos from California prove such .
You continue going on and on about something you have little knowledge of .
Even Pajama media said that ACORN flags suspicious voter registrations .
Your lack of knowledge on the subject is appalling .
Even one official commenting on it is more than enough yet you continue going on and on with your rants as if you somehow know better than that official in Indiana .
Did you even watch the unedited video from California ?
They were told repeatedly NO .
Which destroys the false narrative that you 've commented on that every office was willing to help .
They were n't .
Continue running your mouth Daley you have no legs to stand on .
You support someone who in your logic is morally corrupt and only targets organizations that help the least of us .
I 'm waiting to see his expose on charities run by the church next since he has a penchant for targeting poor people .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Heil Mary said on 4/4/2010 @ 10:45 am PT ...
DaleyRocks has NO moral compass because he has no problem with ACTUAL AND ADMITTED child abuse committed by GOP pols , funders , military contractors and the Catholic Church !
Here is a possible fitting new gig for O'Thief and Hoochie Ho Hannah : CATCHING CATHOLIC CLERGY on camera abusing kids ! --- what !?
the dastardly duo are n't interested ??
Oh , I see ! --- O'Thief and Holy Ho's idea of vigilante justice is SMEARING ABUSE VICTIMS as " liars and gold diggers " !
I hope victims punk the CRIMINAL duo soon with their own hidden cameras .
Fair is fair .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... jh said on 4/4/2010 @ 2:24 pm PT ...
It is astonishing how little real scrutiny Rove - wannabe O'Keefe has received by the corporate media .
O'Keefe and friends seem to have engaged in a very elaborate and lengthy plan to take down ACORN , by hook or by crook .
So was Breitbart funding all these involved sting attempts , and video editing sessions ?
Who was funding Breitbart ?
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Thomas L. Carroll said on 4/4/2010 @ 4:29 pm PT ...
I spent my life growing up in Southern California and interacted with the judicial system regarding both civil and criminal matters on a host of issues throughout my life .
My personal interaction is in addition to having a father who recently retired from the district attorney 's office in Los Angeles and having lifelong friendship with the top prosecutor in the Redondo Beach office , Bud Smith .
In all my experience with the courts and knowledge of their procedures , that plus , just knowing the normal prosecutors rigid guidelines and procedures , make it painfully obvious what a scam O'Keefe and Breitbart on all Americans .
How are they capable of contaminating the entire judicial process here , so much that they were given a blanket immunity for what resulted in their breaking the law , in order to frame an innocent organization and undermine the district attorneys office who gave immunity without prior knowledge or screening of material is just outside anything imaginable of our judicial to do .
Such an act is not possible without a serious bribe .
These people are a cancer , just like their main contaminant host FOX .
In order for our society to regain its Independents and people once again appreciate real freedom we must have access to an impartial judiciary capable of withstanding outside monetary influence and we must regain control over the airwaves , OUR AIRWAVES !
They began the attack on the judiciary with the recent Supreme court decision US citizens , this will allow judges to accept corporate funds and eventually exclude citizens access to the courts .
They already have the airwaves and we allowed our society to lower its standards to that of the Fat Fascist of Florida and his counterpart equal in ability to lie on any issue .
Lie with wreck less abandon regardless of the destruction associated with the lies .
There is NO TIME LEFT .
if you enjoy freedom and like to own property , use it without fear of someone just taking it from you , GET UP OFF YOUR ASS .
Fascist take what they want , when they want it .
Women you think things are bad now , just look at what happened to women under Stalin , Hitler , or with the Shaw of Iran , in the Philippines under Marcos .
There are countless examples where you can observe the changes from beginning to end .
Any true American could not last living under some were hungry tyrant like Glen Beck , Rush Bimbo , etc..
Stop the COUP ! , NOW !
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 4/4/2010 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
Thomas -
The Attorney General 's office granted immunity , not the DA .
Reading Jerry Brown 's biased report I think it highly unlikely he was bribed in any way by Breitbart et. al .
Even though his report suggests otherwise , more likely he knew he had a crappy case .
What expectations of privacy do people have conducting conversations in hallways or conference rooms with open doors ?
In the Maryland illegal recording case ACORN filed against O'Keefe and Giles , ACORN did not even go to the trouble of serving the defendants and it was dismissed by the judge due to the passage of time .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/4/2010 @ 5:57 pm PT ...
Partisan agendist DaleyRocks @ 51 said : Reading Jerry Brown 's biased report
Other than the facts that you do n't like the findings in it , what is " biased " about it ?
He lays out his case , supplies the evidence for it .
So what is biased about it ?
( Other than , as I said , you do n't like his findings , even though they are in synch w/ every other official body that 's looked at the same case so far ) .
Even though his report suggests otherwise , more likely he knew he had a crappy case .
What expectations of privacy do people have conducting conversations in hallways or conference rooms with open doors ?
Every expectation .
Particularly as O'Keefe asked if the conversations would be confidential , and the ACORN workers assured as much .
Nice try though .
Seriously , is it simply beyond the capacity of you , LA County Deputy D.A. Patrick " Patterico " Frey and the rest of Andy Breitbart 's Tea Bag Boyz to see anything other than through your partisan goggles on anything ?
Seriously .
Democrats could use some serious opposition out there .
You guys are letting them get away with murder ( literally , in many cases ) , because you 've become such a joke .
I wish to hell a grownup would appear somehow , somewhere in your party to pull it out of the 7th grade , and back to the needed job of legitimacy .
This country dearly needs it .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/4/2010 @ 8:26 pm PT ...
Slippery Rocks @ 46 sez :
It is the point I have seen unsupported by all but one person other than ACORN with direct knowledge of the facts , that ACORN flags suspicious voter registrations for election officials .
It is an urban myth on the left that this is a fact because it has been repeated so many times , usually by ACORN or its apologists .
OK , Slippery Rocks , time to ante up .
How about YOU support your implication that ACORN did NOT flag suspicious voter registrations ?
Why do you think that they did not ?
Where 's your evidence to support this , other than Fox or Breitbart 's say - so ?
Talk about your urban myth , orchestrated and perpetuated by the right - wing haters .
Sorry , too late to watch another unedited ACORN video tonight .
Maybe tomorrow .
But clearly the LA videos do not show anything close to resembling appalling conduct by members of a corrupt organization .
In fact , the only appalling conduct I saw was by O'Keefe and Giles , who kept pushing and badgering ACORN housing reps , trying to play on their sympathy and friendliness to get admissions that could be twisted around to look like they were happily encouraging morally bankrupt behavior .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Shirley Anderson said on 4/5/2010 @ 5:02 am PT ...
I have worked in customer service for a very long time .
You do NOT give people bad advice , you do NOT say in private what you would not say in public and they should have been detained on the premises which is what would have happened HERE .
ACORN has to take responsibility for badly trained Customer Service officers .
They have only themselves to blame for making ACORN appear to assist a prostitute and her boyfriend in illegal matters .
If It was the kind of organisation you portray it to have been , Brad , no amount of attack by " right wingers " could have done any damage .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Post Conviction said on 4/5/2010 @ 9:22 am PT ...
There are options as to what one 's lawyer can do post - conviction .
Reading this gives the viewer a sense of what steps can be taken afterwords .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/5/2010 @ 6:07 pm PT ...
Shirley @ 54 writes : " I have worked in customer service for a very long time . "
" You do NOT give people bad advice , ... " Bad Advice From ABC
News " ... you do NOT say in private what you would not say in public ... "
Hannah ( Eden ) :
Um , the pimp that I worked for in Miami
LaVelle ( Acorn ) :
Uh huh
Hannah ( Eden ) :
sold me
LaVelle ( Acorn ) :
Okay .
Hannah ( Eden ) :
to a pimp in Los Angeles .
LaVelle ( Acorn ) :
Okay .
Hannah ( Eden ) :
Um , I was extremely upset about that because I loved Miami ,
LaVelle ( Acorn ) :
Okay .
Hannah ( Eden ) :
and I ’m having a tough time adjusting here .
LaVelle ( Acorn ) :
Hmm .
Hannah ( Eden ) :
Um , and I kind of be also transportation being shipped across the country , um , gave me a desire to be on my own .
LaVelle ( Acorn ) :
Hmm ,
Hannah ( Eden ) :
And not subject to
LaVelle ( Acorn ) :
Good .
Hannah ( Eden ) :
and , and the guy here is extremely abusive .
LaVelle ( Acorn ) :
Okay .
[ LaVelle has been growing restless during this conversation --- here she gets up and starts to move the conversation out of the public front - desk area to the relatively more private hallway --- on their way to the door that says " Program for Torture Victims . " ] " ... and they should have been detained on the premises ... "
For example , California Penal Code mandates : A private person may arrest another : 1 . For a public offense committed or attempted in his presence .
2 . When the person arrested has committed a felony , although not in his presence .
3 . When a felony has been in fact committed , and he has reasonable cause for believing the person arrested to have committed it .
( C.P.C. 837 ) .
Which of these three reasons applies here ?
" ACORN has to take responsibility for badly trained Customer Service officers .
They have only themselves to blame for making ACORN appear to assist a prostitute and her boyfriend in illegal matters . "
I suppose repeated badgering , insisting on help and advice , asking questions over and over again to get an answer that they could twist with their selective biased editing had nothing to do with it then ....
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Leesa said on 4/9/2010 @ 3:53 pm PT ...
brad ,
You seem like an angry young white man .
Give it a rest .
Get you facts straight .
Fox aired unedited video months ago .
It seems to me all you and your ilk want to do is keep blacks and others down where you think they belong .
I pray for you .
Sincerely in Christ ,
Leesa C .
Eph.2:8,9
Proud black Hispanic 3rd generation republican
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/10/2010 @ 2:08 pm PT ...
Leesa @ 57 incorrectly wrote :
Get you facts straight .
Fox aired unedited video months ago .
Of course , they absolutely did not .
Which is why AG Brown ended up trading immunity from criminal prosecution in exchange for the unedited videos which O'Keefe , Giles and Breitbart had previously refused to release publicly .
We have a rule against the posting of ' knowing disinformation " in comments here on The BRAD BLOG .
While I do n't know if you actually knew that information was incorrect previously , now you do .
So please consider yourself warned .
Post the same disinfo again , and you will not be commenting here for long .
Thank you .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Think Buzz said on 4/17/2010 @ 6:45 pm PT ...
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Kasubi Tombs
The Bantu speaking Baganda people created the state of Uganda from a small territory during the late 19th century , under their kabakas , or Buganda kings .
The territory had little or no contact with the outside world until the middle of the 19th century , when Arab slavers penetrated the interior .
The first of the Buganda Kings was Kabaka Muteesa I , born in 1837 at the Batandabezaala Palace .
He ascended the throne upon the death of his father in October 1856 .
He built himself a palace on the Kasubi Hill in 1881 , and was buried there in a tomb when he died in 1884 .
Interestingly enough , he was the first of his line to be buried with his jawbone .
Traditionally , the jawbone was placed in a shrine because it was believed to contain the spirit of the deceased .
Three other kings were buried in the Kasubi Hill tombs .
All three men were Kabaka Muteesa ’s successors and all were unique in their own remarkable ways .
Muzibu Azaala Mpanga Building
Source
The Entrance to the Kasubi Hill Tombs
Source
The Buganda king Kabaka Muteesa I was known to play each religion , along with their colonial powers , against each other .
His son Kabaka Mwanga II Mukasa took a more violent approach , however .
He roasted Christian converts alive on a spit and survived a civil war against him by the Muslims and the Christians in the 1880’s .
He finally died in exile in 1903 .
His son , Duadi Chwa II reigned for 36 years and his son Edward Muteesa II was disposed of in 1966 after Uganda had gained independence .
Edward II died in London three years later , but his remains were brought back to the Kasubi tombs in 1971 .
Laser Scan of Muzibu Azaala Mpanga
Source ( Laser scan will be used for reconstruction of the Kasubi Hill Tombs )
There are four Buganda Kings , as well as several other royal family members buried in the Kasubi Hill Tombs , however small houses nearby were constructed to house the remains of the widows of the Kabakas .
The Kasubi Hill Tombs of the Buganda kings were built with organic materials in a traditional style of Ganda architecture and palace design , reflecting years of technical advancement .
The domed construction and thatched circular building is said to be the largest of its kind .
The Baganda people used reeds and " bark cloth " , supported by wooden poles and reed fences with a reed gateway , to support the massive structure .
Source
Kept inside of the Kasubi Hill Tombs are several former kabaka 's possessions including Muteesa I ’s pet leopard , which is now stuffed , weapons and spears , fetish objects , and various musical instruments including drums .
There is a curtained off area for royal ceremonies and consultations with the spirit world and the ancestors .
Today , the Kasubi Hill Tombs are a UNESCO World Heritage site .
Latest News : Unfortunately , a fire destroyed the Kasubi Hill Tombs on March 16 , 2010 .
Also check out :
How much more ( or less ) money do you spend on groceries than you do on dining out ?
How does it compare to how others spend ?
Bundle , a new online destination that aims to describe how we spend money , takes a look at the grocery - dining out breakdown in major cities .
The average household in Austin spends the most money on food per year , period .
Atlanta has the highest skew towards spending on dining out at 57 % .
The US average is 37 % .
Make More , Spend More
Of course , before you jump to any conclusions about what city has the fattest citizens , there are plenty of other factors to consider like cost of living or how fit a city is as a whole .
Maybe a city just happens to exercise a lot ( so they eat more to compensate for lost calories ) and the cost of living is high ( so meals are more expensive ) .
Put that aside for a second though , and there is one simple truth : “ The more we spend , the more we like caviar . ”
The data reflects , generally , what we already suspect about our own behavior :
How much we spend on food — like how much we spend on anything — is most directly a result of how much money we have .
People making $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 spent $ 5,560 on food in 2009 .
People making more than $ 125,000 spent $ 12,655 — more than double .
Did they buy twice as much food ?
Not likely , says Hayden Stewart , an economist at the US Department of Agriculture : they buy more expensive food .
“ Better cuts of meat , more organic foods , more gourmet or prepared foods — they all cost more , and when people have the money , they ’re often willing to pay . ”
Conversely , this would explain why Detroit , who we know has had economic hardships lately , is at the very bottom .
You ca n’t spend money you do n’t have .
Read more about the analysis and methodology here .
Where does your city rank ?
Console Font
Assignment for Graphic Design course @ I/M/D , KABK , Den Haag .
If anyone has better ideas for the ' G ' , ' 5 ' or any other letter , please let me know :)
Poster and style inspired by the Objectified poster .
All letters are made up of gaming hardware , consoles or parts of consoles , some of these are quite obscure .
Consollection was very useful in making this .
http://consollection.de/
If anyone is wondering what a certain letter is made up of , feel free to ask me .
Download font here :
It ’s been almost a month since a BP oil tanker exploded off the coast of Louisiana , leaving a gushing oil well that has not stopped since .
There is still no certain measure of the amount of oil being released into the Gulf of Mexico , and Keith Olbermann believes there ’s a very good reason for that : BP , he claims , has a financial incentive in not measuring the spill , because the amount of oil released is what juries use to determine fines .
On last night ’s Countdown , Olbermann accused BP of “ preventing anyone from measuring the oil , ” and noted that , because the amount of oil is necessary to determine how much money BP will be fined , the company has been doing everything they can to make it more difficult to measure the amount , including introducing toxic dispersants into the ocean :
We were lied to .
BP knew determining the amount quickly was critical , but the company had a financial incentive to prevent anyone to prevent what it was .
We were also told that dispersants , both undersea and from the air , were the best way to deal with the oil , to prevent it from reaching shore , but environmental advocates testified today that dispersants , where are considered themselves toxic , make it more difficult to remove the oil , not less .
“ BP has a massive financial incentive to prevent people from measuring the spill , ” he continued , because juries determine fines based on the amount of oil released .
The more oil they can measure , the higher the fine .
Olbermann also had water quality expert Taylor Kirschenfeld , who has been near the Gulf and is using an independent laboratory to study the oil washing ashore , on the show for further scientific analysis .
Video of the segment below :
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Nous vous proposons la clé d’un référencement réussi combiné à une approche marketing ciblée et performante .
I once read that some adventurer 's club back in the day got ahold of some mammoth / mastadon meat from an animal that was dug up out of some glacier .
They promptly threw it on the grill and had a big cookout .
Word is that while the meat was still safe to eat , it tasted rotten due to age .
See , while deep - freezing meat will keep it from spoiling and growing bacteria that is harmful to humans , simply freezing the meat wo n't prevent the muscle tissue from breaking down over time .
In order to prevent that from happening , you 'd probably need to be able to get near absolute zero temperatures .
London , England ( CNN ) -- Gordon Brown resigned as British prime minister Tuesday paving the way for David Cameron to replace him .
Gordon Brown announced his intention outside 10 Downing Street -- the prime ministerial residence - before being driven to Buckingham Palace where he formally handed his resignation to the queen .
About one hour after Brown 's resignation statement , Cameron -- leader of the right - wing Conservative Party -- became prime minister .
Brown said : " My resignation as leader of the Labour Party will take effect immediately . "
Brown said he loved the job of prime minister not for pomp and ceremony , but " for its potential to make this country I love fairer , more tolerant , more green , more democratic , more prosperous and more just . "
He called the job the " second most important I could ever hold , " but said he looked forward to spending more time in the first -- husband and father .
He said earlier that he would recommend Cameron as his replacement .
The Conservatives won the largest number of seats , but not enough to let them govern on their own .
Brown 's left - wing Labour Party came in second , and the Liberal Democrats third .
Nick Clegg 's Liberal Democrats first started coalition talks with the Conservatives , then began meetings with Labour .
It was not immediately clear if the Conservatives plan to form a minority government on their own or go into a coalition with the Liberal Democrats .
Neither Cameron nor Clegg made any immediate statement after Brown 's resignation , which ended 13 years of Labour government in the United Kingdom , first under Tony Blair , and under Brown since 2007 .
Cameron would be Queen Elizabeth II 's 13th prime minister -- including Harold Wilson twice , for his two non-consecutive terms -- since she was crowned in 1952 .
Brown announced Monday he would step down later in the year , a move seen as clearing the way for a potential Labour - Liberal Democrat alliance .
But talks between the two ended just after lunch Tuesday , with no word on the outcome or when the talks might resume .
Full election coverage
A senior Labour party politician told CNN Tuesday that the party was right to have talked to Clegg 's party .
But Labour should now go into opposition , former Lord Chancellor Charles Falconer said .
Labour has been in power for 13 years .
Shortly after the Labour - Lib Dem talks ended , Liberal Democrat negotiators entered a meeting with the Conservative Party .
" We believe very strongly that there should be a government with a strong and secure majority in the House of Commons , and of course with an elected prime minister , " Conservative negotiator William Hague said as he entered the meeting .
" We remain very firmly of that view .
We set out our proposals to achieve that yesterday , and we have come here to hear the Liberal Democrats ' response . "
Labour negotiator and Cabinet member Ed Balls told Sky News before Tuesday 's talks that the two parties had areas of agreement and disagreement , " but also , the country needs a stable government , and that 's what we 've got to see if we can achieve . "
As he left his home Tuesday before the talks , Clegg said he was hoping to " clear up everything " soon .
Will a coalition be bad for Britain ?
" I'm as impatient as anybody else to get on with this , to resolve matters one way or another , " Clegg said .
Over the weekend and again on Monday , the Liberal Democrats held talks with the Conservatives , who received the most votes in last Thursday 's election but not enough to form a majority .
One possibility is a coalition between the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives , which would give the latter the majority they need in the House of Commons .
The parties remain far apart on key policies , however .
Conservative leader Cameron said Tuesday morning he had made a " very open , very reasonable offer " to the Liberal Democrats during the discussions and that it was now " decision time " for Clegg 's party .
" I hope they make the right decision , " Cameron said outside his London home .
Brown announced Monday he was stepping down as head of the Labour Party , which effectively means he is leaving the post of prime minister , but it wo n't happen right away .
He said he hoped a new leader would be in place by the next party conference , scheduled for September .
Top Labour party members declined to speculate Tuesday on Brown 's replacement .
Multi-national corporations are waging a war against humanity .
This may sound like an exaggerated claim , but it 's literally true as this video shows .
But they 're not using bullets , they 're using seeds .
Possibly the most important video you 'll see this year - and will NEVER see on mainstream TV .
Please spread the word on this one .
Video :
It 's pretty clear that the US ( and Canada ) are ruled by Wall Street and the oil companies , but there 's a third closely related member of this unholy trinity that presents an even more sinister threat ...
Monsanto and its criminal allies in Washington DC and Ottawa .
They intend not only to steal our wealth , but also our ability to feed ourselves without TOTAL dependence on their " products . "
Genetically modified organisms have NOTHING to do with higher yields or disease resistance .
They 're a trojan horse designed to turn farmers ( and the rest of us ) into 21st century serfs .
The hero in this video is Canadian farmer Percy Schmeiser .
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
To everyone who sent us Emails asking what happened to PassThePopCorn , the site is not down .
There ’s been quite a lot of drama involving PTP recently and today ’s incident is no exception .
Short version of the story is that Pass The PopCorn has suffered from an internal dispute resulting in the site moving to a new domain .
It appears that one of the site ’s founders performed a hit and run with the donations money , grabbing the site ’s old domain along with him as he went .
Good news is that PTP staff have managed to move the site to a new location - it is now accessible from http://passthepopcorn.me/.
Even better news is that the move does not appear to have caused any data loss -
All of the user accounts , torrents , forum posts and ratio statistics are seemingly in tact .
If PTP were a new tracker with average content , most people would forget about the site in a debacle like this .
However PTP ( which originally started out as SceneMovies ) remains to be one of the largest movie torrent trackers on the internet – it currently tracks 26000 + torrents which include 16000 + movies and 10000 + movie trailers ( to read more about this tracker please refer to this article ) .
It would be too bad to lose a huge movie repository such as this over the immature actions of a few .
Speaking of the incident , what really happened at PTP ?
Quoted below is a long ass explanation posted on the new site by current tracker staff :
BEGIN QUOTE
Effective immediately , the movie tracker known as PassThePopcorn is using the domain passthepopcorn.me .
Please ensure bookmarks and tracker urls are switched to the .me top level domain ( TLD ) .
For help changing torrent passkeys , click here .
PASSTHEPOPCORN.ORG IS NOT TO BE USED , PLEASE DO NOT VISIT THIS SITE .
This change is sudden , abrupt and we apologize .
The current staff of PTP is operating on full disclosure on this matter and we are taking the time now to explain the events leading up to this moment in time .
Since the site 's birth , PTP has been plagued with instability and drama , something not unknown to the tracker community .
This boils down to one person , the founder pham .
Since creation , the site 's servers have been in Pham 's name , down to the IRC .
Donations were controlled by him until recently .
Because of this , any issue surrounding these areas of the site have been murky and met with ambiguous answers on the part of pham .
Actions of all other staff could only be taken so far as pham had the final say .
While shirking regular duties of a sysop , pham has used the site as his personal playground and piggy bank .
Changes to policy , site structure , and code were made at the whim of pham , and more often than not , the staff figured this out the same time users did .
This made managing the site very difficult as we always had someone working against our efforts .
All of this uncertainty was commonplace for the staff at PTP until we thought we saw a light at the end of the tunnel .
A news post made one month , two weeks ago said the following :
pham Wrote :
Due to circumstances beyond my control within my personal life , I will , effective immediately , be stepping down as founder / sysop of Passthepopcorn , hereafter referred to as PTP .
This was not discussed with our other staff .
I feel I should not burden them with my personal life issues .
My " step - down " was not discussed with my staff .
I do n't feel I have anything to discuss .
The outcome is the same no matter what .
The terms of my step down are not very clear .
At this time , I consider it semi-permanent .
I will still frequent the site and be the liaison for the server / domain ownership .
I will not be answering PMs , visiting the forums , or other admin related tasks .
Effectively immediately , I release my duties of SysOP into very capable hands .
To the staff , its been a pleasure .
Take care !
- pham
This blindsided staff but it was apparent from the start of this “ new era ” , that nothing had changed .
Pham still held all the cards as far as servers , domain , and donations went .
We were in the same position as before , only with pham using the site as his playground exaggerated .
From the “ official step - down ” to now , an important fact became obvious .
The other sysops never saw one donation log , and the donation goal on the site changed from week to week , this going on for months .
Donation numbers were always vague , with strange events occurring such as the need to secure a panamanian bank account .
There was a news post announcing it and a goal to the sum of 1.5 thousand dollars , rounded up to an even 2 thousand .
Donations exceeded this number , but even with the goal met , the news was quickly brushed to the side and soon forgotten about .
Questions asking where the money went were met with obscure answers and a change of subject .
Staff could not investigate further and something similar happened weeks ago with a donation drive again announced by pham .
Finally , a couple days ago , the worst we had feared was confirmed by none other than pham .
Pham had been laundering donation money and using it for personal use .
He was effectively stealing from the site , driving donations up just to use for his personal gain .
When this knowledge became public to the staff , Z made actions to move away from PTP.org .
A new server was bought , along with a development box , and donations were moved to a new secure account .
Passthepopcorn.me was created for a development site , but because of recent events , the site had to be moved to Passthepopcorn.me .
Staff was preparing for the worst , and unfortunately that became reality .
It happened sooner than we had hoped and drastic measures were taken by both parties .
Passthepopcorn.me is the new chapter of PTP , and is under new management , away from the instability pham brought .
We are operating on full disclosure on this day forth and look forward to making PTP the best , most secure site imaginable .
We apologize to our community about recent actions but we as staff have done everything in our power to prevent such a corrupt system once we could confirm said corruption .
We do not want to be begging for money but as of current time we only have $ 200 USD available which will not be able to keep the site up for even another month .
We need $ 450 USD to stay alive per month .
Any donations are greatly appreciated , and will finally go directly towards running the site .
We post these expenses because we want you to know , we do n't want anyone to be in the dark anymore .
We love our community and want to keep the ball rolling .
Sincerely ,
The PassThePopcorn Staff
END QUOTE
Despite the site still being online , reliability of PTP definitely took a hit from today ’s incident .
Any kind of controversy related to donation money is never a good news for a torrent tracker ( public or private ) .
Anyways PTP staff seem to be determined to move the tracker forward ( and we wish them best of luck ) .
Earlier on there were plans to upgrade to Gazelle RC2 and we are n’t quite sure if the recent incidents have affected this plan .
Anyways it would be interesting to see what the future holds for PTP .
Site Name : Pass The Popcorn ( http://passthepopcorn.me)
Signup URL : Signup Closed
Special thanks to Kate128 ( PTP Staff ) for the head ’s up .
Related Articles
​ In yet another embarrassing loss for law enforcement in California , who have tried for years to ignore the fact that medicinal cannabis is legal in the state — and has been for 14 years now — San Luis Obispo County cut a $ 20,000 check on Monday to a patient whose medical marijuana was wrongfully destroyed .
Cal Coast News .
The county paid 46 - year - old Kimberly Marshall the equivalent of $ 3,333 per pound , the replacement value for six pounds of a specially grown outdoor strain of pot , reports Karen Velie at
​ Sheriff ’s Deputy David Walker ’s request for prosecution was ultimately rejected by the district attorney ’s office , which was n’t interested in pursuing the case .
Deputy Walker noted that Marshall had in her possession a medical marijuana card and a physician ’s statement that allowed her to possess up to six pounds of dried marijuana buds .
The district attorney rejected the sheriff ’s request for prosecution based on Marshall ’s medical defense .
Despite being rejected by the D.A. , the sheriff ’s office a few days later filed a request for an order to destroy the cannabis , with assertions “ there had been no claims that it was medical marijuana . ”
“ To the best of my knowledge , there has not been any request for return of medical marijuana for medical reasons …
Each case of medical marijuana was reviewed and determined not to be for medical purposes , ” Deputy Jerry McDaniel said in his request
Marshall phoned her home during the original pot raid and informed deputies that she was a legal medical marijuana patient .
During the call , Marshall said the deputy told her that the sheriff ’s department would return her medication after she provided them with the proper paperwork .
Marshall provided the paperwork , as requested .
However , on August 3 , Deputy Walker asked the district attorney ’s office to prosecute Marshall for possession .
In September , after the sheriff ’s department destroyed Marshall ’s medical marijuana , Deputy County Counsel Ann Duggan claimed sheriff deputies “ were unaware ” the pot was for medical use .
“ As far as I understand the factual background , the sheriff ’s department has no record of your client ’s possession of a physician ’s statement , ” Duggan lied in a letter to Marshall ’s attorney .
Marshall ’s attorney , Louis Koory , filed a civil claim in response , asking the city to pay to replace Marshall ’s marijuana .
“ The sheriff and the county were aware the under California law the sheriff was compelled to return the claimant ’s property in the absence of pending criminal action , ” Koory said in his civil claim , filed on December 23 , 2009 .
“ These are personal attacks by the marijuana lobbyists because we have been the point of the spear , ” whined Rob Bryn , spokesman for the San Luis Obispo County Sheriff ’s Department , prior to the lawsuit being filed .
“ If this defendant did n’t get their dope back , there is another reason . ”
So , Rob , now that this “ defendant ” IS getting her “ dope ” back , maybe there ’s a reason for that , too , eh , genius ?
Marshall had been informed she had less than a year to live after doctors informed her of a liver cancer diagnosis .
Though currently in remission , Marshall suffers daily nausea as a side effect of the cancer treatment .
Her weight has dropped as low as 98 pounds .
In addition , Marshall has two herniated discs , a fractured disc and a broken disc as a result of a car accident .
She is in constant pain and is bedridden for days at a time after enduring two back surgeries .
Doctors recommended medical marijuana to Marshall to ease her pain and nausea .
Using the Internet to Save the Rainforest How an Amazonian Tribe Is Mastering the Modern World
The Surui people from the Brazilian rainforest are fighting to stop the destruction of their homeland .
But instead of bows and arrows , they are using the Internet , GPS and Google Earth .
Next they plan to start carbon emissions trading .
Von Juliane von Mittelstaedt
Nationalrat hat ORF - Gesetz beschlossen
Der Nationalrat hat das neue ORF - Gesetz beschlossen .
Unter anderem bekommt der ORF einen
Teil der entgangenen Rundfunkgebühren erstattet .
Im Gegenzug soll eine neue Medienbehörde die Budget - und Sparpläne des Unternehmens überwachen .
Neben den Regierungsparteien hat die FPÖ zugestimmt und damit die nötige Zweidrittelmehrheit ermöglicht .
Mittagsjournal , 17.06.2010
" ORF erhält Geld zurück "
Zu Beginn der Debatte hob SPÖ - Klubchef Josef Cap die Bedeutung des ORF für die österreichische Identität hervor .
Das weit größere Medienangebot deutscher Sender ziehe allein 280 Werbemillionen aus Österreich ab .
Der ORF wiederum unterliegt Werbebeschränkungen und muss sparen .
Ein wesentlicher Punkt des neuen ORF - Gesetzes ist für Cap daher die Refundierung von Rundfunkgebühren : " Von Geld , das dem ORF seit 1999 durch eine Gebührenbefreiung für einzelne Teilnehmeraus sozialen Gründen genommen wird per Gesetzgeber , wird ein Teil per Gesetzgeber für vier Jahre - 50 Millionen , 50 Millionen , 30 Millionen,30 Millionen - dem ORF gegeben , um das Struktur - und Sparkonzept weiterführen zu können und damit noch erfolgreicher seine Leitmedienfunktion erfüllen zu können . "
" Medienbehörde wird installiert "
ÖVP - Klubchef Karlheinz Kopf hebt die Schaffung der neue Medienbehörde hervor , die den Einsatz der Gebührengelder überwachen soll : " Wir haben dem Ganzen auch eine strenge Kontrolle mitgegeben .
Das mag manchen im Unternehmen nicht gefallen .
Ich denke , dass es im Sinne eines sorgsamen Umgangs mit Steuergeld zwingend notwendig ist und inzwischen von allen akzeptiert ist .
Wir schaffen es mit diesem Gesetz , eine Medienbehörde zu installieren , die künftig weisungsfrei , unabhängig , einerseits über den öffentlich - rechtlichen Auftrag des Unternehmens wachen kann und im speziellen Fall auch über die sorgsame Verwendung der Steuergelder . "
Zweidrittel - Mehrheit nötig Der ORF zahlt im Gegenzug sechs Millionen Euro jährlich für Kinofilme und zeigt mehr österreichische Filme , Serien und Dokumentationen .
Das Radio - Symphonie - Orchester bleibt , der Fernsehkanal TW1 wird zu einem Kultur - und Informations - Spartensender .
Für den heutigen Beschluss ist eine Zweidrittel - Mehrheit und damit die Zustimmung zumindest einer Oppositionspartei nötig .
FPÖ stimmt zu
Diese Zustimmung einer Oppositionspartei wird es von den Freiheitlichen geben , sagt FPÖ - Mediensprecher Peter Fichtenbauer : " Die freiheitliche Partei hat historisch gewiss wenige Gründe , eine Freundschaftsbeziehung mit dem ORF als gelebte Realität zu erachten .
Warum wir uns schließlich bei Abwägung aller Pro- und Contra - Argumente für die Zustimmung entscheiden wollen , liegt daran , dass wir den ORF nicht zum Privathaushalt der regierenden Klasse machen wollen . "
" Bestes ORF - Angebot wird abgedreht "
Grüne und BZÖ erklären sich zwar mit großen Teilen des Gesetzes einverstanden , stimmen aber wegen einzelner Kritikpunkte dagegen .
Dieter Brosz von den Grünen kritisiert vor allem Beschränkungen des Onlineangebots des ORF .
Insbesondere der Futurezone : " Eine Nachrichtenseite , die sich mit Netzpolitik , Datenschutz und Bürgerrechten beschäftigt .
Sie gilt im deutschsprachigen Raum als Institution und als das im Netz attraktivste und beste Angebot des ORF .
Sie beschließen heute ein Gesetz , wo genau dieses Angebot , das international gewürdigt ist , beseitigt wird .
Mit 1 .
Oktober ist die Futurezone Geschichte , es wird sie nicht mehr geben , sie wird abgedreht . "
" 160 - Mio. - Euro - Rechnung von der FPÖ "
Keine Zustimmung wird es auch vom BZÖ geben , sagt Stefan Petzner : " Wir stimmen als Anwalt der Gebührenzahler nicht zu , dass 160 Millionen Euro taxfrei dem ORF zur Verfügung gestellt werden .
Meine Damen und Herren zuhause !
Diese 160 - Millionen - Euro - Rechnung schickt ihnen die FPÖ mit freundlichen Grüßen . "
" Gemeinsam ein Maximum erreicht "
Für die Bundesregierung verteidigt Medien - Staatssekretär Josef Ostermayr von der SPÖ das ORF - Gesetz : " Es ist mir natürlich klar , dass am Ende eines solchen Gesetzes nie alle zufrieden sein können oder nie alle mit allem zufrieden sein können .
Das Thema Futurezone wurde ja vom Herrn Abgeordneten Brosz angesprochen .
Ich glaube aber , dass wir es insgesamt geschafft haben , dass ein möglichst großer Bereich möglichst zufrieden ist und wir damit gemeinsam ein Maximum erreichen konnten . "
Reaktionen
ORF - Generaldirektor Alexander Wrabetz begrüßt den heutigen Gesetzes - Beschluss : Dieser sichere Programmvielfalt in Fernsehen und Radio .
Der Verband der Privatsender wiederum sieht im Gesetz eine Wettbewerbsverzerrung .
Kritik kommt auch vom Zentralbetriebsrat und vom Redakteursrat des ORF : vor allem wegen der gesetzlichen Auflagen zum Senken der Personalkosten .
Übersicht
Pink Floyd`s music is a hot commodity in Boulder .
The University of Colorado`s Fiske Planetarium hosts a Pink Floyd laser show every weekend , and a slew of Pink Floyd tribute bands have been hitting town .
IF YOU GO
Who : Pigs on the Wing : A Pink Floyd Tribute , featuring STS9`s David Murphy When : 9 p.m. Thursday Where : Fox Theatre , 1135 13th St. , Boulder Cost : $ 10 - $ 14 foxtheatre.com
Sound Tribe Sector 9`s David Murphy is also a big Pink Floyd fan , so the bassist developed the tribute band Pigs on the Wing .
The name of the group comes courtesy of the Floyd`s Animals CD .
Thursday , Murphy brings his tribute to the Fox Theatre .
“ I`ve wanted to do this band for a long time , ” Murphy said .
“ Pink Floyd were definitely personal heroes of mine .
I really got into their psychedelic rock .
“ It was a real treat to learn their songs and get into the headspace they were at .
I really delved into the depths of the music — and I learned a lot musically . ”
The Pigs on the Wing band features Murphy , Matt Weiss ( Collective Efforts ) , Coley Dennis ( Maserati ) , Mike Albanese ( Cinemechanica ) , Timi Connely ( Kite to the Moon ) , Stanley Walker ( Velveteen Pink ) , Alfredo Lapuz ( Immuzikation ) and Count Kellam .
The Fox show will feature two sets .
Pigs on the Wing will start off the night by performing Animals in its entirety , and the second set will offer classic Floyd tunes such as “ Shine On You Crazy Diamond ” and “ Comfortably Numb . ”
“ We try to replicate these songs note for note , ” Murphy said .
“ These songs are extremely challenging and we want to do them justice .
This is some of the most challenging music I`ve ever done .
“ We`re doing Animals because it`s one of our favorite records — and the songwriting is so incredible .
People are familiar with it , but they may not realize it until they hear the songs .
The second set will be songs that people know more about . ”
Pigs on the Wing is also going to bring a visual factor to the Fox .
Tonight`s tribute will feature a special light show and video footage .
“ We`re taking the shows to markets that will really appreciate it , ” Murphy said .
“ We love doing this show , and I think Pink Floyd fans will really love how we play the music .
Murphy will be heading back to STS9 for the band`s late 2009 and 2010 shows .
The electronic rock act`s set to play New Year`s concerts at Denver`s Wells Fargo Theatre .
Double bill
The Fox is hosting a special Friday double - bill with Perpetual Groove and Underground Orchestra , and the deal just got sweetened for this night of southern rock .
The bands will host a special Southern dinner for the first 30 patrons who purchase special VIP tickets .
We`re talking fried chicken and mac and cheese .
The VIP`s will also get a private concert featuring members of both bands .
Then , Perpetual Groove and Underground Orchestra will trade off sets for the rest of the evening .
Local fans are encouraged to dress up for the concert`s “ Fun To Be a Gangsta ” night .
What is Simple ?
Way back when , in 2009 , after another frustrating banking experience involving hidden fees , unnecessary products , long holds , and complicated conversations , Simple ’s future founder Josh Reich emailed his friend ( and future co-founder ) Shamir Karkal , with some big questions :
Why is banking so complicated ?
Can a bank exist to help people , not confuse them ?
What if banks did n’t charge so many ridiculous fees ?
What if your bank taught you to feel confident with money ?
The answer to each question was Simple .
Years after that first email , growing swiftly into our beautiful , multi- floor homebase in the misty valleys of Portland , Oregon ( and the many other states from which our remote employees hail ) , we are still asking those questions .
We ’re answering them , too .
We created an FDIC - insured checking account built to help you save money , and to support smart spending with built - in budgeting tools .
The accounts are free and our customer service is kind , helpful and human ( in other words , talking to us wo n’t inspire you to start a bank of your own out of frustration ) .
Sometimes , all it takes to change things is to start asking questions .
We hope that no matter what brought you here , whether you ’re a poor poet in need of some budgeting help ( true story ) or a budget - wise financial wizard who wants an account to replace their spreadsheets ( also a true story ) , a round - the - country - traveler in need of a banking experience to support that mobile lifestyle ( oh hey , true again ) , you know that we see you .
We see the banking industry and agree that it needs to change .
And we ’re working to change it for all of us .
President Obama will argue that financial reform is in the interest of Wall Street as well as America :
A comprehensive plan to achieve these reforms has passed the House of Representatives .
A Senate version is currently being debated , drawing on the ideas of Democrats and Republicans .
Both bills represent significant improvement on the flawed rules we have in place today , despite the furious efforts of industry lobbyists to shape them to their special interests .
I am sure that many of those lobbyists work for some of you .
But I am here today because I want to urge you to join us , instead of fighting us in this effort .
I am here because I believe that these reforms are , in the end , not only in the best interest of our country , but in the best interest of our financial sector .
And I am here to explain what reform will look like , and why it matters .
The Plum Line
In fact , however , the long term interest of Wall Street is not necessarily the short term interest of individuals that underlies the " free markert . "
Those contradictions , however , will be ignored in the rhetoric , and I expect Big Finance to continue to battle the reforms .
A Texas debt collection company had a unique style for reminder voicemails to one black customer .
" This is your motherfucking wake - up call you little lazy ass bitch .
Get your motherfucking nigger ass up and go pick some motherfucking cotton fields . "
Allen Jones was told he owed $ 200 on some credit cards .
He disputed the debt .
The issue was apparently dealt with by a company called Advanced Call Center Technologies , LLC , back in 2007 .
They left eight or so voicemail messages demanding the money , according to the local news network , WFAA , who reported the story .
The one transcribed above is apparently the mildest , and the only one they felt able to run in any form at all .
Jones sued and was awarded $ 50,000 for mental anguish and a whopping $ 1.5 m in punitive damages .
Here 's the report .
Click to view
Motorola CEO
Sanjay Jha has revealed his ambitions to produce a 2GHz Android smartphone , with the outspoken exec claiming such a handset would be on the market by the end of 2010 .
Jha did n’t specify which processor he had in mind ; as far as we ’ve heard , Qualcomm ’s Snapdragon line – which has become popular among Android devices – will only reach 1.5GHz this year .
However , there ’s some talk of a 2GHz NVIDIA Tegra chipset being used , though more likely perhaps is some form of ARM ’s dual - core Cortex A9 , announced late last year .
Other sources suggest that Motorola is looking to “ incorporate everything that is technologically possible in a smartphone today , ” which has a pretty broad scope .
We ’re guessing a hefty camera , HD video and more .
It 's not just major companies offering shoppers the option to leave their PJs on and wait for the milk and eggs to show up on their doorstep rather than put on shoes , a mask and face the grocery store .
The pandemic is bringing out new players in the grocery delivery .
Updated An America retinal neuroscientist has focused his boffinistic eye on the iPhone 4's much - touted high - res display , and has come to the conclusion that Apple 's claim that the " Retina display 's pixel density is so high , your eye is unable to distinguish individual pixels " is true .
" I 'd find Apple ’s claims stand up to what the human eye can perceive , " writes Bryan Jones after an exhaustive analysis of the iPhone 4's 3.5 - inch , 960x640 display .
Jones ' conclusion contradicts an earlier assertion by DisplayMate Technologies CEO Raymond Soneira , who dismissed Steve Jobs ' claims as " marketing puffery " .
When introducing the iPhone 4 , the Apple CEO said : " It turns out there ’s a magic number right around 300 pixels per inch , that when you hold something around to 10 to 12 inches away from your eyes , is the limit of the human retina to differentiate the pixels . "
Jones notes that the iPhone 4's sub-pixels may themselves have sub-pixels — but he 's " not sure about this "
Soneira said , in effect , " hogwash . "
Then , after Discover published a rebuttal to his argument , he issued a rebuttal to the rebuttal .
" Examining this issue more closely , the iPhone 4 is actually very far from a retina display — it 's a substantial discrepancy and not even close :
At 12 inches the 1 dimensional linear ppi shortcoming is 326/477 = 68 percent .
But the pixel ( area ) density for 2 dimensions , which is the actual relevant observable , is that value squared = 0.47 , so the iPhone 4 is more than a factor of 2 from being a retina display at the typical 12 inch viewing distance . "
Got that ?
Well , to be frank , it took your humble reporter a few readings to get aboard Soneira 's rebuttal2 , and he 's still having a wee bit of difficulty riding Soneira 's train of thought to its terminus .
But Jones , the retinal neuroscientist , understood immediately — one assumes — and rebuffed the arguments of Soneira , the display technologist .
" While Dr. Soneira was partially correct with respect to the retina , " Jones writes , " Apple 's Retina Display adequately represents the resolution at which images fall upon our retina . "
He continues :
Dr. Soneira 's claims are based upon a retinal calculation of .5 arcminutes which to my reading of the literature is too low .
According to a relatively recent , but authoritative study of photoreceptor density in the human retina ( Curcio , C.A. , K.R. Sloan , R.E. Kalina and A.E. Hendrickson 1990 Human photoreceptor topography .
J. Comp. Neurol . 292:497-523. ) , peak cone density in the human averages 199,000 cones / mm2 with a range of 100,000 to 324,000 .
Dr. Curcio et. al. calculated 77 cycles / degree or .78 arcminutes / cycle of * retinal * resolution .
However , this does not take into account the optics of the system which degrade image quality somewhat giving a commonly accepted resolution of 1 arcminute / cycle .
So , if a normal human eye can discriminate two points separated by 1 arcminute / cycle at a distance of a foot , we should be able to discriminate two points 89 micrometers apart which would work out to about 287 pixels per inch .
Since the iPhone 4G display is comfortably higher than that measure at 326 pixels per inch , I ’d find Apple ’s claims stand up to what the human eye can perceive .
In other words , while your retina may have a higher resolution than that of the iPhone 4's Retina display , there 's more to your optical system than just a retina .
You need to keep your entire ocular kit and caboodle in mind .
And when you do , says Jones , you must admit that Steve Jobs was accurate when he claimed that your eye can't see individual pixels when you hold your iPhone a foot from your face .
We now await Soneira 's rebuttal to Jones ' rebuttal of Soneira 's rebuttal of Discover 's rebuttal to Soneria 's assertion that Steve Jobs is a jive - ass mofo . ®
Update
Dr. Raymond Soneira sent a long and detailed response to this article shortly after it was published .
While parts of it recapitulate his response to the Discover article cited above , he also includes some new information and argument that warrant this update :
My analysis and comments on the Retina Display were widely distorted and transformed into an attack on Apple and Steve Jobs — they were not .
I simply did a quantitative analysis of what was said in the context of my campaign to eliminate ( or more realistically reduce ) exaggeration in display specs .
Apple 's claim falls under glorious wording rather than numerical spec abuse — and even with quantitative analysis it 's minor compared to what other manufacturers are saying .
I sent Steve Jobs an Email explaining that and got a reply from him .
In his email to the The Reg , Soneira reiterates that his disagreement is with Apple 's use of the term " Retina Display " and Steve Jobs ' statement that the iPhone 4's display has a resolution that exceeds " the limit of the human retina to differentiate the pixels . "
I used the accepted value for the visual acuity of the Retina ( see below ) and found that the iPhone was more than a factor of 2 short on pixels to be a Retina Display .
The iPhone 4 would need to have 1.3 megapixels instead of 0.6 megapixels to be a true Retina Display at 12 inches .
At 10 inches it would need even more — 1.9 megapixels — a factor of 3 short .
There have been some comments that my analysis is for perfect vision .
Jobs ' statement is for the * Retina * not the * Eye* with 20 / 20 or other vision .
For 20 /20 vision the accepted value is to resolve two lines that are separated by 1.0 arc minute .
In that case a 20 / 20 vision display needs a resolution of 286 dpi or higher at 12 inches and 344 dpi at 10 inches .
The iPhone 4 has 326 dpi , so at 12 inches it is a 20 / 20 Vision Display but not a Retina Display .
Soneira sums up his argument by saying : " The iPhone 4 is a fabulous display , it 's just not a Retina Display — but it 's good enough for 20 / 20 vision when held at 12 inches or more from the eye . "
And in conclusion : " Since Apple makes great products that have excellent specs it will be a lot better for them if everyone sticks with the true objective values instead of values exaggerated by marketing departments . "
Superman , Mr. Fantastic and Wonder Woman do n't have to worry about wiring their salaries home to support a struggling family , but some immigrants face such challenges on a weekly basis , and the demands of these jobs inspired an entire series of costumed subjects for a photographer connected to immigration issues and angered by a recent law in Arizona demanding that state and local law enforcement officials detain anyone they believe to be in the United States illegally .
" Most of the U.S. national news about immigration is very sad : bitter political disputes in Arizona , or images of desperate immigrants trying to cross the border , " photographer Dulce Pinzón wrote , describing the motivation for her photo essay for Foreign Policy .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/06/02/superhero-immigrant-workers/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/political_opinion/Arizona_Legislation_Prompts_Superheroic_Perspective_PICS';
" I saw a Spider - Man costume in a store in November 2001 , and that 's when everything came together in my head , " she explained .
" Comic - book superheroes have an alter ego , and so do immigrants in the United States .
They may be insignificant or even invisible to much of society , but they are heroes in their homelands . "
Each of Pinzón 's images captures an individual and an occupation , as well as what they contribute to their family at home .
See a few of the images after the jump and learn more about each subject at Foreign Policy .
( Download )
I 've seen Diane Horner 's Country Hip Hop Dancing mentioned briefly on the Internet , but I do n't think anyone 's done its wackness justice .
And if there 's one thing you should know about me , it 's that I 'm all about justice .
Anyway , I think you 'll agree that the highlight reel I put together is , in a word , jammin ' .
It is the hip - hop .
I 'd probably be ashamed of being white right now if I were n't busy laughing so hard .
Buffoonish appropriation : it 's a trope that never gets old !
Oh , and I thought you 'd like some gifs of the hip - hop dancers , so they 're below for you :
Great , now our nation is under attack by memes .
Carlos Almonte , the wannabe New Jersey Jihadist arrested last week on his way to Somalia , was previously Internet famous for his funny sign .
Feds say 24 year - old Carlos Almonte and his buddy Hamoud Alessa weight - lifted and played paintball in suburban New Jersey to train for violent Jihad .
Obviously , two important skills for any violent Jihadist along with slamming the door in your parents ' face and cranking Fall Out Boy when they piss you off .
But Carlos Almonte was also skilled at being laughed at by the Internet .
According to the New York Times , Almonte appeared at a protest in 2008 " holding a sign saying " DEATH TO ALL JUICE , " with the word " ZIONIST " written faintly above " JUICE . "
Someone took a picture of this and it soon became a funny Internet meme , complete with its own Failblog entry .
Who knows if Almonte was in on the joke .
The fact he posted it on his Facebook picture suggests yes .
The fact that his former boss said " " This kid is not smart , " suggests no .
What 's important is that terrorist groups are clearly intent on developing their abilities to " go viral " .
That 's not all !
Almonte 's buddy , Hamoud , had a cat named Tuna Princess , which he loved a lot — he even wanted to take Tuna Princess abroad to train in violent Jihad with him .
But , according to the Times :
His mother said no , and they argued .
When he headed to the airport , he went instead with a big bag of candy from his parents ' deli .
The F.B.I. seized the candy , his mother said .
Thank God .
When LOLcats start attacking America in the name of Islamic extremism , that 's it .
We 're done
By Tom Geoghegan
BBC News Magazine
The Great Fire of London started accidentally in a bakery , right ?
That was n't the view at the time - many believed it was a terrorist attack and violent reprisals against possible suspects soon followed .
The date 1666 is one burned on to the collective memory of a nation .
Everyone learns at school that the fire raging for four days in that hot , dry summer began in a bakery in Pudding Lane .
But a new Channel 4 documentary focuses on the lesser known story of the fire - it sparked a violent backlash against London 's immigrant population , prompted by the widely - held belief at the time that it was an act of arson committed by a foreign power .
In the days and weeks following the fire , ordinary Londoners - many of whom were displaced and homeless - gave evidence to a parliamentary inquiry swiftly launched to find out what happened .
GREAT FIRE IN NUMBERS ...
Destroyed 373 acres of the City 13,200 houses , 84 churches and 44 company halls burned down Raged from Sunday 2 Sept to Thursday 6 Sept Fewer than 10 people thought to have died , although some perished in refugee camps Rebuilding killed more than fire
All those witness statements can be found in the inquiry 's report , a 50 - page document held in the capital 's Guildhall .
It suggests the city on the eve of the fire was one fraught with anxiety and paranoia , says Sue Horth , the documentary 's executive producer , and the finger of blame was pointed at two countries with which England was at war , Netherlands and France .
" We teach people about Pudding Lane and the hot summer but we do n't say that weeks before the Great Fire , the British Navy sailed into the city of West Terschelling in the Netherlands and set fire to it in an act of diplomatic piracy .
...
AND IN QUOTES ' Among other things , the poor pigeons , I perceive , were loth to leave their houses , but hovered about the windows and balconies , till they some of them burned their wings and fell down '
Samuel Pepys , 2 Sept 1666
' God grant mine eyes may never behold the like , who now saw above 10,000 houses all in one flame ; the noise and cracking and thunder of people , the fall of towers , houses , and churches , was like an hideous storm , and the air all about so hot and inflamed that at last one was not able to approach it '
John Evelyn , 2 Sept 1666
" London was expecting an act of reprisal against the city .
It was expecting something bad to happen , not because it was superstitious or frightened , but because the government had done something bad .
So when the fire happened , it was a natural and quite sensible suspicion for the people of London to have . "
As the fire raged , and rumours spread that the French had invaded , angry mobs hunted anyone who appeared to be foreign , says Ms Horth .
A Swedish diplomat was lynched .
A French woman trying to escape to a refugee camp in Spitalfields had her breast cut off because people thought the baby chicks she carried in her apron were fireballs .
" London was a city turned to constant night , with the ash cloud and smoke , and the sun could n't penetrate , so it was a frightening place to be .
Thousands of buildings were razed .
People either tried to escape or they fought the fire or they tried to find those responsible . "
This violence is the untold story of the fire , says Adrian Tinniswood , author of By Permission of Heaven : The True Story of the Great Fire of London .
The fire burned for four days
Most people thought it was an attack by the Dutch , because of the recent atrocity by the Royal Navy under Admiral Robert Holmes .
" There was cheering in the streets of London when that happened , so when the fire started , people thought it was the Dutch getting their own back .
" In fact , the fire was caused by a gale blowing across London for four days .
It hit London in the early hours of Sunday morning , just as [ Thomas ] Farriner 's bakery goes up in flames .
The gale blew embers and bits of straw across the city and fires broke out all over the place , so people said : ' This is n't a fire spreading , it has to be arson ' . "
On the fourth day , when the fire was finally quelled , King Charles II , the newly restored monarch after years of civil war , tried to calm matters by going to a new camp of 100,000 homeless , and declaring the fire was an act of God .
Shaky confession
The king took a very enlightened view and always believed it was an accident , says Mr Tinniswood .
His brother , James , Duke of York , went even further .
He rode into the city with his bodyguards and rescued people from the mob , some of whom were in the very act of being hanged on street corners .
Hubert , in a detail of a wider picture of Catholic conspirators from 1667
The hunt for a foreign scapegoat continued , until one volunteered for the role .
At the end of September , the parliamentary committee was appointed to investigate the fire , and a French Protestant watchmaker , Robert Hubert , confessed to having deliberately started the fire at the bakery with 23 conspirators .
Although his confession seemed to change and flounder under scrutiny , he was tried and hanged .
Afterwards , colleagues told the inquiry Hubert had been at sea with them at the time , and the inquiry concluded the fire had indeed been an accident .
No - one knows why he confessed .
Until the 19th Century , the plaque at London 's Monument stated that followers of the Pope were to blame , says Ms Horth , and named Hubert as the fire - starter .
It was only after Catholic emancipation in the 19th Century that the government decided the plaque was inflammatory and had those inscriptions removed .
" This story [ about it being an accident ] is not necessarily the most helpful for us all to believe , " Ms Horth says .
" The truth is that we will never know how it began .
We now believe it was an accident but 350 years ago certain people thought differently .
There are many perspectives to events and it's up to us to understand them all . "
It 's natural the version of events told to youngsters should airbrush the gruesome details , says Meriel Jeater , curator at the Museum of London .
Christopher Wren built St Paul 's after the fire " The traditional view taught in schools is that it all happened as a happily - ever - after sort of story .
It was a terrible disaster , but not many people died , we rebuilt the city in brick so it was fireproof , and is n't St Paul 's pretty ?
" But the more you investigate , you realise it was n't all like that .
The dark side was that the fire burst on to the surface religious tension and paranoia about national security . "
It 's a tale with echoes today , says Ms Jeater .
" When I was curating the exhibition , it was n't long after the 7/7 bombings and when I was reading about the reactions against Catholics and the Dutch , it struck me that there were a lot of similarities with the backlash against Muslim people after the bombing .
A lot of suspicion about people living in London .
" It 's different people and different events , but I think human nature is very similar . "
The Untold Great Fire of London is on Channel 4 on Wednesday , 30 June at 2000 BST .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
I just did a dissertation on the Fire , I was looking at the rebuilding mostly .
I also wrote an essay on minorities in London during this period .
I considered looking at the Catholics as a minority population too .
There is a lot of evidence to suggest that Catholics were blamed for the Fire , not least the Monument had an inscription calling the fire a " popish plot " , and King Charles II made declarations to this effect too .
Sean R , Oxford Concerning the death toll - I thought that it was a myth that only a handful of people died in the fire .
I believe that recent research seems to show that in fact thousands of ordinary Londoners perished in the fire but as is often the way in the writing of history , they were simply not important enough to be included in the official records .
And in case we think that could never happen now in the modern world , try getting an official estimate of how many Iraqis died in the war .
I seem to remember that US policy was to not even bother counting ...
Charlie Brown , London , UK
It should be noted however that the paranoia against Roman Catholics at the time was not entirely unjustified .
It had only been in 1605 that there had been a plot by Roman Catholics to blow up Parliament ( the famous Gunpowder Plots in which Guy Fawkes was heavily implicated ) A number of other attempts had also been made .
The fact that the country was also at war in 1666 would have added to the paranoia against foreigners in general and Catholics in particular .
Luke , Nottingham
Does this mean that the airing of these views in the documentary might encourage a more honest teaching , in schools , of the events ?
Or will it be more evidence of history being what its writers say it is ?
Perhaps all we 've done all these years is to look at bakers ' boys with more suspicion ...!?
Emma Marigliano , Manchester , England Very interesting !
It puts some of the anti-Muslim propaganda I regularly come across in perspective .
Al , T Wells , UK " It 's different people and different events , but I think human nature is very similar . "
Sadly , so very true .
In 344 years we have learned nothing .
Peter , England Ms Jeater compares it to the 7 July 7 bombings , but in that case it really was a conspiracy by a religious minority to cause harm to London .
Do n't compare it to 1666 , which was an accident .
Jonathan R , London , UK Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OTTAWA — Far more sewage has been spilled in Canadian urban centres over the last six years than any other harmful contaminant , newly released figures show .
An analysis by The Canadian Press reveals hundreds of millions of litres of sewage , as well as many other dangerous liquids , have been dumped right under Canadians ’ noses .
This never - before - released information has been kept in a classified government database called NEMISIS .
The acronym stands for National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
Federal enforcement officers use the database to go after polluters .
It took The Canadian Press two years and a complaint to the information commissioner to pry the data from Environment Canada under the Access to Information Act .
The news agency then created its own spills database using the government information , which covers the period from January 2004 to this past April .
The analysis looked at spills in 18 cities and metropolitan areas across 10 provinces .
They include the metropolitan areas of Toronto , Vancouver and Montreal , and the cities of Calgary , Edmonton , Regina , Saskatoon , Winnipeg , Ottawa , Hamilton , Windsor , Ont. , Quebec City , Fredericton , Moncton , N.B. , Saint John , N.B. , Charlottetown , Halifax and St. John ’s , N.L .
The database lists 6,555 spills in those parts of the country since 2004 .
Some spills are minor , while others run over hundreds of millions of litres .
The most frequently spilled contaminants are petroleum products .
They account for 3,596 spills , or about 55 per cent of all entries .
The database contains 538 sewage spills .
That ’s eight per cent of all spills in the database .
While sewage does n’t appear as often as other contaminants , more of it is spilled each time .
The largest spill was at Calgary ’s Bonnybrook wastewater treatment plant , which handles much of the city ’s sewage .
The database says a storm and flood led to a 300 - million - litre sewage spill on June 17 , 2005 .
Heavy floods hammered southern Alberta that spring .
Edith Phillips of Calgary ’s regulatory affairs branch said the floodwater overwhelmed the city ’s sewers and treatment plants .
She said the flooding damaged ultra-violet lights used to kill bacteria , so treated wastewater flowed into the Bow River .
Phillips noted the sewage had gone through two stages of treatment before it spilled into the river .
By that point organic materials and nutrients would have been removed from the wastewater .
“ It was n’t raw sewage , ” she said .
“ It certainly had been treated to the secondary stage , which is equivalent to what most treatment plants in Canada do . ”
In Edmonton , an equipment failure at the Gold Bar wastewater treatment plant caused 160 million litres of sewage to be discharged on April 18 , 2007 .
The city did not respond to a request to comment .
Environment Canada said a power outage shut down the Edmonton plant ’s ultra-violet lights for eight minutes , so 160 million litres of wastewater was only partially treated .
“ Otherwise , the effluent was properly treated , ” the department said .
Meanwhile , the government database cites a 2,191 - day sewer leak in Ottawa that discharged 190 million litres of sewage .
It shows the spill began Jan. 1 , 1998 , and was n’t reported until Sept. 10 , 2008 .
The entry baffled Michel Chevalier , Ottawa ’s manager of wastewater and drainage operations , who said his figures do n’t jibe with the federal government’s .
“ I ’ve had problems in the past with databases from the feds , ” Chevalier said .
“ They ’re entering the data in a funny way , and it ’s not necessarily reality , or it leads to conclusions that are false .
Like in this case , it looks like it ’s been flowing for 2,000 days .
No .
I do n’t know where they get that 2,000 days . ”
He said city records show 190 million litres of sewage was spilled into the Ottawa river over a four - day period in 2004 .
A faulty sewer gate was to blame .
He cited even larger sewage spills — such as more than a billion litres in 2006 , 19 million litres in 2008 and 26.5 million litres last year — which are n’t listed in the federal database .
In each case the untreated sewage flowed into the Ottawa River .
Chevalier said the city has replaced the faulty gates and significantly cut down on sewage spills .
Little is known about a 116 - million - litre sewage spill in Richmond , B.C. , on Dec. 20 , 2009 .
The responsible party , reason , cause , source and clean - up time are not given .
The government database cites another 64 - million litre sewage spill in the Vancouver area on July 5 , 2009 , at the Lions Gate wastewater treatment plant .
But Metro Vancouver officials dispute Environment Canada ’s reporting of the spill in its database .
Paul Lam , the municipality ’s wastewater treatment plant division manager , said the spill was not of sewage but rather treated effluent , or wastewater .
He said a ruptured valve in the plant ’s chlorination system was to blame .
“ That resulted in the release of 64 million litres of treated , but unchlorinated , effluent , ” Lam said .
“ So that volume of discharge had been treated through the plant . ”
He added environmental testing found no ill effects from the spill .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Environment Canada said “ evidence provided by Metro Vancouver clearly demonstrates that the unchlorinated wastewater effluent discharged from the ( wastewater - treatment plant ) ... was not acutely lethal ” and did n’t violate the federal Fisheries Act .
Faulty equipment is also to blame for a 50 - million - litre sewage spill from Saskatoon ’s sewers on July 19 , 2008 .
The city also had a 10 - million - litre sewage spill on Sept. 15 , 2006 , due to a “ storm , flood . ”
City officials were not immediately available to comment .
The database also lists spills of other contaminants .
More than 1.4 million litres of a chemical called acrylonitrile was spilled after a marine tanker caught fire and exploded in Saint John , N.B. , on Nov. 1 , 2005 .
Environment Canada ’s website says “ acrylonitrile is considered toxic to human health because of its potential to cause cancer . ”
It has been declared toxic under the Canadian Environmental Protection Act .
Close to 76,000 litres of hydrochloric acid leaked from a train in Salaberry - de- Valleyfield , Que. , outside Montreal on March 17 , 2005 .
Hydrochloric acid can irritate the skin and cause chemical burns .
A pipe leak at Edmonton ’s municipal mobile equipment services branch on Dec. 11 , 2006 , released two million litres of chlorinated water into the city .
Chlorine can react with organic matter found in water , such as decaying vegetation , to form a group of chemicals known as disinfection byproducts .
Some of these byproducts are thought to raise the risk of cancer and cause other health problems .
The database lists Areva Resources Canada Inc. as the responsible party in an Oct. 25 , 2007 , spill of 10,000 litres of “ radioactive material . ”
The company says a road to a uranium mine site was flooded by heavy rain , and contaminated mud and rainwater leaked through a raised barrier .
Areva spokesman Alun Richards said the mud and water contained “ low levels ” of radioactivity from vehicles that pass over the road to and from the uranium mine .
Richards said company records show 100 cubic metres , or 100,000 litres , of radioactive material was spilled — 10 times more than Environment Canada lists in its database .
He added the spill was cleaned up immediately , and there were no lingering health or environmental effects .
In another case , a company called IMTT - Quebec Inc. , which handles bulk liquids , is named as the responsible party in a spill of 126,000 litres of jet fuel on Oct. 4 , 2007 .
Marc Dulude , the company ’s executive vice - president and chief operating officer , did n’t respond to questions about the spill .
Environment Canada said the jet - fuel leak occurred in a tank dike and nothing leaked out .
The contents were pumped out and stored in another reservoir .
The city spills troubled one environmentalist .
“ It ’s the sheer number of different kinds of pollutants being spilled here that ’s striking , ” said Rick Smith , the executive director of Environmental Defence .
“ We ’re talking about bacterial pollutants , cancer - causing pollutants , hormone - disrupting pollutants .
All of these things being spilled accidentally , or in an unplanned fashion , in an illegal fashion into the environment on a regular basis . ”
A spokeswoman for Environment Canada said the sewage and wastewater spills are unacceptable .
“ We need to stop dumping raw and under - treated sewage into our waterways , ” Ashleigh Wilson said .
“ Today we have about 400 facilities dumping at least 1.5 trillion litres of raw sewage directly into our waterways every year causing impacts to everything from our beaches along waterways to commercial fisheries including shellfish .
Under our new regulations this will stop . ”
She was referring to new wastewater - system regulations that set timelines and baseline standards for sewage spills .
In the past , Environment Canada has defended the NEMISIS database , which is riddled with missing , incomplete and inaccurate entries .
In many cases the type and amount of contaminant spilled is n’t known .
But the department insists it has all the information it needs to track and prosecute polluters .
Read more about :
As free agency quickly approaches , the Devils face a significant question – which big - name free agent do they pursue , Paul Martin or Ilya Kovalchuk ?
Both are impact players , and both are a huge asset to the team .
While the Devils have almost $ 16 million to spend , both will command big money .
Facing this decision , I ’ll debate the pros and cons of deciding to sign either Martin or Kovalchuk .
Today ’s post focuses on Martin , a homegrown talent whose shown he can produce at the NHL level .
When Martin came into the league in 2003 - 2004 , the defenseman was expected to become one of the team ’s better defenders .
Ex -Devil David Hale and Martin were tagged as the next Scott Stevens and Scott Niedermayer , respectively .
Martin enjoyed a successful rookie campaign , playing in 70 games and recording 24 points ( six goals , 18 assists ) .
After returning from the lockout in 2005 - 2006 , Martin increased his total games , skating in 80 games .
He upped his point total to 37 , with five goals and 32 assists , his highest point total in his career .
Since then , he ’s been a consistent producer , totaling 25 + points until last season , when he missed significant time with injury .
Martin has continually improved not only his own play , but the team ’s play as well .
Some advanced hockey statistics , such as Corsi % , tag Martin as one of the better unrestricted free agents of the summer .
He ’s been a workhorse for this team in his career , playing significant time even strength and skating on both the power play and penalty kill .
As his stats show , Martin has offensive potential , and he shows a knack for setting up teammates .
A look further at his stats can give more depth to Martin ’s skills .
Martin At Even Strength
One of the first areas I ’ll discuss is Martin ’s play during 5 - on - 5 situations .
Since last year provided such a small sample size , I ’ll refer to 2008 - 2009 as my basis for analysis .
In his own zone , Martin played sound hockey .
As you can read at Behind the Net , when Martin was on the ice , shots against and goals against both went down .
Only Mike Mottau had better goals against statistics than Martin .
Clearly , Martin is a responsible defenseman in his own zone .
But what about his offensive zone play ?
Martin ’s 2008 - 2009 offensive zone play was subpar at best .
His 14 even - strength points ranked third on the team behind ex-Devil Johnny Oduya ( 23 ) and White ( 15 ) .
Martin ’s 14 even - strength points tied him for 81st in the league .
His shots on goal were n’t impressive either .
His 107 shots ranked one behind team leader Johnny Oduya and 59th in the league .
By looking at these stats , you could figure that Martin did n’t contribute much to the team ’s goals for per 60 minutes .
And he did n’t , only providing a - 0.3 differential .
But he did improve the shots for per 60 minutes , giving them an average of 2.5 shots when he was on the ice .
Martin ’s offensive numbers do n’t overwhelm you , and that ’s one of the main drawbacks for the defenseman .
We ’ve all expected Martin to become a Niedermayer - like player , leading the offensive charge on the blue line .
But the only stat he ’s really improved is the team ’s overall shots .
During even strength play , Martin has n’t had an immense impact offensively .
But maybe the powerplay will show some different statistics .
Continue reading after the jump for Martin ’s powerplay and penalty killing statistics !
Martin on the Powerplay
Throughout the years , Martin has been expected to produce on the powerplay .
At times , he ’s been the only defenseman skating on the man advantage .
He ’s never really fulfilled the expectations of a powerplay “ quarterback ” , but the stats show he ’s positively contributed to the team ’s man advantage .
In 2008 - 2009 , Martin contributed 18 points on the powerplay ( two goals , 16 assists ) , which ranked highest on the team .
But those 18 points only put Martin in a tie for 34th in the league .
But the point total does n’t tell the whole story .
In 2008 - 2009 , Martin excelled on the man advantage , contributing almost four goals to the team ’s goal differential when on the ice during a powerplay .
He also contributed positively to the team ’s shot total while on the ice .
The stats tell an interesting story .
Several fans ( myself included ) believed that Martin struggled on the powerplay .
It seemed like one of the main reasons why the team signed Brian Rolston – to man the points on the powerplay .
But the stats tell a different tale .
While Martin does n’t put up gaudy powerplay numbers , he ’s an effective contributor to the team ’s man advantage .
Martin on the Penalty Kill
In the third and final look at Martin , I turn to his play while on the penalty kill .
It ’s important for defenseman to play well , especially when facing the opposition ’s best scorers .
Does Martin have a significant impact on the penalty kill ?
The stats show Martin is average .
Two stats from Behind the Net are considered here – shots against per 60 and goals against per 60 .
During the penalty kill , Martin ’s impact on shots is a negative one .
When on the ice in 5 - on - 4 penalty kill situations in 2008 - 2009 , Martin allowed the opposition an extra three shots on net .
While this should lead to a negative impact in the goals against per 60 category , Martin ’s stats show the exact opposite .
While on the ice in these situations , the opposition ’s goals dipped by 1.69 .
So while Martin allows an increase in spot , one could argue these shots are n’t quality opportunities .
Martin seems to be an average to slightly above average penalty killer , based on these statistics .
********************
So , what does all of the information mean for the Devils ?
The stats make a case that Martin is worth resigning .
The Devils wo n’t get a greater offensive impact , but they will retain a player who seems to add something positive to the powerplay .
Also , his assists numbers from the past few seasons have been great , which means he can create plays and make things happen .
Martin gives the team solid production on the powerplay , and his penalty - killing ability wo n’t hurt the team .
Martin has n’t always lived up to expectations in a Devils ’ uniform .
He never became the powerplay quarterback , and I ’m sure we ’d all like to see some more goals .
But in taking a look at this year ’s free agent defenseman , Martin sticks out as one of the top players .
If the Devils decide to re-sign Martin , they know they will receive a solid defenseman who knows the system well .
I believe the team will make a push and ultimately sign Martin .
It ’ll be a smart decision , as his presence improves the strength and play of the Devils ’ defense .
With the Gulf oil spill continuing unabated , powering a 21st century economy on a 19th century fossil fuel looks less and less smart by the day .
Luckily , we ’ve got other options .
I described the most promising steps the federal government could take toward reducing oil use in transportation systems last week .
But local governments do n’t have to wait for federal action .
Through smart land use , cities , towns , and many rural areas can give residents the option of driving less — a direct way to stem the demand for offshore ( and foreign ) oil .
I spoke with leaders of the Smart Growth movement , along with advocates for economic justice , to learn about solutions that do n’t require new technology and , in many cases , pay for themselves .
Want to do something in your own community to respond to BP ’s oil spill ?
Here are ten changes worth considering :
1. Complete streets .
Towns and cities can’t rebuild their roadways overnight to make them safe for walkers , bikers , children , and wheelchair users .
But they can pass Complete Streets policies that require all renovations and new roads to be designed for a full range of users , not just autos .
Places as diverse as Charlotte , N.C. , Salt Lake City , and Hernando , Miss . ( pop. 6,812 ) , have adopted such plans , which encourage traffic - calming elements like curb extensions , bike lanes , median islands , and pedestrian signals .
Wikimedia Commons2 .
Build near transit .
Subway and light rail lines do n’t come cheap , so cities that have them should make the most of them by surrounding stations with useful services — residential , retail , office , and medical space — rather than parking lots .
Development along the Metrorail in Arlington County , Va. , ( right ) is a textbook example .
One caveat : New transit stops drive up property values , so it ’s key to pair transit - oriented development with affordable housing measures to keep from pricing out low - income residents , according to Judith Bell , president of the Oakland equitable development nonprofit Policylink .
3 . Let the market lead .
Consumer demand for compact , transit - friendly development has been rising — a recent study of construction trends found that urban neighborhoods have more than doubled their share of home construction in most metro areas .
But many zoning codes make new compact neighborhoods illegal by requiring minimum lot sizes , street widths , street setbacks , and parking space .
Removing these restrictions — something small - government libertarians should support — would address the problem of mandated sprawl .
4. Demand density .
Form - based zoning lets local governments decide the characteristics an area should have ( say , mixed use and medium density ) , then require developers to meet those standards .
Taxpayers have good reason to demand such proactive planning , since sprawling development requires more public spending on roads and water and sewage lines .
The recession is a natural time to revisit zoning codes , said David Goldberg , author and communications director for Smart Growth America .
“ Obviously , in terms of building , we ’re not doing a whole lot right now , ” he said .
“ But the downturn is a good time to take a look at zoning codes and see where they are promoting the stuff that ’s bad for us in the long term . ”
5 . Cut parking .
Few planning issues inflame emotions like parking , and few affect the quality of a place as much — parking eats up space , reduces walkability , and adds an incentive to drive .
Slashing parking wo n’t fly everywhere , but towns can plan for parking areas to be redeveloped in the future , when other transportation options arrive .
Many codes have arbitrary requirements — four spaces per thousand feet of office space , or two spaces per bedroom — that do n’t account for transit access and others surroundings .
“ There ’s no science to what most zoning codes require for parking , ” said Goldberg .
“ People go to war as though it were holy writ .
But the truth is that these ratios were pulled out of the air a long time ago . ”
6 . Free parking for car sharers .
Car - sharing programs such as Zip Car and the Center for Neighborhood Technology ’s I - GO take some 17 cars off roads for each one they add , according to CNT president Scott Bernstein .
Cities , which control massive amounts of parking space , could encourage such programs by giving members free or steeply reduced parking .
They could also designate those vehicles as transit , rather than rental cars , to reduce their cost .
Many such programs run off sensor cards , which could be integrated with transit cards to encourage usage .
Bikeportland.org7 .
Bike corrals .
In the low - budget category , street - side bike parking “ corrals ” fit more vehicles than parking spaces and leave sidewalks free for other uses .
In Portland , Ore. , 84 percent of merchants in a recent survey thought new bike corrals improved a streetscape .
8 . Be like Times Square .
Last year New York City experimented with closing Times Square and stretches of Broadway to autos .
The change proved so popular with retailers and tourists that the city made it permanent .
Towns could do the same with downtown squares to privilege walking and biking and to signify that main streets are places in themselves , not just routes to somewhere else .
Matt Yglesias9 .
Electronic bus schedules .
Posting real - time schedules at bus and rail stations removes guesswork and uncertainty from using transit , making it more appealing to occasional users .
If your bus is 10 minutes late , you ’ll know it .
Yes , there are apps that do this , but GPS - powered signs make it a public service .
10 .
Fight the powers that be .
Even places that want to kick auto dependency face pressure from the petroleum industry , surrounding towns , and state transportation planners to add expensive highway and bridge projects .
Leaders in the city of Seattle have fought tooth and nail to keep state politicians from building a $ 6 billion auto - only tunnel through the city ’s downtown .
If cities want to add transit and bus service , they ’ll have to ward off short - sighted road expansions .
Congress still controls some of the most important decisions for cutting the demand for oil .
The Senate ’s climate bill — the American Power Act — would include $ 7 billion a year to fund Smart Growth initiatives , according to one analysis .
And emergency operating aid to transit systems could have the largest short - term impact on oil demand — 84 percent of networks have cut services , raised fares , or are considering such measures , according to the American Public Transportation Association .
Those cuts fall hardest on low - income residents with few alternatives .
But Congress is … well , Congress .
The rest of us do n’t need to wait .
Question :
Who 's going to have the biggest comeback year in baseball -- Grady Sizemore , David Ortiz , Tim Hudson , Fausto Carmona , Ervin Santana , Rich Harden or Jose Reyes ?
Answer : None of the above .
The answer is me .
See , I stopped writing about baseball these past two years when the sabermetrics movement became too complicated for my liking .
Did I respect the work of Baseball Prospectus , Bill James , Rob Neyer , Joe Posnanski , Jonah Keri and everyone else in that community ?
Of course .
I just hated the finality of it , the concept that numbers could trump anything I was watching with my own two eyes .
If numbers always prevailed , what was the point of watching baseball or having arguments about it ?
I longed for the old days when you could say things like , " I hate watching J.D. Drew -- when is that contract going to end ? " and there was n't some dude lurking behind me with Drew 's stellar OPS , VORP and WAR numbers saying , " Well , actually ... "
Look at that last sentence again .
[+]
Enlarge Cliff Welch / Icon SMI
Why is Bill suddenly happy about Adrian Beltre ?
Because fielding metrics rate him as one of the best defensive third basemen in the game .
Fundamentally , it 's moronic .
I just admitted I longed for the old days ... you know , when we were poorly educated about what we were watching .
Back in the mid-'70s , when I fell in love with baseball as a kid , we judged players by five offensive stats ( batting average , homers , RBIs , steals , runs ) and five pitching stats ( wins/ losses , innings , strikeouts , ERA , saves ) .
You could fit those 10 numbers on the back of a baseball card .
Everyone was OK with it .
The numbers had simplicity and elegance , mainly because we did n't know any better .
My first favorite player was Freddie Lynn , Boston 's unflappable center fielder , the first player to capture the rookie of the year and most valuable player awards in the same season .
I still have his beaten - up 1976 Topps card in my wallet -- not because I 'm a freak , but because it 's been a good - luck charm in every wallet I 've owned .
( Note : I met Lynn at the 2003 Celebrity All - Star Game , pulled the card out and had him autograph it for me .
He was n't nearly as freaked out as he should have been . )
It 's one of the few cards that captures him at the peak of his powers : young Freddie finishing off his looping lefty swing , wearing the mid-'70s Red Sox duds , a yellow " Topps All - Star Rookie " trophy hogging the bottom right of the card , the Hall of Fame ( presumably ) waiting for him .
Every time I look at that card , I feel like I 'm 6 years old again .
I can rattle off his 1975 stats from the back of that card without looking : 145 games , 528 at - bats , 103 runs , 175 hits , 47 doubles , 7 triples , 21 homers , 105 RBIs , .331 batting average .
In 1975 , that was all you really needed to know ... and not to sound like Grumpy Old Man , but that was the way we liked it !
Thirty - five years later , those numbers do n't tell us nearly enough .
What was his OPS ? ( .401 OBP + .566 slugging = .967 OPS , good for first in the American League ) .
What was his OPS - plus ?
( 161 , good for second . )
How was his defense ?
( Won a Gold Glove . )
Did he swipe bases ?
( 10 steals , 5 caught . )
How many win shares ?
( 33 , led the AL . )
How 'bout his VORP ?
( 63.2 , fifth in the AL . )
Or his Wins Above Replacement ?
( 7.1 ... very good , not otherworldly . )
Intangibles included a riveting World Series and the simple fact that no baseball player was cooler than Freddie Lynn in 1975 .
He had the best swing , the best end - of - the - inning jog , the best throw , the best diving catches , the best everything .
Even Yankees fans would agree .
Throw everything together ( visual and sabermetric ) , and 1975 Freddie Lynn stands the test of time .
But I had to do some work to prove it .
And that 's what this is all about : work .
Not everyone wants to work to follow sports .
This is n't school .
We do n't want to do homework .
We do n't want to study .
We just want to watch games .
Hence , my attitude for the past few years could be summed up like this :
" I watch every Red Sox game ; I do n't need advanced metrics to tell me that Rocco Baldelli sucks . "
Things shifted this winter when the Sox executed their pitching - and - defense strategy for 2010 .
Instinctively , I hated it .
I thought the Sox were headed toward 95 wins , a plethora of 3 - 2 games and an October destiny of one - run losses in which nobody could get The Big Hit .
Why build a team around pitching and defense when playing half the games in Fenway Park -- a place with no foul territory and a left field so tiny even Manny Ramirez could handle it ?
Why emulate the 2009 Mariners , noncontenders who went all defense specifically because of their stadium ( Safeco , a notorious pitchers ' park ) and because it was their best possible way to find value that winter ?
Why try a * gimmick * when you can simply outspend everyone else ?
Baseball friends I trusted kept telling me , " It was the right move .
The Red Sox made themselves better in the short term without tying up their long term .
Win-win .
They 're going to be really good . "
I did n't want to believe it .
Cautiously , nervously , I started researching the advanced stats , begrudgingly coming to one conclusion :
The baseball friends were right .
Baseball is an individual sport disguised as a team sport .
The players are Strat - O - Matic cards with arms and legs .
Like Strat - O - Matic , there 's more than a little luck involved , but other than that , you are who you are .
The numbers do n't lie .
Coming up with the right numbers ... that 's the trick .
And the numbers indicated the 2010 Red Sox would get on base , get quality starts and catch the ball much better than in 2009 .
Little did I know , the ball was rolling for me .
I spent March reading and surfing sabermetrics for mostly selfish reasons ( " I want this column to be better , " " I want an edge for fantasy purposes , " " I'm bored " ) , but also because the advanced formulas were n't nearly as intimidating as I had expected .
Full disclosure : I , um ... I - I kinda like them .
I even understand why stat junkies take it so personally whenever a mainstream guy spouts out an uninformed baseball opinion .
It 's too easy to be informed these days .
Takes a lot less time than you might think .
Without further ado , here are seven statistics that -- assuming you are n't already saber - obsessed -- will help you understand baseball better without cluttering your mind , breaking your brain or causing you to feel like you 're trapped in an AP calculus exam from hell .
These stats make understanding baseball more fun .
At least for me .
FUN STAT NO .
1 : OPS
The formula : on - base percentage plus slugging percentage .
The goal : Capture a player 's ability to get on base and hit for power in a simple way so he can be compared to every other player .
Translation : " Let 's stop relying on batting average , homers and RBIs ; we 're embarrassing ourselves . "
The flaws : Besides weighing on - base and slugging the same ( as Keri points out , " OBP [ the ability of a hitter not to make outs ] is far more important than SLG , since baseball is completely governed by outs " ) , there are times when the results just look dead wrong .
Like Milton Bradley leading the AL in OPS in 2008 , or Ichiro ranking 45th that season ( one spot behind Ryan Garko ) even though he had 213 hits and stole 43 of 47 bases ( so clearly , he had SOME offensive value ) .
Then again , is any stat perfect ?
Zack Greinke finished with one fewer win than Scott Feldman last season ... that 's not a flawed stat ?
My take : I know , we started off with a layup .
But OPS was brilliantly simple 10 years ago and remains brilliantly simple today : a quick , easy , succinct way to determine whether someone is great , good , average , below - average or Varitekian on offense .
Peter Gammons and Rob Neyer were the mainstream writers who helped popularize OPS .
At the time , it felt like Gammons had started wearing leather pants or perming his hair Jack Sikma - style .
Whoa , Peter !
Settle down !
We know you want to keep up with the young kids , but not like this !
No longer .
Ignore OPS at your own peril .
I love it for its simplicity and accuracy .
Crack .900 , and there 's a phenomenal chance you 're a really good offensive player .
Drop below .700 , and there 's a phenomenal chance you suck , unless you 're stealing a ton of bases ( and even then , you still kinda suck ) .
Why include it in this column ?
Because I 'm still not convinced all fans understand it , nor am I convinced it 's gone mainstream .
Even today , right now , ESPN.com 's main baseball statistics page includes only three offensive leaderboards : batting average , homers and RBIs .
( Note : That 's doubly insulting -- not just leaving out OPS , but leaving out OPS at the expense of RBIs , a stat so flawed it 's going to cause a riot at MIT 's Sloan Sports Analytics Conference one of these years . )
That tells me we need to keep spreading the gospel .
It 's my favorite baseball formula .
Of course , like with all roaring successes , they had to spin it off ...
FUN STAT NO .
2 : Adjusted OPS ( OPS - plus )
The formula : 100 x ( OBP / park - adjusted league OBP + slugging / park - adjusted league slugging - 1 ) .
The goal : Adjust a player 's OPS , including the effects of his home ballpark , so it makes sense in the context of that specific season / era .
Translation : " We need to figure out an effective way to throw some water on the steroid era hitters historically ; otherwise , people will think Todd Helton was one of the 15 greatest hitters of all time . "
The flaws :
More complicated than it lets on ; rates OBP and slugging the same ; gets into murky territory with the whole " adjusting for parks " thing .
Update : Apparently OPS + does weigh OBP more heavily than slugging , but Baseball - Reference has n't updated its formula on its glossary page .
My take : Love the concept , do n't love the execution .
Right now , everything plays off the number 100 .
If you have a 100 OPS - plus , you 're average .
From there , your OPS - plus increases by two points for every percentage point you 're better than everyone else that season .
When Albert Pujols led the National League in 2009 with a 188 OPS - plus , that meant he was 44 percent better than average ( 100 + 88 / 2 ) before correcting for park factors .
That 's already too complicated for someone like my father .
He 's out right there .
If your stat is complicated AND hard to relate to , that 's a deadly combo .
In fact , let 's use my father as the s--- detector for whether a statistic is too complicated or not .
Dad is an extremely intelligent ( law degree , master 's , Ph.D. ) , die - hard sports fan who watches every Red Sox game ... or at least , the first six innings of every game before he falls asleep , then calls me three hours after the final out to ask me what happened .
I called him this week to ask whether he knew what OPS was .
We had this exchange :
Dad : " I think so .
It 's two stats combined to make a better stat . "
Me : " But you do n't know which ones ? "
Dad : " No .
But I know it 's good if you have a high OPS . "
It took me five seconds to explain the formula .
He understood immediately .
OPS - plus did n't go over so well .
It took me a minute to explain it .
So we start at 100 , and then every point you 're better than 100 equals half a percentage point that you 're better than everyone else ...
By the time I was finished , he admitted he had listened only to the first sentence , then started thinking about taking his dogs for a walk .
That 's a problem .
He did understand the point of the stat : to prove things like " Albert Pujols was 44 percent better than everyone else as a combination power / on - base guy in 2009 . "
So if the goal of OPS - plus is to account for a player 's performance over the norm for a specific season ... why not just make that the stat ?
What 's easier to understand ?
Door No. 1 : Albert Pujols led the NL with a 188 OPS - plus in 2009 .
Door No. 2 : Albert Pujols ' OPS - plus was 44 percent better than that of the average 2009 National Leaguer ( first in the NL ) .
We lose my dad with Door No. 1 .
We keep him with Door No. 2 .
That brings up something I first mentioned at last month 's Sloan Conference :
In my opinion , the biggest challenge for sabermetricians ( not just in baseball , but in every sport ) is making their numbers more accessable to all types of sports fans .
The 1980s were about introducing sabermetrics ( with Bill James leading the way ) .
The 1990s were about working out the kinks .
The 2000s were about three things : a generation weaned on the James era creating its own formulas and pushing things to another level ; front offices incorporating advanced metrics into their own evaluations ; and the mainstream media begrudgingly accepting that there were new ways to look at the sport ( although there 's a ton of work left , obviously ) .
Now we 're here .
We have so many precise ways to break down baseball players that you could skip watching an entire season and still know exactly what happened , and yet , a disconnect between sabermetricians and regular fans remains .
Why ?
Because regular fans do n't want to clutter their brains with things like , So we start at 100 , and then every point you 're better than 100 equals half a percentage point that you 're better than everyone else ...
Important note : I 'm not absolving regular fans , although you can't put a gun to their heads and force them to care about this stuff .
Nor should media members be absolved .
( For example , any mainstream writer , announcer or talking head who discusses someone 's 2010 power credentials solely by referring to homers and RBIs needs to hop in the Hot Tub Time Machine and go back to 1986 . )
But we do n't want sabermetrics to be exclusionary , either .
What good does that do ?
A stat like OPS - plus just seems stubborn to me :
Its appeal could be broadened with a simple tweak , only nobody wants to make it .
Why not ?
I like being bothered by it .
That 's what makes OPS - plus fun for me .
So there .
FUN STAT NO .
3 : UZR ( Ultimate Zone Rating )
The formula : Just split a baseball field into 64 zones , then do about 255 more things , and you 're done .
It 's that easy .
( Just kidding .
It 's really , really complicated .
The " How to calculate UZR " section of this post by Alex Remington breaks it down nicely .
And even that took several paragraphs and a special grid . )
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Charles Krupa Mike Cameron should prove to be a big upgrade defensively over Jacoby Ellsbury .
The goal :
To calculate the batted balls cost or saved in each of those 64 zones during the course of the season , then determine each fielder 's efficiency from his cost / saved total versus what it should have been .
As creator Mitchel Lichtman says , UZR is " the number of runs above or below average a fielder is in both range runs , outfield arm runs , double play runs and error runs combined . "
Translation : " If a fielder stinks , we will know .
If a fielder is mediocre , we will know .
If a fielder is great , we will know .
Just trust us . "
The flaw : A tendency for wild fluctations in the year - to - year data .
Like Carl Crawford 's UZRs since 2003 : 14.7 , 23.3 , 15.5 , 9.4 , minus - 1.2 , 19.1 , 17.6 .
So , um ... what happened in 2007 ?
Was he playing with a fake leg ?
Was he doing heroin ?
You 're better off taking three - year samples with UZR over grabbing one season .
( Is this going to stop me from spinning solely 2009 UZR numbers to make me feel better as a Red Sox fan over the next two paragraphs ?
Of course not . )
My take : I 'm one of those " I do n't care how you killed the cow ; just serve me a great steak " guys .
If the results are logical and easy to understand , I 'm pouring some A1 sauce on that formula and eating it .
UZR qualifies .
I mentioned earlier how defensive stats made me reconsider Boston 's 2010 game plan .
An excellent Web site called fangraphs.com helped me see the light .
According to 2009 UZR / 150 ( UZR prorated to 150 games ) , the 2010 Red Sox have the AL's best incumbent defensive third baseman ( Adrian Beltre ) , second baseman ( Dustin Pedroia ) , right fielder ( Drew ) and first baseman ( Kevin Youkilis ) , as well as its third - best center fielder ( Mike Cameron ) .
I explained this to my confused father , who understood enough to point out , " Wait , that 's more than half the guys on the field . "
Exactly !
It 's the best defensive team in Red Sox history , which is like saying , " The sexiest women 's Final Four in NCAA history , " but still .
Throw in three top - shelf starters , a solid bullpen , a lineup that works pitchers and gets on base ...
I mean , it 's definitely a team built for the grind of the regular season .
Play the percentages , get as many guys on base as possible offensively , save as many outs as possible defensively , let the odds fall in their favor .
I can sign off on that .
The more I played around with fangraphs.com , the more I realized , " Hey , there 's really something here . "
The numbers for Boston players jibed with what I had been watching all last season .
For instance , Jacoby Ellsbury had lousy instincts in center , his jumps were routinely late , he took bad angles on balls , he drove me crazy week after week ... and yet , he is fast and committed only two errors all season .
How bad could he have been ?
Well , UZR was n't fooled .
Ellsbury finished fifth - worst out of any AL starter with an awful minus - 18.3 UZR / 150 ranking .
Now we have Cameron patrolling center : 15.6 UZR /150 in 2008 , 10.3 in 2009 .
Upgrade .
Whether he will negate that upgrade by striking out in big spots again and again remains to be seen .
Last thought : I was furious all winter that Boston jumped the gun by signing Cameron over pursuing Johnny Damon , a durable , playoff - proven offensive player who already showed he could handle Boston .
But after researching Damon 's defensive stats ( 2009 : minus - 12.1 UZR /150 ) , if we stuck Damon next to Ellsbury in Boston 's 2010 outfield , we should have just signed Ted Williams ' head to play right .
It would have been a defensive apocalypse .
Thank you , fangraphs.com , for making me smarter .
I think .
FUN STAT NO .
4 : VORP ( Value Over Replacement Player )
The formula :
Not nearly as complex as UZR , but complicated nontheless .
Neyer does a good job of explaining it here ( the stat was created by Baseball Prospectus ) .
The goal : Figure out someone 's " value over replacement player " by weighing his ability to create runs ( for hitters ) or create outs ( for pitchers ) against the worst possible player who conceivably could have played the position ( the replacement player , defined as someone who 's 75 - 85 percent as good as the most average player in the league depending on position ) .
The flaw : Does n't incorporate defense .
My take : I love four things about VORP :
1 . It 's not easy to figure out , but it 's easy to understand .
Pujols led baseball with a 98.3 VORP last season ; that means he created 98.3 more runs than a generically sucky replacement - level first baseman .
Ronny Cedeno finished last with a minus - 15.4 VORP , meaning he created 15.4 fewer runs than a generally sucky replacement - level shortstop ... so he really , really , REALLY sucks .
And sure , a sarcastic anti-sabermetrics guy could joke , " Great , we needed a stat that proved Albert Pujols was great and Ronny Cedeno sucked . "
But it 's the guys between them who make VORP work .
2 . It incorporates durability .
You can't miss 100 games and have a great VORP .
3 . Not only is VORP fun to say and it makes you sound informed , but it 's a hammer when used in the right hands .
This winter , a friend dropped VORP on me during an argument on why Anaheim 's 2010 offense was n't nearly as bad as I was claiming ; it was like bringing an Uzi to a streetfight .
The 2009 AL rankings : Torii Hunter , 20th ; Kendry Morales , 22nd ; Bobby Abreu , 30th ; Hideki Matsui , 35th ; Erick Aybar , 39th ; Mike Napoli , 47th ; Juan Rivera , 58th ; Maicer Izturis , 59th .
If Izturis beats out Brandon Wood for the third - base job , Anaheim 's only 2010 starter who did n't crack last year 's top 60 will be Howie Kendrick ... who struggled early but batted .358 after the All - Star break with a .949 OPS .
I lost that one .
Handily .
I do n't like losing .
4 . I 've written this before , but it's a fun phrase for everyday life and I 'm glad the Baseball Prospectus guys came up with it .
You could say someone who completely sucks in your office , dorm or family has negative VORP .
" John From Cincinnati " was a negative - VORP cable show , but " Californication " has a surprisingly good VORP because you can always count on it for nudity .
Ellen DeGeneres has negative VORP on " American Idol " this season ; in fact , she 's been so bad that Paula Abdul 's career VORP is better than we thought .
And to continue that analogy , Simon is Pujols , or maybe even Barry Bonds during the HGH era .
You get the idea .
Again , I am pro-VORP despite the fact that only the robo- nerds know exactly how to calculate it .
( Note : I 'm fine with this .
The cow / steak analogy again . )
Still , I like the following stat a little better .
FUN STAT NO .
5 : WAR ( Wins Above Replacement )
The formula : Even more complicated than VORP .
Jeff Aberle did an admirable job of breaking down the nuances last summer .
Elsa / Getty Images
If you dig into the numbers , you 'll realize Ben Zobrist was one of the most valuable players in baseball last season .
The goal : Take VORP to the next level by incorporating defense , then figure out exactly how many wins someone is worth ( his WAR value ) .
Translation : " VORP on steroids and greenies if you also ate a lot of candy and had a 40 - ounce coffee . "
The flaws : Assumes talent between the leagues is always equal .
And it would be ... if the National League did n't suck .
Also , WAR does n't work nearly as well for pitchers ( the AL / NL issue again ) , and the corresponding WAR / salary values are just plain goofy ... unless you think Zack Greinke should make $ 42 million a year .
My take : I stayed away from WAR ( too intimidated ) until Keri explained it easily on a B.S. Report last week .
The rest was history .
Here 's what won me over : According to the 2009 leaders , Ben Zobrist was worth 8.6 wins .
Led both leagues .
Even more valuable than Pujols ( 8.5 ) and Joe Mauer ( 8.1 ) .
Sounds a little ridiculous ... and yet , the dude single - handedly won my AL keeper league .
( My buddy Mike got him for $ 1 in last year 's auction .
This year 's keeper price ?
One dollar .
If Mike ever wins the lottery , he 's opening a sports bar called One Dollar Zobrist .
Which I will immediately set on fire . )
Nobody knows the power of Zobrist better than me .
I spent all of last season saying , " OK , seriously , WHAT THE F--- IS GOING ON WITH BEN ZOBRIST ??????? "
He had 599 plate appearances in 152 games , played seven positions and played frequently at two ( second base and right field , where he had an outstanding 16.0 UZR and 11.5 UZR , respectively ) .
So he was something of a Swiss army knife -- if somebody was injured or needed rest , the team just threw Zobrist there and kept rolling .
He also crushed it offensively : .948 OPS , 27 HRs , 17 steals and a .405 OBP .
The point is , it makes perfect sense that Zobrist led the league in WAR value .
It 's not a fluke .
It 's not stupid .
Had Tampa been a playoff team , " The Zorilla " would have been an MVP candidate .
One other thing to remember : WAR is just another way to think about what you 're seeing .
That 's it .
Maybe Franklin Gutierrez was n't the sixth - best American Leaguer ( WAR rating : 5.9 wins ) , but his sublime defense had a profound effect on the 2009 Seattle team and his ( maybe a little too high ) ranking reinforces that .
Shin-Soo Choo did n't exactly have me chewing my nails when he played Boston , but seeing his WAR rating ( 5.0 wins ) made me say , " Maybe I underestimated him ; I 'm gonna spend the next 10 minutes looking at that dude 's stats . "
I did n't do backflips when Boston signed Marco Scutaro -- coming off a career year at age 35 -- to play shortstop , but WAR had him ranked as the fifth - best shortstop in baseball ( 4.5 wins ) , so I felt better about it ... especially when WAR had him one spot ahead of A - Rod on the overall list .
Woohoo !
Suck it , A - Rod !
Of course , what 's fun about complicated stats if they can't help us for fantasy ?
That brings us to my final two favorites .
FUN STAT NO .
6 : BABIP ( Batting Average on Balls In Play )
The formula : ( hits - homers ) / ( at- bats - K's - HR + sac - flies ) .
The goal : Measure BABIP to determine whether a pitcher or hitter had good luck or bad luck .
In 2009 , the major league BABIP average was .299 .
If a pitcher 's BABIP dipped well below that number , he might have had good luck .
If it rose well above that number , he likely had terrible luck .
The reverse goes for hitters .
Translation : Six words ...
FANTASY !
GAMBLING !
FANTASY !
GAMBLING ! FANTASY !
GAMBLING !
The flaw : I hate this stat for hitters -- too many variables can swing it , as Tristan Cockcroft pointed out on ESPN.com earlier this month .
But the pitchers ... oh , yes , the pitchers .
My take :
It 's a disadvantage if you play fantasy without checking BABIP .
For example , we were offered Scott Feldman in my AL league last month .
Five - dollar keeper , 17 wins in 2009 , Opening Day starter ... a lot to like .
When I crunched his advanced metrics ( I know , I know , what happened to me ? ) , his BABIP stood out worse than Martha Plimpton 's mugging in " How To Make It In America . "
According to this list ( scroll down halfway ) , Feldman was the second - luckiest pitcher in the league .
His BABIP was 34 points lower than it should have been .
Terrifying .
Co-owner Hench and I made the trade anyway .
We had to .
We needed pitching .
I 'm fully prepared for him to screw us .
If it happens , at least we 'll be ready .
I already bought the red ball to shove in my mouth .
Douglas Jones / US
Presswire
If you have n't held your fantasy draft yet , here 's Bill 's advice : Get Brett Anderson .
On the flip side , Jon Lester 's over / under for wins this season is just 14.5 .
He won 16 in 2008 and 15 in 2009 .
His 2010 defense is SIGNIFICANTLY better ( as covered earlier ) , and if that 's not enough , his 2009 BABIP ( .314 ) was 11 points higher than expected .
Does n't 15 wins seem like a lock ?
And what about a flier on Lester at 9 - to - 1 to win the Cy Young Award ?
You know , if gambling were legal ?
As Cockcroft mentioned in his piece , BABIP is n't a slam dunk every time -- too much hinges on a pitcher 's defense , ballpark or style ( ground ball versus fly ball , etc. ) -- but it 's just another way to evaluate someone .
I like checking it with line - drive percentage , which measures the percentage of line drives a pitcher gives up per season ( if it 's a low rate , there 's a good chance he has excellent stuff and hitters have trouble getting good wood off him ) .
And why ?
Because occasionally , you 'll notice things like this :
Brett Anderson's 2009 BABIP ( .312 ) versus expected BABIP ( .291 ) : plus - 21 ( second - unluckiest in AL )
Brett Anderson 's 2009 line - drive percentage : 15.1 percent ( second - lowest in AL ) .
Does this mean you should ...
(A) Immediately start buying Brett Anderson 's rookie cards
( B) Take Brett Anderson two rounds earlier than you wanted in fantasy
(C) Wager on Anderson as a long - shot Cy Young pick at 30 - to -
1
(D) All of the above
(E) None of the above
The answer : Just B if you do n't have any more information than what I just gave you .
But let 's say you already liked Anderson .
( And why would n't you ?
He 's a much - ballyhooed Oakland prospect who submitted a sneaky - great rookie season : 4:06 ERA , 175 innings , 150 K's , 45 walks , 1.28 WHIP ) .
And let 's say you watched him pitch and liked the way he carried himself .
( In July , I watched him throw a mega - gem against my Sox : complete game , two hits , no walks , 9 K's , 111 pitches .
Super impressive . )
And let 's say you noticed Anderson has Coco Crisp ( 2009 UZR : 19.6/150 games ) playing center now .
And on top of everything else , he 's a year older and wiser .
Incorporating that BABIP / line - drive information , are you feeling better about " ( D ) All of the above " ?
Absolutely .
But still , you need to bring in the hammer ...
FUN STAT NO .
7 : FIP ( Fielding Independent Pitching )
The formula : ( HR x 13 + ( BB + HBP - IBB ) x 3 - K x 2 ) / IP , plus a league - specific factor ( usually around 3.2 ) .
The goal : Eliminate everything a pitcher can't control ( defense , park effects , bloop singles , etc. ) and concentrate on the stuff he can control ( strikeouts , walks , home runs , etc. ) .
Translation : " Even though the formula looks confusing as all hell , trust us , this is gonna work . "
The flaw :
This might not even be the best FIP stat .
Expected FIP ( or xFIP ) corrects HR / fly ball rate to the expected level , covering any pitcher who had bad luck with a couple of wind - blown homers or wall - scrapers .
A little too fancy for me ; I 'm old - school with FIP , a stat Keri introduced to me 10 whole days ago .
My take :
In Keri 's explanation , here 's the part that won me over : " FIP can serve as a good indicator of a pitcher 's true worth -- and better yet , can be an excellent predictor of what he 'll do in the future .
Best / easiest of all , FIP runs on the same scale as ERA .
So 3.00 is great , 4.00 is decent , 5.00 + sucks . "
Hmmmmm .
At that point of the e-mail , I felt like someone being wooed by an infomercial .
Wait a second , so I can get the abdominal cruncher , the pizza cutter AND the nose - hair clipper for only $ 19.95 ?
What 's the catch ?
Then Keri laid down the hammer .
We had already been exchanging e-mails about how much we both liked Anderson this season .
Keri explained the following :
-- Anderson 's 2009 ERA was 4.06 ( 20th among AL starters ) .
-- Anderson 's 2009 FIP was 3.69 ( ninth among AL starters ) .
-- Anderson 's ERA / FIP difference was plus - 0.36 ( third among AL starters ) .
So basically , every conceivable variable was pointing to the same thing : Brett Anderson will be better in 2010 than he was in 2009 .
I believed this anyway .
Now the metrics were backing it up .
Just for kicks , I checked the Red Sox guys -- from watching them all season , I would have bet that Lester and Beckett had a better FIP than ERA , and that Papelbon ( total smoke and mirrors season , lots of luck , nearly gave me 20 heart attacks ) would have a significantly better ERA than FIP .
Lester was plus -0.26 .
Beckett was plus-0.23 .
Papelbon ?
Minus - 1.20 .
Eighth - worst of any AL reliever , worst of any AL closer .
And on that note , I was hooked on FIP .
The next day , someone offered us $ 18 Bobby Jenks in our keeper league .
I never played the FIP card with the Feldman trade ; now I had extra ammo .
And according to ERA / FIP differential , Jenks was even worse than I thought in 2009 : 3.71 ERA , 4.47 FIP , minus - 0.75 difference .
Translation ?
PASS !
I already thought Jenks looked like crap last season ; now I felt doubly sure .
Gotta love FIP .
The only thing I 'd change about it :
They should have picked a better acronym .
I would have gone with FLIP ( " Fielding Less Independent Pitching " ) , PAFFY ( " Pitching After Fixed Fielding Yearly " ) or PUFFDADDY ( " Pitching Under Fielding Fixes Done Awesomely Dude Daily Yearly " ) .
In fact , I 'd like to volunteer to be the VP of Common Sense for all sabermetric acronyms starting today .
Even something as simple as an acronym should have a catchy hook coming out of the gate .
Here 's a formula I just made up : Fan - friendly = good .
Even if I can't be the Acronym VP , please count me in ( a few years too late , admittedly ) to the saber party .
Right now , I have seven favorite advanced stats .
In two months , it might be 10 .
In a year , it might be 12 .
The days of judging Freddie Lynn by .331/21/105 are long gone .
You can't write about baseball in 2010 ( or play serious fantasy or gamble or have an educated conversation ) without embracing sabermetrics .
Fight it , and you 're just being stubborn .
You know who 's really scared ?
Mike of One Dollar Zobrist fame .
He won our keeper league the past two years .
I thought he was the luckiest bastard on the planet .
Now I know better .
Mike had been quietly using sabermetrics all along ; One Dollar Zobrist was no accident .
His 2008 numbers : 227 at - bats , 12 HRs , .505 slugging and just a . 252 BABIP ( low for a hitter ) .
Translation :
He hit for power , had bad luck , played multiple positions and happened to be hitting his late 20s .
Mike sniffed him out like the sleeper he was .
The question was n't " Why was Mike so lucky with One Dollar Zobrist ? " but " Why did we allow Mike to pay only $ 1 for Zobrist ? "
Nothing like that will ever happen again .
Not on my watch .
When I mentioned that to Mike this week -- part boast , part threat -- he laughed and said , " Uh-oh , Billy 's catching on .
The genie is out of the bottle ! "
Damn right it is .
Too bad I did n't let the genie out sooner .
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com and the author of the recent New York Times best - seller " The Book of Basketball . "
For every Simmons column and podcast , check out Sports Guy 's World .
Follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/sportsguy33.
( Newser ) – Something is sucking up hydrogen on one of Saturn 's moons and NASA scientists believe it could be alive .
Data from the Cassini probe suggests there is less hydrogen and acetylene on Titan 's surface than scientists expected , a phenomenon that could be explained by the existence of primitive , methane - based lifeforms , the researchers write .
" We suggested hydrogen consumption because it 's the obvious gas for life to consume on Titan , similar to the way we consume oxygen on Earth , " one of the astrobiologists says .
" If these signs do turn out to be a sign of life , it would be doubly exciting because it would represent a second form of life independent from water - based life on Earth . "
( Read more Saturn stories . )
CANNABIS CULTURE – Imprisoned marijuana activist Marc Emery has been held in solitary confinement in an American prison for unknowingly breaking an apparently unwritten rule by having his wife record a phone conversation for publication as an online podcast , which was never released .
Click here to read Jodie Emery ’s blog about her first visit with Marc .
[ UPDATE : Marc is now in his THIRD WEEK of solitary confinement in a US prison !
He has been denied telephone calls to his lawyer , even though that is supposed to be a prisoner right .
He asks for the phone call every day , and has been denied every time .
Luckily he is still getting mail – find out how to send it to him here . ]
On Thursday , June 3 , officials at the SeaTac Federal Detention Center in the Washington gave Emery an official citation for allowing his wife , BC Green Party Director - at - Large Jodie Emery , to record a message from him over the phone , claiming it broke the prison ’s rule forbidding third - party calls .
Emery was locked in a Segregated Housing Unit ( SHU ) and denied access to books , television , the telephone or contact with his wife and family .
He will remain in the SHU until the prison holds an internal “ disciplinary hearing ” at an undetermined future date .
Emery ’s attorney Rick Troberman was allowed a brief visit on Tuesday , June 8 and said Marc has been locked in a very small for cell for 24 hours a day since Thursday , and could be there for a lot longer .
“ We do n’t know how long he will be in there , ” Troberman said .
“ It ’s frustrating because he certainly did n’t intend to break any rules and he ’s been doing everything he can to comply with the rules .
[ Recording podcasts ] was something that he did regularly while in custody in Canada and there was never a problem with it .
No one told him he could n’t do it here and as soon as he was told it was a violation of the rules he immediately sent a message to Jodie and told her not to broadcast it and she did n’t . ”
Emery ’s wife Jodie says she is devastated she has n’t been able to talk to Marc for almost a week .
“ It ’s horrible not hearing from my beloved husband , not knowing what ’s going on , when I ’ll be in touch with him next , ” she wrote in a recent blog post at Cannabis Culture .
“ And the solitary confinement is just the period where he waits for the punishment to be determined , as if it ’s not punishment enough !
They can take away phone , email , AND visits . ”
Libby Davies , New Democratic Party MP for Vancouver East , sent a letter to Canada ’s Minister of Foreign Affairs Lawrence Cannon today ( read letter below ) asking him to intervene to ensure that the rights and safety of Emery , as a Canadian citizen , are being respected .
Ujjal Dosanjh , Liberal MP for Vancouver South and member of the Committee on Justice and Human Rights , also expressed concern about Emery ’s treatment .
“ Marc should have access to consular officials and they should be vigilant in protecting Marc ’s rights under law in the US , ” said Ujjal Dosanjh , Liberal MP for Vancouver South .
“ Here you have a man who has pleaded guilty to charges that would never be laid against him in this country , our police forces have facilitated his arrest and extradition to the US for crimes we would never prosecute him for here , and now for essentially making a telephone call to his supporters he has been put in solitary confinement .
Solitary confinement is for serious disciplinary transgressions , not for something that you do when you do n’t even know it is against the rules .
Our government should be speaking to US authorities to have Emery sentenced as early as possible and then bring him home to serve his sentence . ”
Troberman said he though the punishment was unfair considering the circumstances .
“ It seems to me that this is a completely overblown reaction , ” he said .
“ There was nothing in the conversation that was derogatory about the Federal Detention Center or his current situation or anything else .
Why they ’re choosing to make such a big deal of it is , frankly , a mystery to me . ”
Before he was put in solitary , Emery managed to send an ’ email ’ through CorrLinks , a Bureau of Prisons messaging system , to his wife saying that he had read all the prison rules and that they did n’t mention anything about recording phone calls .
“ There ’s nothing in my rule book that says you ca n’t record my calls , so I thought it was OK , ” Emery wrote in a message published in his wife ’s blog post .
Emery is to remain in solitary confinement until his disciplinary hearing , where he will be given further punishment , which could mean the revoking of privileges or more time in the SHU .
Emery is not entitled to a lawyer during a disciplinary action .
Emery is currently awaiting sentencing after being extradited to the US by the Conservative government of Canada .
Emery was raided and arrested by the US DEA and Vancouver police in 2005 for selling marijuana seeds over the Internet and using the money to fund activism .
He agreed to a 5 - year plea deal in exchange for his two co-accused receiving probation in Canada .
After sentencing , Emery will apply for transfer to Canada for the remainder of his sentence .
Public Safety Minister Vic
Toews will decide if Emery will be allowed to come home .
Click here to listen to episodes of Marc Emery ’s Prison Podcast
Click here to read Marc Emery ’s Prison Blog
Letter From NDP MP Libby Davies to Canada ’s Minister of Foreign Affairs
June 8 , 2010
The Honourable Lawrence Cannon
Minister of Foreign Affairs
418 N Centre Block
House of Commons
Ottawa , ON K1A 0A6
Dear Minister Cannon ,
I write to ask for your immediate intervention into the seemingly harsh treatment of a Canadian citizen currently serving a sentence at the SeaTac Federal Detention Centre in Seattle , Washington .
Since Thursday , June 3 , Marc Emery of British Columbia , has been in solitary confinement awaiting disciplinary action for having recorded a conversation he had with his wife , in what amounts to a phone interview for his own internet blog .
Mr. Emery took all reasonable steps to be informed of all the rules and regulations that apply to him in his current circumstances .
He was never provided the information that having a conversation recorded is against the rules .
It is unreasonable that Mr. Emery be denied access to phones , books , writing materials and contact with his family for an undetermined amount of time .
It is unfair that further disciplinary measures are also being considered .
I have written your government on several occasions to express my opposition to sending any Canadian to a US prison for actions that do n’t merit prosecution under Canadian laws .
Having taken this rare step , Canada has a unique responsibility to Mr. Emery .
I ask that your office take all necessary steps to act immediately to ensure Mr. Emery ’s rights are being respected and safety protected , including his release from solitary confinement .
Sincerely ,
ORIGINAL SIGNED
Libby Davies MP Vancouver East
Few individuals have had as much influence on the practice ( as opposed to academic theory ) of software development than Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. His experience as leader of the IBM System / 360 computer and its Operating System / 360 , documented in The Mythical Man Month ( Addison - Wesley 1975 , 1995 ) continues to shape how we think about project management .
It would be difficult to find a more cited paper than his " No Silver Bullet : essence and accident in software engineering " ( Information Processing 1986 , Proceedings of the IFIPS Tenth World Computer Conference , ed , H. - J. Kugler .
Amsterdam : Elsevier Science , 1069 - 1076 ) .
The notion of a " silver bullet " as a single almost magical solution to difficult software and programming problems is an inescapable part of the vocabulary .
Brooks ' latest book , The Design of Design ( Addison - Wesley , 2010 ) extends his previous ideas and adds new insights into the nature and importance of design .
It will , no doubt , come to be considered as an essential resource in any professional developer 's library .
The book is subtitled , ' essays from a computer scientist , ' and consists of 20 chapters that can be read as if they were stand alone essays , with each chapter being somewhat loosely coupled to the others .
This is a good thing , because most readers will want to read this book chapter by chapter - not necessarily in order - and spend some time thinking about what has been said before proceeding .
In addition to the essays , the book offers eight case studies , ranging from the design of a beach house to the IBM System / 360 Architecture , illustrating some of the important concepts in the book .
Related Sponsored Content
Addison - Wesley has provided an excerpt from the book that includes the Preface , a Subject Index , and Chapter 6 - Collaboration in Design .
What is design ?
Dorothy Sayers ( English writer and dramatist - quoted by Brooks ) suggests that design has three phases :
The formulation of conceptual constructs , implementation in real media , and interactivity with real users .
Brooks notes that in his ' Silver Bullet ' paper he talked about the first phase , the conceptual construct , as THE essential difficulty of software engineering .
In 1986 , however , the ' conceptual construct ' seemed to have more to do with what was going on inside the computer as it executed its instructions ; and in the new book , the concern shifts more to that of architecture and the appearance and interaction of the program artifact in its environment .
It is interesting , that Brooks opens this chapter with a quote from Bacon :
[ New ideas would come about ] by connexion and transferring of the observation sof one Arte , to the uses of another , when the experience of several misteries shall fall under consideration of one mans minde .
which clearly talks about the value of cross - disciplinary inspiration and training .
Brooks does not follow up on this notion , even in later chapters where he discusses how to ' create ' great designers .
Several chapters are devoted to a discussion of models of design and design process .
Here Brooks severely critiques the prevailing , " rationalist , " model of design - the reader is most likely familiar with this as the ' waterfall method ' - concluding , " the Rational Model is much too simplistic . "
Multiple flaws with the rational model are noted , including " perhaps the most devastating critique of the Rational Model , is that most experienced designers just do n't work that way . "
( David Parnas is mentioned several times in the book , but not his famous paper , " The Rational Design Process : How and why to fake it , " another scathing critique of the Rational Model . )
Several other design models are considered , including :
Iterative evolutionary development , the closest Brooks comes to a discussion of agile methods .
Boehm's Spiral Model
And , open source , Raymond 's " bazaar model . "
The conclusion of this discussion : some process and model of that process is required for design - mostly for communication and to support collaboration - and that Barry Boehm 's spiral model is the one Brooks finds most promising . "
Other essays ( chapters ) in the book are focused on :
Collaboration and Team design , including issues raised by telecollaboration .
A discussion of " Rationalism " versus ' Empiricism ' with Brooks asserting that he is an avowed empiricist .
The value of constraints .
This essay echoes a lot of the " design " literature coming from industrial , product , and graphic designers .
A design brief ( the document used to start the design process ) must be ambiguous enough to allow freedom of thought and expression , but must clearly define any constraints .
Constraints limn the boundary within which creative and imaginative or innovative design thinking can take place .
A discussion of beauty and style .
Some notes on design techniques and practices that Brooks finds of value
" Requirements , Sins , and Contracts . "
And , a wonderful story of why JCL ( Job Control Language , for those of you that have not had the pleasure of working with mainframes ) is perhaps , " the worst programming language , ever ! "
Towards the end of the book , two chapters are devoted to the question of great designs and great designers .
Brooks notes immediately that great designs come from great designers , not from great design processes .
Brooks notes that the way we educate and train software professionals is not conducive to the development of great designers .
He notes that one of the major obstacles to educating great designers is the absence of continued practice and critique .
In this observation , Brooks indirectly acknowledges the educational critiques of others , notably Richard Gabriel , who compared his education as a poet with his Stanford Ph.D. in computer science and the almost total lack of practice , exemplars , and critiques in the latter .
InfoQ had the opportunity to submit some followup questions to Fred Brooks , the ' interview ' to be included as part of this article .
The Q and A :
Development projects have a lifecycle , whether the classic linear waterfall or iterative incremental ( Agile ) .
Is design something that occurs at a particular stage in this lifecycle or is it distributed across all phases ?
It is concentrated in the first few cycles of iterative development , but some occurs on each iteration .
If design occurs at each development stage , does it have different form , substance , or essence at each stage ?
Sure !
In the first iteration , the overall architecture is the central issue .
In successive iterations , the design effort focusses at an ever finer level , except for backtracking when one hits dead ends , or when one recognizes a change in the requirements or a new opportunity .
What role to constraints play in the design process .
[ Background to this question : Designers in other fields often rely on a " brief " - and they expect / need ambiguity in that brief in order to allow freedom to " design , " but they need clear articulation of the constraints that define the target region in which the optimal design will be found . ]
They shape both the overall architecture and , to a lesser degree , the detailing .
Are there distinctly identifable " errors " of design and can they be recognized as they occur ?
[ Or , are such errors like bugs in code , too often found long after they are made ? ]
The big errors are made at the beginning and rarely recognized .
If caught at all , it is usually after fielding .
The lesser errors surface as soon as coding begins and shout out when the first real user tests a prototype .
Most designers think of their activity as being highly collaborative - at a minimum a collaboration of the customer the designer and the thing being designed , but more often involving a team .
Would you agree that design is collaborative ?
And , if so , what are the consequences if the design team is geographically and temporally distributed ?
[ Obviously , looking for parallels to the general challenge of software development in today 's off - shoring environment . ]
I devote two whole chapters on Collaboration and Telecollaboration .
Yes , most of today 's design involves teams .
Design of general - purpose products , such as the iPad , does not involve collaboration with the customer .
For the design of a custom product for one client , I am a super - strong fan of early , intense , frequent , and on - going user testing with prototypes and surrogates ( such as virtual - environment models of buildings .
I do n't consider that collaboration between the user and the client in the design , however .
Do you have a short list , say six bullet point items , that would summarize the most important lessons your book offers to designers ?
Study your predecesssors ' works intently , to see how they solved problems .
Try to figure out why they made the design choices they did ; this is the most illuminating question to ask yourself .
Study your predecessors ' styles closely .
This is best done by trying to sketch something in their several styles .
Keep a " sketch book " in which you put ideas , designs , and pieces of designs , whatever your medium .
When starting a design , write down your assumptions about the users and the uses .
Design , design , design !
In your " Silver Bullet " article you talked about the " conceptual construct " and the immense difficulty of mere humans holding such a thing in their heads .
Do you think the insights in your current book address and / or resolve the essential difficulty of the conceptual construct ?
Address , certainly ; resolve , certainly not .
In Chapter 3 , you do a very nice job of critiquing the rational design process , especially as embodied in the Waterfall Method , and note that it is harmful and must be done away with .
Do you have any insights into the persistence of this harmful model ?
Are humans just perverse ?
Is it management 's fault even though the developers know better ?
Is there some cultural - at least in Western culture - biases that prevent us from going over the Waterfall ?
Chapter 4 argues that the persistence of the Waterfall Model in software engineering ( and it is not common in other design disciplines ) is due to the desire to enter into binding contracts with specified requirements much too soon .
In Chapter 20 you critique our education system ( gently , it is true ) and suggest that designer 's need to engage in " critiqued practice . "
Richard Gabriel has long advocated that computer science / software engineering programs should adopt the same kind of program as he experienced when obtaining is MA in Poetry .
( He long before earned his Ph.D. in CS ) : Tons of practice ( a poem a day at minimum ) , lots of critique ( peer and instructor ) , diligent study of Master Poets and Master Poems , constant self - relfection , and periodic retrospectives .
This seems to parallel your suggestions , so would you advocate that universities offer a Master of Fine Arts in Software ?
No .
Schön , in The Education of the Reflective Practitioner , argues the same thing with examples and particulars much more suited to design disciplines .
All engineering programs should emphasize that approach .
What other areas of study would improve a graduate 's ability to be a great software designer ?
Algorithms and data structures is the most essential study .
Computer hardware architecture .
Application areas , especially business data processing , database techniques and data mining .
Psychology , especially perceptual psychology , since the user is all - important .
The rational design process , indeed all of computer science and software engineering , have consciously adopted a fundamental model of the Universe - that of 20th century physics - a deterministic , mechanical , rational Universe .
If that is the nature or reality , then the rational , search tree , model of a design process makes a lot of sense .
If the universe is actualy a complex adaptive system the rational model fails .
Have you gone far enough to lay at least a foundation for a process for the design / modification of complex systems , like culture or even the business enterprise ?
I would not be so arrogant as to suggest any such thing .
IDEO is a very well known design firm , and its president , Tom Kelly , has written several books on design , design process , and design thinking .
One of his best is the Ten Faces of Innovation where he identifies ten roles that are needed in every design team .
( Anthropologist , Experimenter , Cross - Pollinator , Hurdler , Collaborator , Director , Experience Architect , Set Designer , Caregiver , and Storyteller . ) if you have any familiarity with this work , should similar roles be present in software design teams and how might this be done ?
I do n't know the work .
Sounds intriguing and useful .
You mention Christopher Alexander and his influence with Notes on The Synthesis of Form and A Pattern Language .
Those represent the " rational Alexander " but Timeless Way of Building and his magnum Opus , Nature of Order , are far more " mystical . "
Does the " Mystical Alexander " play any role in your ideas about design and design process ?
I have been influenced by The Timeless Way of Building .
Most of the attention to design in the realm of software is directed towards the artifact - the computer as it executes a program .
A growing area of practice ( but not yet academia ) is concerned with " user experience design " - with the system , the ecology , in which the artifact is embedded .
Do you have some specific suggestions for how user experience designers could benefit from your book ?
I think the advice given above applies equally well to user experience design , except that a liberal education is even more important for this field than for software engineering .
Can you identify 3 Master Designers ( any field ) and 3 Master Software Designers , and 4 or five Master Designs .
Exemplars we should all be studying and a short idea of why they are what they are ?
私は東京都内に住む40代前半の男性です。仕事は編集職をやっています。つまり時間は不規則なので昼でも自由な時間がわりかしとれるほうです。とはいえ、仕事がいつ入ってくるか分からないので、事前の予定は立てにくい。
ということで毎日その日の気分で行動を決めるような自堕落な生活なので、彼女の一人もできやしません。そんな私がもっぱら利用しているのが出会い系サイトです。
サイトにプロフィールを登録するだけで好みの女性と会える……なんて上手い話はあまりなく、コツコツ課金しながら相手のプロフィールを見て、課金しながらメッセージを送るって返事を待つんですが、あんまり返ってくることはないんですよね。でも、まったく返ってこないわけではないのが、出会い系サイトのおもいしろいところ。たまに返事が返ってくることがあるんですよね。
スミレさん似の女 性
その日、返事が返ってきた女性は次のスペックでした。都内在住、30代後半、顔は深津絵里に似ているとのこと。知りたい情報はまだまだありますが、踊るのスミレさん好きの私としては、顔だけで前のめり状態です。さっそくこちらも課金して返事を返します。レスポンスは意外と早く、またたく間にスミレさん（相手の女性です）のLINE番号をゲット！以下、LINEでのやり取りに続きます。
LINE でのやり取り
スミレ：こんにちは ！
私：こんにちは、今すぐ会いたいお！
スミレ：いきなりですね……東京都内なんですよね。
私：そうです。今日友達に約束すっぽかされて暇なんです。
スミレ：そうなんですか、でも今日は仕事があるので無理です。
私：残念
とまぁ、この日は終わり。まっ話の内容から言って、スミレさんとはここで終わるような会話でした……、と思っていたら、3日後にスミレさんからLINEが届いているじゃありませんか！
突然の出会 い
スミレ：いきなりごめんなさい、今、池袋にいますが、近くにいらっしゃいますか？
私：いますいます。30分くらいの場所にいます。でもどうしたんですか？
スミレ：友達に約束をすっぽかされました。
私：そうなんですね 。
スミレ：最近同じことを聞いたような……ということであなたのことを思い出しました。
私：嬉しい 。
スミレ：思い切っ てLINE を送ってみました。
私：会ってくれるってことでOK ？
スミレ：は い
私 ：30分で行きます 。
スミレさんとの出会 い
30分後、私は池袋に着きました。
私：着いた よ
スミレ：西口の 「 〇〇（店名）」で飲んでます。
私：はやっ！一人のみ（笑 ）
スミレ：暇してるんで（笑）
私：ダッシュで行きます。
店に入ってすぐスミレさんを発見！いやいや、正確にいうとスミレさんを2ランクくらい落とした感じですかね。とにもかくにも出会うことに成功しました。
私：はじめまし て
スミレ：はじめまして、何飲みますか？
私：レモンサワーが欲しいです。
スミレ：どうぞ 。
このような会話から始まり、打ち解けます。いやなんだか結構話があうぞ。さらに1時間くらいが立ちます。スミレさん、けっこう飲んでて眠たくなった様子。てかすでに12じ過ぎているけど、スミレさんって終電あるのか？
私：スミレさん、スミレさん、電車なくなるよ。
スミレ：ん ー
私：終電だって 。
スミレ：んー、もう終電行っちゃった。。。
終電後のホテ ル
チーン、っていうわけでスミレさんを連れてホテルにGOです。入ったのは池袋のアト○ンタだったかな。まぁ完全に酔っちゃってたので安めのホテルにインします。でもまぁ酔ってるだけに入ってすぐにセックスしちゃうのは無理かな。1時間ほど我慢して看病します。これもセックスのため。1時間ほどで意識が回復してきて、スミレさんも状況を把握してきたようですが、もうホテルに入っちゃたらしょうがない。まぁヤッちゃいますよね。30代後半でそれなりに経験あるようで上手でした。朝になります。
私：スミレさん、帰るよ。
スミレ：もうちょっと寝ていたい
私：いやいや、今日は予定あるから帰るよー
と、強引にチェックアウトして池袋駅に行きます。そして改札でスミレさんを見送って、その日はさようなら。
正直、話が合ったので、これからも会える期待大です。もしかして彼女ゲットかも！？もしかするとセフレかなー
なんて思いながら、次の日にスミレさんにLINEを送ります。
私：スミレさん、昨日は楽しかったです。
私：また、会いたいんだけど、日曜日は空いていますか？
私：都合が悪ければ、次の週でも大丈夫です。
私：スミレさん？ ？
私：スミレさん？？ ？
私：おーい ？
一夜限りの熱い夜だったようです 。
このようなエッチな体験を楽しんでいるのは私だけではありません。出会い系サイトの使い方を知りたい人は、出会い系ブログで色々な女の子とエッチしている松岡さんのブログが役に立ちます、
おすすめ：松岡のエログ
Iran ’s supreme religious leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , declared that President Obama ’s new nuclear strategy amounted to “ atomic threats against Iranian people , ” and Iranian state television reported Thursday that the military had begun a large exercise in the Persian Gulf , where the United States and Israel have both increased their presence in recent months .
The ayatollah ’s statement on Wednesday referred to the section of Mr. Obama ’s “ Nuclear Posture Review ” that guaranteed non-nuclear nations that they would never be threatened by a United States nuclear strike — as long as they are in compliance with the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty as judged by the United States .
Speaking in Washington on Wednesday , Gary Samore , Mr. Obama ’s top adviser on unconventional weapons , said the wording of the nuclear review was “ deliberately crafted ” to exclude Iran and North Korea from the security guarantee , creating an incentive for both countries to come into compliance with the treaty .
( While North Korea has conducted two nuclear tests and is believed to have fuel for eight or more weapons , the United States has never acknowledged it as a nuclear - weapons state . )
Mr. Samore insisted that Mr. Obama ’s decision did not amount to making a nuclear threat against Iran , which many Western countries believe is pursuing a weapon .
The policy , Mr. Samore said , referred only to the use of nuclear weapons in the most extreme circumstances , which most experts believe means in retaliation for a strike against the United States or its allies .
The 51 - year - old , from the village of Grimston , near Melton Mowbray , said : '' My wife Anne is not pleased about me going as a cow but I just want to do something different .
Milkmen and women are very quiet people usually , except for me .
6 Tips For Job Hunting During The COVID - 19 Outbreak 6 Tips For Job Hunting During
The COVID - 19 Outbreak While Coronavirus is the hot topic amongst your family , friends and colleagues , it is not only affecting the health of hundreds of people , it ’s also affecting the workplace environment and job security of people across the UK .
Despite the uncertainty , it is important to remember that a lot of companies are still recruiting .
Social distancing has become the new norm but this has n’t made it impossible to apply and interview for the roles that are still available thanks to easy online applications and the possibility of phone and video interviews .
So , here are a few tips to help you if you are job searching at the moment …
Multi- channel approach
Do n’t just rely on the same types of job searches you ’ve been doing time and time again if these tactics are n’t getting you anywhere .
Use a multi-channel approach to make sure you ’re covering all the bases !
A simple Google search will bring up tons of online job boards where you can search for jobs by location , salary , keywords and more .
This is always a good starting point but there are other avenues available to you .
Have you been keeping a list of contacts from previous jobs , networking events or other relevant forms of communication ?
Start emailing these people to see if they have heard of any job opportunities !
Do you know of any specific companies you ’d love to work for but are n’t sure if they ’re hiring ?
It ca n’t hurt to send them your CV and an explanation of why you believe you ’d fit into the company and what you can do for them !
Finally , do n’t forget about checking in with recruiters directly .
Here at ASC we can do a lot of the hard work for you .
We have our own jobs portal where we post all the latest job opportunities from our clients , and you can also upload your CV to receive job updates and career advice directly to your inbox .
We can also help with restructuring your CV , tailoring your interview skills and providing you with industry insights .
Be prepared to step out of your comfort zone
Yes some companies are still recruiting , but others have chosen to pause their search for new employees due to having to send staff to work from home .
This means there may not be as much variety within the specific industry you are wishing to work in .
Therefore , it ’s definitely worth keeping an open mind as to the kind of job you ’re searching for and perhaps researching other industries to see if there ’s more vacancies elsewhere .
Really take time to evaluate the experiences you have had before , what skills you have learned and which of those skills are transferable .
Transferable skills are your secret weapon to opening up opportunities for yourself in areas of work you may not have thought about before and could be the difference between you successfully stepping out of your comfort zone or staying put in an industry where you have exhausted all avenues for employment .
Switch up your CV
Your CV is the most important document you have when applying to jobs .
But did you know that you should be adjusting it every time you apply to a new role ?
It ’s good practice to read the job description thoroughly for any job opportunity and then tailor your CV to highlight the skills and experience relevant to the opportunity .
This makes it easier for the employers to see why they should hire you over someone else .
Anticipate delays and keep searching
While companies are dealing with the ramifications of Coronavirus , there may be delays in responses to your applications .
Do n’t let this get the better of you and make sure you keep searching and applying .
The more research you do and applications you send out , the more likely you are to get a response .
It also does n’t hurt to follow up on an application just to say that you hope they received it , thank them in advance for taking the time to read through it and give them a short reminder of why you applied in the first place .
Vamp up your LinkedIn profile Did you know that more than 90 % of recruiters use LinkedIn ?
It is the best social media platform at your disposal when it comes to job searching but it is also an opportunity to create your brand .
Once an employer reads your CV , they may be tempted to look you up online and if your Linked In profile matches the information you ’ve given in your CV they are more likely to see you as a trustworthy candidate .
If you already have Linked In , make sure all the information is up to date and make the effort to connect with people relevant to your experience and the industry you wish to work in .
If you have n’t got Linked In make sure you create a profile now !
It really can boost your chances at not only finding job vacancies but also the likelihood of being asked for an interview .
Practice your phone and video etiquette
If you manage to get to the interview stage of an application process this is now likely to take place over the phone or over video platforms like Skype due to the social distancing advice from Government .
If your interview is over the phone , this can make it more difficult to get your personality across as the employer will solely rely on the tone of your voice and range of vocabulary .
Try doing some mock interview questions with friends or family over the phone and get them to be honest with you about how you could improve your speech .
If your interview is over Skype or a similar platform , make sure you are camera ready !
It can be off - putting using these platforms as you can see yourself at the same time as the interviewer - make sure you keep your eyes on your interviewer instead of staring at yourself as this could mean you ’re tempted to fidget or get distracted from what is being asked .
It ’s also good practice to make sure you have a go - to space in your home where you can do these interviews .
It certainly would n’t look professional sitting in your bed in your loungewear !
Looking for a job can be tiring work but that ’s where ASC can help .
We take that stress away , supporting you to not only find a job and company that is right for you , but we can also help you achieve your career goals !
Find out more about how we can help here .
READ MORE
Women In Logistics : How To Attract Female Talent To The Industry Women In Logistics : How To Attract Female Talent To The Industry With the logistics industry still behind in terms of diversity , Yvonne Noble , Operations Manager at Balloon
One , shares her insight into what companies can do to encourage more women to apply for roles in logistics .
Research suggests that a higher level of diversity within an organisation contributes to higher financial returns and performance .
Yet , according to recent research , 85 % of the logistics workforce is made up of male employees , and 70 % of companies even admit to paying men higher salaries compared to women , so there ’s still a lot of work to be done .
On a smaller scale , if you create a more diverse and inclusive company culture , you ’ll enhance your business ’ ability to attract , recruit , and retain the best possible talent .
Below are my tips for attracting more female talent .
Start campaigning early Sourcing female talent starts with inspiring girls to pursue a career in logistics from a young age .
You can preserve the future talent pipeline by helping to encourage them to take STEM subjects at school .
STEM subjects equip young people with many of the skills they need to succeed in logistics , from data analysis to problem solving .
While on the rise , girls are still less likely to take STEM subjects like science and maths at GCSE , as well as at A - Level .
So , we need to establish a more balanced proportion at school level , which can be achieved by planning and hosting outreach programs and events .
You can do this alone or by teaming up with an organisation such as STEMettes who specialise in these experiences .
Gen Z are more likely to consider STEM career paths than millennials or boomers ( Best Colleges ) , so you should also work on attracting female talent through apprenticeships that target this generation , who are currently school leavers and recent graduates .
If you do n’t have an apprenticeship scheme in place , develop one and attend careers fairs at schools and colleges to engage with potential candidates early on .
That way , you can hire more female candidates straight out of education rather than having to convince an older generation to switch careers .
Change perceptions of the industry
For some industries like logistics and warehousing , out - of - date perceptions can be a big obstacle to overcome if you want to attract a more diverse range of talent .
That ’s why it ’s important to highlight the varied roles within logistics to show there ’s a job to suit every strength and weakness — from management to planning and operations — in your marketing .
It ’s also important to show that there are plenty of opportunities for development and progression within the industry , and that roles in logistics can make you a desirable candidate in careers up and down the supply chain .
So , women who learn key transferrable skills in logistics can move on to anything from manufacturing to buying roles later on .
Some women may also think they wo n’t be able to physically ‘ keep up ’ with some of their male colleagues , particularly if they ’re working at a warehouse operative level , for example .
So , it ’s worth making it clear that modern warehouses are full of high - tech machinery and state - of - the - art software to improve productivity and efficiency , and that a high level of physical strength is n’t necessarily important .
Get the hiring process right Word travels fast , and women will be less likely to apply for a role in logistics if the hiring process puts them off .
It ’s important to review your job profiles and descriptions to get rid of gendered language that could make them feel the position is n’t for them .
Try to avoid using aggressive or competitive language in your adverts , such as “ lead ” , “ analyse ” , and “ confident ” , and favour words like “ support ” , “ understanding ” and “ responsible ” instead .
Mentioning an inclusive culture and offering flexible working schedules is a must for diverse companies , as they are far more appealing to candidates both male and female .
Plus , a good work / life balance can have an amazingly positive impact on productivity and staff retention , so you ’ll benefit from these perks too .
It will also help to increase the visibility of women in your workplace , including having female staff present in the interview to demonstrate the diversity at your company and help put candidates at ease .
This will also prove useful should the candidate have any gender - specific questions , as the woman interviewing will be able to provide valuable insight .
Then , once you ’ve hired a new female member of staff , make sure she has access to female mentors and role models within your company who can show her the ropes .
Hiring more women can be a challenge if you are n’t receiving enough applications .
The tips in this guide can help you attract more women to your logistics company , so the industry can benefit from a more diverse range of talent .
Yvonne Smith is Operations Manager at the supply chain technology consultancy , Balloon One .
Having been with the company since 2006 , when it was a fraction of its current size , Yvonne has sat on the management team since 2012 .
She has leveraged her career in administrative roles to bring in both company - wide and functional process improvements .
Whilst managing the Service team , Yvonne was credited with driving customer satisfaction to new levels .
If you ’re looking for a job or star candidate within the Supply Chain , Procurement or Logistics industry , our ASC Connections team go the extra mile .
You can find out more about what we do here .
READ MORE
Recruitment Careers : What Makes a Successful Recruiter ?
It 's never been more important to understand how to be a successful recruiter .
Why ?
The UK recruitment industry is competitive .
There are currently circa 40,000 recruitment agencies and 115,000 people employed within it and it keeps on growing .
If you think that 84 % of recruitment agencies set up between 2008 and 2018 , it 's critical to ensure you are standing out in a crowded market place .
The Key To Being a Successful Recruiter
This article aims to help you understand the qualities of a successful recruiter , factors that impact your success as a recruiter and tips from real - life recruiters .
Qualities of Successful Recruiters
As mentioned , it 's a competitive marketplace .
It can be a very rewarding career but it is also very hard work as successful recruiters will tell you .
To stand out and be successful you need to have certain qualities .
Take a look at the list below and see if you have what it takes to make it to the top : Resilience - You 'll have good and bad times in recruitment , but you have to be resilient to get through the bad patches .
Confidence - if you do n't believe in your candidate , client or your ability to do the job , no one else will .
Driven -
Recruitment is a target driven industry , you need to be driven to meet those targets and goals .
Motivated - Without this quality , you will not make it as a recruiter .
You should be buzzing to come to work every day and if you 've had a bad day , draw a line and start a new day with a fresh perspective .
Good Communicator - you 'll be dealing with various people and will need to adapt your communication style to suit .
This is to ensure you 're getting your message across loud and clear .
Multitasker - you wear many hats as a recruiter .
You need the ability to find candidates , book in interviews , arrange start dates , liaise with clients , bring on jobs and the list goes on .
Problem Solver - thinking on your feet is needed in this job to resolve issues .
Such as why you can't find a candidate , or why a candidate should take your job and not another .
Factors that impact your success as a recruiter
As well as having the right qualities , you also need to ensure you are n't doing what everyone else is doing in recruitment .
Here are some factors that can impact your success .
How personal are you ?
Customer experience is everything now .
This means you need to make every interaction with clients and candidates personal .
Instead of asking ' are they interested in 'x job ' or 'x candidate ' , ask them more about themselves .
People love to talk about themselves so take the time to really listen .
What this means is do n't be a ' yes ' and ' no ' person .
Understand what they are saying , ask more questions and make the job or candidate personal to them .
For instance , a client tells you they are struggling to find someone who is the right cultural fit .
Instead of agreeing and advising you 'll look to find someone who is right , keep asking questions about the culture .
Not only what type of person but why were n't the previous hires right , was there anything in the interview stages that they could have picked up on etc .
In addition and if possible , offer something of value too such as free advice .
i.e this might help you because .
It will help you build relationships better .
Can you tell a good story ?
Your Story People buy from people because they can relate to certain scenarios or situations .
As well as making your interactions personal , turn them into stories people can relate to .
For example , you are speaking to a candidate who is telling you they want to leave their current job because of their Manager .
You tell a story of another candidate in a similar situation and the success they have had in their career since moving and working under a Manager that is better suited to them .
Being Human
It sounds so simple but is easily forgotten when you get into the day to day tasks .
As a recruiter , you will be under pressure to meet targets , such as phone time , jobs on , CVs screened and the list goes on .
A successful recruiter always remembers that the person they are speaking to is a human not a target .
Therefore , be empathetic and understanding .
Never be rude if it does n't go your way .
Put yourself in their shoes and ask yourself how you would like that conversation to go .
There is enough misconception about the recruitment industry and recruiters , do n't be one of those ' typical recruiters ' that people talk about .
Your Reputation A big factor that impacts your success as a recruiter is your ability to build a strong reputation .
To do this you need to think outside the box and do things differently .
Take time to build your personal brand
When building your reputation think as yourself as a brand .
You need to raise awareness about who you are and what you do .
Do n't just post jobs on boards and social media or email with jobs and candidates or phone asking if a company has a job .
Provide value .
As a recruiter , you speak to people every day .
Without realising you find out what 's going on in the market , find out common questions or themes from candidates and clients .
Use this information to your advantage .
For example , is there a common issue coming up when you speak to candidates ?
Recently one of our recruiters who works in the controls and automation space found many of his candidates were advising how easy it was to transfer skills between PLC platforms .
However , employers were unwilling to consider this .
He used this as a talking point , created a debate about it on social media and wrote a LinkedIn and website article .
All of which started to build his credibility as a recruiter and the knowledge within the market .
How narrow is your market ?
To really build your credibility as a recruiter , you need to develop your knowledge .
The best way to do this is by focusing on a niche or vertical market .
The less broad it is , the more success you will have .
Are you getting too complacent ?
When you start reaching your targets every week , month , quarter and for the year , you start reaping the rewards , financially and through sense of achievement .
However , sometimes when things are going well , it 's all too easy to sit back and let things happen .
Never become complacent .
You never know what is around the corner , your biggest client could pull the plug .
What then ?
Always strive for more and push yourself to achieve harder targets .
Tips from Recruiters
What a better way to understand how to become a successful recruiter than taking tips from real recruiters .
Do n't just send cv’s to jobs for the sake of fulfilling a KPI .
If you cannot find what they are looking for , take a consultative approach and discuss it with them .
You will come up with ideas and alternative options in which to be successful in finding them the talent they need .
Mark Dawson , Managing Consultant
Get to know your candidates , keep in touch with them regularly and be aware of their other activity .
They will buy into you as a person and this can sometimes be the difference in them taking your role over someone else 's .
Marie Weston , Internal Recruiter Focus on selling the opportunity to the candidate , whether it ’s via an advert , over the telephone or face to face .
Understand the strengths of your company and the position and then sell , sell , sell .
Do n’t just focus on what the candidate can bring to the business because in a candidate led market ( like the one we ’re in ) , you need to stand out from the crowd .
Neil Edwards , Business Manager What Next ?
If you feel you are doing all of the above and you 're still not achieving , maybe it 's time to consider moving to a company that will help you to become a successful recruiter .
Have a chat with Marie Weston and let 's see if ASC is the right company to support your recruitment career .
Articles you may be interested in : Recruitment Careers : The Importance of Company CultureRecruitment Careers : Your Market Sector6 Key Signs it 's Time To Leave Your Job External SourcesRecruitment Agency Statistics READ MORE
The Importance of Work - Life Balance
The importance of work - life balance has become high on the agenda for the majority of working people .
However , most do n't seem to be able to get the balance right for them .
According to a recent study by Investors in People , 22 % said they are looking for a job with a better work - life balance .
Furthermore , a whopping 77 % said they felt stressed at work suggesting their work - life balance is out of sync .
I was recently speaking to someone to potentially join us here at ASC .
They were working 12 hour days to get their work done .
They felt pressured and stressed and thus this was having an effect on their home life .
Although work - life balance is subjective to the individual , it 's crucial to get it right .
That 's why I 've written this article , to give you an understanding of the importance of work - life balance on your career and personal life .
In this article you will learn :
What work - life balance is Why it is important
The impact of a good vs poor work - life balanceTips to get the balance right for you What is Work - Life Balance ?
HRZone ( an online platform for HR Professionals ) defines work - life balance as : Work - life Balance
The level of prioritisation between personal and professional activities in an individual ’s life and the level to which activities related to their job are present in the home .
They also mention the reason why the importance of work - life balance has become more prominent in recent times is because of technology .
If you think back to a time before the internet , smartphones and cloud - based tech , why would anyone have a need to bring their work home ?
Now people are given work mobiles , laptops and can remotely work from anywhere .
Whilst this can support flexible working arrangements , it can become a grey area .
Technology shifts the boundaries of clear work time and personal time .
That is why it 's critical to get your work - life balance right for you .
Why is it important ?
Work - life balance is important for many reasons including your health ( physical and mental ) , your happiness , your relationships in and out of work and your ability to do the job well .
Although you may think it 's pretty obvious why it 's important , not everyone realises their balance is out of sync .
Some of us are workaholics .
Just because you enjoy your job , it does not mean you should constantly be working .
The key ingredient to work - life balance is the ability to relax , switch off from work and re-charge the batteries .
There is more information on how to do this later on in the article .
The next section focuses on the impact of a good vs poor work - life balance .
The impact of good vs poor work - life balance A Poor Balance Earlier , I referred to the person who was working 12 hour days , this is an example of poor work - life balance .
So , what are the impacts of this ?
Increased Tiredness :
This could cause you to make mistakes .
Thus , leading to questions about your ability to do the job and in extreme cases , loss of your job .
Increased Stress : Long hours impacts your mental and physical well - being .
For example , it can cause a lower immune system which may result in more sick days .
Not something your employer will be happy about .
Breakdown of relationships : Lack of work - life balance means you will see family and friends less .
They may question this , leading to losing friends , breaking up with your partner or not seeing your children .
Is this what you want ?
Working Expectations :
If you do n't have the balance right and always put in the hours , this then becomes the norm and your employer will expect it .
You then fall into a trap of long hours with no or little downtime and ultimately burnout .
Risk of Health Issues in Later Life : According to Medical News Today , a poor work - life balance can increase your risk of stroke , heart disease , and anxiety / depression in later life .
Is that how you envisaged retirement ?
A good balance
On the contrary , getting work - life balance right has many added benefits .
You see , a good work - life balance is n't just about the division between work and personal time .
It 's actually about a sense of fulfilment in the key areas of our life ; work , family , friends , and self .
You need to ask yourself if you feel satisfied with all four of those areas .
Balancing these means you feel you have achieved and are enjoying life .
However , the balance can change from day to day or even year to year .
Your balance when you are single will be different if you are married , hence advising it 's subjective to the individual .
Regardless of your situation , finding a good balance provides you with increased happiness , motivation , feeling of being valued , productivity and focus .
These all lead to better health and wellbeing , reduced stress , better sleep , and personal and career development .
Tips to get your work - life balance right
As mentioned previously , getting the right work - life balance is about understanding your own needs .
Below are some tips to support you with this : Listen to your body .
If you 're feeling tired and stressed , it 's time to take a break .
Book a holiday or some time off .
Find something you enjoy for you .
This could be as simple as reading a book or watching a movie .
You may have a hobby such as riding your motorbike or the gym .
Whatever it is , it should be about making time for yourself and no one else .
Be strict with yourself .
Decide how many overtime hours you 'll do a day or a week and stick to it .
Do n't say I 'll just stay for another hour at work , go home and make time for your friends and family .
This also means not looking at your work emails on your mobile outside of these hours .
Find an employer who wants to support your work - life balance .
Find a company that is right for your needs .
Prioritise the important stuff .
This is at work and home and do n't let other things get in the way .
Understand when you are most proactive in the day .
Use this to your advantage to get things done that need doing .
Be firm .
Do n't be the person who says yes to every request , manage people 's expectations or you 'll be a walking doormat !
That is in and outside of work .
Work - life balance benefits your employer too Understanding if you 're achieving a good work - life balance allows you to see if you 're employer is supporting you .
Work - life balance does n't just benefit you , it also helps your employer .
If you 're happier , more motivated and focused , you 're going to be more productive , have improved performance and take less sick days .
You are also likely to want to stay there which reduces the cost of finding a new hire .
What Next ?
So , there we have it , the importance of work - life balance .
Hopefully , you now understand what it is , the benefits and tips on achieving it .
If you feel you 're not getting a good work - life balance and your employer is unwilling to support you , maybe it 's time to move jobs .
Register with us and we 'll contact you to discuss what you are looking for .
You can also search through all of our live jobs at any time .
If you think ASC could be a good place to work then please contact me , Marie Weston , to find out more .
Register Your Details Search Jobs
You might also find these articles interesting : How Do You Like To Be Managed ?
6
Key
Signs it ’s time to leave your job5 ways a recruitment agency will boost your job search External SourcesInvestors in People Work - Life Balance StudyDefinition of work - life balance : HRZoneMedical News Today READ MORE
How Do You Like To Be Managed ?
The Ultimate Guide To : Understanding Which Management Style is Best for You How do you like to be managed ?
A question that is often asked in job interviews .
Could you answer it if put on the spot ?
Having a Manager that does n't suit your way of working can affect your career and self - confidence .
As the Internal Recruiter for ASC , I regularly have conversations with people who are n't happy with the way they are being managed .
Understanding how they like to be managed in the first place may have prevented this from happening .
It not only supports you to answer this question in an interview , it ensures you are working under a Manager that gives you what you need to develop .
In this article you will learn : Signs of a good Manager The consequences of being incorrectly managed Management StylesTo answer ' How do you like to be managed ? '
Signs of a Good Manager Not all Managers are bad .
You may not like your Manager but others might .
This is because different management styles suit different ways of working .
Let 's start by looking at key traits all Managers should have , regardless of management style .
Provides Reassurance
This could be anything from letting you know you 're on track to focusing on the small wins to get to the bigger picture Trust Feeling that your Manager trusts you is a good sign .
After all , what do you have without trust ?
There are varying degrees of this but ultimately , if you do n't feel trusted , how can you perform well ?
Appreciation A simple thank you can go a long way .
The level of appreciation is subjective from person to person .
Therefore it 's important to think , do you feel appreciated or undervalued ?
No Blame Game Even Managers do things wrong sometimes .
A good Manager will admit this and not pass the blame onto others .
They are Approachable
What you think is approachable another person may not .
What 's important here is , are you able to approach your Manager with personal issues , work - related problems and your ideas ?
They Don't Show Signs of Stress Any Manager could be under pressure to perform .
Good Managers , no matter how they manage will not pass this stress onto their team .
They will remain calm .
After all , if they are passing the stress onto you , you get stressed and then work is n't as focused or productive .
No Office Gossip
We all fall into this trap at some point , in reality , it 's human nature .
Nevertheless , a Manager talking to their team about other members of the team or company is a bad sign .
To put it another way , if they talk about others to you , what are they saying about you to others ?
All of the above is subjective to you .
Above all , it 's important to remember , how does your Manager make you feel ?
If you feel untrusted , low or lack confidence in your ability to do the job , it 's time to look at finding a Manager that suits you .
The Effects of Bad Management
If you continue to work with a manager that does n't suit your style of working it can have damaging effects .
Your career and personal life could suffer .
Working for the wrong manager can drain you physically and emotionally .
You could lose confidence in your ability to do the job causing your productivity levels to drop .
This then leads to more pressure and stress on you .
It has been proven that stress can lead to physical issues such as fatigue , headaches , lack of sleep and muscle - related problems .
When you are stressed you can also become withdrawn and you may have more time off sick .
You then bring your work home and this can affect your personal relationships .
This is why it is so important to understand what type of manager is best suited to you .
You need to find someone who works with your strengths to help you be the best version of you !
Management Styles
This section focuses on types of Managers and what type of people they suit .
In the hope that it will support you to understand which management style you should look for in a Manager .
Transformational
Also known as visionary leaders , these types of Managers are seen as inspirational .
They have big ideas and a clear vision for the future .
In as much as they focus on the end game and inspire everyone to do the same .
Furthermore , as a Manager , they will push you out of your comfort zone and constantly challenge you but in a positive way by leading by example .
In other words , they do n't adopt a hierarchical position but see everyone as equal .
Everyone has strengths to help meet the end goal .
It 's a well known and well - liked style across the world .
At the same time , this style does not suit everyone .
It works really well if you need little supervision .
This is because these types of Managers are so focused on the end goal , they lack the ability to look at the small actions to support it .
Therefore , if you want to work in an environment with a Manager who provides inspiration and knows you can do a good job but leaves you to it , this is the style for you .
On the other hand , if you need more support and guidance , it may be better to look for a Manager that adopts a different style .
Key Traits Inspires , engages , challenges and develops employees .
Laissez - Faire
Unlike the transformational Manager who aims to inspire through vision , a Laissez - faire style , delegates tasks , provides you with resources and puts all their trust in you to get the job done .
They are very hands - off Managers , leaving you to make decisions .
It works well with employees and teams who are highly skilled , only checking in with the leader to update when required .
It is used a lot in the creative industry for projects such as product launches .
However , similarly to transformational if you need more support and guidance , this may not be for you .
In contrast , if you are able to develop your own schedule and you 're happy to work under no supervision , this is definitely for you .
Key Traits Resourceful , offer support when required and have a relaxed approach .
Transactional
One of the oldest and most common ways of managing .
It is very compliance led , meaning , there are clear rules , structure , and process to follow .
Your Manager adopts a hierarchical position and you get rewards for following rules and punished for not .
Although this sounds very black and white , it works well in a lot of businesses .
It can motivate employees as they know where they stand and what they need to do to do a good job .
Therefore , if you 're the sort of person who works well under clear rules and structure , this is a good style for you .
On the contrary , if you prefer more autonomy or enjoy coming up with ideas / solutions to make things better ( i.e. a process ) , you may find this management style too restrictive .
That is not to say it is a bad management style or you wo n't receive any support from your Manager but you need to understand how you like to work to know if it is good for you .
Key Traits Provides supervision and direction , a structured working environment and rewards good behaviour and performance .
So , How Do You Like To Be Managed ?
Now you have an overview of the signs of a good Manager and various management styles , it 's time to understand what suits you .
Firstly , think of all the Managers you 've worked with .
Which ones have stood out ( for the right or wrong reasons ) ?
List the traits they have .
For the ones you enjoyed working with , do any of their traits match any of the styles above ?
Secondly , work through the list of questions below and see if there is a theme that emerges .
Do you prefer to be left to get on with your work or do you require a more structured approach ?
How often do you like to be praised ?
How often would you like to have check - in meetings with your Manager ?
Do you need support / guidance on a daily / weekly / monthly or ad - hoc basis ?
Do you need to know why you 're doing a task ?
Is being part of decision making important to you ?
Is regular face to face contact needed ?
Are you someone who likes to come up with ideas and solutions to problems ?
Once you have a clear picture of what you like and what you need , you can then look at if the way you are currently managed is right for you .
Remember , you may need a Manager that is a mix of two styles , there is no right or wrong , it 's finding the right way of working to get the best from you .
What Next ?
Hopefully , you can now answer , how do you like to be managed ?
And , if it 's time to move to a job with a Manager that brings out your best side , have a chat with us and let 's see if we can make it happen .
Register Your Details You Might Also Like : Should I Leave My Job ?
The Ultimate Guide To Workplace Culture5 Ways a Recruitment Agency Will Boost Your Job Search External SourceComparing transformational , transactional and laissez - faire styles READ MORE
US border guards arrest Canadians after heated argument By By Stephanie Dearing May 5 , 2010 in Crime Niagara Falls - LiveLeak released audio footage that captured an exchange between a Canadian husband wife and US Border Patrol Officers when the couple attempted to cross the border for some shopping .
Eventually , the wife became hysterical while the husband tried to safeguard his rights while complying with the officers .
The incident began normally enough , as can be noted in the recording posted with this article .
The couple pulled up to the crossing in their car , and where asked what the nature of their visit was .
The couple said they were planning to shop at the Fashion Outlet Mall , a popular
The co-operative but obviously stymied Canadian man becomes increasingly anxious over the inane interrogation he is receiving , becoming upset over the implication from the US Officers that the couple were potential terrorists , the Canadian male snapped at the Officers .
He said : " I can shake my head at you too .
What are you going to do , shoot me ? "
That was all the officers needed , and grabbed ' Libby , ' the wife , who was hysterical by this point , hustling her off .
Separated , the pair were presumably arrested for obstruction of justice , claiming the Canadian male had made a threat .
The Canadian man said he had never been arrested before .
The Officer said they had recorded the incident on audio and video , and could prove the Canadian man had threatened the Officers .
The incident , which has not been verified , occurred sometime in April .
In December 2009 , Canada was shocked by the news that prominent writer
There have been similar
The unnamed couple were crossing into the United States at the Lewiston Bridge , at Niagara Falls , heading for a day of shopping .
For an unknown reason , the couple thought to record events as they were processed at the U.S. border .
In the recording , the male Canadian said he had never encountered such treatment before when crossing into the United States .
It was a testosterone - fuelled situation , with the United States Custom and Border Protection officers threatening the Canadian shoppers .
Eventually , the wife became hysterical while the husband tried to safeguard his rights while complying with the officers .
The incident began normally enough , as can be noted in the recording posted with this article .
The couple pulled up to the crossing in their car , and where asked what the nature of their visit was .
The couple said they were planning to shop at the Fashion Outlet Mall , a popular shopping destination for Canadians .
When asked which stores in specific the couple were planning visit at the mall , the couple said they did n't know , that they 'd planned to wander the mall .
The Border Guard ordered the couple out of their car .
Things degenerated from there .
The co-operative but obviously stymied Canadian man becomes increasingly anxious over the inane interrogation he is receiving , becoming upset over the implication from the US Officers that the couple were potential terrorists , the Canadian male snapped at the Officers .
He said : " I can shake my head at you too .
What are you going to do , shoot me ? "
That was all the officers needed , and grabbed ' Libby , ' the wife , who was hysterical by this point , hustling her off .
Separated , the pair were presumably arrested for obstruction of justice , claiming the Canadian male had made a threat .
The Canadian man said he had never been arrested before .
The Officer said they had recorded the incident on audio and video , and could prove the Canadian man had threatened the Officers .
The incident , which has not been verified , occurred sometime in April .
In December 2009 , Canada was shocked by the news that prominent writer Dr. Paul Watts had not only been arrested by the US Border Guards , but had also been physically assaulted .
Dr. Paul Watts was arrested for assault , and was convicted of felony assault in March 2010 .
There have been similar complaints made about Canadian Border Guards , although not so graphically .
More about Border guards , Shopping , Liveleak , Fashion outlet mall , Niagara falls
More news from border guards shopping liveleak fashion outlet mall niagara falls lewiston bridge
BP is trying to plug the Gulf of Mexico oil spill with a " top kill " procedure that could take two days to complete
The former chief of staff to the Republican National Committee received more than $ 100,000 in a “ severance payment ” after he was fired for his role relating to the discovery that the party had signed off on $ 2,000 in reimbursements for a sex - themed Beverly Hills club .
RNC insiders say the money was approved as “ hush money ” to keep the former staffer , Kenneth McKay , from divulging details of GOP Chairman Michael Steele ’s leadership practices .
ADVERTISEMENT
The severance payment and hush money allegation was first reported Tuesday by ABC News .
One GOP insider described the six - figure payment to outgoing RNC Chief of Staff Kenneth K. McKay IV negotiated even though McKay had scarcely a year on the job — as “ hush money ” to keep a former employee from divulging details of Michael Steele ’s controversial tenure as RNC chair .
Party insiders told ABC
News the six - figure payout represented McKay ’s severance package , and came in exchange for him signing a strict confidentiality agreement .
Two RNC sources , both of whom spoke on the condition they not be identified , said similar deals were struck with others who had been forced out in the last few months .
Both sources have been critical of Steele ’s leadership .
They said in separate interviews that , while they were not alleging that anything illegal took place , they believe the McKay agreement and others like it are aimed at preventing the departing cast of employees from disparaging Steele .
McKay , who had received $ 163,000 in salary payments , did not respond to messages left at his home in Rhode Island … .
[ A top RNC spokesman ] would not comment on the two large payments to McKay , which appeared on newly filed campaign finance reports Monday .
On April 30 , three weeks after McKay ’s resignation , the RNC wrote him a $ 62,949 check that it classified as “ payroll . ”
A week after that , McKay received another payment , this one for “ housing reimbursements , ” totaling $ 40,967 .
The payments were first reported by Politico .
In response to the story , an RNC spokesman called the severance hush money claim “ laughable . ”
“ It would be laughable to think a confidentiality agreement is anything other than standard operating procedure for a political organization , ” the spokesman declared .
“ It ’s in our employee handbook . ”
Steele did n’t respond to ABC requests for comment .
An article has appeared in Nature on May 13 2010 titled
Peter A. Stott and Peter W. Thorne , 2010 : How best to log local temperatures ?
Nature . doi:10.1038/465158a , page 158 [ thanks to Joe Daleo for alterting us to this ]
which perpetuates the myth that the surface temperature data sets are independent from each other .
The authors know better but have decided to mislead the Editors and readers of Nature .
They write
“ In the late twentieth century scientists were faced with a very basic question : is global climate changing ?
They stepped up to that challenge by establishing three independent data sets of monthly global average temperatures .
Those data sets , despite using different source data and methods of analysis , all agree that the world has warmed by about 0.75 °C since the start of the twentieth century ( specifically , the three estimates are 0.80 , 0.74 and 0.78 °C from 1901 – 2009 ) . ”
This is deliberately erroneous as one of the authors of this article ( Peter Thorne ) is an author of a CCSP report with a different conclusion .
With just limited exceptions , the surface temperature data sets do not use different sources of data and are , therefore , not independent .
As I wrote in one of my posts
An Erroneous Statement Made By Phil Jones To The Media On The Independence Of The Global Surface Temperature Trend Analyses Of CRU , GISS And NCDC
In the report “ Temperature Trends in the Lower Atmosphere : Steps for Understanding and Reconciling Differences Final Report , Synthesis and Assessment Product 1.1 ” [ a report in which Peter Thorne is one of the authors ] on page 32 it is written [ text from the CCSP report is in italics ]
“ The global surface air temperature data sets used in this report are to a large extent based on data readily exchanged internationally , e.g. , through CLIMAT reports and the WMO publication Monthly Climatic Data for the World .
Commercial and other considerations prevent a fuller exchange , though the United States may be better represented than many other areas .
In this report , we present three global surface climate records , created from available data by NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies [ GISS ] , NOAA National Climatic Data Center [ NCDC ] , and the cooperative project of the U.K. Hadley Centre and the Climate Research Unit [ CRU ] of the University of East Anglia ( HadCRUT2v ) . ”
These three analyses are led by Tom Karl ( NCDC ) , Jim Hansen ( GISS ) and Phil Jones ( CRU ) .
The differences between the three global surface temperatures that occur are a result of the analysis methodology as used by each of the three groups .
They are not “ completely independent ” .
This is further explained on page 48 of the CCSP report where it is written with respect to the surface temperature data ( as well as the other temperature data sets ) that “ The data sets are distinguished from one another by differences in the details of their construction . ”
On page 50 it is written “ Currently , there are three main groups creating global analyses of surface temperature ( see Table 3.1 ) , differing in the choice of available data that are utilized as well as the manner in which these data are synthesized . ” and “ Since the three chosen data sets utilize many of the same raw observations , there is a degree of interdependence . ”
The chapter then states on page 51 that “ While there are fundamental differences in the methodology used to create the surface data sets , the differing techniques with the same data produce almost the same results ( Vose et al. , 2005a ) .
The small differences in deductions about climate change derived from the surface data sets are likely to be due mostly to differences in construction methodology and global averaging procedures . ” and thus , to no surprise , it is concluded that “ Examination of the three global surface temperature anomaly time series ( TS ) from 1958 to the present shown in Figure 3.1 reveals that the three time series have a very high level of agreement . ”
Moreover , as we reported in our paper
Pielke Sr. , R.A. , C. Davey , D. Niyogi , S. Fall , J. Steinweg - Woods , K. Hubbard , X. Lin , M. Cai , Y.- K. Lim , H. Li , J. Nielsen - Gammon , K. Gallo , R. Hale , R. Mahmood , S. Foster , R.T. McNider , and P. Blanken , 2007 : Unresolved issues with the assessment of multi-decadal global land surface temperature trends .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 112 , D24S08 , doi:10.1029/2006JD008229 .
“ The raw surface temperature data from which all of the different global surface temperature trend analyses are derived are essentially the same .
The best estimate that has been reported is that 90 – 95 % of the raw data in each of the analyses is the same ( P. Jones , personal communication , 2003 ) . ”
Peter Stott and Peter Thorne have deliberately misled the readership of Nature in order to give the impression that three data analyses corroborate their analyzed trends , while in reality the three surface temperature data sets are closely related .
More press releases
For Immediate Release , May 5 , 2010 Contact : Kierán Suckling , ( 520 ) 275-5960 Interior Department Exempted BP Drilling From Environmental Review : In Rush to Expand Offshore Oil Drilling , Interior Secretary Salazar Abandoned Pledge to Reform
Industry - dominated Mineral Management Service TUCSON , Ariz . —
Ken Salazar ’s first pledge as secretary of the interior was to reform the scandal plagued Mineral Management Service ( MMS ) , which had been found by the U.S. inspector general to have traded sex , drugs , and financial favors with oil - company executives .
In a January 29 , 2009 press release on the scandal , Salazar stated : “ President Obama 's and my goal is to restore the public 's trust , to enact meaningful reform …to uphold the law , and to ensure that all of us -- career public servants and political appointees -- do our jobs with the highest level of integrity . "
Yet just three months later , Secretary Salazar allowed the MMS to approve — with no environmental review — the BP drilling operation that exploded on April 20 , 2010 , killing 11 workers and pouring millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico .
The disaster will soon be , if it is not already , the worst oil spill in American history .
BP submitted its drilling plan to the MMS on March 10 , 2009 .
Rather than subject the plan to a detailed environmental review before approving it as required by the National Environmental Policy Act , the agency declared the plan to be “ categorically excluded ” from environmental analysis because it posed virtually no chance of harming the environment .
As BP itself pointed out in its April 9 , 2010 , letter to the Council on Environmental Quality , categorical exclusions are only to be used when a project will have “ minimal or nonexistent ” environmental impacts .
MMS issued its one - page approval letter to BP on April 6 , 2009 .
“ Secretary Salazar has utterly failed to reform the Mineral Management Service , ” said Kierán Suckling , executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity .
“ Instead of protecting the public interest by conducting environmental reviews , his agency rubber stamped BP ’s drilling plan , just as it does hundreds of others every year in the Gulf of Mexico .
The Minerals Management Service has gotten worse , not better , under Salazar ’s watch . ”
As a senator , Salazar sponsored the “ Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 , ” which opened up large swaths of the Gulf of Mexico to offshore oil drilling and criticized the MMS for not issuing enough offshore oil leases .
As interior secretary , he has pushed the agency to speed offshore oil drilling and was the architect of the White House ’s March , 2010 , proposal to expand offshore oil drilling in Alaska , the eastern Gulf of Mexico , and the Atlantic Coast from Maryland to Florida .
After meeting with Gulf oil executives early this week , Rep. Edward Markey ( D - Mass . ) told the Washington Post : “ I ’m of the opinion that boosterism breeds complacency and complacency breeds disaster .
That , in my opinion , is what happened . ”
The boosterism started at the top , with Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
Excerpts from the BP drilling plan that was categorically excluded from
environmental review by the Department of the Interior : “ 2.7 Blowout Scenario - A scenario for a potential blowout of the well from which BP would expect to have the highest volume of liquid hydrocarbons is not required for the operations proposed in this EP . ”
“ 14.5 Alternatives - No alternatives to the proposed activities were considered to reduce environmental impacts . ”
“ 14.6 Mitigation Measures -
No mitigation measures other than those required by regulation and BP policy will be employed to avoid , diminish or eliminate potential impacts on environmental resources . ”
“ 14.7 Consultation - No agencies or persons were consulted regarding potential impacts associated with the proposed activities . ”
“ 14.3 Impacts on Proposed Activities - The site - specific environmental conditions have been taken into account for the proposed activities and no impacts are expected as a result of these conditions . ”
“ 14.2.3.2 Wetlands -
An accidental oil spill from the proposed activities could cause impacts to wetlands .
However , due to the distance to shore ( 48 miles ) and the response capabilities that would be implemented , no significant adverse impacts are expected . ” ( p. 45 ) “ 14.2.2.1 Essential Fish Habitat -
… In the event of an unanticipated blowout resulting in an oil spill , it is unlikely to have an impact based on the industry wide standards for using proven equipment and technology for such responses , implementation of BP 's Regional Oil Spill Response Plan which address available equipment and removal of the oil spill . ”
Visit the Center ’s new Gulf Disaster website for more details : www.biologicaldiversity.org/gulf_disaster
Speaking on MSNBC ’s “ Countdown ” Monday night , Marine toxicologist Riki
Ott alleged that oil giant BP is actively attempting to curb coverage of the recent oil spill by removing oiled animal carcasses from Gulf beaches .
“ Turtle watch volunteers who walk the beaches consistently every morning at 6:00 a.m. , they ’re saying the carcasses are disappearing , ” Ott told host Keith Olbermann .
“ People who walk the beaches at night , they ’ve seen little baby dolphins wash up dead , flashlights , people descend out of nowhere , carcass gone in 15 minutes .
There ’s reports from offshore of massive kills on the barrier islands from fishermen who have been working on the spill response …
BP ’s response has been to use metal detectors to keep and prevent the people from even taking cell phones out to photograph this . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
While at first glance ,
Ott ’s claims might seem conspiratorial , myriad reports have fingered BP ’s role in attempting to silence coverage of the spill ’s effects .
Over the weekend , reports signaled that BP had hired private security contractors to guard some Gulf coast beaches .
“ I ’ve been able to get some pictures of BP raking up bird carcasses , separating heads from bodies , ” Ott said later in the interview .
“ Supposedly , NOAA is saying , oh , these carcasses are all going to be autopsied so we can determine cause of death .
You`re not going to autopsy a carcass where the head is removed from the body .
So , in my opinion , there ’s a very strong attempt , not only to control and minimize how much oil was spilling , but now , to control the evidence of the damage , the appearance of carcasses . ”
“ It ’s not just tar balls that are washing ashore , ” Ott added .
“ It ’s the invisible oil , the underwater plume that ’s coming ashore , it ’s surface oil , and it ’s also these vapors . ”
The oil slick resulting from the Apr. 20 spill — which transpired after an offshore oil right burst into flames and sunk into the sea — has also endangered pelicans , including the brown pelican , Louisiana ’s state bird .
The brown pelican was reintroduced into the bay in 1968 , after coming close to extinction .
ADVERTISEMENT
AFP noted earlier this month that once coated with oil , the birds can hardly move .
Some struggle in vain , others stop breathing and simply die .
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast June 14 , 2010 .
That 's a bit disappointing , I thought all the letters would match up to what was being portrayed .
No actually it 's still very cool .
That looks really cool and gives me some ideas to try out .
Looks amazing !
In September 2008 , when Nielsen Mobile announced that teenagers with cellphones each sent and received , on average , 1,742 text messages a month , the number sounded high , but just a few months later Nielsen raised the tally to 2,272 .
A year earlier , the National School Boards Association estimated that middle - and high - school students devoted an average of nine hours to social networking each week .
Add email , blogging , IM , tweets and other digital customs and you realize what kind of hurried , 24/7 communications system young people experience today .
Unfortunately , ...
I missed the Super Bowl this year and I still have n't recovered from it .
I was at home recuperating from a near fatal road accident .
Then the record snowfall in the greater Washington area blew out our local transformers and trapped the entire neighborhood in their houses .
Well , that 's Global Warming for you .
Thank you , Al Gore .
Now , 9,000 miles from home in the heart of Central Asia on business , I find the World Cup in soccer is about to start in South Africa on Friday and I could n't get away from it even if I wanted to .
All those Starbucks - sipping , Barack Obama - voting Soccer Moms to the contrary , soccer has never caught on in the United States and once you 've caught a single NFL game it 's easy to see why it never will .
But the fact remains , soccer is the Number One Global Game .
Nothing , nothing - not NFL football , baseball , cricket , NASCAR , Formula
One racing , tennis or basketball come close .
I have a cousin and lifelong friend back in Ireland who is , and always has been , a religious fanatic .
His religion is Manchester United .
And I 'm not joking .
I wo n't waste any time thumbsucking on Why America Is Different .
We are .
So live with it , world .
But I do suggest that the lack of U.S. interest in soccer throws an important light on why we 're screwing up in Afghanistan - and why it took us nearly four disastrous years before we started Getting Iraq Right when Defense Secretary Bob Gates and Gen.
David Petraeus thankfully took over .
For a no-holds - barred assessment on why we got Iraq wrong in the first place , buy a copy of my 2008 book " The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Middle East " on amazon.com .
It does n't anticipate the success of Gen. Petraeus ' policy because I did n't think President Bush would be smart enough to appoint him .
But it does accurately predict the key counter - insurgency strategies that Gen.
Petraeus successfully employed there .
The fact is that Americans really are the most tolerant , inclusive and generous people in the world -- and that makes us lousy imperialists .
Give Americans a great Global Struggle - whether against Nazi Germany , the Communist Soviet Union or the threat of Global Jihad and we gallantly and magnificently rise to the challenge every time .
But as Vietnam , the early years in Iraq after toppling Saddam and the growing fiasco in Afghanistan show , we really do n't adapt well to understanding radically different cultures .
Yes , sure we got Germany and Japan right after World War II .
But Germany , once it was purged of Hitler 's diabolical madness , was a Western European country that had contributed almost as many Americans as England and Ireland did .
And " we " did n't " Get Japan Right . "
Gen. Douglas MacArthur , our viceroy - proconsul - shogun there from 1945 to 1951 did .
MacArthur , like George S. Patton , was the kind of unique , off - the - wall , sui generis genius that any nation is incredibly lucky to get once in a millennium .
We got both MacArthur and Patton at the same time , which should have been proof enough that God was indeed On Our Side in The Big One .
So whatever happens over the next few weeks in South Africa , we wo n't care .
The Chicago Blackhawks winning the Stanley Cup will generate far more headlines coast to coast .
But since we do maintain the Number One military presence around the world and since we are caught up in a bewildering number of global commitments from North Korea to the Persian Gulf , it really does behoove us to try and catch an occasional sense of what matters to all these peoples and cultures around the world who actually are n't like us at all , however Politically Incorrect it is to say so .
For those who want a Quick Guide for Americans to the great tournament now opening in Cape Town , Johannesburg and Soweto : Everyone agrees Spain are the Team to Beat , and if anyone does manage it , it 'll be Brazil .
Argentina looks good too .
Everyone is writing off the Italians as being too old and past their prime .
Those are good enough reasons to love them , if you ask me .
Also , their manager , the great Marcello Lippi won them the trophy last time in 2006 .
Forget about England , that 's just British Broadcasting Corporation boosterism .
They 'll fizzle the way they always do .
The one game Americans really should watch is Saturday 's match when England plays the U.S.
We should n't have a chance against them .
But we humiliated them 60 years ago in the 1950 World Cup :
It was the greatest American victory over the Old Empire since Gen. Andy Jackson pulled off the Battle of New Orleans in 1815 .
The question to ask now is :
Are any of the U.S. team from the Gulf Coast ?
If so , they 'll want karmic payback for British Petroleum and the greatest oil spill in history .
Keep watching .
That 's all you need to know .
And if I got it all wrong , do n't blame me .
After all , I 'm an American .
Martin Sieff is a former senior foreign correspondent for The Washington Times and former Managing Editor , International Affairs for United Press International .
Mr. Sieff is the author of " The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Middle East " ( Regnery , 2008 ) .
He has received three Pulitzer Prize nominations for international reporting .
Fox Forum is on Twitter .
Follow us @fxnopinion .
' Ploppers ' ?
Nope . ' Motherflipping Gun ' ?
Nope .
So what have we included in this ludicrous display of humour from Moss ?
Head thisaway ...
The recession 's hit Michigan particularly hard , forcing even superhero wannabes to improvise .
With just $ 100 and a dream , one Ann Arbor resident turned a wrecked Pontiac Grand Am into the world 's worst Batmobile .
Advertisement
Gabe , the hero of our story , purchased this wrecked 1994 Pontiac Grand Am last summer from Dave 's Towing in Ann Arbor , Michigan for $ 100 .
The vehicle was running but sported a crushed roof , a damaged front end , and an otherwise crunch - and - munched body .
Like any reasonable person , Gabe 's first thought was to " go all in " and convert the cursed car into a Batmobile .
After a few necessary repairs , work proceeded : Gabe sawed off the crushed roof and built a custom frame for the new roof and windows .
Inspired by the Batmanesque charm of his creation , Gabe then rigged up and riveted on fins , reworked the nose , and spray - painted the car matte black .
He capped it off with a Batman logo on the roof .
The end result is something completely ghettorigged in appearance but also more attractive than a stock ' 94 Grand Am .
It 's also street legal .
Advertisement
As you might expect , the car garners its share of attention , including the admiration of the local police .
Gabe says that when he was pulled over by police last year , officers told him " We 've never pulled over the Batmobile before " and took pictures with the car .
" It 's a bit of a legend around here , " he says .
The car even features high - tech theft - prevention gadgets the likes of which even Wayne Industries could n't develop .
When thieves tried to steal the car last year , the steering wheel broke off .
In the process of trying to hotwire the car , they also fixed the brake lights .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Unfortunately , Gabe has spent too much money on a Taurus SHO and his 1987 Toyota MR2 project car , so he 's selling the Batmobile on Craiglist — $ 600 ! — to help with rent and a move .
It 's a hefty charge for a mangled Grand Am but a small price to pay for the world 's worst Batmobile .
[ Craiglist ]
The Ohio National Guardsmen who fired on students and antiwar protesters at
on May 4 , 1970 were given an order to prepare to shoot , according to a new analysis of a 40 - year - old audio tape of the event .
" Guard ! " says a male voice on the recording , which two forensic audio experts enhanced and evaluated at the request of The Plain Dealer .
Several seconds pass .
Then , " All right , prepare to fire ! "
" Get down ! " someone shouts urgently , presumably in the crowd .
Finally , " Guard ! . . . " followed two seconds later by a long , booming volley of gunshots .
The entire spoken sequence lasts 17 seconds .
The previously undetected command could begin to explain the central mystery of the Kent State tragedy - why 28 Guardsmen pivoted in unison atop Blanket Hill , raised their rifles and pistols and fired 67 times , killing four students and wounding nine others in an act that galvanized sentiment against the Vietnam War .
The order indicates that the gunshots were not spontaneous , or in response to sniper fire , as some have suggested over the years .
" I think this is a major development , " said Alan Canfora , one of the wounded , who located a copy of the tape in a library archive in 2007 and has urged that it be professionally reviewed .
" There 's been a grave injustice for 40 years because we lacked sufficient evidence to prove what we 've known all along - that the Ohio National Guard was commanded to kill at Kent State on May 4 , 1970 . "
" How do you spell bombshell ? " said Barry Levine , whose girlfriend Allison Krause was mortally wounded as he tried to pull her behind cover .
" That is obviously very significant .
The photographic evidence and eyewitness accounts of what took place seemed to suggest everything happened in those last seconds in a coordinated way .
This would be the icing on the cake , so to speak . "
This excerpt from a copy of Terry Strubbe 's Kent State recording contains the order for the Guard to prepare to fire .
The word " Guard ! " can be heard at 9.3 seconds .
" All right , prepare to fire " begins at 19.5 seconds .
" Get down ! " is spoken at 22.3 seconds .
The final " Guard ! " is at 23.7 seconds , and the gunshots begin at 26 seconds .
The review was done by Stuart Allen and Tom Owen , two nationally respected forensic audio experts with decades of experience working with government and law enforcement agencies and private clients to decipher recorded information .
Allen is president and chief engineer of the Legal Services Group in Plainfield , N.J. Owen is president and CEO of Owl Investigations in Colonia , N.J .
They donated their services because of the potential historical significance of the project .
Although they occasionally testify on opposing sides in court cases hinging on audio evidence , Owen and Allen concur on the command 's wording .
Both men said they are confident their interpretation is correct , and would testify to its accuracy under oath , if asked .
The original 30 - minute reel - to - reel tape was made by Terry Strubbe , a Kent State communications student in 1970 who turned on his recorder and put its microphone in his dorm window overlooking the campus Commons , hoping to document the protest unfolding below .
It is the only known recording to capture the events leading up to the shootings - including a tinny bullhorn announcement that students must leave " for your own safety , " the pop of tear gas canisters and the wracking coughs of people in their path , the raucous protest chants , the drone of helicopters overhead , and the near - constant chiming of the campus victory bell to rally the demonstrators .
Strubbe has kept the original tape in a bank vault , and recently has been working with a colleague to have it analyzed , and to produce a documentary about what the examination reveals .
The Justice Department paid a Massachusetts acoustics firm , Bolt Beranek and Newman Inc. , to scrutinize the recording in 1974 in support of the government 's ultimately unsuccessful attempt to prosecute eight Guardsmen for the shootings .
That review , led by the company 's chief scientist , James Barger , focused on the gunshot pattern and made no mention of a command readying the soldiers to fire .
Barger still works for the company , now known as BBN Technologies .
When told Friday of the new findings , he said via a spokeswoman that in his 1974 review he " did not hear anything like that . "
Someone made a copy of the Strubbe tape in the mid-1970s for use in the civil lawsuits that the shooting victims and their families filed against the Guardsmen and Ohio Gov. James Rhodes , who had sent the reserves to restore order at Kent State .
One of the plaintiffs ' lawyers donated the cassette copy of the Strubbe tape to Yale University 's Kent State archives .
Canfora , one of the wounded students , found it while doing research for a book .
The Plain Dealer commissioned an analysis of a digitized version of the Yale tape .
Using sophisticated
initially developed for the KGB , the Soviet Union 's national security agency , Allen weeded out extraneous noises - wind blowing across the microphone , and a low rumble from the tape recorder 's motor and drive belt -- that obscured voices on the recording .
He isolated individual words , first identifying them by their distinctive , spidery " waveform " traces on a computer screen , then boosting certain characteristics of the sound or slowing the playback to make out what was said .
Owen independently corroborated Allen 's work .
For hours on Thursday , first in Allen 's dim , equipment - packed lab in Plainfield and later in Owen 's more spacious , equally high - tech shop in nearby Colonia , the two men pored over the crucial recording segment just before the gunfire .
They looped each word , playing it over and over , tweaking various controls and listening intently until they agreed on its meaning .
" That 's clear as a bell , " Owen said at one point as he and Allen replayed the phrase " Prepare to fire " on two large wall - mounted loudspeakers .
The two audio engineers did n't add anything to the recording or fundamentally alter its contents .
Instead , they boosted what was present to make it easier to hear .
" It 's like putting on eyeglasses , " Owen said .
In addition to the prepare - to - fire command , the segment just before the gunfire contains several curiosities .
* There is a sound fragment milliseconds before the gunfire starts .
Allen believes it could be the beginning of the word " Fire ! " - just the initial " f " before the sound is overrun by the fusillade .
Owen said he can't tell what the sound is .
* The frequency of the voice giving the command changes as the seconds pass .
" I 'm hearing a Doppler effect , " Allen said , referring to the familiar pitch change that occurs as a siren passes .
" It 's as if he was facing one way and turned another , " Owen said .
That 's consistent with eyewitness accounts that the Guardsmen spun around from the direction they had been marching just before they fired .
* The 1974 Bolt Beranek and Newman analysis concluded that the first three gunshots came from M1s , the World War II - vintage rifles carried by most of the Ohio Guardsmen .
The M1 is a high - velocity weapon with a high - pitched gunshot sound .
But Allen and Owen said the initial three gunshots sound lower - pitched than the rest of the volley .
" It suggests a lot of things , but we 're not certified ballistics examiners , " Owen said .
Pistols typically are lower - velocity , lower - pitched weapons .
Several Guard officers carried .45 caliber pistols , but the Bolt Beranek and Newman analysis identified . 45 - caliber fire later in the gunshot sequence , not among the first three shots .
As author William Gordon reported in his exhaustive 1995 book on the Kent State shootings , " Four Dead in Ohio , " several witnesses told the FBI they saw a Guardsman with a pistol fire first , or appear to give a hand signal to initiate the firing .
Gordon believes the firing command probably was non-verbal .
A few students and Guardsmen claimed at the time that they heard something that sounded like an order to fire , but most of the soldiers who acknowledged using their weapons later testified that they acted spontaneously .
" This is a real game - changer , " Gordon said Saturday of the new analysis .
" If the results can be verified , it means the Guardsmen perjured themselves extensively at the trials . " .
Without a known voice sample for comparison , the new analysis cannot answer the question of who issued the prepare - to - fire command .
Nor can it reveal why the order was given .
Guardsmen reported being pelted by rocks as they headed up Blanket Hill and some said they feared for their safety , but the closest person in the crowd was 60 feet away and there is nothing on the tape to indicate what prompted the soldiers to reverse course , and for the ready - to - shoot command to go out .
Most of the senior Ohio National Guard officers directly in charge of the troops who fired on May 4 , 1970 have since died .
Ronald Snyder , a former Guard captain who led a unit that was at the Kent State protest but was not involved in the shootings , said Friday that the prepare - to - fire phrasing on the tape does not seem consistent with how military orders are given .
" I do know commands , " Snyder said .
" You would never see anything in training that would say ' Guard , do this . '
It would be like saying , ' Army , do this . '
It does n't make sense . "
Whether the prepare - to - fire order could lead to new legal action or a re-opened investigation of the Kent State shootings is unclear .
A federal judge dismissed the charges against the eight indicted Guardsmen in 1974 , saying the government had failed to prove its case .
The surviving victims and families of the dead settled their civil lawsuit for $ 675,000 in 1979 , agreeing to drop all future claims against the Guardsmen .
The federal acquittal means the soldiers could not be prosecuted again at the federal level , although a county or state official potentially could seek criminal charges , said Sanford Rosen , one of plaintiffs ' attorneys in the civil lawsuit .
The legal issues would be complex , he said .
The presence of a command could give rank - and - file Guardsmen a defense , since they could argue they were following an order .
The command 's significance may be more historical than legal , Rosen said .
" At very least , it puts new [ focus ] on the training and discipline of the Ohio Guard , and provides a lesson of how things should be done correctly when you are faced with civil disorder , particularly when you bring in troops . "
In Pittsburgh , Doris Krause has been waiting 40 years to find out who killed her daughter Allison , and why .
Now 84 and widowed , she said Friday the presence of the prepare - to - fire order does n't surprise her .
" It had to be , " she said .
" There 's no other way they could have turned in unison without a command .
There 's no other way they could fire at the same time . "
She is frustrated , though , that the recording can't identify the person who gave the order .
" I wish there was better proof , " Krause said .
" We have to find a man with enough courage to admit what happened .
" I'm an old lady , " she said , " and before I leave this earth , I 'd like to find out who said what is on that tape . "
Since processed foods account for most of the salt in the American diet , national health officials , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York and Michelle Obama are urging food companies to greatly reduce their use of salt .
Last month , the Institute of Medicine went further , urging the government to force companies to do so .
But the industry is working overtly and behind the scenes to fend off these attacks , using a shifting set of tactics that have defeated similar efforts for 30 years , records and interviews show .
Industry insiders call the strategy “ delay and divert ” and say companies have a powerful incentive to fight back : they crave salt as a low - cost way to create tastes and textures .
Doing without it risks losing customers , and replacing it with more expensive ingredients risks losing profits .
When health advocates first petitioned the federal government to regulate salt in 1978 , food companies sponsored research aimed at casting doubt on the link between salt and hypertension .
Two decades later , when federal officials tried to cut the salt in products labeled “ healthy , ” companies argued that foods already low in sugar and fat would not sell with less salt .
Now , the industry is blaming consumers for resisting efforts to reduce salt in all foods , pointing to , as Kellogg put it in a letter to a federal nutrition advisory committee , “ the virtually intractable nature of the appetite for salt . ”
The federal committee is finishing up recommendations on nutrient issues including salt .
While its work is overseen by the Department of Agriculture , records released to The New York Times show that the industry nominated a majority of its members and has presented the panel with its own research .
It includes two studies commissioned by ConAgra suggesting that the country could save billions of dollars more in health care and lost productivity costs by simply nudging Americans to eat a little less food , rather than less salty food .
A judge will investigate claims that Britain 's secret services were complicit in the torture of terrorism suspects after a spate of damaging allegations , foreign secretary William Hague said .
Details of the probe were being worked out by his Conservative party and their coalition partners , the Liberal Democrats , and would be published soon , the minister said .
A slew of allegations - including that of Binyam Mohamed who claims British intelligence services colluded in torturing him with US agents - have sparked a fierce row between the authorities and human rights campaigners .
" We will be setting out in the not - too - distant future what we are going to do about the allegations that have been made about complicity in torture , " Mr Hague told the BBC .
" We have said again in the coalition agreement that we want a judge - led inquiry . "
Both the Conservatives and the Lib Dems had called for an investigation into recent claims of complicity in torture before the May 6 election which brought them to power .
Mr Hague continued : " So will there be an inquiry of some form ?
Yes , both parties in the coalition said they wanted that .
Now we are working on what form that should take .
Proposals on this will follow pretty soon . "
The case of ex-Guantanamo Bay detainee Mr Mohamed , born in Ethiopia but a British resident , is the most high - profile to have focused attention on the role of British secret services ' treatment of terrorism suspects .
He won a legal bid in February which forced a British court to disclose details of his mistreatment by American agents , in the face of resistance from Britain and the United States .
Mr Mohamed claims he was " tortured in medieval ways " and alleges British security service MI5 colluded with his interrogation in Pakistan in 2002 .
He was detained for seven years , including more than four at Guantanamo .
Police are also investigating allegations that the intelligence services were complicit in the abuse of Shaker Aamer , Britain 's last inmate at Guantanamo .
The country 's rights watchdog , the Equalities and Human Rights Commission , called in February for an independent probe into claims the security services colluded in the torture of more than 20 terrorism suspects .
Ministers in the last government and the secret services launched a determined fight - back amid rising public concern over the issue .
Former British prime minister Gordon Brown said in February : " We do not torture and we do not ask others to do so on our behalf . "
- AFP
I WAS in Seattle on Monday , chatting to Pat Murakami , a lady who runs a small computer repair shop and does a little political agitating on the side .
She 's concerned about her neighbourhood , a vibrant area full of Vietnamese shops and veiled women waiting at bus stops .
A few years ago , the city tried to declare parts of it “ blighted ” .
That would have enabled it to seize people 's homes and hand the land to private developers .
Mrs Murakami started a group called “ Many Cultures , One Message ” , to rally her neighbors to object to the proposed bulldozing .
She prevailed .
Or at least , the plan to knock down chunks of her neighbourhood was shelved .
But she worries that the politicians and their developer chums might try again , so she wants to reform Washington state 's rules on “ eminent domain ” , which allow local government far too much power to condemn private property .
She ran into a second little - known state law .
If she prints some fliers , calls some meetings and urges her neighbours to write to their state representative demanding change , she has to register as a “ grassroots lobbyist ” .
This rule applies to any group that spends more than $ 500 in any given month trying to influence the legislature .
That sum includes not only cash but also anything else of value , including voluntary labour , the use of office space and so forth .
In other words , it could cover nearly any grassroots group .
To comply with the law , Mrs Murakami must provide details such as the name , address and employer of everyone who helps organise her campaign or who contributes more than $ 25 in cash or kind to it .
All this information is then made public on the internet .
She must also provide monthly reports on all the group 's activities and expenditures .
Failure to follow the rules can result in ruinous fines -- $ 10,000 per violation , which could mean every time she sends out a mail shot .
Mrs Murakami is suing to have this law overturned .
It has a chilling effect on free speech and free association , she reckons .
If the first amendment means anything , it surely protects the right of Americans to discuss politics with their neighbours .
Many of the people who support Mrs Murakami 's group are recent refugees from autocratic regimes .
If supporting a cause means having their personal details published , they would rather not get involved .
Also , the rules are so complex and unclear that you need to hire a lawyer to understand them .
This is something small voluntary groups like “ Many Cultures ” cannot afford .
All states regulate professional lobbyists ; that is , paid agents who communicate directly with politicians in the hope of swaying them .
Fair enough .
But a new report from the Institute for Justice , a libertarian group , reveals that 36 states also impose restrictions on “ grassroots lobbying ” .
A few even threaten criminal sanctions for those who violate such rules : in Alabama , the maximum penalty is an incredible 20 years in jail .
Because few things offend politicians more than the sight of citizens banding together to petition them with grievances .
A weapons locker was a storage area for firearms aboard Federation starships , shuttlecraft , and outposts .
These lockers were typically accessed through a simple touch interface or voice command to authenticate authorized access by Starfleet personnel .
Contents show ]
Design
Depending on the purpose and size of a weapons locker , it could store phasers , phaser rifles , portable weapons containers , and other standard Starfleet personnel equipment .
Phaser rifles were regularly stored with the muzzle facing upwards for ease of retrieval , and phasers were placed in a manner in order to optimize storage space .
( Star Trek : First Contact ; Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country )
Larger weapons lockers were designed to hold space - combat weapons , such as photon torpedoes before they were automatically loaded into the firing bay .
( DS9 : " Tribunal " ; TNG : " In Theory " )
Locations
Although most weapons lockers were placed in strategic locations such as in armories , near transporter rooms , shuttlebays , or security offices , certain starships , such as the Constitution - class USS Enterprise - A , had a weapons locker in the kitchen .
( Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country )
A weapons locker was also located in the staging area aboard the USS Enterprise , before and after the 2270s refit .
( TOS : " The Cage " ; Star Trek : The Motion Picture )
In 2266 , the Enterprise also included a weapons locker on H deck .
( TOS : " The Conscience of the King " )
In the final revised draft script of " The Conscience of the King " , two weapons lockers were implied as being on H deck , with the starboard one specifically referred to .
Uses
In the early 2150s , Captain Archer once expressed shock when Commander Tucker stated that all fourteen weapons lockers had been emptied by marauding Ferengi .
( ENT : " Acquisition " )
In 2266 , Lieutenant Kevin Riley broke into the weapons locker on H deck of the Enterprise and stole a phaser from it , intending to use the weapon to murder Anton Karidian .
( TOS : " The Conscience of the King " )
In 2287 , Captain James T. Kirk accessed the weapons locker aboard the shuttlecraft Copernicus .
( Star Trek V : The Final Frontier )
In 2369 , Tosk tampered with an access terminal in a corridor on Deep Space 9 in an attempt to access a weapons locker located in the habitat ring , level five , section three .
( DS9 : " Captive Pursuit " ) Chief Miles O'Brien and Major Kira Nerys also took advantage of similar weapons lockers aboard Deep Space 9 . ( DS9 : " Hard Time " , " Shattered Mirror " )
In 2372 , Tuvok wanted to talk to Captain Janeway about weapons storage aboard the USS Voyager .
( VOY : " Persistence of Vision " )
In 2373 , Janeway accessed a weapons locker in engineering to combat the macrovirus aliens .
( VOY : " Macrocosm " )
Appendices
See also
Background information
The first canon reference to a weapons locker was in TOS : " The Conscience of the King " .
For the weapons lockers seen on Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , real - life containers were used but were modified so that it was not visible on screen that they had previously served another function .
In " Hard Time " , however , Chief O'Brien opens a locker and some letters can be seen on the inside of the lid ; those letters were not made unreadable .
On the screenshot to the right ( turned 180 degrees and mirrored ) , the words " Action Packer " are legible .
In real life , " Action Packer " is a line of storage containers by Rubbermaid . [ 1 ]
In Star Trek Nemesis , a Sovereign - class weapons locker was built as a set on Paramount Stage 17 .
( Information from shooting schedule )
The sinking of the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig , which triggered the spill spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico , caught the energy world by surprise .
The operator , Transocean Ltd. , is a giant in the brave new world of drilling for oil in deep waters far offshore .
It had been honored by regulators for its safety record .
The very day of the blast on the rig , executives were aboard celebrating its seven straight years free of serious accidents .
But a Wall Street Journal examination of Transocean 's record paints a more equivocal ...
Sixteen seventh - grade students at Evergreen Middle School in Cottonwood , Calif. , found the Martian pit feature at the center of the superimposed red square in this image while participating in a program that enables students to use the camera on NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / ASU
( PhysOrg.com ) -- California middle school students using the camera on NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter have found lava tubes with one pit that appears to be a skylight to a cave .
They went looking for lava tubes on Mars -- and found what may be a hole in the roof of a Martian cave .
The 16 students in Dennis Mitchell 's 7th - grade science class at Evergreen Middle School in Cottonwood , California , chose to study lava tubes , a common volcanic feature on Earth and Mars .
It was their class project for the Mars Student Imaging Program ( MSIP ) , a component of ASU 's Mars Education Program , which is run out of the Mars Space Flight Facility on the Tempe campus .
The imaging program involves upper elementary to college students in Mars research by having them develop a geological question about Mars to answer .
Then the students actually command a Mars - orbiting camera to take an image to answer their question .
Since MSIP began in 2004 , more than 50,000 students have participated to varying extents .
" The students developed a research project focused on finding the most common locations of lava tubes on Mars , " says Mitchell .
" Do they occur most often near the summit of a volcano , on its flanks , or the plains surrounding it ? "
To answer the question , the students examined more than 200 images of Mars taken with the Thermal Emission Imaging System ( THEMIS ) , an instrument on NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter .
Philip Christensen , a Regents ' Professor of geological sciences in the School of Earth and Space Exploration , is the instrument 's designer and principal investigator .
The students chose for their targeted THEMIS image ( plus a secondary backup image ) areas on Pavonis Mons volcano that had yet to be photographed by THEMIS at highest resolution ( 18 meters , or 59 feet , per pixel ) .
On their two targeted images the students found lava tubes , as they had hoped .
And on the backup image , they also found a small , round black spot .
Many Martian lava tubes are marked by aligned chains of collapse pits , which typically have flat floors and sloping sides .
The spot they students found , however , appears to have vertical sides .
Such features made a stir in the news in 2007 , when Glen Cushing , a U.S. Geological Survey scientist , published a paper showing several Martian examples , which had been located using the heat - sensing capability of THEMIS .
He argued that these holes were anomalous as compared to the usual chain pit crater , being smaller and resembling a relatively straight - sided shaft going down into the ground .
Cushing proposed that these anomalous pit craters are " skylights " — places where a small part of the roof of a cave or a lava tube has collapsed , opening the subsurface to the sky .
They typically appear cooler than the ground surface by day , but warmer than it by night .
This is exactly what would be expected , given that Martian surface temperatures have a large diurnal range , while subsurface temperatures hold fairly even .
" This pit is certainly new to us , " Cushing told the students .
" And it is only the second one known to be associated with Pavonis Mons . "
He estimated it to be approximately 190 by 160 meters ( 620 x 520 feet ) wide and 115 meters ( 380 feet ) deep at least .
In addition , he said , the spot appears clear against the background surface of Pavonis Mons .
" It sticks out like a sore thumb in THEMIS predawn thermal observations . "
The students have submitted their site as a candidate for imaging by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
HiRISE can image the surface at about 30 centimeters ( 12 inches ) per pixel , which may allow a look inside the hole in the ground .
" The Mars Student Imaging Program is certainly one of the greatest educational programs ever developed , " says Mitchell .
" It gives the students a good understanding of the way research is conducted and how that research can be important for the scientific community .
This has been a wonderful experience . "
Explore further Lava tubes on Pavonis Mons
North Korea and Israel have a lot in common .
Neither is a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) , and both employ their nuclear weapons in elaborate games of peek - a- boo with the international community .
Israel and North Korea are equally paranoid about outsiders conspiring to destroy their states , and this paranoia is n’t without some justification .
Partly as a result of these suspicions , both countries engage in reckless and destabilizing foreign policies .
In recent years , Israel has launched preemptive strikes and invaded other countries , while North Korea has abducted foreign citizens and blown up South Korean targets ( including , possibly , a South Korean ship in late March in the Yellow Sea ) .
And they ’re both exceptions in their regions : Israel is a Jewish state in an Arab region ; North Korea is an old - style feudal dictatorship in an Asian region marked by relative prosperity and political openness .
But the two countries often behave as if they are exceptions to all other rules as well .
For instance , they both share an antipathy toward human rights organizations that attempt to hold them to international standards .
Witness the recent attacks by Israel ( and its hard - right supporters ) of Human Rights Watch because of reports critical of Israel ’s human rights record .
North Korea also routinely rejects human rights inquiries as a challenge to its sovereignty .
( For a proposal on a better strategy to engage North Korea on human rights issues , check out my latest piece Starting Where North Korea Is . )
Despite these similarities , these two roguish powers have n’t had a great deal of interaction .
Between 1992 and 1994 , Israel secretly negotiated a billion dollar buy - out of North Korea ’s missile export program to the Middle East , and the United States intervened to nix the deal ( only to explore a similar option with North Korea at the end of the Clinton administration ) .
In 2007 , Israel bombed a suspected nuclear facility in Syria that may or may not have been built with North Korean assistance .
Otherwise , the two countries maintain their innocence and distance .
And yet one country is an official rogue and the other country only plays one on Arab TV .
The difference in designation owes much to U.S. policy .
One of the perks of world domination is the chance to make like Adam in Genesis and name all the animals .
North Korea , according to Washington , is beyond the pale .
Israel , however , is “ one of us ” : firmly ensconced in the Judeo - Christian tradition , accorded honorary European status , and even considered worthy of membership in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) .
In certain respects , of course , Israel readily qualifies for OECD membership .
Its per-capita GDP is larger than current OECD members Turkey and Mexico .
But as Foreign Policy in Focus ( FPIF ) contributor Adam Robert Green explains in Does Israel Belong in the Club ? , Israel faces two types of barriers to access .
On the one hand , Israel is increasingly according second - class status to its non-Jewish citizens .
On the other hand , he writes , “ Israel occupies swathes of East Jerusalem , the West Bank , and the Golan Heights , and exerts physical and bureaucratic control over these regions , without granting any political representation to the inhabitants .
By governing de facto , without giving voice to those governed , Israel cannot be described as a democracy : not technically and not in spirit . ”
So , why does Israel merit this exceptional treatment ?
Certainly , the country has a supportive constituency in the United States , although this “ Israel lobby ” does n’t have the magical powers that some would ascribe to it .
The United States supplies Israel with $ 2 - 3 billion annually in military aid for geopolitical reasons , to have a friend in the region .
But we also send over $ 1 billion every year to Egypt for the same reason .
Heck , we used to send arms to Saddam Hussein , and it was n’t because of an “ Iraq lobby ” pulling the strings .
Of greater salience is the overlap in the exceptionalist traditions of Israel and the United States — the notions of “ chosen people , ” the “ redemption ” of the land by settling it — which I ’ve written about here before .
This symbiotic exceptionalism can also be found in the relationship between North Korea and China .
Both Beijing and Pyongyang view themselves as the centers of the world and , through transmuted nationalism , the true heirs of the communist tradition .
In both cases , however , the sense of overlapping exceptionalism may be coming to an end .
Beijing tolerated Pyongyang ’s out - there behavior because both countries were part of a larger communist bloc , the Cold War in Asia required clear allegiances , and at times North Korea was useful as a cat ’s paw to swipe at the United States and its allies .
Pyongyang tolerated Beijing ’s older - brother paternalism because — to quote Woody Allen ’s famous joke about the guy who accepts his brother ’s delusion that he ’s a chicken — it needed the eggs , namely China ’s shipments of food and energy .
Today , however , these two countries are no longer as “ close as lips and teeth . ”
By pursuing nuclear weapons and refusing to pursue Beijing - style economic reform , North Korea has become like one of those embarrassing relatives who keeps getting thrown in jail and refuses to go into rehab .
China tried tough love but now much of the love has drained from its approach , leaving only toughness .
So , too , have U.S. and Israeli interests begun to diverge .
Israel ’s invasion of Gaza , its refusal to stop new settlements in the West Bank , and its on - again - off - again desire to bomb Iran ’s nuclear facilities are all anathema to the realists in the Obama administration .
Important actors in the U.S. political scene will still support Israel regardless of its behavior , since they want to see Hamas punished , Palestine carved up and impotent , and Iran batted about by our cat ’s paw ally .
But mainstream opinion is beginning to shift away from Israel — or at least the Israeli right ’s version of Israel .
From above , the public criticism of Israel by the U.S. president and vice president conveys Washington ’s anger and frustration .
From below , the emergence of J Street , the pro-Israel and pro-peace policy outfit , challenges the monolithic , Israel - right - or - wrong consensus that has had such a stranglehold over U.S. policy .
Just as China would not likely abandon North Korea , the United States is n’t about to sever relations with Israel any time soon .
Rogue allies are allies first , rogues second .
But both North Korea and Israel may soon find that they ’ve invoked their exceptional status one time too many .
Some day , when they look over their shoulders for back - up , they might find nothing but air .
Bracing for the Offensive
U.S. troops are preparing for an offensive this summer in Kandahar , a Taliban stronghold .
The surge has led to an increase in violence and larger numbers of civilian casualties in northern and southern regions .
In an important new Carnegie report , Gilles Doronsoro argues that the Coalition strategy — of ramping up the fighting , winning local hearts and minds , and persuading Taliban fighters to switch sides — wo n’t work .
If we do n’t start negotiating with the Taliban , we ’ll just sink deeper into the quicksand .
News of Pentagon cover-ups — for instance of a raid that killed three women in mid-February — have not made matters any better .
“ Many nighttime raids conducted in Afghanistan are based on poor intelligence and result in the deaths of many civilians , ” writes FPIF contributor Fouad Pervez in Cover-ups in Afghanistan .
“ Yet there is little in the way of public accountability .
No information is available about reprimands handed out to troops who kill civilians , intelligence officers who obtain poor information , or higher - up commanders who plan these botched raids . ”
Is Oliver Ressler a political scientist , an artist , or just an agent provocateur ?
The Vienna - based Ressler creates works that straddle categories .
His What Is Democracy ? , for instance , pushes us to challenge our own received notions about the political systems in which we operate .
“ I asked this question to people in different cities around the world in order to formulate a critique of representative democracy , and arguments we should take into consideration when starting to conceptualize a new system , ” Ressler tells FPIF contributor Niels van Tomme .
“ Such a new democratic system should have certain institutions , giving people the possibility to get more directly involved with decision - making processes than they do in a representative democracy , which is actually not able to represent people accordingly . ”
Barack Obama ’s Kenyan grandmother is alive and well , and still active in her hometown of Kogelo .
FPIF contributor Andre Vltchek visited her recently .
She does n’t expect any special treatment from her grandson .
“ Now people come here to see us .
Some people want things from us , knowing that we are related to the president of the United States , ” she reports in Postcard from … Kogelo .
“ But Barack Obama said repeatedly that he is not interested in helping any of these villages .
He is interested in helping this entire country . ”
Last week , we helped publish a full - page ad in The Washington Post on the Okinawa issue .
What Okinawa issue , you ask ?
If you want to find out more about why the Pentagon wants to relocate a U.S. military base in Okinawa , why the Okinawans are dead set against it , and why Tokyo is caught in the middle , come to a brown - bag lunch presentation by Japan specialist Gavan McCormack on Monday , May 10 at IPS from noon to 1:30 .
AACHEN , Germany -- Scientists here in the academic heart of Germany 's coal - mining region are readying what they say is a disruptive model for the electric utility industry .
Leave the coal deep underground , they say , and forget the death and expense that come with mining .
Instead , put a drilling hat on .
By baking coal buried thousands of feet underground using controlled fires and gravity 's pressure , they say , previously inaccessible seams can be shifted into easily extracted gas .
The gas , pumped up , will fuel turbines .
And when most of the coal is gone , inject carbon dioxide to fill the void .
It is a simple concept that could reduce construction costs and eliminate the need to build the extensive pipelines required for CO2 storage at any large scale , said Tomas Fernandez - Steeger , an assistant professor at Aachen University 's Department of Engineering Geology and Hydrogeology .
" We make space , " he said , " before we put something in the space . "
The model combines an environmentally problematic but proven technology , underground coal gasification , with recent experiments finding coal seams greedy to trap CO2 but lacking in storage .
By filling the hollows created by underground burning with waste CO2 , companies could potentially create coal - fired power plants for the same price as current carbon - spewing power stations .
The Aachen project is still theoretical .
But it is part of a new wave of startup companies and scientists who have targeted underground coal gasification ( UCG ) , a century - old idea , as the budget - minded savior to curbing greenhouse gas emissions .
In one stroke , advocates say , underground gasification could triple U.S. coal reserves ; put an end to dangerous underground and environmentally degrading surface mining ; and provide an affordable way to collect CO2 emissions for storage .
And it can be done without the technical mishaps and water contamination that have plagued past efforts .
The reality is that coal use in the developing world will double over the next few decades , and with its low costs , UCG holds more promise for reducing emissions than nearly any other option , said John Thompson , director of the coal transition program at the Clean Air Task Force , a nonprofit focused on reducing atmospheric pollution .
" It 's a breakthrough on cost with carbon capture and storage , " Thompson said .
One recent estimate has placed the cost of UCG plants with CO2 storage as equal to those of surface coal - fired plants without any capture technology .
Other estimates have found the synthetic gas UCG produces cheaper than natural gas , even at current depressed levels .
Simply put , it is " coal energy with a natural gas footprint , " said Julio Friedmann , leader of the carbon management program at the U.S. Energy Department 's Lawrence Livermore National Lab .
China , which has had several recent mining tragedies , has embraced underground gasification .
There , it is known as " coal without mining , " Thompson said .
One large - scale project is producing synthetic gas out of Inner Mongolia 's coal seams .
Australia is also operating a large UCG pilot , and more projects are in the pipeline in Asia .
Fitfully , UCG is also returning to the United States , where it was intensely studied after the 1970s oil crisis .
An Alaskan company , CIRI , has begun the process of building a 100 - megawatt UCG plant in the Cook Inlet .
The proposal , which would use its CO2 for enhanced oil recovery , is undergoing environmental review .
UCG 's profile , should the first projects go smoothly , will rise soon , Thompson said .
" If you couple [ UCG ] with CCS , it is a very , very attractive way of getting energy out of coal , " he said , while also allowing the world " to make deep , deep reductions in CO2 by the midcentury . "
A ' controllable ' problem
Like the rise of unconventional natural gas , underground gasification has seen its viability increase in recent years thanks to the leaps made in drilling technology .
Unlike previous efforts , which often focused on coal seams in the drinking water table -- to sometimes disastrous results -- newer UCG projects would burn coal 2,000 yards underground or more , far removed from groundwater supplies .
Such coal would never be accessible in today 's mining conditions .
For example , rich deposits of hard coal sit several kilometers underneath Germany 's northern reaches , said Rafig Azzam , the leader of the Aachen project and a hydrogeology professor .
" It would n't be appropriate for normal mining , " he said .
" But with the drilling techniques we have now , you can reach that . "
And down there , Azzam said , " You have much more coal there than we have ever mined before . "
Underground gasification works remarkably similarly to gasification reactors , the expensive equipment expected to be at the heart of next - generation coal plants .
But rather than using glossy metal chambers to create the pressure needed to transmute coal into gas , UCG substitutes rock , gravity and well - injected oxygen .
Gasification projects rely on two wells , one to carry oxygen down to the seam and the other to evacuate synthetic gas , which flows through permeable coal .
Since seams are often stacked , the synthetic gas well can serve multiple deposits , said Thomas Kempka , a scientist at the German Research Center for Geosciences who collaborates with the Aachen team .
The importance of site selection cannot be stressed enough , Thompson said .
" The big challenge with this environmentally is groundwater damage , " Thompson said .
" But if a site is located below the potable water supply , you really eliminate a lot of the problems that existed in the 1970s . "
Those problems were not insignificant .
Two UCG projects decades ago in Wyoming resulted in large amounts of organic contaminants -- carcinogens like benzene -- entering the groundwater .
One shallow project was poorly operated and its site badly chosen , and the other had drilling problems , according to a report written by Friedmann .
These past environmental problems are sure to haunt UCG , especially in Europe or the United States .
UCG is , after all , burning coal .
There will be something like tar production in the seams , though it will likely stay isolated , Fernandez - Steeger said .
" We are concerned about pollution , " he said .
Modeling pollution paths is the group 's main activity , though nearly everyone , including U.S. EPA , who has researched UCG has found pollution to be a " controllable " problem , he added .
Whether the public agrees remains to be seen .
Soviet made , American refined
Prior to this recent surge in interest , underground gasification has truly had a pilgrim 's progress across the world , taking more than 100 years to develop into the latest , greatest hope for coal .
The Soviet Union adopted UCG after World War II , seeing it as a way to free the worker from the burdens of mining .
Despite a successful program , work was abandoned in the 1970s , perhaps due to the discovery of Siberian natural gas .
Still , the Soviet legacy looms , and a Soviet - era UCG plant , recently purchased by an Australian energy company , operates to this day in Uzbekistan .
The United States built off Soviet research during the 1970s oil crisis , drilling 33 pilot projects by the late 1980s , when plummeting energy prices killed the research .
Belgium and Spain then hosted projects proving deep coal could be gasified in a safe way .
But there were problems , said Henk Pagnier , a Dutch geologist who worked on the Belgian project .
" The whole issue was how do you control the fire underground ? " he said " And how do you control your gas quality ?
Both are not so easy , I can tell you . "
Geologists thought they would need a decade or two to get it right , Pagnier added .
But those issues have been solved , Kempka said .
Thanks to advances that originated in the United States , no oxygen can reach the coal without human intervention , he said .
" You have total control , " he said .
" Otherwise the process would n't work . "
The need for maintaining pressure is one reason gasified coal seams could make ideal CO2 storage sites , Kempka said .
UCG requires impermeable rock to overhang target coal seams -- the same type of formations necessary for trapping carbon dioxide in more accepted geological formations like sandstone .
" Everything has to be tight , " he said .
" You need the perfect sealing caprock , otherwise you can't hold this pressure . "
Burning pores
At first , it seems counterintuitive that coal would hold CO2 .
But it was a project led by Pagnier , the Dutch geologist , that inspired the Aachen group .
Working in Poland several years ago , Pagnier injected CO2 into a coal seam deep underground .
The coal swelled out of eagerness to trap the gas , halting injection .
Coal , it seemed , had a strong affinity for holding CO2 , though little room to do it .
The central idea of the Aachen group , which requires further study , is that UCG turns the coal left behind into the rough equivalent of activated carbon , riddled with a vast network of internal pores .
For example , 1 gram of activated carbon contains close to the surface area of a basketball court .
The amount of space created in the coal , and its propensity to hold CO2 , would mean that most seams could hold all of the CO2 emissions they would have otherwise emitted , Azzam said , with the coal moving from 2 percent to 30 percent porosity .
There is a great amount of variability in these projections -- the projections could fall short -- but more certainty is not possible yet , Kempka said .
" Just a pilot is not enough to get all this data , " he said .
" We need a really large - scale operation , which right now is not available . "
The upshot of coal - seam storage , rather than the aquifer storage likely to be pursued by UCG projects in the immediate future , would be having source and sink at one point , Azzam said .
No pipelines to build , he said .
" These types of expenses , " he said , " we do n't have . "
While the Aachen system could be desirable in the long term , it requires far more research on how CO2 will behave among the gasified coal and neighboring rocks .
The heat , collapse and chemical reactions that accompany gasfication change coal seams , and real - world tests have not been conducted on how CO2 might behave in such an environment .
Costs
For the CO2 tests to happen , more UCG projects will have to get under way .
And in the end it is the price of UCG , even when combined with carbon capture and storage , that will have any success driving the technology .
One recent estimate from a Canadian firm , Ergo Exergy Technologies Inc. , put the price of developing a UCG plant with CCS below the cost of a standard coal - fired plant that made no attempts to curb emissions .
That estimate may not hold , but most estimates agree that UCG can be competitive with natural gas for power generation , even at current deflated prices , according to Lawrence Livermore 's Friedmann .
Investors who have balked at the price of CCS coal - fired plants , which will cost more than $ 1 billion in their earliest incarnations , could find the modular costs of UCG -- say , several hundred million dollars -- easier to swallow , Thompson added .
" The advantage of this is it [ requires ] much lower capital , " he said .
" You do n't have the mining , so you eliminate that part of the supply chain .
You do n't have the surface gasifier .
...
Basically , you have a much lower capital cost . "
The United States , with the harsh divides between oil and gas firms and coal miners , is in some ways poorly suited as a launching point for UCG , Thompson said .
Few domestic firms have expressed interest , though the British oil company BP PLC has partnered with the Lawrence Livermore National Lab to develop the technology ( Greenwire , July 16 , 2007 ) .
Much will depend on the success of CIRI 's Alaska project and efforts in Australia and Canada , Thompson said .
The Energy Department could really usher the technology along by independently monitoring the cavities created at the CIRI project and elsewhere for contaminates , to assuage the fears of early adopters , he added .
" We need to exercise caution in these first sites , " Thompson said .
" But this is a potential game changer . "
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
From the January - February issue of Skeptical Inquirer magazine .
Did you know that Paul McCartney , the ex-Beatle , never actually left the band because . . . he died in 1966 and was then replaced by a lookalike ?
It sounds bizarre , and it is .
The " Paul is dead " myth is one of the most popular myths set in the world of rock music and perhaps the most fun to follow up .
It all began on October 12 , 1969 , when Russ Gibb , a DJ for Detroit 's underground station WKNR - FM , received a phone call by a man named " Tom , " who claimed that some Beatles records contained hidden clues suggesting that Paul McCartney had actually died .
The evidence for a conspiracy revolved around the theory that Paul had been decapitated in an automobile wreck after he left Abbey Road studios in London , where the Beatles recorded their music .
Paul had apparently left upset over an argument with the other Beatles , took his Aston Martin sportscar , and perished in a horrible accident that killed him .
This accident supposedly took place at 5 a.m. on November 9 , 1966 , and was caused by a hitchhiker named Rita who Paul had picked up along the road .
With Paul 's death , however , a big problem arose : the Beatles were at the peak of their career and the loss of one of their members would mean the end of the show for them and for the industry behind them .
Thus , somebody had the idea of never revealing Paul 's death and hiring an impostor in his place , somebody who looked like him and could play music .
Some sources claimed that the imposter was an actor named William Campbell , the winner of a Paul McCartney lookalike contest and , conveniently , an orphan from Edinburgh .
Of course , it did n't hurt to assume that Campbell could write the same type of songs as McCartney and just happened to have the same voice .
The arrival of an impostor in November 1966 , then , could have explained why the Beatles stopped touring that same year ( it would have been too easy to spot a fake McCartney performance on stage ) and started to grow moustaches ( the face was almost identical , but not perfect : it needed some disguise ) .
However , this terrible secret generated in the remaining Beatles , John Lennon , George Harrison , and Ringo Starr , a strong sense of guilt and induced them to insert many hints and clues to the truth in their songs and album covers .
I buried Paul
What had revealed the existence of a conspiracy to the mysterious " Tom " was the publication , two weeks before his telephone call , of the Beatles 's latest album , titled Abbey Road .
The album cover showed the four Beatles walking in a single file across the now - famous crosswalk at Abbey Road .
This was thought to symbolize a funeral procession : John Lennon , dressed in white , represented the Church ( and white is the traditional color of mourning in many Eastern cultures ) ;
Ringo , dressed in black , represented the undertaker .
Paul was out of step with the other three Beatles , with his eyes closed and barefoot : in a number of societies , it appears that corpses are buried without their shoes ; furthermore , Paul held a cigarette in his right hand , when everybody knew that the real McCartney was left - handed !
George Harrison , last in line , was dressed in work clothes and , to many , represented the gravedigger .
On the street there is also a parked Volkswagen Beetle whose license plate shows an eerie message : " LMW 28 IF , " interpreted to mean that Paul would have been 28 if he had lived .
The fact that Paul was actually 27 years old when Abbey Road was released does n't seem to make much difference , for in far Eastern societies ( the Beatles had quite a fascination with the Far East ) an individual 's birth included the time spent in the mother 's womb .
In that case , Paul would indeed have been 28 .
These " revelations " quickly launched an unprecedented outbreak of hysteria in the pop world and in the media , as more and more " clues " were found in previous Beatles records .
First of all , the clue - diggers looked at Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , the first album that the Beatles recorded after Paul 's supposed demise .
Released on June 1 , 1967 , the record was among the most influential in music history .
The cover , another famous picture , showed the four Beatles dressed in band uniforms , gathered around a bass drum bearing the album title and with a crowd of cut - out people around them .
It proved to be a goldmine for clue - diggers .
Again , the spectators resembled the mourners at a funeral and the flowers in front of them not only spelled the word " Beatles , " but also a set of yellow hyacinths formed the shape of a left - handed bass guitar , McCartney 's instrument .
Paul had a right hand raised above his head : again , supposedly , in certain Far Eastern societies , this was a symbol of death .
Also , while the other Beatles held bright , golden , band instruments , Paul held a black clarinet : another supposed symbol of mourning ?
A doll wore a striped " Welcome the Rolling Stones " sweatshirt : on her leg there is a small model car , strongly resembling an Aston Martin that seems to be heading towards the word " Stones . "
Perhaps a hint of the accident ?
If you then held a flat mirror perpendicular to the center of the words " Lonely Hearts " appearing on the bass drum this hidden message appeared : " I ONE IX HE ‡ DIE " .
" I ONE IX " is a direct reference to the supposed fatal crash day ( 11/9/66 ) , " HE " refers to Paul , as the diamond that points directly to McCartney confirms , " DIE " .
In the open album jacket , the Beatles appear still in the Sgt. Pepper 's uniforms and McCartney wore an arm patch that read " OPD " : an abbreviation for " Officially Pronounced Dead " ?
This was also the first album in history that included the lyrics to the songs appearing in the record , and they were published on the back cover , along with a picture of the four Beatles in their outfits .
Strangely , Paul is the only one turning his back to the camera , and also strange is the fact that George 's thumb points to the opening lines of " She 's Leaving Home . "
The lyric states : " Wednesday morning at five o'clock as the day begins , " another reference to the day and time of Paul 's fatal accident ?
In another song of the album , " A Day in the Life , " John sings " He blew his mind out in a car , " and in another , " Good Morning , Good Morning , " he starts by singing : " Nothing to do to save his life " ( and was the title a play on the words " morning " and " mourning " ? )
And what about " Lovely Rita " ?
Was the song a reference to the girl that caused Paul 's death ?
Could be , since in it McCartney ( or the imposter ) sings : " Took her home and nearly made it . "
More clues were also found in subsequent albums .
The Magical Mystery Tour cover showed the Beatles dressed in animal costumes .
In the center was a black walrus and , in certain Scandinavian countries , a walrus is considered a harbinger of death .
Was the imposter dressed in the walrus skin ?
Apparently not , for John Lennon sings in the album the song titled " I am the Walrus . "
But on the album cover , as if scribbled later , the complete title appears to be : " I am the Walrus ( ‘ No You 're Not ! ' Said Little Nicola ) . "
So who was the walrus ?
In a later Beatles release ( titled simply The Beatles , the record became better known as the White Album because the cover was plain white ) , in a song titled " Glass Onion , " Lennon sings : " Well here 's another clue for you all , the walrus was Paul " !
On the booklet included in Magical Mystery Tour , the clues abounded : Paul is shoeless in some pictures , is the only one to wear a black flower on his lapel while the others are red , has a hand above his head in various pictures , and he even sits behind a sign stating " I Was . "
Near the end of the song " Strawberry Fields Forever , " upon careful listening , a faint voice stated something like " I buried Paul . "
You could also turn the Magical Mystery Tour album jacket upside - down and look at its reflection in the mirror : the title , detailed as stars , became the digits to a phone number .
The rumor further explained that if the numbers were dialed , the listener would get the true details of Paul McCartney 's death .
On the White Album , if you listened to a strange murmuring following the song " I'm So Tired , " you could n't make out what it said .
But , should you decide to play the record backwards the words became something like : " Paul is dead now , miss him , miss him , miss him . "
Nothing compared to the chilling revelations of " Revolution No. 9 , " where , after reversing the song , you could hear a voice saying : " Turn me on dead man , " and then the sound of a terrible collision , the sounds of crackling flames and a voice screaming " Let me out !
Let me out ! "
A recreation of Paul 's terrible accident ?
" My death ?
An exaggeration "
It seems unimaginable that the American public would believe such an unfounded rumor .
However , this same generation had been raised on the idea that there may have been a conspiracy to kill President John F. Kennedy and that the Warren Commission had actually worked to hide this fact from the public .
Would it be so impossible , then , to believe that Paul McCartney 's death may have been hidden from the public ?
The rumors became so noisy that Paul McCartney himself had to reassure his fans that he was still alive .
In an exclusive interview with Life magazine ( November 7 , 1969 ) he stated , paraphrasing Mark Twain , that " Rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated .
However , if I was dead , I 'm sure I 'd be the last to know . "
He also offered a number of explanations for the mysterious clues .
The OPD patch he wore on Sgt. Pepper 's actually meant " Ontario Police Department " ; he wore a black flower in Magical Mystery Tour because they had run out of red ones ; it was John wearing the walrus outfit and , on Abbey Road , he was barefoot only because it was a hot day .
Other " clues " had similar simpler explanations : John did not say " I buried Paul " at the end of " Strawberry Fields " but , as can be clearly heard now on a clearer take of the song in Anthology 3 , he says " cranberry sauce . "
However , while it is true that most clues can be easily attributed to coincidence and wishful thinking , there are little things that must have been put there by the Beatles for some purpose , like the various " walrus " claims , the backward messages , and some other hints in the album covers .
It may just be , as John Lennon said , that they only wanted to have a laugh at the expense of those critics reading cryptic messages in everything they did .
What is sadly true is the fact that Charles Manson and his " family " also believed that there were hidden messages in Beatles songs hinting at the Armageddon .
He thought that the Fab Four were actually angels sent by God to reveal the secrets of the approaching apocalypse and that , in order to start the end of the world , they needed Manson 's help .
This is the tragically absurd reasoning he gave for the murder of Sharon Tate , the pregnant wife of film director Roman Polanski , and the guests she was hosting at their house in Hollywood .
According to R. Gary Patterson , author of the well - researched " The Walrus Was Paul " ( New York : Fireside , 1996 ) , " Perhaps the Beatles became concerned that if they admitted to planting clues they could very well be charged in some sort of conspiracy that would indirectly link them to the Manson murders .
Perhaps it would be much safer to give up the hoax and deny it ever happened .
This way , the Beatles would be safe from any lawsuit implicating the band members . "
Perhaps .
In a lighter vein , however , the rumor also helped to further boost the sale of the Beatles catalog and inspired a lot of cartoons and comedy skits , like one that was presented on The Ed Sullivan Show on Februrary 23 , 1970 , involving two angels in heaven :
Angel One :
Is there any truth to the rumor that Paul McCartney is still alive ?
Angel Two : I doubt it .
Where do you think we get those groovy harp arrangements ?
Massimo Polidoro is an investigator of the paranormal , author , lecturer , and co-founder and head of CICAP , the Italian skeptics group .
His Web site is www.massimopolidoro.com.
This article appears in the January - February issue of Skeptical Inquirer magazine and is republished here by agreement with LiveScience.com .
