Can you believe it ?
No , seriously -- can your mind handle this realness ?
After months upon months of teetering on the brink of eternal vaporware , the JooJoo tablet is shipping to actual end -users .
Yeah , we 've had our media unit for a few days , but when you think about how many startups have dreams of shipping devices as substantial as this , just the sight of an unopened FedEx box from its warehouse makes an impact .
Frankly , the timing here could n't possibly be worse , but we 're guessing a fair amount of to - be tablet buyers were holding back on plunking down their cold , hard cash to a company that was having issues with the most basic of business processes .
So yes , Fusion Garage is actually shipping these to mere mortals today , and just in case you were curious about the insides , one of our engineering tipsters put his Harvard skills to good use by breaking into the casing and having a glance at the nuts and bolts .
He told us that getting inside required the removal of just ten screws ( using the correct screwdriver , mind you ) , and that the RAM slot ( 1GB provided ) was easily accessible .
For that matter , the mini PCIe SSD and extra mini PCIe slot were as well , and while he located a 3G SIM slot , he could n't spot the 3G antenna .
On the software front , he noted that he was having all sorts of issues , from Hotmail not loading ( it demands an upgrade to a " newer browser " to Netflix streaming not being supported at all .
Not exactly reassuring news , but hey , if you 're up for hacking Windows 7 onto this thing , at least you can count on getting a product when you hand over those digits .
[ Thanks , Ashwani ]
WASHINGTON – While Israel is rightfully concerned by deep breach in trust between the Obama administration and Netanyahu 's government , many ignore the growing crisis between the State of Israel and US Jewry .
A source familiar with the goings - on told Ynet that the situation " is like a ship heading towards and iceberg . "
It is in this context that Jewish leaders warn against incurring damage to Israel 's security .
Avigdor Lieberman and Eli Yishai have recently brought the age - old question of who is a Jew to public consciousness once again , plotting what seems to be a legislative deal that includes Yisrael Beiteinu 's civil marriage bill in exchange for granting exclusive control over conversion to Shas and Orthodox rabbis .
Protest US Reform Jews protest conversion law Ynet
In strongly worded message to foreign minister , Movement 's leaders call on Israel to reject proposed bill , treat all streams of Judaism equally US Reform Jews protest conversion law
The legislation is meant to solve genuine hardship , and Lieberman would like to uphold his campaign promise .
However , it seems that Shas has pinpointed a golden opportunity .
For US
Jewry , this is a tie - breaker in a game that has gone on for years over defining who is a Jew and joins other events happening in Israel that keep the younger generation of US Jews away from Israel .
Many believe that if Israel were to lose the support of these Jews , it would ultimately lose White House support , regardless of the current diplomatic squabble between Netanyahu and Obama .
Breaking the silence
Executive President and CEO of United Synagogue for Conservative Judaism , Rabbi Steven Wernick explained in a conversation with Ynet , " If Israel wants to be the country of the Jews , it needs to start being a country for all the Jews . "
Conservative Rabbi Julie Schonfeld went a step farther , and said that passing such law will damage Israel 's security .
Rabbi Schonfeld is among the most important Jewish leaders in the US , and currently serves as the executive vice president of the Rabbinical Assembly , the association of Conservative rabbis worldwide .
The RA has existed since 1901 and represents a group of pro-Israel Jews who contribute political and financial support the country needs .
" What is happening is damaging to Israel 's security , and I am not saying this as a metaphor , " said Schonfeld to Ynet .
" Most of the representatives in AIPAC are Conservative and Reform who work day and night for Israel in the US .
But when these people arrive in Israel , they are treated as non-Jews .
Chairs are thrown at them at the Kotel .
The police arrest them .
You need to understand that a threat to our relations with Israel is a threat to the resilience and security of the country . "
An article written by Rabbi Schonfeld in the Jewish Telegraphic Agency , which was published in nearly every Jewish newspaper throughout the US , has caused quite a stir .
She wrote that Israel is being conquered by small , extremist ultra-Orthodox parties , but American Jewry has kept quiet on the assumption that " silence on religious coercion equals unity and thus also equals Israel 's security . "
Now , Schonfeld warned , " The young generation sees Israel as a society with growing religious zealotry and oppression .
We must change the growing alienation of young Jews in the Diaspora , who are unwilling to accept a society that allows a religious minority to contemptibly threaten their religious values . "
The Jewish Federation in the US sent letters to Netanyahu and Jewish Agency Chairman Natan Sharansky warning that passing the conversion law will push them away and will affect conversion .
Israeli Ambassador to the US Michael Oren received more emails in the past few days than all letters received at the embassy in the past decade on any issue , including the Second Lebanon War and Operation Cast Lead .
Time has come for opposition
Rabbi Wernick wished to make it clear to Ynet readers : " We are Zionists .
Fifty percent of the participants in the last AIPAC conference at which PM Netanyahu spoke are Conservative .
We are pro-Israel .
For us , Jerusalem is our capital , not a settlement .
Everything we do stems from a love of Israel . "
Following this disclaimer , he charged , " It is about time that the state and Israeli society deal with the question of Jewish pluralism . "
Though the conversion law is a death blow for them , even without it , US Jews are crushed by the country 's conduct on issues of law , justice , and democracy in general , and by the country 's treatment of them in particular , the rabbi says .
They are angered that it turns out the Western Wall apparently does not belong to all Jews , but to ultra-Orthodox who have taken over the Western Wall pavilion and are awarded police support .
They are outraged when a Reform rabbi is arrested at the Kotel for donning a prayer shawl or when women seeking to pray there are gruffly pushed aside .
Reform and Conservative Jews find it hard to understand why a sovereign democracy does not protect their right to pray at the Western Wall , Wernick explains .
Netanyahu is too busy
PM Netanyahu said in his speech to the Jewish Federation conference held last November in Washington that Israel is the country of all Jews .
However , in the throes of the oncoming crisis with the US , he has yet to find time to meet with Union for Reform Judaism President Rabbi Eric Yoffie , the leader of the largest denomination in Judaism , with some 40 % of US Jewry affiliated with it .
Rabbi
Yoffie says he does not have any gripes towards the prime minister on this matter .
He understands he is a busy man .
Instead , Rabbi Yoffie spent his time in the Knesset speaking with 15 Knesset members who he says had no idea what he was talking about .
For US Jewry , Yoffie explained to them , the Law of Return is the main and most vital connection between Jewsn and the State of Israel .
In a conversation with Ynet , Rabbi Yoffie explained , " The State of Israel is not the country of Israelis .
If so , then I have no connection with the country .
What connects me is the fact that this is the country of the Jews .
This is the essential point .
Zionism is a movement for Jews .
Whoever does n't understand this has no idea what the State of Israel is . "
Damaging this essential value , he claimed , damages the country and its security : " There is nothing in the world more important to the State of Israel than good relations with America .
This is the top - most value .
Only here can we help defend the country and ensure its future .
There is no chance that these relations continue to be strong without American Jews . "
" We are a force in both parties , and they know it .
The moment Israel becomes less important to Jews and it is felt in Washington , this will affect relations between the US and Israel , " Yoffie explained .
He admitted that his generation is committed to Israel , but warned that we do not have the young Jewish generation in our back pocket .
" Whoever thinks that he can pass a law that my Judaism is not Judaism is risking a harsh response , " he said .
At least nine activists killed and dozens more wounded by Israeli naval commandos
Israel was engulfed by a wave of global condemnation last night after a botched assault on a flotilla carrying aid and supplies to the Gaza Strip ended in carnage and a diplomatic crisis involving the UN security council .
At least nine pro-Palestinian activists were killed as Israeli naval commandos stormed the Mavi Marmara , the largest ship in the flotilla carrying passengers .
Dozens more were wounded and evacuated by helicopter to Israeli hospitals .
Israel said more than 10 of its troops were injured , two seriously , in the battle that began early yesterday morning in international waters , about 40 miles from the coast of Gaza .
The flotilla was trying to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza , which has been enforced for the past three years .
The UN security council met last night in emergency session and Turkey , whose relations with Israel have been severely strained since the war in Gaza in 2008 - 9 , called for Nato to convene over the military assault .
The Turkish prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who ordered the recall of the country 's ambassador to Israel , described the operation as " state terrorism " and said Israel had violated international law .
" We are not going to remain silent in the face of this inhumane state terrorism , " he said .
Israel immediately imposed a communications blackout on the detained activists – some were taken by bus to Beersheva prison in the south of Israel – while simultaneously launching a sophisticated public relations operation to ensure its version of events was dominant .
Its prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , who defended the assault , put off a meeting with Barack Obama at the White House scheduled for today to fly back to deal with the crisis .
Activists with less serious injuries began to trickle into Israeli hospitals late yesterday afternoon .
There were believed to be about 27 British civilians aboard the flotilla , and last night the Foreign Office confirmed that at least one had been injured .
Most of the dead were reported to be Turkish nationals .
The deaths and injuries were condemned by the UN , EU and other countries .
The US , in contrast , was restrained in its response , expressing regret and saying it was " currently working to understand the circumstances surrounding this tragedy " .
The UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , condemned the violence and called for an investigation .
" I am shocked by reports of killing of people in boats carrying supply to Gaza .
I heard the ships were in international water .
That is very bad , " he said .
The foreign secretary , William Hague , issued a statement " deploring " the loss of life .
" There is a clear need for Israel to act with restraint and in line with international obligations , " he said .
The Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , described the storming of the flotilla as a " massacre " and called for three days of national mourning .
Israel 's navy had promised to exercise restraint in dealing with the flotilla , and the bloodshed will inevitably leave Israel open to charges of a disproportionate response involving excessive force .
The Israeli government , however , was robust in defending its actions , saying its troops had been provoked and attacked by activists aboard the Mavi Marmara .
However , some Israeli commentators expressed reservations about the operation , fearing it would leave Israel internationally isolated .
Alon Liel , a former Israeli ambassador to Turkey , told the Guardian the situation could have been averted .
" Definitely we made mistakes and in retrospect anything would have been better – including letting the boats reach Gaza , " he said .
The assault began at 4.30 am as the convoy was heading to Gaza to deliver its cargo of aid .
According to a spokeswoman for the Israeli defence force ( IDF ) , Avital Leibovich , officers aboard its warships gave the activists several warnings before commandos were winched from helicopters on to the deck of the Mavi Marmara .
" We found ourselves in the middle of a lynching , " she told reporters in the Israeli port of Ashdod .
About 10 activists had attacked commandos , taking their pistols , she said .
" It was a massive attack , " she said .
What happened was a last resort . "
It was impossible to contact protesters on the ships , but the Free Gaza Movement , one of the organisers of the flotilla , said the IDF had started the violence , firing as soon as troops boarded the ship .
Leibovich defended Israel 's action in international waters , saying it was permissible when a country 's security was threatened .
The Free Gaza Movement said later that one of the ships in the flotilla , the Irish - owned MV Rachel Corrie , was not intercepted , as it had been behind the rest of the vessels following a delay .
Carrying among others the Northern Irish Nobel peace laureate Mairead Corrigan - Maguire and Denis Halliday , the Irish former UN assistant secretary , it remained in international waters off Gaza , pending a decision as to where it would head next .
The Mavi Marmara was brought into port at Ashdod , 23 miles north of Gaza City , last night following the earlier arrival of two other passenger ships .
The area was closed to the media .
Activists were expected to be processed in a large white tent on the quayside , where they would be offered the choice of immediate deportation to their country of origin or going through the lengthy process of the Israeli courts system .
The Israeli authorities gave no details of the injuries to activists , but confirmed that nine were dead , although government sources said the figure could rise
Israel advised its nationals in Turkey to leave the country for fear of reprisals .
Israeli police cancelled leave and the army was on high alert , saying it feared possible rocket attacks from Islamist militants in Gaza and southern Lebanon .
Last night a rocket fired from Gaza landed in Israel .
No one was injured .
Three Royal Navy ships are being deployed to help bring stranded Britons home as UK airspace remains restricted .
The UK's emergency committee Cobra discussed options to address the travel chaos caused by a volcanic ash cloud and will hold another meeting later .
The three ships are heading for Spain and unspecified Channel ports .
Air traffic control service Nats has extended flight restrictions to 0100 BST Tuesday , but ministers are hopeful airspace may reopen later that day .
Transport Secretary Lord Adonis said Met Office reports of a " dramatic reduction in volcanic activity on Monday morning " meant it might be possible to open airspace on Tuesday if the reduction was sustained .
" If it 's possible to start opening airports tomorrow , contingency plans are being put in place to get as many people through those airports as fast as possible , " he told BBC News .
Planes were first grounded in the UK at midday on Thursday amid fears particles in the ash cloud from Eyjafjallajoekull could cause engines to shut down .
' Human consequences '
The Met Office has advised that the volcano is now less active than previously , although weather patterns continue to blow volcanic ash towards the UK .
Brian Golding , head of forecasting at the Met Office , said there were " promising signs " the wind will be blowing in a different direction by the end of next weekend .
Travel agents ' association Abta said its " rough estimate " was that 150,000 Britons are currently stranded abroad , and rail and ferry services have been stretched to the limit by passengers seeking other means to return .
HMS Ark Royal will be used to help bring Britons home
Stranded Britons : Rescue plan
Following the Cobra meeting , the prime minister outlined discussions he had held with Spanish premier Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero about the use of airports in Spain , which retain a limited service as they are at the edge of the ash cloud .
" I talked to Prime Minister Zapatero and he has offered in principle the use of Spanish airports as a hub to bring people back to Britain , " he said .
" We are now looking ( at ) transport arrangements that we will support as a government - coach , ferry and train - to get people either from Madrid or another Spanish airport back to Britain . "
He added that HMS Ark Royal , HMS Ocean and HMS Albion would soon be deployed towards Channel ports for the effort .
" I believe this is one of the most serious transport disruptions we have faced , " Mr Brown said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It 's got financial consequences as well as human consequences and we will do everything in our power to make sure all the arrangements are in place to help people where possible to get back home . "
The BBC understands 500 British soldiers from 3rd Battalion , The Rifles are being airlifted by chartered civilian jets from Cyprus to Spain , before sailing to the UK aboard HMS Albion .
The ship , due to arrive in the Spanish port of Santander on Tuesday morning , may also carry civilians on its return .
On Sunday , 300 soldiers from the same battalion returned to the UK via coach and ferry .
Shadow transport secretary Theresa Villiers said : " It is good news for Britons trying to get home that the government are now looking to make use of the Royal Navy .
" People stranded abroad need to know all that can be done to help them is being done and this is a first step . "
Shadow tourism minister Tobias Ellwood accused the government of " dithering " in its duty to help Britons stranded abroad .
MAJOR EU AIRPORTS ON 19 APRIL Heathrow - closed Frankfurt - closed after reopening on a limited basis for several hours on Sunday Paris Charles de Gaulle - closed Schiphol , Amsterdam - closed Rome - limited service Madrid - limited service
Mr Ellwood , a former pilot , suggested allocating emergency drop - off points for all UK - bound flights in Bordeaux , Marseille , Madrid and Barcelona and bringing passengers back into the UK on planes flying at a low altitude .
Liberal Democrat transport spokesman Norman Baker said the length of time British passengers faced being stranded for needed to be " urgently assessed " .
In other developments :
Clouded economics
EU transport ministers are also expected to hold emergency talks by video conference on how to ease the chaos caused by the volcanic ash cloud that has paralysed air travel across Europe .
The talks come as airports and airlines have called for flight restrictions - said to be costing airlines $ 200 m ( £ 130 m ) a day - to be reviewed .
British commercial pilots ' union Balpa said the industry will need the same of kind of government rescue following the eruption as some banks have had , with a number of airlines " staring bankruptcy in the face " .
Tim Jeans , managing director of the airline Monarch , said that " clearly you cannot sell a ticket for somebody from say Alicante to London for £ 60 and pick up a £ 2,000 bill " .
" No business could stand that and the UK airline industry is no different . "
Airports Council International ( ACI ) Europe and the Association of European Airlines ( AEA ) have questioned the proportionality of the flight restrictions currently imposed .
ACI 's director general Oliver Jankovek said safety was an " absolute priority " but it was important to distinguish whether there was a " genuine risk " .
However , Eurocontrol , the organisation in charge of air safety in Europe , has denied aviation authorities are being over - cautious .
I was due back at university today .
Some are jeopardising their degrees by missing dissertation deadlines and important exams .
We have been emailing our lecturers to inform them of our situation
Alice Pegrum
Stranded in China
Live text : Volcano ash as it happens
A number of airlines , including British Airways , have said they have carried out test flights within restricted zones with no obvious damage to aircraft .
BA chief executive Willie Walsh said analysis of its test flight and those of other airlines provided " fresh evidence that the current blanket restrictions on airspace are unnecessary " .
Lord Adonis said : " In light of the test results we 're getting from flights in Britain and similar test flights that have been taking place in Europe , discussions are taking place between the safety authorities and the manufacturers , to see whether there can be any updating of the safety regime for operating planes . "
Meanwhile , Dr Guy Gratton , head of the Facility of Airborne Atmospheric Measurement , a joint body belonging to the Met Office and the Natural Environment Research Council , said that " it 's still quite a complex mixture of clear air and very worrying - but invisible - volcanic ash at all sorts of heights " .
Anyone concerned about the safety of a British national stranded abroad can call a Foreign Office helpline on 020 7008 0000 , or visit its website .
Stranded Britons should contact their local embassy , high commission or consulate .
Have you been affected by the volcanic ash cloud ?
Are you stranded because of the airspace restrictions ?
Are you in Iceland ?
You can send your experiences using the form below :
Send your pictures or videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 if you are in the UKor +44 7725 100 100 if you are abroad .
If you have a large file you can upload it here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
Even as the first whispers of immigration reform began to surface in the wake of Obamacare , it was obvious that Glenn Beck would take an uncommon approach to the subject .
In fact , he has taken very little approach to it at all , because illegal immigration is only one in a four - step process to dilute the American voting pool with Marxists , felons , and Puerto Ricans .
Yes , there is legislation on the table to make Puerto Rico a state , something that Beck deserves credit for covering , since that kind of law would change America and it appears many in the media were too distracted by senators saying dirty words to get to that yesterday .
But this being Glenn Beck , he did n’t stop at just covering this news , or having an opinion on this isolated incident .
The law , Beck argues , is a product of Marxist conspirators toiling from within the Democratic Party to expand their base .
Citing the mission of the Puerto Rican Progressive Party , he notes that the two goals on the Puerto Rican left are specifically to make Puerto Rico a state and “ enact social justice ” – and we all know what that means .
The plan to dilute the conservative vote includes making Puerto Rico a state , giving Washington , DC a Congressman , giving illegal immigrants amnesty and , eventually , citizenship , and giving convicted felons the right to vote .
Beck is aware that targeting Mexicans and Puerto Ricans ( and lumping them in with felons ) may be construed as racist , but if anyone argues that , remember that at the end of the day “ it ’s about bringing more people onboard– more people who can vote for the Democratic Party . ”
Video below :
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
As BP 's initial efforts to stem the flow of crude oil into the Gulf of Mexico at its Deepwater Horizon drilling site have fallen by the wayside , the company said Monday it is implementing a plan in the next two weeks to permanently plug the leaking well .
If successful , this so - called " junk shot " option — which involves clogging the well 's failed blowout preventer with a variety of objects , including golf balls , tires and tennis balls — will be covered with a layer of cement that ensures the well is never used again .
" Our number one priority is how do we shut the flow off , " Kent Wells , a BP senior vice president for exploration and production , said in a Webcast posted to BP 's Web site Monday .
" This is an unprecedented technical challenge .
We 've never had a blowout at 5,000 feet . "
Although the prospect of solving such a big problem by using seemingly miscellaneous objects to do what the more sophisticated blowout preventer could not , " there 's some science to this , " Wells said .
" We 're trying to get a mix of different sizes of material that will wedge in …and hold . "
The junk , for lack of a better word , will be pumped down into the wellbore and into the flow of escaping oil .
From there , BP is hoping that the combination of balls , tires and other objects will follow the oil up to the blowout preventer , clogging it and shutting off the leak .
" This technique , by the way , has been used all over the world , " including in Kuwait after Iraq sabotaged that country 's oil wells , Wells said .
The challenge , as with everything else BP has tried to shut down the Deepwater leak , is that it has never been attempted under 1,500 meters of ocean .
In the procedure that BP refers to as a " junk shot , " well operators use a solid , deformable sealant or mixture of sized solids to create a seal or bridge to stop a leak , John Rogers Smith , an associate professor of petroleum engineering at Louisiana State University , explained in an e-mail to Scientific American .
The procedure is used when there is a leak to be sealed that cannot be accessed directly .
" It is like pumping leak sealant into a tire ( instead of using a patch or a plug ) or putting a leak sealant into a radiator ( instead of draining it and repairing the leak ) . "
When a well is drilled , a surface hole is created and reinforced with piping held in place by cement .
A high - pressure connector is placed on top of this threaded pipe .
The blowout preventer , a large valve used to control the flow of the gas or oil reservoir that has been tapped , is designed to plug the well in an emergency .
The Deepwater rig's crew was unable to activate the blowout preventer after an April 20 explosion that sunk the rig and killed 11 crew members .
Wells said that BP will be able to try the junk shot procedure multiple times if necessary to clog the blowout preventer .
If this proves successful , BP will then pump a mixture called " kill mud " down the wellbore to push the oil and gas back into the reservoir .
" We 'll follow that with cement , and we will permanently abandon this well , " Wells said .
Cement is used as a permanent sealant in oil and gas wells .
The process is relatively routine if it can be pumped into the leak path and held in place until it hardens , according to Smith .
For cement to successfully seal a leak , these conditions are required : it must be isolated from contaminants ; it must completely displace all of the other fluids from the path to be sealed ; it must be used away from areas where it might complicate subsequent operations ( by plugging a path that needs to stay open or cementing a tool into the well ) ; and it must remain stationary in the spot it is intended to seal until it sets .
" Meeting these criteria can be difficult , " Smith adds .
The junk shot has become an option only after a four - story , 100 - ton concrete - and - steel containment box installed on the ocean floor over the largest leak , where 85 percent of the oil is escaping , failed over the weekend .
The box was supposed to funnel oil to the surface but had to be removed after a build - up of gas hydrates resembling ice accumulated inside the device and blocked the exit at the top .
There appears to be a significant amount of natural gas bubbling out of the well with the oil , says Paul Bommer , a senior lecturer in the University of Texas at Austin 's Department of Petroleum and Geosystems Engineering .
Under the right conditions , with lower temperatures , the water in the gas begins to freeze .
" If you put a containment dome over the leaking gas , then it 's going to try to get to the top of the dome , where it will expand , cool off and possibly freeze , " he adds .
In addition to the junk shot , BP is planning to place a smaller box — called a top hat and about the size of a barrel of oil cut in half — over the leak by the end of the week .
The top hat has a better chance of working than the larger containment box because it will cover less seawater .
" The volume of hydrate will by definition be much less because the volume of water entering the containment will be much less , " BP Group CEO Tony Hayward said Monday during the Webcast .
The company is also drilling relief wells to alleviate some of the pressure and provide an alternative route for the oil to flow .
The Cochran Firm – Metairie is a law firm that focuses its practice on Traumatic Brain Injuries , medical malpractice and personal injury cases .
The Firm has recovered more than $ 40,000,000 in settlements and verdicts in Traumatic Brain Injury cases in the last 4 years alone .
The firm is a Bar Registry Firm in the area of medical malpractice , which indicates it has achieved a status as preeminent in this field .
Its senior managing partner , Mr. Jeffrey A. Mitchell , was hand - picked by the famous late Johnnie L. Cochran Jr. ( 1937-2005 ) , to chair the Medical Malpractice Section for The Cochran Firm , U.S.A. , which has approximately 30 offices nationwide .
Mr. Mitchell enjoys a legal rating of A.V. , the highest legal rating available for an attorney from the Martindale Hubbell Legal Directory .
Mr. Mitchell is also only one of approximately 12 lawyers in Louisiana who is Board Certified to handle medical malpractice cases by the American Board of Professional Liability Attorneys .
Mr. Mitchell was featured in the April 23 , 2012 edition of Newsweek Magazine as one of the Nationwide Leading Medical Malpractice Attorneys .
Mr. Mitchell was selected for inclusion in the 2012 - 2016 editions of The Best Lawyers in America .
He was also selected to the 2012 - 2016 editions of Louisiana SuperLawyers .
Mountains of Southwest Colombia ( CNN ) --
Through the afternoon downpour a horse plods along a muddy mountain path .
I can smell him almost before he rounds the bend .
He 's weighed down with more than 50 kilograms ( 110 pounds ) of freshly - picked marijuana .
A peasant farmer gees the animal along , anxious to get his crop into the dry .
I stop the farmer and briefly pet the horse .
" He 's called Stoner , " the farmer tells me in Spanish , before breaking into a broad grin and setting off again .
He was , of course , joking .
These are the mountains of Colombia 's southwest Cauca province , far from the reach of the law and just as far from market -- making it difficult , the dirt - poor peasants say , to scrape a living selling legal produce .
Around every bend and in every village there 's a surprise .
Marijuana plantations stretch sometimes for several acres , clinging to steep - sided canyons .
Farmhands wielding machetes disappear amid a " forest " of thousands of plants , two or three times taller than a person .
They reappear minutes later with a bundle of marijuana over their shoulder and head for rudimentary drying houses made of black plastic slung over wooden branches .
In some of these shacks hundreds of pounds of marijuana are hung out to dry .
In other communities , old ladies take advantage of a brief break in the rain to toss marijuana up to dry on the tin roofs of their homes .
Others hang the herb in the rafters of the kitchen , where the strangely sweet smell mingles with the aroma of a stew cooking on a smoky fire .
This is a cottage industry .
Weed is the cash crop of choice .
The cheapest variety sells for around $ 4 a pound -- that 's almost twice the price of coffee , which is the only other viable cash crop in these parts .
" We know we 're doing harm to society .
But this is what gives us an income because ordinary food crops are worth nothing , " one marijuana grower tells me , asking me not to identify him by name .
Cultivating marijuana is illegal here but many say it 's their only means of survival .
Colombia 's first marijuana boom came in the late 1960s and early 1970s and the country became a major supplier to the United States .
But Colombian marijuana gave way to the craze for cocaine .
Then , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , Colombian marijuana was totally squeezed out of the U.S. market by better quality home - grown weed , as well as imports from Canada and Mexico .
Now , in Cauca province at least , there 's a new bonanza .
This is one of the few regions of Colombia where , according to United Nations ' anti-drug officials , the production of marijuana and coca leaves , the raw material for cocaine , is increasing .
At the same time , Colombia is once again exporting good quality pot and has become a " major supplier " to Europe , according to the DEA .
The rugged terrain and the region 's remoteness are part of the explanation why the new boom has taken root here .
It 's difficult for Colombian security forces to get into the region and locate drug plantations .
Moreover , the area is a stronghold for leftist FARC guerrillas .
Although none of the peasants say the FARC ran the drug trade in northern Cauca , they explain the rebels levy what they called a " war tax " of about $ 14 for every kilogram ( 2.2 pounds ) of marijuana trucked out of these hills and down to nearby towns and cities .
What seems clear is that few peasants are getting rich from growing drugs .
" I earn just enough to feed my family , send the kids to school and pay for clothes , " one grower says as he strips buds from dried stalks .
" There 's an image abroad that if you grow drugs then you have gold chains or fine cars .
That 's false .
I do n't even have a bicycle , " he says .
He does , however , have six children to feed and says he just could n't earn enough selling the legal staples of plantains , yucca and squash .
In addition , the roads in these mountains are mostly dirt tracks , almost impassable when it rains heavily .
Even when a bus or a truck does make it up to remote villages , farmers say the selling price for legal produce barely covers the cost of transporting their crops to market .
Once the marijuana is picked and dried , peasants sell it to middlemen -- sometimes bigger farmers or buyers who have come from the cities .
The marijuana is pressed into 25 - pound ( 12 kg ) bales , often using a simple iron press and a car jack to compact the weed .
Some farmers tell us some of the middlemen had more sophisticated electric - powered hydraulic presses too .
The best marijuana , however , is trimmed with kitchen scissors , bud by bud , and packed carefully in boxes .
The farmers have several names for the relatively new variety of marijuana they 're sowing .
Some call it " Dutch seed " .
Others call it " kryptonite . "
They say it 's a genetically - modified hybrid , bred originally in Holland and up to three times stronger than other varieties grown here .
" Colombian Red will get you high .
But kryptonite will get you really stoned , " one farmer tells me .
He clarifies though , that he was not speaking from personal experience .
In more than a week in the region I do not manage to find a single farmer who smokes his own produce .
" We do n't have any bad habits round here .
Maybe some of us have a drink from time to time but none of us smoke that stuff , " a farmhand in his 20s says .
The farmers seem to exhibit no sentimentality about their crop , to the point that peasant leaders in northern Cauca province are now putting a proposal to the government .
They say they are ready to voluntarily eradicate their marijuana plantations on condition the government sets up a system of agricultural subsidies and invests in rural development programs .
" We 're ready to voluntarily substitute drug crops on a gradual basis if the government invests in our communities and in the region .
We want a development plan , " Orlando Angel , a peasant leader from the hill village of Pedregal , tells me .
But he warns they would not begin the process until the government offers some concessions .
" If we just pull out the drug crops without any other guarantees of work then we 're taking the food out of our children 's mouths .
We 're taking away their chance of healthcare and chance of an education , " he says .
Previous Colombian government crop substitution plans have usually been small - scale and unsuccessful .
In the past , government officials paid one - time subsidies to farmers to pull out coca plants .
But when those same farmers were unable to make a living selling legal produce they resorted to sowing drugs again .
According to Colombian government and U.N. figures , the area of coca plantations has diminished steadily over about the last five years .
But that is not because of voluntary deals between the government and peasants but because of forced eradication carried out in the framework of the U.S. - funded " Plan Colombia " counterdrug program .
The government has not yet given a detailed response to the peasants ' proposals in Cauca province .
At a meeting in the town of Caloto in late April , neither the national government nor the provincial authorities sent delegates to talk with the peasants as agreed the previous month .
National government officials have asked for a new meeting at a so far unspecified date .
But at the same time , the government has been sending army troops into the region .
Their mission , according to army officers , is to fight FARC guerrillas and once the area is stabilized to begin wiping out drug crops by force .
That could set the stage for possible confrontation between poor , civilian farmers and the military .
" If the army tries to destroy our crops by force then we will organize protests , " Angel , the peasant leader says .
" We will march and we will block the major highways . "
UPDATE @ 2:23 p : Jim released on personal recognizance , while Mike was treated with the following :
Today $ 250 was demanded of Big Mike for standing in the street talking calmly with police – he refuses and is sent to jail for an entire month before trial .
Dave Ridley Reports live from the Valley St. jail in Manchester :
Dave also recently called some slimy politicians in an attempt to get answers out of them about the Nashua 420 arrests , without much luck .
Listen if you want to be disgusted by state - worshiping politicians :
" In reaching the decision to retire , he wished to ensure that the legacy and traditions that he has built up in Harrods would be continued , and that the team that he has built up would be encouraged to develop the foundations that he has laid .
Why the oil spill could change everything .
The continuing undersea gusher of oil 50 miles off the shores of Louisiana is not the only source of dangerous uncontrolled pollution spewing into the environment .
Worldwide , the amount of man-made CO2 being spilled every three seconds into the thin shell of atmosphere surrounding the planet equals the highest current estimate of the amount of oil spilling from the Macondo well every day .
Indeed , the average American coal - fired power generating plant gushes more than three times as much global - warming pollution into the atmosphere each day — and there are over 1,400 of them .
Just as the oil companies told us that deep - water drilling was safe , they tell us that it ’s perfectly all right to dump 90 million tons of CO2 into the air of the world every 24 hours .
Even as the oil spill continues to grow — even as BP warns that the flow could increase multi-fold , to 60,000 barrels per day , and that it may continue for months — the head of the American Petroleum Institute , Jack Gerard , says , " Nothing has changed .
When we get back to the politics of energy , oil and natural gas are essential to the economy and our way of life . "
His reaction reminds me of the day Elvis Presley died .
Upon hearing the tragic news , Presley ’s manager , Colonel Tom Parker , said , “ This changes nothing . ”
However , both the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and the CO2 spill into the global atmosphere are causing profound and harmful changes — directly and indirectly .
The oil is having a direct impact on fish , shellfish , turtles , seabirds , coral reefs , marshes , and the entire web of life in the Gulf Coast .
The indirect effects include the loss of jobs in the fishing and tourism industries ; the destruction of the health , vitality , and rich culture of communities in the region ; imminent bankruptcies ; vast environmental damage expected to persist for decades ; and the disruption of seafood markets nationwide .
And , of course , the consequences of our ravenous consumption of oil are even larger .
Starting 40 years ago , when America 's domestic oil production peaked , our dependence on foreign oil has steadily grown .
We are now draining our economy of several hundred billion dollars a year in order to purchase foreign oil in a global market dominated by the huge reserves owned by sovereign states in the Persian Gulf .
This enormous and increasing transfer of wealth contributes heavily to our trade and current - account deficits , and enriches regimes in the most unstable region of the world , helping to finance both terrorism and Iran ’s relentless effort to build a nuclear arsenal .
The profound risk to our national and economic security posed by the prospect of the world ’s sudden loss of access to Persian Gulf oil contributed greatly to the strategic miscalculations and public deceptions that led to our costly invasion of Iraq , including the reckless diversion of military and intelligence assets from Afghanistan before our mission there was accomplished .
Danbury screenwriter will take publicity any way he can get it
Publicity for the film " Just Like Joe , " to be screened Friday evening at the film festival in Danbury , got a shot in the arm earlier this week that was almost literal .
" Just Like Joe " director and co-writer Fred Carpenter was filming another movie Tuesday on Long Island .
The scene at the Cool Stop grocery store in Bellmore was being shot when a passer - by looked in the window and saw actors wielding guns and about 40 extras spread out on the floor .
What the person did n't see was director Carpenter and his small crew .
The passer - by assumed the hostage scene was real and called police .
There were no shots fired , Carpenter said , but it came close .
The incident made the national news circuit and was written up in the New York Post and the Daily News .
" We 've gotten like a million dollars of publicity , " Danbury resident Thom Sciacca .
said .
" Everybody has heard about it !
It 's hysterical .
It ended up being a positive thing . "
Reached by phone , Carpenter saw the humor in the situation but was also very thankful no one was hurt .
He said not notifying the police in advance was an oversight on his part , but he did n't think of it because they were filming on private property .
When the Nassau police arrived at the scene , they came in with their guns drawn .
They did n't see Carpenter or his cameraman because they were in the back using a small digital camera .
Carpenter said one actor lifted his hands in the air , shouting " I 'm an actor !
I 'm an actor ! "
It 's a line that Carpenter joked will now be repeated whenever a real criminal is caught in the middle of a crime .
Carpenter said he was asked to appear on one of the late night talk shows .
Although doing so would be an independent filmmaker 's dream , he declined because he " did n't want to exploit the police . "
In some of the interviews he has done , Carpenter has taken the opportunity to talk up the Connecticut Film Festival and " Just Like Joe . "
The co-writer of the film is Sciacca .
" Just Like Joe " tells the poignant story of a group of three Long Island high school seniors who idolize Jets ' quarterback Joe Namath .
The year is 1969 , and the prospect of them being drafted into the Vietnam War as soon as they turn 18 is very real .
Their only hope is to get football scholarships and go to college .
The film had its first screening Thursday afternoon at the Connecticut Film Festival .
Laurie Mayper , of Redding , enjoyed the film .
" I thought it was great , " she said .
A screenwriter herself , Mayper added , " It 's inspiring to see someone local get a movie made . "
This week , Microsoft continued its public demonstration that it 's working hard to improve the underlying Internet Explorer platform , with a release on Wednesday of the second preview of just the platform of the next IE9 -- not a fully functional Web browser , but a demonstration of where the rendering engine is going .
Again , it 's just a minimal front end on top of a rendering engine , and its main purpose is to show off the HTML 5 , SVG , and JavaScript functionality pointed to on Microsoft 's IE9 test site .
Advertisement
Once again , there 's no doubting that Microsoft 's next Web browser will take full effect of Windows ' Direct2D rendering system ; and because Direct2D is an open API , it 's making Mozilla and likely others realize they may need to make similar changes in their platforms .
In early Betanews tests , the second IE9 platform preview is only marginally faster overall than the first preview .
But that 's still good , because the first preview was way faster than anything Microsoft has ever released to the public before , and faster than even Mozilla 's best developer previews of Firefox .
However , our tests also revealed the second preview to be much more stable and scalable than the first -- meaning , it 's better at getting faster when workloads increase .
On our Windows 7 Relative Performance Index , the first IE9 preview scored 30.01 in overall speed .
Since that time , our research revealed that the way we were initially scoring scalability tended to be unfair to our index browser ( IE7 on Vista ) whenever IE7 scaled a job better than the Windows 7 browser being tested .
As a result , we 've replaced the scalability formula we introduced last March with a new one borrowed from the world of finance .
Recognizing that browsers tend to get slower as workloads get bigger , any plot of the number of milliseconds elapsed over multiple , increasing workloads will be a curve .
Our new formula pretends that curve is a bank account that accrues interest , so that over time , the milliseconds ( " dollars " ) pile up .
Thus , we determine what the rate of interest must be in order for those milliseconds to pile up the way we do .
However , since we want a smaller pile , we give credit to the lower " interest rate . "
Applying that new formula to both our IE9 platform previews , we learned something very important : Platform stability is something you can actually watch develop .
Using our new formula , Platform Preview 1 scored a 1.08 on our scalability index , meaning that in the end , it was n't actually any better at getting faster or more efficient in the crunch than IE7 .
Platform Preview 2 is a whole different story , scoring 5.41 on the scalability index .
Coupled with a marginally faster overall computational speed score of 30.86 , the new preview scores a 12.71 on the comprehensive score , versus 10.85 as the adjusted score for Preview 1 .
Though we 've yet to compile our final numbers , we expect these new scores to be comparable with Apple 's latest Safari , and still somewhat faster and more scalable than Firefox .
Microsoft 's use of Direct2D to support Scalable Vector Graphics ( something no release edition of IE has ever supported ) is still extraordinarily smooth .
When testing a scaling page side - by - side with another browser , however -- for instance , Firefox 3.6.3 -- we 're seeing occasional hesitations in IE9 that we did n't notice in the first preview .
However , at least in this early testing , we have n't seen any crashes .
Perhaps the most impressive new demo in IE9's arsenal is the so - called Flickr Explorer , a fast and fluent way to peruse multiple items in a photo gallery .
Here , your mouse acts as a cruiser , moving the photos around it rather than moving the pointer over the top of them .
Photos in an 11 x 8 grid zoom in and out while retaining astounding clarity even in - between , suggesting that IE9's rendering speed ( which its own counters calculate at between 45 fps and 60 fps ) is no problem at all .
The new preview 's ability to render ordinary Web pages in an ordinary way continues to be ... ordinary , and not very competitive at all .
While the first preview scored 1.75 on our rendering tests , the new one scores 2.16 , with much of that gain attributable to its better standards test scores reducing its penalty points .
The latest IE9 scores 68 % on the Acid3 Web standards test , up from 55 % , and continues to pass 576 out of 578 in the CSS3 .
info selectors support test .
IE9 continues to make gains in the prominent SunSpider JavaScript test , with a 45.70 score relative to IE7 in Vista , compared to 44.77 for the first preview .
The latest Google Chrome developer builds had been scoring well into the 70s .
All is not perfect , however .
While the new preview scores well on the Canvas drawing element test ( a prominent component of HTML 5 ) , it only works when forced into IE8 document compatibility mode .
Still , the new browser plots the map of Alaska in 417 ms in IE8 mode , compared to 2059 ms for IE8 itself .
Where the new preview posts its worst scores is in the DHTML rendering test -- rendering graphics not using Canvas , but rather an older standard .
Here , the preview posted an astonishing 0.25 , meaning IE9 Preview 2 in Windows 7 is actually one - fourth the speed of IE7 in Vista SP2 on this specific element .
Note :
This page was cut for reason : EarlOfSandvich : Main redirect with no inbounds , one " invisible wick "
Creating red links in 171 articles .
Abandoning 0 inbound links .
You may want to ask in Ask The Tropers about whether it 's safe to recreate .
So that 's it .
Lost , arguably the most important genre show of the past decade , ended with a fizzle .
People will tell you it was fine until the last 15 minutes , but they 're wrong .
Spoilers below ...
Advertisement
Oh , and hey , West Coast peeps and people who got up early to watch this in England .
I mean it .
Do n't read this until you 've watched the episode .
Really .
Sure , the last 15 minutes of " The End " were pretty wretched , and that 's when I gave up all hope that this was going to turn into something awesome .
But rewind an hour and a half , to the moment when I suddenly realized I did n't give two craps whether Desmond pulled a rock out of a hole .
Or whether Jack put a rock back into that same hole .
I just .
Didn't .
Care .
Advertisement
Lost , the show , was absolutely genius at making you care about stuff .
That was one of the half dozen things that Lost was brilliant at getting us to invest in , along with intriguingly murky characters and starkly surreal storytelling .
Probably the greatest weapon in Lost 's arsenal was always its ability to make you care , desperately , feverishly about what happened to these people .
And in the end , I just did n't care if that rock went in that hole or not .
By extension , I had stopped caring whether the island sank .
I had stopped caring about the fate of the Man In Black , long before he got kicked out of the episode prematurely .
I did n't care about any of it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I 'm carefully using the first person singular here , because maybe you did care about this stuff .
I had cared about it , in some abstract sense , before , but this time around , I just stopped about an hour in .
Maybe because it all became more and more abstract , until it just felt like I was watching people play a sport whose rules I was n't familiar with .
Yes , Lost 's finale was a game of Baseketball .
I 'm saying this as someone who actually kind of liked " Across The Sea , " because it made Jacob seem relatable , and who actually had been keeping an open mind about this .
I had been aware that some last - minute spoilers about the finale were coming out over the weekend , but I had n't looked at them because of that desire to keep an open mind .
That open mind turned , by degrees , into a sinking feeling .
Advertisement
Like I said , not even talking about the last 15 minutes of the episode yet .
That 's a different - pardon me - circle of hell .
All through its run , Lost has had moments of kludgey storytelling , where it felt like people were doing stuff merely because the plot required it .
And there have been times when the characters seemed to turn into rats in a maze of the writers ' design .
And there have been moments where supposedly huge consequences were swept under a rug because a storyline was over and we were supposed to move on .
Advertisement
And then there have been moments when Lost felt like it was touching something grand and meaningful .
When the show 's sweeping collection of characters and locales seemed like a fascinating web , and the show 's mysteries felt really sinister and terrible ( in a good way . )
There have also been moments when the characters felt both larger than life and like people we might have been friends with .
Advertisement
In retrospect , you can see how the show , over its final year , swung from the latter type of storytelling to the former type .
But I felt this sapping of the show 's sense of purpose far more keenly tonight .
Someone took a rock out of a hole .
Someone put a rock in a hole .
Instead of talking about all the stuff that left me unmoved , here are the things that actually did move me :
I really loved Jack telling Smokey that John Locke had been right about almost everything , and Smokey was disrespecting him by wearing his face .
First of all , it needed to be said .
And second of all , there was a spark in the midst of all the lifelessness , and it felt for a second like we were going to get the epic showdown we deserved , now that Jack had come over to Locke 's point of view and Locke was a fraud who espoused Jack 's former philosophy .
It was a great moment .
Advertisement
I loved the redemption of Benjamin Linus - even though he did nothing to earn it , and we waited all season in vain for Ben to Do Something .
I also loved Ben telling Hugo that he did n't have to run things in the fucked - up way that Jacob had .
And yay for the hint that Ben turned out to be a great Number Two .
( No pun intended . )
And yeah , Hugo getting to be the new Jacob was also great , and much deserved - he was a much better candidate than Guilt Guy .
Advertisement
And I really , actually got choked up when Juliet and Sawyer finally recognized each other and she asked him out for coffee and they embraced and cried and kissed - of all the dozens of reunions and awakenings we witnessed in this episode , the Juliet / Sawyer one was the only one that made me get teary .
A lot of the other teary montages just felt like the producers were saying , " Hey remember when this happened ?
Back when the show was awesome ?
Remember that ?
Huh ?
Huh ? "
Oh , and when Jack goes flying through the air to kick Flocke in the face , it was a nicely composed shot and a decent air - punching moment .
Advertisement
Apart from that , the island storyline felt really blah .
Almost everybody was relegated to the status of " extra , " and I did n't really care if Lapidus and his gang flew off the island or not .
I mean , yay , I guess .
But since that plane was crammed with characters I 'd long since stopped caring about , it was a bit anti-climactic .
Advertisement
Sigh .
And then let 's talk about the " flash - sideways " universe .
So ... almost everybody gets awakened to their memories of the " real " world by encountering their true love .
Which means that Jack really was Kate 's true love after all ?
But Kate was n't Jack's .
And Shannon was Sayid 's true love ?
I mean , really ?
Shannon ?
Not Nadia ?
I mean , okay , whatever .
The two main exceptions , in this episode at least , were Jack and Locke .
Jack gets awakened by his dad 's coffin , and it seems as though his " true love " was the whole community of castaways , whose well - being he 'd cared for so ineptly throughout the show 's run .
( Everybody else gets montages of just their love relationships , but Jack gets a montage of the whole gang , sort of . )
And Locke , meanwhile , can't be reawakened to the " real " world until he has the mythical surgery and regains the ability to walk .
Because walking , not Helen or anyone else , was Locke 's true love .
Or something .
Wha huh ?
Or maybe it 's supposed to be that the island was Locke 's true love , and somehow regaining the ability to walk makes him think of the island .
Advertisement
And now we come to the revelation of the episode 's final minutes , which I 've been putting off talking about .
The flash - sideways universe was n't an alternate universe at all , it was ... purgatory ?
Limbo ?
Some kind of afterlife way - station .
And for some reason , the Losties had to come together in a church before they could move on to the real afterlife .
I can see this spawning a million parodies based around the opening monologue of Prince 's " Let 's Go Crazy . "
Advertisement
So why was it 2004 in purgatory ?
Why was the island underwater ?
Why was Sawyer suddenly a cop ?
With Miles as his partner ?
( Even though Miles does n't get to be there in the end . )
And why were the details of Locke 's accident changed so it was Locke 's fault ?
Not to mention , why did Jack and Juliet have that creepy Stepford kid ?
( Because we were supposed to think this was an alternate universe that resulted from Jack 's hydrogen bomb , and it was a fake - out . )
Advertisement
Those are questions we really should n't ask , I guess , because they do n't matter .
All that matters is that in the end , this particular community of people form something meaningful , even something holy , and they can't go to Heaven unless they all leave together .
Yes , it 's another set of Rules .
And the final moments , after Jack 's dad gave his heavy - handed explanation , and everybody was gathered inside the church from Madonna 's " Like A Prayer " video , and there were handshakes and reunions and a door full of light ...
I started swearing at my television set .
I think I 'm still in shock at how lame and idiotic the final five minutes or so felt .
Advertisement
In the end , it 's hard not to see Lost as the longest con of them all .
Not because we did n't get enough answers - it 's really true that after this episode , I do n't need any more answers than what we got .
But because all along , Lost seemed to be a story .
Until the end , when it was n't .
In the end , it was just a bunch of stuff that happened .
Advertisement
It 's way too early to tell , but I have a feeling that this will go down in history with the " Patrick Duffy stepping out of the shower " thing on Dallas .
It just felt like a cheap , cop - out ending .
In a sense , nothing that happened in the " flash - sideways " universe mattered because they were all already dead , and they were going to " move on " eventually one way or another .
And nothing on the island mattered , because ... well , it just did n't seem to matter very much .
We 'll have to wait a bit to see how the zeitgeist as a whole decides to think of this episode – maybe it'll wind up getting a free pass , because the show as a whole was so good .
Maybe it'll wind up getting damned .
But let 's hope that people do remember how great Lost was at its best , since Lost was such an influential , successful show , and I hope somebody else eventually tries to duplicate all of its achievements .
Advertisement
As for me , I think I 'm going to wind up thinking of Lost as an anthology show , another Twilight Zone or Outer Limits .
It served up some wonderfully weird , allusive stories .
It gave us some brilliant mind - benders .
There were individual episodes and story arcs that stand out as among the best hours of television ever created .
You just can't think of Lost as one unified story any more , because then you realize it all leads up to this utter flatness .
This zone of apathy and new - age " walk into the light " catharsis .
But maybe you loved this ending and I 'm on crack .
What did you think ?
Dueling Protests : Face - Off Over Arizona Immigration Law Opponents march on state capitol , but backers of controversial law also gather .
PHOENIX , May 29 , 2010  --
In their most massive numbers yet , a deluge of adversaries rallied and railed against what could soon be the law of the land in Arizona .
" This is the next civil rights movement , is what we believe , " protester Vivian Nelson - Melle told ABC News .
Arriving by the busload , tens of thousands of people from around the country marched to the Arizona state capitol Saturday to protest the state 's tough new crackdown on illegal immigration .
The new law mandates that police question suspected law breakers about their immigration status if there 's a reasonable suspicion they 're in the country illegally .
" This law reflects very poorly on Arizona .
It makes us appear as if we 're a bunch of racists here and we 're not , " protester Russ Becker said .
On Friday , the Justice Department hinted that the Obama administration is willing to sue to block the law from taking effect two months from now .
Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard does n't like that one bit .
" I told them we need solutions from Washington , not more lawsuits , " Goddard said .
Boycotts Called 'a Violent Attack on Business Owners '
But there is support for the law now echoing across the country , with a handful of other states pondering their own immigration crackdowns .
Opponents of the new law were n't the only ones who rallied Saturday .
Supporters of the law , including members of the Tea Party movement , gathered Saturday night at a Tempe baseball stadium .
They were there to push a " boycott " of their own , to support businesses in Arizona .
" It 's about spending your money in Arizona and being opposed to these boycotts , which are nothing more than a violent attack on business owners anyway , " said Tony Katz , a Tea Party organizer .
Racial Profiling ?
Law's Foes Say They 're Intimidated , Not Businesses
If anyone 's being intimidated , opponents of the law say , it 's them , because of the color of their skin .
In fact , there were a few counter demonstrators who showed up at Saturday 's march on the state capitol , donning weapons and Confederate flags .
Arizona 's new law is set to take effect at the end of July , barring a successful legal challenge .
MadSci Network : Anatomy Query :
Our peripheral vision works essentially the same as our central vision .
The major difference is the quality of what we see or the ' acuity ' .
In our retina there are two classes of light receptors - the cells that detect and transmit the light that we see .
Both cell types can be found in the centre of our retina ( the fovea ) and the periphery of the retina but there are differences in the distribution of these .
Clustered around the fovea are ' cones ' - these are the cell types that pick up different wavelengths of the light spectrum .
Thus they are often referred to as ' colour - receptors ' .
They are very densely packed here , thus able to detect very fine details .
They are much less densely packed in the periphery .
The other cell type are known as ' rods ' .
On a normal sunny day these do n't do much work , they are used for detecting very dim light and are the ones that kick in when night falls .
One fun way of using your ' rods ' is when you are looking up at stars in the sky .
You might have noticed that you can see very faint stars much better if you do n't look directly at them .... in this case you are letting the dim starlight fall on the periphery of your retina rather than the fovea .
This is where the rods are more densely packed .
Thus the ' rods ' are being stimulated instead of the cones ( which are n't working too well as its nighttime ) - so you see the star !
Signals from your entire retina are passed onto the rest of the pathways in your visual system , but as the most important part of what you see is what you are focussing on , then the majority of the processing is taken up by what falls onto your fovea and thus the cones .
So larger parts of your brain are taken up by processing whats in the centre of your vision rather than the periphery .
It might not seem like this , but try focussing on a point in front of you - ie the computer screen ....
Focus on the word ' screen ' you have just read - you wo n't actually be able to discriminate what the words say even 3 or 4 lines above or below that ( i.e. your periphery ) .
So this gives you an idea of how important the brain thinks our peripheral vision is - but theres no need to worry - thats why we can move our eyes and our heads !
MadSci Network , webadmin@www.madsci.org
© 1995 -2001 .
All rights reserved .
From The Rachel Maddow Blog -- ' This is Alabama .
We speak English ' :
In his new ad " Language , " Republican gubernatorial candidate Tim James tell us , " This is Alabama .
We speak English . "
... James goes on to tell us that his administration would stop giving the drivers ' license test in 12 languages : " Maybe it 's the businessman in me , but we 'll save money . "
... On his website , James includes a category called " Common Sense for Crime and Public Safety . "
It starts with crystal meth and spouse abuse and ends with the prisons ' revolving doors , and in between : " Enforce Alabama 's Constitutional Amendment declaring English as the state 's official language . "
Read on ...
“ If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ”
May 5 , 2010
Posted by Summerspeaker in The Singularity
The theme of deity - making resonates across transhumanism , particularly within the Friendly - AI branch of the movement .
The totalitarian aspect of this vision has started to alarm me .
It seems as if transhumanists , in their affection for the Enlightenment , have resurrected the ideal of benevolent despotism .
The associated cultural baggage has decidedly elitist and absolutist implications .
For example , AI - enthusiast Cameron waxes eloquent about the total awesomeness of super - intelligent authority : “ Absolute power in the hands of the greatest minds will make for a world beyond imagination . ”
Hominid , another commenter , espouses a straightforward social - Darwinist explanation of history which I suspect lies behind a significant proportion of transhumanist thought .
“ The smart ones built a civilization , manifesting this hereditary inequality in material terms , ” ey writes .
“ Now they own almost everything and the dumb and ugly own almost nothing . ”
For my part , I echo Ben Goertzel : “ I do n’t just want us to build gods , I want us to become gods . ”
Now , I could hardly complain about hypothetical AI singleton that freely distributed value to all and used the absolute minimum of coercion to prevent violence .
Whatever niggling philosophical qualms I had would be annihilated by the pure win of the situation .
The problem , as Nick Bostrom notes , it getting the singleton right .
This has both a technical and political element .
If the folks enacting the apotheosis either have a broader notion of the artificial god ’s sphere of control or simply miscalculate , then we might well have an eternal , unstoppable tyrant on our hands .
If , for instance , the singleton ends up enforcing peace via terror and wanton destruction , as in The Day the Earth Stood Still , I will not be pleased .
Stepping aside from future concerns , social - Darwinist narratives , reverence for authority , and Hobbesian fear of the masses all have immediate relevance to the present day .
These notions connect with continuous oppression by the state in the name of security .
Our legalistic , authoritarian culture leads to people treating official violence as an amusement .
At the very least , the proponents of na enlightened AI dictator need remember the distinction between that dream and the selfish , brutal bosses we have now .
View Transcript
Transcript
Wally says , " I asked for a transfer to our missile guidance engineering division . "
Wally says , " Once they get to know me , they 'll only give me unimportant tasks so I wo n't accidentally destroy a fishing village . "
Wally says , " The great thing about unimportant tasks is that no one really cares if you do them . "
It was not until 1890 that Samuel Warren and Louis D. Brandeis wrote “ The Right to Privacy , ” their groundbreaking Harvard Law Review article .
Influential though it was , it came awfully late in the life of the republic .
The word privacy does not appear in the Constitution , and , outside the context of government searches , the document has almost nothing to say about the concept .
This was perhaps best demonstrated by how hard the Supreme Court had to work in Griswold v. Connecticut , the 1965 ruling that established a right to marital privacy .
That right , Justice William O. Douglas wrote , was suggested by the First , Third , Fourth , Fifth and Ninth Amendments .
The “ specific guarantees in the Bill of Rights have penumbras , formed by emanations from those guarantees , ” he wrote , in a much - mocked passage .
European courts , by contrast , have Article 8 .
In 2004 , the European Court of Human Rights relied on it to rule that Princess Caroline of Monaco could block German magazines from publishing pictures of her — quite tame pictures — that had been taken in public .
“ I believe that the courts have to some extent and under American influence made a fetish of the freedom of the press , ” Judge Bostjan M. Zupancic of Slovenia wrote in a concurrence .
“ It is time that the pendulum swung back to a different kind of balance between what is private and secluded and what is public and unshielded . ”
The differing conceptions can have profound consequences .
“ Europeans are likely to privilege privacy protection over both economic efficiency and speech , ” Susan P. Crawford , who teaches Internet law at the University of Michigan , wrote in an e-mail message .
“ They ’re willing to risk huge economic losses and erect trade barriers in order to protect privacy . ”
The Italian prosecution would be unimaginable in America .
The Communications Decency
Act of 1996 leaves online companies free of liability for transmitting most kinds of unlawful material supplied by others .
Prosecutions for truthful speech on matters of public interest are almost certainly barred by the First Amendment .
Still , said Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , there may be something to learn from the Italian episode .
“ This video was enormously controversial , widely seen and very upsetting , ” he said .
“ Sometimes , ” he added , “ there are egregious acts and there should be some responsibility . ”
Unique Games : A Three Act Play
The unique games conjecture and recent results
Subhash Khot is one of the great young complexity theorists in the world .
He is perhaps best known for his wonderful conjecture — the Unique Games Conjecture .
But also he has worked in other areas , and solved many other important problems .
He just won the Waterman Award this year , formally the 2010 Alan T. Waterman Award .
It is named after the first Director of NSF , and was created in 1975 .
Subhash joins an array of famous mathematicians including :
Charles Fefferman , 1976
William Thurston , 1979
Harvey Friedman , 1984
Herbert Edelsbrunner 1991
Gang Tian , 1994
Emmanuel Candes , 2006
Terence Tao , 2008
Wonderful .
Today I want to talk about the Khot ’s Unique Game Conjecture and some recent results on his conjecture .
John Cherniavsky , Senior Advisor for Research at NSF and an longtime friend of mine , just told me yesterday that Subhash recently gave a wonderful talk at NSF .
John added ,
“ It might be appropriate to Blog about his Unique Games Conjecture work — which seems very relevant to your Blog . ”
I agree .
So here is my view of UGC in three acts .
Act I : The Unique Games Conjecture
Khot ’s conjecture is remarkable on many levels : it is is simple to state and yet it has created a wealth of important ideas and results .
Perhaps , stating a great conjecture — whether true or false — is one of best ways to advance any field .
Steve Cook and Dick Karp have the P=NP ?
question , Juris Hartmanis the Isomorphism Conjecture , and so on .
Now we have the Unique Games Conjecture of Khot .
Most of you probably know the Unique Games Conjecture , but I will give an informal definition of it anyway .
I think of it as a generalization — a very clever one — of the simple problem of 2 - coloring a graph .
Suppose is an undirected connected graph .
There is a linear time algorithm for testing whether the graph is 2 - colorable — you probably saw it in Computing 101 :
Pick any starting vertex .
Color red .
Select any vertex that is yet uncolored and is adjacent to a vertex that is colored .
If is adjacent to a red vertex , then color it green ; if it is adjacent to a green vertex , then color it red .
Continue until all the vertices are colored .
The graph is 2 - colorable if and only if there are no conflicts when all vertices are colored .
Khot ’s idea was to change the notion of 2 - colorable in several simple ways .
First , he allows a fixed but arbitrary set of colors — finite of course .
This sounds like it might become the general coloring problem , but his brilliance is to pull back and make it closer to 2 - coloring .
He notes the essence of 2 - coloring is the rule :
If a vertex is red , then any neighbor is green .
Khot allows each edge to have its own rule : the key is the rule must be deterministic .
If and are adjacent , then the color of one must uniquely determine the color of the other .
Generally a graph with rules restricting allowed values for the vertices on each edge is called a constraint graph — but the uniqueness makes these graphs special .
It is still easy to tell whether or not such a graph can be colored so all edges rules are followed : it takes only linear time .
Just take the 2 - coloring algorithm and modify it slightly :
Pick any starting vertex and a color .
Color with the color .
Select any vertex that is yet uncolored and is adjacent to a vertex that is colored .
Use the edge rule to color .
Note , there is no choice here once is selected .
Continue until all the vertices are colored .
If all the edge rules are satisfied the graph is satisfiable .
If not go back to step ( 1 ) and try another color .
If all the colors have been tried , then the graph is not satisfiable .
Still linear time , still Computing 101 .
So far we have an easy problem — what is all the excitement ?
Why is this so important that Subhash was awarded the Waterman prize ?
Khot adds one final ingredient : approximation .
Suppose is again a unique - constraint graph , but now I promise that one of two situations is true :
There exists an assignment of colors to the vertices of so at least of the edges are satisfied ;
an assignment of colors to the vertices of so at least of the edges are satisfied ;
There is no assignment of colors to the vertices of so more than edges are satisfied .
Telling which case is true is what consists of the Unique Games Conjecture ( UGC ) .
Khot conjectured it is NP - hard to tell which is true , for large enough sets of colors and all constraint graphs .
Specifically , his conjecture states that for all there is an such that if some polynomial time algorithm distinguishes the above two situations for all unique - constraint graphs with colors , then P = NP .
The point is that allowing some edges to fail destroys the above linear time algorithm .
Act II : Applications of UGC
The beauty of the problem is it is simple , yet a very powerful problem .
The ability to let each edge have its own rule allows many problems to be encoded into a UG problem .
Since Khot made his conjecture in 2002 there have been many many papers proving theorems of the form :
Theorem : Obtaining a Y - approximation to problem X is as hard as solving the UG problem .
One of the best examples is the famous algorithm of Michel Goemans and David Williamson for maximum cut of a graph .
If Khot ’s UGC is true , then their algorithm would be essentially the best one can hope for .
Pretty neat result .
Act III : Is The UGC True ?
As you probably know I am unsure of P=NP , so I have similar thoughts about the UGC — perhaps stronger doubts since it is unknown whether or not solving UG is NP - hard .
I do believe whether it is eventually shown to be false or not changes little about the brilliance of the conjecture .
Mathematics is moved forward by great conjectures , and Khot has certainly done this for computational complexity .
It takes insight , creativity of the highest order , and a bit of “ guts ” to make such a conjecture .
However , in recent years and now recent months there have been a series of results showing that UG problems may not be so difficult .
The ideas in these beautiful papers would not have existed without the UGC , and the techniques used may be used to solve other problems — no matter what eventually happens to the UGC .
I am neither the expert nor do I have the time right now to give an exhaustive list of all the results that have been chipping away at the UGC .
I would like to mention one direction in detail and just state the other more recent ones .
The first direction was a series of results by many to show that solving UG problems on expander graphs is easy .
This is work of many , including : Sanjeev Arora , Subhash Khot , Alexandra Kolla , David Steurer , Madhur Tulsiani , and Nisheeth Vishnoi .
I apologize for not listing all , but I do plan to discuss this in more depth in the future .
A sample result is due to Konstantin Makarychev and Yury Makarychev :
Theorem :
There exists a polynomial time approximation algorithm that given a satisfiable instance of Unique Games on a - expander graph G with , finds a solution of cost where and are some positive absolute constants .
Note , is the normalized edge expansion constant and is the smallest positive eigenvalue of the normalized Laplacian of the graph .
Alexandra Kolla has similar results , but as I said earlier I cannot state and compare all the known results .
There is even more recent work due to Arora , Boaz Barak , Steurer ( ABS ) that could be the start of the end of the UGC .
They show , roughly , that any UG problem can be solved in time
for .
This does not rule out the UGC being NP - hard , but it certainly shows if the UGC is true there would be great consequences .
ABS shows that if the UGC is true then either some famous NP - hard problems have subexponential time algorithms , or any reduction showing NP - hardness of the UGC must take time with a polynomial whose exponent depends on the parameter , which seems to defeat local - gadget reductions used for other approximation problems .
Absolutely ABS shows that there are smarter ways of solving UG problems than simple backtracking — the result shows that a general divide - and - conquer paradigm can be employed .
Their result contains a new insight into the structure of any graph , one that could have far - ranging consequences beyond the important application to the UGC .
A Comment on UG on Expanders
I believe the bounds for playing UG on expanders are a bit misleading .
They are right , they are deep , and they are important results .
But , unless I am confused — always a possibility — we need to be careful in reading too much practicality into these results .
This is my concern .
Let be a - regular graph .
Then , there is a trivial method to always find a solution to a UG problem with fraction of the edges satisfied .
By Brook ’s Theorem such a graph has a edge coloring : pick the most common color and these edges can be satisfied .
Thus , if we are trying to separate a from fraction of the edges , the promise problem is meaningful only for .
Thus , if we are trying to separate from fraction of the edges , .
The Makarychev and Makarychev ’s theorem has a large constant , and
forces the degree to be very large .
Unless I am wrong , if the graph is a spectral expander , then must be order and in any case it must be order .
These bounds are not extremely large by theory standards , but they do leave open the question of what happens on expander graphs of modest degree .
Perhaps a small point , but one I find interesting .
Open Problems
What happens when we try to solve the UG problem on degree - 3 graphs ?
What values of versus are distinguishable ?
What happens on other graphs of low degree ?
The last word may be due to Oded Goldreich :
I ’m happy to see yet another application of the paradigm of decomposing any graph into parts that are rapidly mixing , while omitting relatively few edges .
Let me seize this opportunity and mention the application of this paradigm in the bipartite tester for bounded - degree graphs .
He was referring to a paper by Jonathan Kelner and Aleksander Madry on generating random spanning trees , but this could apply to the Arora - Barak - Steurer breakthrough .
Perhaps graph property testing techniques can shed light on the UGC .
The Department of Justice has released a summary of the fruits of the government 's ongoing campaign against bootleg network hardware .
The bottom line : 700 grabs of phony Cisco Systems devices worth over $ 143 million , and 30 felony convictions of its shippers and sellers .
The announcement comes with the requisite stern warning from the feds .
" These cases involve greedy businessmen hocking counterfeit and substandard hardware to any buyer — whether it could affect the health and safety of others in a hospital setting or the security of our troops on the battlefield , " declared John Morton , Assistant Secretary for Homeland Security .
" They pose a triple threat to our nation by stealing from our economy , threatening U.S. jobs and potentially putting the safety of our citizens at risk . "
Blame it on Tony
But boilerplate crime - does n't - pay language aside , fake label network hardware sold to the United States also poses a security threat .
" Counterfeit components can provide the ' back door ' that external parties need to access a user 's personal information or monitor their communication , " warns Cisco 's 2008 Annual Security Report .
" They are also extremely difficult to detect and can be costly to address .
While software can be patched , counterfeit components must be removed one machine at a time . "
That 's why the Thursday sentencing of Ehab Ashoor for trafficking in counterfeit Cisco products bears scrutiny .
A Saudi citizen living in Sugar Land , Texas , a federal jury convicted him of buying bogus Cisco Gigabit Interface Converters over the web from a vendor in China .
Evidence at the trial suggested that the plan was to sell the gear to the Marine Corps , which hoped to use the equipment for coordinating troop movements , storing intelligence , and running security operations for a military base near Fallujah , Iraq .
The court sentenced Ashoor to 51 months in prison .
On top of that , he must pay $ 119,400 in restitution to Cisco .
And last year Robert and Michael Edman of Richmond , Texas pled guilty to selling fake Cisco gear to the Federal Bureau of Prisons .
The customers for their " Syren Technology " company included the Marine Corps , Air Force , FBI , Federal Aviation Administration , and the Department of Energy .
When confronted by the FBI , Robert Edman told agents that he regularly bought Cisco equipment " from an individual in China who goes by the name ' Tony ' . "
No vetting
But these cases may be only the tip of the router when it comes to faux Cisco network equipment winding up in unbeknownst use by military and civilian federal agencies .
Several years ago various blog sites leaked a Federal Bureau of Investigation PowerPoint presentation revealing how concerned the agency had become about the situation .
The presentation reported fraudsters selling routers , switches , interface converters , and WAN interface cards to the federal government at bargain basement prices .
Example : $ 1,375.00 for a legit router , $ 234.00 for a counterfeit .
Buyers of this tainted equipment included the US Naval Academy , the Naval Air Warfare Center , the Naval Undersea Warfare Academy , an air base in Germany , the General Services Administration , the Air Force , the Federal Aviation Administration , top defense contractor Raytheon , and the FBI itself .
And the problem , from the presentation 's perspective , was much bigger than small crews of baddies siphoning phony machines in from China .
The government subcontracting process , it disclosed , had become so cutthroat , byzantine , and laced with third - party involvement , that it could easily be penetrated by bootleggers and cheats .
You get the idea from this slide :
Highly specialized
The report faulted Cisco for not offering direct sales ( with the exception of " high specialized equipment sales " ) .
It also criticized various high - profile buyers for sloppy procurement practices .
In the case of a purchase by Lockheed Martin of over $ 250,000 in counterfeit Cisco equipment , the defense contractor did not go through a GSA IT vendor or an authorized Cisco reseller .
Eventually the company discovered duplicate serial numbers on Cisco switches .
The presentation mapped out the typical purchasing hierarchy as so : " Government or Govt . Contractor -> GSA IT Vendor -> 1st Subcontractor -> 2nd Sub-Contractor -> 3rd Sub-Contractor --> Counterfeit Equipment Distributor . "
All these latest seizures and busts come under the rubric of " Operation Network Raider , " a campaign run by the FBI 's Cyber Division , the Department of Justice , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and Customs and Border Protection .
Nine individuals face trials and another eight were convicted and await sentencing as a result of this campaign .
The Justice Department 's announcement also says that collars of bogus Cisco equipment dropped by 75 percent between 2008 and 2009 .
But it also acknowledges that over 50 counterfeit shipments seized were labeled as military - or aerospace - grade devices .
Club looking forward to Stateside pre-season test ...
Manchester City have announced they will travel to the United States for their pre-season tour ahead of the 2010 / 11 season .
The Eastlands outfit visited South Africa at the beginning of this season , but will now follow in the footsteps of rivals Chelsea and Manchester United in heading across the Atlantic for warm - up games in July .
"
The summer tour of America is going to be tremendously exciting for Manchester City , " club chief executive Garry Cook said on the club 's website .
" It is going to be another groundbreaking trip for us , following on from last summer 's visit to South Africa .
" I am well aware of the support there is for us in America .
It 's important for us to take City into new territories , and help spread the word to new and existing Blues fans around the world . "
The club have yet to announce any opponents or venues for the tour .
Become a fan of Goal.com UK's Facebook fan page for all the latest news and insight into everything related to the beautiful game !
Naysayers will tell you the gender wage gap is entirely a result of women choosing different professions , or that it 's ceased to exist at all .
Finally , there 's a concise explainer to debunk these claims and give us some real numbers .
Advertisement
The occasion for Laura Fitzpatrick 's eminently useful piece in Time : women would have to work , on average , from Jan. 1 2009 all the way to Apr. 20 , 2010 to make what men made in 2009 alone .
Some other instructive stats :
— Women made 77 % of what men made in 2008 , but African - American women made just 68 % and Latinas 58 % .
Advertisement
— Controlling for education and experience , that number rises to 81 % .
— Controlling for field and unionization , it rises to 91 % — because there are more women in lower - paying industries .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
— But , a pay gap exists even in female - dominated fields .
Female secretaries make 83.4 % as much as male ones .
— And in some male - dominated fields .
Female truck drivers take home 76.5 % as much as male drivers .
Advertisement
The Harvard Business Review 's Sarah Green offers a handy graphical representation of these numbers .
Though she puts the wage gap after controlling for all other factors at 95 % , there 's still a pesky 5 % that can't really be explained away .
She also notes that this percentage appears to grow over time — to 12 % after woman has been working 10 years .
The American Association of University Women says this " suggests that discrimination may worsen over time or that the effects of gender discrimination are cumulative . "
Fitzpatrick points out that women are more likely to take time off or work part - time to raise a family , an effect Anneli Knight of the Sydney Morning Herald calls " the hour - glass ceiling . "
Dr. Lyndall Strazdins of the Australian National University explains ,
The way time is shared within families is completely different depending on whether you are a mother or a father .
Virtually all senior jobs are full time and most of those have long hours .
If you think what a mother has behind her , she 's got a partner who is not going to bend his working time , on average , so she enters those jobs with a different back story to what a man might .
Advertisement
Of course , there 's always the guy who says this is women 's fault .
The Times Schott 's Vocab blog excerpted Knight 's story , and here 's what one commenter said :
You can't have everything .
Male or Female ,
If you chose to spend your resources on family then you will NECESSARILY have less resources for pursuing other things .
Even though you may not realize it , you picked it .
Advertisement
Of course , this point is n't new , and people who make it are usually operating under the erroneous assumption that women are demanding the exact same division of work and childcare they have now , except with more money .
But all women and their advocates are really asking for is what men have long enjoyed : the freedom to have both a family and a fair wage .
The way the economy is currently structured may actually grant this to men at the expense of women — giving the holders of full - time jobs little or no flexibility because it 's assumed their wives will take care of things at home .
Even if this were fair , which it obviously is n't , it does n't work in an economy where two - earner families are often a necessity .
And the widespread expectation that women will shoulder most of the childcare even if they do work full - time is not something women have " picked . "
Claiming that women 's unconscious choices are responsible for all gender inequalities is a pretty ingenious gambit , because it 's hard to argue against .
If these decisions are truly unconscious , and we do n't even know we 're making them , we 'd better leave it up to dudes on the Internet to explain our lives to us .
Problem solved !
Except that by buying into such logic , men end a discussion about work - life balance that could benefit them too , and managers continue underusing and discriminating against half their workforce .
The pay gap actually costs everyone — it 's too bad not everyone sees it .
Advertisement
Why Do Women Still Earn Less Than Men ? [ Time ]
Hour - Glass Ceiling [ NYT Schott's Vocab Blog ]
Time For Women To Tackle The ' Hour - Glass ' Ceiling [ Sydney Morning Herald ]
Investigating the Pay Gap [ Harvard Business Review ]
With a dizzying array of announcements this week , it seems almost inevitable that the web will become , at least for the near future , an extension of Facebook .
Like it or not .
In some ways it 's a great development , making it simpler to connect what you read , watch and listen to .
But there 's a nagging suspicion that when Facebook says it 's simply reacting to changing norms about how public we want our lives to be , that it 's actually forging that condition , not reacting to it .
And when I say forging , I intend both meanings of the word .
The question is whether you are actually using Facebook to keep in touch with your friends and family – or whether Facebook is just using you .
With a few deft maneuvers , Facebook is aiming to make itself the center of the internet , the central repository and publisher of what users like and do online .
Facebook 's new tendrils will likely give what is already the world 's largest social network enough data to compete with Google for billions from advertisers who are hungry to spend their ad dollars on ads they can target specifically .
Facebook 's main lever to get all this data funneled to them is a simple " I Like " button , which websites can embed on their pages with very little effort .
When a user clicks on that button , they signal to Facebook to add their vote on their user stream that they are a fan of this NFL player , this romantic comedy or that blog .
Websites that embed some smart metadata ( geared mostly for Facebook ) into their pages let Facebook know what kind of thing a user likes , so Facebook can automatically add it to the relevant section of that person 's profile – with a link back to the original site .
Sites can also choose to install a sharing toolbar that sits at the bottom of your browser while you are on your site , or an even larger widget that shows what you and your friends are currently doing on Facebook – and with the " Like " button – around the net .
The setup makes it simple for users logged into Facebook to update their profiles and broadcast their activities to the world ( liking something , including a political or religious group , like many parts of all Facebook profiles these days , is public information , no matter how you configure privacy settings . )
Logged - in Facebook users will also be transmitting information about their travels around the net to Facebook servers whenever they visit a page deploying the Like button , regardless of whether they actually click that button or not .
Facebook also plans to transmit user data to some web services ahead of their visit – so that when you visit the site , it 's " instantly personalized . "
In practice , this means that if you are new to the music site Pandora , they 'll have a custom station waiting for you based on the music you 've liked in your profile .
While such tracking happens with third - party ad networks , they do n't know your name or anything about you other than where you go on the net .
Facebook has far more to connect your browsing information to .
Perhaps the closest analog is Google 's creepy Web History which tracks you around the web and records every URL you visit , but that system only works for people who install the Google Toolbar and who do n't unclick the " Web History " button when they create a Google account .
That system , along with your search history , are also separate from Google 's ad tracking system , which does n't know your name or who your friends are .
Certainly , this sets Facebook in some competition with Google , especially with AdSense , which is Google 's ad platform that publishers use to put ads on their sites .
But reports that Facebook has " won " the web are laughable , especially given the numbers Google put up this month , with more than $ 6 billion in revenue over the first 3 months of the year .
Moreover , the bulk of Google 's ad revenue comes from " contextual " ads , which rely on the contents of a web page or search query .
It 's far from clear that targeted ads – even ones based on deep profiles – would do better than the ads on Google 's search page , even if Facebook eventually thinks it can build a search engine whose rankings are set via the data it collects from users .
Facebook built much of this easy - to - use system on " open " standards , as WebMonkey 's Michael Calore reports , even as it sucks the data into a closed community .
But those standards are used almost exclusively by Facebook , and ignore the work that 's been done by others to create universally understandable meta -data .
Moreover , the Like button feeds exclusively to Facebook .
If your primary identity on the net is at LinkedIn or Google or MySpace or god forbid , on your own domain , this button does you no good .
Facebook did n't build this architecture to make the net better , it built it to make Facebook money .
You can opt out of some of this through Facebook 's increasingly arcane privacy settings , though most wo n't do anything to stop Facebook 's relentless push to make people 's profiles public .
And at least until someone comes up with a universal " like " button that feeds your votes to the place you want it to go , the web will increasingly become an extension of Facebook .
The question for many in the days to come is whether you are actually using Facebook to keep in touch with your friends and family , or whether Facebook is just using you .
See Also :
The Art and Science of L E D
Singapore Manufacturer : Ai LED
Lighting for direct Singapore factory online order Ai Standard Design LED Lighting is always around 1.4 to 1.8 times brighter than market standard so that you save more in buying less
LED High Bay Flood Light DownLight , LED T8 T5 PL Tube / Track / Bulb / Spot Light
LED Pool Light Street Light , Motion Sensor & Remote Control Home Automation
" I received this on my mobile phone bill , " notes Sandor Arendse , " now I finally know what to do in an emergency ... oh wait ! "
" They say that extended warranties are rarely a good value , " Nickolas Means writes , " I 'd have to agree . "
" Amazon gave me a pretty difficult choice for shipping , " Scott T wrote , " Thursday for free or Thursday for only $ 3.99 ? "
" I saw this while walking past an AT&T store , " Chris Clennon , " at least it 's not a blue screen ! "
" I realize KFC is n't the healthiest food , " Colin Alston writes , " I guess Yahoo ! does n't approve . "
" I was taking a survey online and came across this question , " Tim Dallmann writes , " it sure is an odd ordering of answers . "
" If a coupon expires on a non-existent date , " Ramprasad Prabhakar writes , " did it ever expire at all ? "
" Well that makes me feel better , " Adrian wrote .
" I 'm still trying to figure out what the limits are , " writes Adam Bertrand " and how to transform my name in 1337 . "
" Ah good , they 've already selected my opinion , " Erin writes , " I suppose it 's for the better ; the question is so poorly worded , I would have had a hard time deciding if they had n't helped me . "
Smart Street Lighting
The Aaeon Node is a small device that allows Facilities Managers to easily control lighting from a city - wide single platform .
Operational efficiency can be gained by simply plugging the node into an industry standard NEMA 7 - pin socket found on most street lights .
Over 4,000 Aaeon Nodes have been deployed across the city of Taipei growing to an expected deployment of 25,000 by the end of 2020 .
On March 17 , the following note appeared on the Promised Land blog :
And this also happened this week : the office of the minister of education forbade distributing a booklet for kids about the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , because it did n’t like two articles in the declaration , as well as some of the illustration in the booklet .
The relevant link was to an article in Hebrew .
I asked Noam which two articles had been specified , and he replied that the nrg .
co.il article implied Article 14 and Article 18 .
These two articles are as follows :
" Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution . "
( Article 14 )
" Everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief , and freedom , either alone or in community with others and in public or private , to manifest his religion or belief in teaching , practice , worship and observance . "
( Article 18 )
But apart from that Hebrew language piece , there is also a translated version of the story available here .
Here is an extract :
France 's first lady is tres embarrassed that an old , raunchy episode of a talk show called Eurotrash has surfaced online .
Now the French government is scrambling to get it yanked from YouTube .
Here 's what they do n't want you to see .
Apparently the French government fought to remove a longer version of this video — in which Carla showcases a pair of " hot international sex guides " that teach international tramps how to say phrases like " Do you like my titties ? " and " Put your finger in my bottom " in seven European languages — from YouTube .
Eurotrash hosts Antoine de Caunes and designer Jean - Paul Gaultier ( in the hot pink sailor suit , obviously ) ooh and aah at the multilingual promiscuity of " Italy 's most elegant export . "
The yanked version apparently showed Carla discussing celebrity affairs with Mick Jagger and Eric Clapton .
The Daily Mail reports Carla is " shocked and dismayed " at the video's " sudden reappearance . "
[ DailyMail , Telegraph ]
Here ’s a collection of the scariest pictures of Pope Benedict XVI that I could find online .
No matter how you feel about the Catholic Church and the ongoing sex scandal , you have to admit : The Pope is creepy - looking .
I tried to pick out ones that were n’t photoshopped , as I believe he ’s creepy enough without having to add the Emperor ’s finger force lightning to all of his pictures ( Trust me , there ’s a ton of those on Google Image Search ) .
Click on the pic to get to the unedited goodness and the gallery .
Rate this : Clink it !
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Print
More
Email
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
November 12 , 2009 - L4D Team
During the production of a game , a lot of concept art gets drawn up , redrawn , thrown away , cursed at , and , occasionally , even used .
There 's a mountain of this stuff fluttering around the Valve offices , and while the non-artists among us might not know much ( anything ) about art , we hope we 're not embarrassing our artists by saying it looks pretty kickass .
So we grabbed some of it off the nearest pile and made it into desktop wallpaper :
And we lest we forget our hard - working animators and modelers ,
Here 's some high - res screengrab wallpaper from the game 's intro , too :
If you 're looking at all these wallpapers and thinking , " These are okay , but they 're not as good as the desktop wallpaper I have up now of my own face , " have we got news for you .
You can plug that picture into GameStop 's " Leave Yourself 4 Dead " Online Zombifier and see what you 'd look like as a ravenous , kill - crazy zombie .
( Admit it , you 're curious . )
Lastly , if you have n't already entered our " Dude , Where 's My Thumb ? " contest , remember that it closes Monday , so get creative this weekend and win a copy of the game or even a new Xbox !
Last night , by 234 – 194 , the House of Representatives passed an amendment to the Defense Authorization Bill that paves the way to end the ban on gay and lesbian servicemembers .
The Senate Armed Services Committee also passed a similar amendment Thursday afternoon .
The Defense Authorization Bill is now up for a full vote this afternoon in the House , and a vote in the Senate is likely in early June .
Here 's why it is so important for Congress to get rid of Do n't Ask , Don't Tell once and for all .
First , let 's get clear about what " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " actually does .
The country seems to have increasingly bought into a great scam : that DADT says that you can't serve in the military if you are openly gay .
It does say that .
But it also says that you can't serve unless you are celibate , even if you are not out , a requirement imposed on no one else in the military .
It 's important to get rid of DADT for at least three reasons .
First , we need to get rid of it because of the damage it does to so many decent Americans who volunteer to serve .
DADT is particularly cruel because many of them only realize they are gay after they 've joined .
Second , we need to get rid of DADT because it is a blot on the Constitution .
DADT enshrines in federal law a principle which had been rejected in most other contexts : that discrimination could be justified by the prejudice of others .
In the 60s , businesses in the South said that the prejudice their customers had against black people ought to give them an exemption from discrimination laws .
Congress and the courts disagreed .
In the 80s , government agencies actually defended discrimination on the basis that neighbors ( or others ) had strong negative feelings about disabled people , " hippies " and even older people ( in Miami of all places ) .
Again , the courts disagreed .
But in the Congress that passed it , the single justification for Don't Ask , Don't Tell was not that gay members of the Armed Forces could n't do their jobs .
It was rather that heterosexual service members would be so unnerved by the mere presence of gay people that they would be unable to perform theirs .
As long as DADT endures , the idea that your rights can't be taken away just because someone else does n't like you is hardly secure .
Third , our work to build real equality in the law and in the hearts of Americans wo n't succeed as long as the federal government has a law on its books that says discrimination is ok , at least some of the time .
Laws like that are the most profound statement that a group does n't deserve equality , especially because Americans believe ( not entirely correctly ) that the federal government has been an engine for ensuring fairness and equality .
Getting rid of DADT wo n't be enough ; there 's another little law called the " Defense of Marriage Act " ( and you thought Congress has no sense of irony ) that will have to go as well .
Finally , as we take down DADT , we should remember a bit of its history .
DADT was the result of trying to use an institution ( in this case , the President ) to change the law before the political work needed to sustain the change had been done .
DADT did n't represent a failure to make change ; it made things significantly worse .
Let 's hope it's a lesson we do n't have to learn a second time .
Less than a month before Michael Ballack was due to lead his country into the World Cup , his tournament , and possibly his international career , came to an end .
Germany ’s captain was hurt when tackled by a Portsmouth player in the English F.A. Cup final , which he started for Chelsea last Saturday , and a medical scan on Monday confirmed that a ligament in his right ankle was torn .
Ballack called the damage from the tackle by Kevin - Prince Boateng “ clearly intentional . ”
Video evidence offers strong credence to that view .
The replays also show there was a measure of provocation by Ballack moments earlier , when he kicked Boateng and aimed a hand at his cheekbone .
The biter bit , say some critics of Ballack .
Karma is suggested by others .
Only Boateng knows what he intended with his foul from behind on Ballack .
He may never tell , although some Portsmouth teammates say Boateng , who also missed a penalty kick that would have given Portsmouth the lead , was in tears in the locker room after the final , which Chelsea won by the only goal .
Food Flags is a series of ads promoting Sydney International Food Festival in which national emblems were made out of edibles indigenous to the country it represents .
They ’ve creatively used these images to advertise the international aspect to their festival which took place in October 2009 .
The idea is truly original , however , the concept is somewhat similar to another ad campaign we ’ve posted earlier on BoredPanda , see The Real Meaning Of National Flags ( 8 flags explained ) .
Food Flags is definitely one of the tastiest ads campaigns I ’ve ever seen , and I would definitely eat Greece .
What about you ?
Bon appetit !
South Korea
Australia
Brazil
France
Greece
India
Japan
Lebanon
Spain
Switzerland
Italy
Vietnam
Advertising Agency : WHYBIN / TBWA , Sydney , Australia | Executive Creative Director : Garry Horner | Creative Director : Matt Kemsley | Art Director : Miles Jeffreys | Copywriter : Tammy Keegan | Photographer : Natalie Boog | Retoucher : Nick Mueller | Food Stylist : Trish Heagerty
will respond effectively and in time to problems such as climate change , this book makes compellingly clear the vital need for a sustainability revolution .
- Dust jacket . … ( more [ This book ] brings data on overshoot and global ecological collapse to the present moment .
It provides a short course in the World3 computer model , types of growth , and the various kinds of over - shoot likely to occur in the current century .
While it remains to be seen whether public policy
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - A daily dose of electricity delivered to a specific part of the brain can lift depression , new research confirms , even for people who ’ve already tried multiple antidepressants to no avail .
While there ’s evidence that this technique , known as transcranial magnetic stimulation ( TMS ) , helps depressed people get better - and the US Food and Drug Administration has approved TMS for this purpose - many skeptics have questioned whether it really works , notes Dr. Mark S. George of the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston , the lead author of the new study .
The biggest issue with studies so far , he explained , has been that it ’s tough to fake the sound and sensation of the real device in order to run a gold standard clinical trial in which some people get the treatment , and others get a sham treatment , no one knowing which .
But George and his team say they ’ve solved that problem by developing a dummy device that clicks in a similar way to the real thing and causes a person ’s eye muscles to twitch , just like real a TMS device .
In the May issue of the Archives of General Psychiatry , George and his colleagues report the results of their 190 - patient study , the most rigorous investigation of TMS for depression so far .
The researchers randomly assigned participants to receive 37.5 minutes of TMS delivered to a part of the brain region that plays a role in emotion , or 37.5 minutes of sham TMS , once a day for three weeks .
After three weeks , 14 percent of patients in the real TMS group had recovered from their depression , compared to 5 percent of the sham TMS group ; people who had the real treatment were four times as likely to get better as those who got the fake treatment .
Based on the results , George and his team say , it would be necessary to treat 12 depressed patients with TMS in order to have one patient recover .
Eighty - eight percent of the study participants completed the first phase of the trial .
Patients in both groups were equally likely to report side effects , which included headache , discomfort at the TMS site , and eye twitching .
In a second phase of the study , all patients were given the real TMS treatment .
Thirty percent of the patients in the second phase recovered from depression .
How long the treatment should last is not yet clear .
“ It ’s very muddy now exactly how long we need to treat patients , ” George said .
“ It looks as if from this trial you at least need to try three weeks and maybe even six weeks before you would give up . ”
Patients who got better were prescribed venlafaxine - marketed as Effexor -- and a small dose of lithium , noted George , a combination that ’s been shown to help people stay well after their depression has remitted .
George said he and his colleagues would like to study whether giving people TMS intermittently instead of putting them on antidepressants would produce equally durable effects .
TMS works by producing an electrical current that can pass through the skull and into the target area of the brain .
George said he believes the approach works by “ resetting ” electrical activity and restoring normal mood regulation .
Something similar is likely happening , he added , with electroconvulsive therapy ( ECT ) , or what is sometimes referred to as “ electroshock treatment . ”
Sixty to 70 percent of depressed people who undergo ECT , in which electrodes placed on the front of the brain induce a convulsion while the patient is anesthetized , will recover .
George said he hopes that by better understanding where TMS should be delivered and by figuring out the best dose and duration of treatment , success rates closer to those of ECT might be achieved .
“ I ’m optimistic that it ’s pointing us in a path of understanding how to interact with the brain in a non-invasive way to get people well . ”
SOURCE : Archives of General Psychiatry , May 2010 .
In areas where members of Congress get lots of ink in local newspapers , voters are more informed and representatives do more to serve local interests , according to a study to be published next week in the Journal of Political Economy .
" Our findings support the idea that press coverage is important for electoral accountability , " write the study 's authors , James Snyder from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and David Strömberg of Stockholm University .
" Voters need information to keep politicians accountable and the press delivers this information . "
However , the researchers say the findings also suggest that the current trend toward fewer local newspapers could make for less responsive politicians in the future .
The research tracked the chain of media impacts link by link .
Snyder and Strömberg looked at factors that drive local papers to cover members of Congress , how that coverage influences voters , and how politicians react .
The study found that " congruence " between congressional districts and newspaper circulation areas has a strong influence on how much press coverage a member of Congress receives .
The rationale works like this :
If a large majority of a newspaper 's readers live in one congressional district , that paper has good reason to print stories about that district 's representative .
In contrast , when a paper 's readers are spread over two or more districts , there is less incentive to cover one representative or another .
So when district boundaries are congruent with newspaper markets , that representative should receive more coverage in all of the newspapers in the district compared to representatives of non-congruent districts .
Using data from 1991 to 2002 , Snyder and Strömberg found that in a district with the highest possible congruence , the average newspaper writes 170 more stories about a member of Congress than in a district with the lowest congruence .
The analysis controlled for other factors that may drive coverage , such as whether a representative was a party leader or was involved in a scandal .
All that extra coverage has a strong impact on both voters and their representatives , the research shows .
Voters in highly congruent areas are far more likely to know their representative 's name and are more willing to rate his or her job performance .
Voter turnout in congressional elections is also higher in congruent areas .
In turn , representatives from highly congruent districts tend to be more constituent - centered .
They vote against the party line more often ; they are more likely to defend local projects in congressional hearings ; and they bring more federal dollars back to the district .
All of these results were driven by the alignment of newspaper markets and district boundaries .
Congruence with television markets has none of these effects , the study found .
These results suggest that recent media trends could have a substantial public policy effect , the researchers say .
As local newspapers disappear , the remaining papers cover larger areas .
In some cases , broadcast media becomes a primary news source .
" The trend is likely to decrease the congruence at local levels , " the researchers write .
" This might not only affect the congruence of congressional districts , but also that of municipalities , counties and other local government units .
Our results suggest that this is likely to reduce voter information , political participation and political accountability . "
###
James M. Snyder and David Strömberg , " Press Coverage and Political Accountability . "
Journal of Political Economy 118:2 .
One of the oldest and most prestigious journals in economics , the Journal of Political Economy has since 1892 presented significant research and scholarship in economic theory and practice .
The journal aims to publish highly selective , widely cited articles of current relevance that will have a long - term impact on economics research .
Gaile Owens McNeely Pigott & Fox Public Relations via AP Ron Owens lay bleeding on the floor of his suburban Memphis home on Feb. 17 , 1985 , when his two young sons walked in and found him , court records show .
He had been beaten with a tire iron , prosecutors said , by hit man Sidney Porterfield , who had been recruited by Owens ' wife , Gaile .
Gaile Owens admitted to police that she spent months driving through seedy Memphis neighborhoods looking for someone to kill her husband for a few thousand dollars .
She was arrested , tried and sentenced to death the next year .
Unless Owens , now 57 , wins a reprieve from Democratic Tennessee Gov. Phil Bredesen before Sept. 28 , she will be the first woman put to death by the state since 1820 — by lethal injection , the state 's current method , or electrocution , the method when she was convicted .
With the execution date set , Owens ' family , friends , supporters and legal team have stepped up their efforts to get her sentence commuted .
They have been updating supporters on a Facebook page dedicated to the cause with nearly 1,500 fans .
Owens ' son , Stephen , 37 , who was 12 when he discovered his father 's beaten body , spoke publicly about his mother for the first time April 20 , asking the governor for forgiveness .
The other son , Brian , 8 at the time of the murder , has not spoken publicly .
Owens ' attorneys argue that she was unfairly denied an opportunity to plead guilty in 1986 to arranging the murder in exchange for life in prison .
They say the jury that sentenced her to die never heard a crucial piece of evidence : that she suffered from battered wife syndrome after years of physical and mental abuse by her husband .
Because those arguments were n't part of her original trial , her attorneys said , they could n't be considered by state appeals courts .
The U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear her case .
Owens has turned down interview requests .
In a letter to the governor last year , she said she was responsible for setting into motion the events that led to her husband 's death .
" There is not a sentence or any amount of time that would be enough to end the pain , guilt and shame that I feel , " she wrote .
On the day she was arrested , court records show , Owens told police that she and her husband had a bad marriage for years and that he had been cruel to her .
She said there was " very little physical violence . "
Later , court documents say , she told her lawyers she had been coerced into sexual acts that made her vomit and sex so rough it injured her .
There was no proof , they said , because Owens did n't seek medical treatment .
Court documents say Owens hamstrung her defense by refusing to testify or let her attorneys interview family members who might have known .
Kelley Henry , an assistant federal public defender working with Owens , said Owens did n't want her family to hear the details of her abuse .
Prosecutors offered her life in prison in exchange for a guilty plea , records show .
But it came with the caveat that Porterfield had to plead guilty , too .
Owens took the deal , Porterfield refused , and it was withdrawn .
The last woman executed in the USA was Frances Newton , who was put to death in Texas by lethal injection in September 2005 , said Richard Dieter , director of the non-profit Death Penalty Information Center .
Newton was convicted of killing her husband and two children in 1987 .
Owens has exhausted her legal appeals , Henry said , and her last hope lies with Bredesen .
Lydia Lenker , a spokeswoman for Bredesen , said the governor is considering her request .
Don Strother , the assistant Shelby County district attorney who prosecuted Owens 24 years ago , still believes the death penalty is appropriate for her .
" This woman went for months shopping and looking for someone to kill her husband , " Strother said .
" It was prosecuted fairly .
Everything was done by the book . "
Fulya Sobczak , 50 , was on the Memphis jury that convicted Owens in 1986 .
At the time , she said , Owens put up little defense and the jury was left with little besides the gory details of the crime .
At the request of Owens ' attorneys , she said , she recently wrote a letter to the governor asking for mercy .
She did it , she said , to clear her conscience .
" I really wish I 'd had more information " at the time of the trial , she said .
" She had abuse issues from her husband . … I feel like she should be given another chance . "
Carey reports for The Tennessean in Nashville Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Brand - new hiking gear can cost an arm and a leg , but sometimes it 's worth it for the warranty or just the piece of mind of knowing that you 're getting high - end gear in pristine condition .
That said , why pay retail when you can get steep discounts ?
01 of 12 Cabela 's Bargain Cave pixelfit / Getty Images Cabela 's big sales seem to be on par with every other retailer 's ; you can do better if you 're willing to wait for something you want to turn up in the Bargain Cave .
There 's no telling what you 'll find or whether they 'll have it in your size , but if it 's there , you 'll get a great deal on it with discounts of up to 70 percent .
The Bargain Cave is also a physical location in brick - and - mortar Cabela 's stores , so be sure to check every time you 're in the store .
02 of 12 Campmor Campmor might not be the most glamorous of retailers , but they sometimes have pretty good deals on outdoor gear and clothing .
Do take the time to compare prices , because their discounts vary .
03 of 12 Craigslist ( and other local classifieds )
As long as you know what you 're looking for , you can find some awesome deals on Craigslist and any local versions of the same .
Just follow the usual safety precautions , because you never know who 's actually on the other end of the transaction .
04 of 12 The Clymb The Clymb offers " insider pricing on premium outdoor gear . "
That translates to discounts that often hover around 30 to 40 percent off — not bad at all !
05 of 12 Freecycle Freecycle is an email / web - based network where people who have something they want to give away or recycle for free ( thus " freecycle , " get it ? ) post the item up for grabs .
If you want it , you email them and arrange to pick it up .
You can also post a " Wanted " message for any needs you have — for example , " Wanted : Backpacking equipment " — but in my experience the pickier you are , the fewer replies you get to that sort of message .
Your odds of being picked to receive something are best if you 're an active participant in the Freecycle community , and if you 're fast on the reply button — often it 's first - come , first - serve .
06 of 12 GearTrade GearTrade is a marketplace for retailers , sales reps — and apparently , individuals — to sell gear online .
You can get some screaming deals here , but make sure you read item descriptions carefully to see whether what you 're buying is used or new .
07 of 12 NOLS Sales National Outdoor Leadership School ( NOLS ) goes through a lot of gear , and they tend to sell off anything they do n't need in the spring and fall .
You 'll have to check with your local chapters to see when they 're holding the next sale .
The gear has often seen a lot of use , but if you buy carefully , you can still find usable items at a great place .
Sometimes you 'll find a smattering of brand - new sample gear ; in my experience that usually sells at about 50 percent off .
08 of 12 REI Garage Sales , Attic and Outlet Maybe some of you remember the halcyon days of REI 's " Super Clearance " sales ​ when every item that had a price ending in .83 was discounted an additional 50 percent .
Those have gone the way of the dodo , but you stand a decent chance of scoring deals at an REI " Garage Sale " instead .
REI also keeps a regular , rotating stock of returned items for sale in their " Attic " ( not a literal attic -- it 's usually located somewhere near the back of the store ) .
You can get screaming deals here , but buy carefully because sometimes there really is a problem with gear -- ripped seams or missing pieces , for example -- and items purchased in the Attic can not be returned .
Last but still useful , you can sometimes find good deals , especially on closeouts , at REI 's online outlet .
09 of 12 Rock / Creek Outfitters Rock / Creek stocks many major outdoors brands at full price , but they also maintain a sale section where you can get some pretty good deals .
The typical sale discounts look to hover around 20 percent , but a recent browse turned up discounts of almost 50 percent off on some hiking gear .
That 's worth a look !
10 of 12 Sierra Trading Post At Sierra Trading Post 's Bargain Barn , everything is priced at least 60 percent off retail .
You 'll get a lot of closeouts and seconds here , but who cares if that pair of socks you just got has a tiny cosmetic blemish on them ?
They still keep your feet just as warm or dry , and they 're cheap .
11 of 12 Swap Meets
There 's no central source for these , so keep your eyes peeled to newsletters from university outdoor clubs and local outdoorsy clubs , or do some judicious Googling .
Do n't be shy — you might find hiking - specific gear like packs , boots , headlamps and clothing layers at swap meets for skiers and climbers too .
A federal appeals court Tuesday rejected the Federal Communications Commission 's authority to sanction Comcast for interfering with peer - to - peer traffic , reversing the commission 's first attempt to enforce network neutrality .
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit vacated ( .pdf ) the agency 's 2008 decision ordering Philadelphia - based Comcast to stop hampering the peer - to - peer service BitTorrent as a traffic - management practice .
The FCC had acted in response to complaints Comcast was sending forged packets to broadband customers to close their peer - to - peer sessions .
Comcast appealed to the circuit court , arguing that the FCC overstepped its bounds .
FCC Chairman Kevin Martin ’s replacement , Julius Genachowski , proposed new rules last year that the agency was hoping would sidestep an unfavorable circuit decision .
" Today ’s court decision invalidated the prior commission 's approach to preserving an open internet , " FCC spokesman Jen Howard said in a statement .
" But the court in no way disagreed with the importance of preserving a free and open internet .
Nor did it close the door to other methods for achieving this important end . "
Genachowski said the agency was enforcing the net neutrality Four Freedoms , a set of agency principles dating to 2005 that guarantee that cable and DSL users have the right to use the devices , services and programs of choice over their connections .
Digital rights groups pointed out that the three - judge panel 's unanimous decision stems from deregulation , in which the FCC , with the Supreme Court 's blessing , began regulating cable internet service providers as " information services " instead of as " telecommunication services . "
The latter , which includes phone carriers , are subject to a bevvy of rules and obligations , including some that mimic net neutrality rules .
They range from taxes to subsidize low - income users to " common carrier " rules that allow phone users to call whomever they like using whatever device they choose – from a Mickey Mouse - style phone to a fax machine .
" This crisis is not a result of a weak congressional law , but a direct consequence of the previous two commission 's misguided and overzealous attempts to completely deregulate America 's communications networks .
Past FCC actions created a huge loophole in the law that leaves the agency unable to protect consumer privacy or promote universal broadband access , " said S. Derek Turner , Free Press ' research director .
Free Press , in 2007 , urged the commission to sanction Comcast for its throttling practices – practices Comcast said were designed as traffic - management tools .
Comcast complied with the order and appealed .
Sena Fitzmaurice , a Comcast vice president , said the cable concern was " gratified " by the decision and said it appealed " to clear our name and reputation . "
" Comcast remains committed to the FCC 's existing open internet principles , and we will continue to work constructively with this FCC as it determines how best to increase broadband adoption and preserve an open and vibrant internet , " she said .
Public Knowledge , which with Free Press brought the Comcast complaint to the FCC , said the commission could sidestep Tuesday 's decision by bringing internet service " back under some common - carrier regulation similar to that used for decades . "
Absent that , or congressional intervention or a Supreme Court reversal , the court 's decision also throws the FCC's Broadband Plan into doubt because " there are no protections in the law for consumers ' broadband services , " said Gigi Sohn , Public Knowledge 's president .
Sohn added that the commission " would not have to impose a heavy regulatory burden on the telephone and cable companies , yet consumers could once again have the benefit of legal protections and the Broadband Plan could go forward . "
Rep. Edward Markey ( D - Massachusetts ) said Congress should " provide the commission any additional authority it may need to ensure the openness of the internet . "
Dan Brenner , the former legal affairs chief of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association , said internet service providers likely would not change course and begin throttling traffic because of Tuesday 's developments .
Doing so might invite some form of government intervention .
" As a practical matter , the case does not mean any management practices are going to be OK .
That 's just not going to happen , " he said .
" If customers feel they are getting bad service , they are going to complain loudly . "
The appellate panel 's decision comes two years after the FCC , under the Bush administration , ordered Comcast to stop its controversial practice of throttling file sharing traffic .
By a 3 - 2 vote , the commission concluded that Comcast monitored the content of its customers ' internet connections and selectivelyblocked peer - to - peer connections – allegations Comcast denied .
The selective blocking of file sharing traffic interfered with users ' rights to access the internet and to use applications of their choice , the commission said .
According to the commission , Comcast used deep - packet inspection to monitor customers ' internet traffic , and routed packets according to their content , not their destination .
" In essence , Comcast opens its customers ' mail because it wants to deliver mail not based on the address on the envelope but on the type of letter contained therein , " the commission ruled .
Comcast ’s throttling was widespread — up to three - quarters of all file sharing connections in certain areas , the commission said , resulting in a significant disruption to internet traffic .
Photo : symbi/ Flickr
See Also :
US military planners are looking at options for a unilateral strike in Pakistan , for use if a successful attack on US soil is traced to Pakistani tribal areas , The Washington Post reported late Friday .
US retaliation would be contemplated only under extreme circumstances , unnamed senior military officials told the Post .
These circumstances might include a catastrophic attack that convinced President Barack Obama that the ongoing campaign of CIA drone strikes was insufficient .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Planning has been reinvigorated in the wake of Times Square , ” one official told the newspaper .
The report comes in the wake of the failed May 1 attack on New York ’s crowded Times Square , which is in the city ’s busy theater district .
Faisal Shahzad , a 30 - year - old Pakistani - born naturalized US citizen , was arrested apparently trying to flee the country on a flight to Dubai 53 hours after street vendors alerted police to smoke coming out of a vehicle there .
The van was found to contain a bomb consisting of timers , wires , fireworks , gasoline , propane tanks and fertilizer .
Shahzad is due for a federal court hearing in New York on June 1 .
ADVERTISEMENT
US officials say Shahzad is connected to Pakistani Taliban insurgents and Obama has sent two senior national security aides to Islamabad to join the investigation into the May 1 car bombing attempt .
According to The Post , the US administration is trying to deepen ties to Pakistan ’s intelligence officials in a bid to head off any attack by militant groups .
The two countries recently established a joint military intelligence center on the outskirts of the northwestern city of Peshawar , and were in talks to set up another one near Quetta , the paper said .
Those of you who have been saving up the extra cash to purchase the Sprint HTC EVO 4G may be a little disappointed to hear that video calling with the new Qik application will set you back an additional $ 5 a month .
An image of the Sprint training documents just surfaced on AndroidGuys which reveals that the video calling feature will not be covered for the extra $ 10 Sprint is charging for 4G connectivity .
Payment for the Qik video calling feature will be handled through PayPal which leads up be believe that Qik will be collecting that extra $ 5 from you , not Sprint .
Though video calling is a nice new feature coming to Android , the Qik service is not the only option out there .
Fring just added a video calling feature with Skype integration yesterday and now we ’re getting word that Skype is planning on rolling out their Skype Mobile add to all Android phones and will be bringing video conferencing to mobile before the end of the year .
So … how many of you will be willing to hand over $ 5 a month to Qik for a video calling feature that you might only use a few times a month ?
Robin Lopez , whose 7 - foot presence gave the Suns some much - needed toughness inside , scored 20 on 8 - of - 10 shooting in 31 minutes , by far his most playing time since returning from a back injury at the start of the series .
Phoenix made 37 - of - 42 free throws , 14 of 18 by Stoudemire .
The Lakers were 16 of 20 at the line .
Kobe Bryant had 36 points , 11 assists and nine rebounds .
Pau Gasol scored 23 points , but the Lakers did n't get as much help from their supporting cast as they did in the first two games .
The Suns , the second - best 3 - point shooting team in NBA history in the regular season , were just 5 of 20 .
But Jason Richardson was 4 of 7 , including one with 26 seconds to go to put the lid on the triumph , snapping the Lakers ' eight - game playoff winning streak .
" We certainly did n't come out to play the way I wanted , " Lakers coach Phil Jackson said , " and we certainly did n't play the way I wanted at the end . "
Richardson scored 19 .
Steve Nash had 17 points and 15 assists before banging his nose in a fourth - quarter collision with Derek Fisher .
Nash said he did n't think it was broken but planned to see a specialist before practice on Monday .
" They attacked the hoop today , " Jackson said , " and , you know , earned 42 foul shots .
That 's really the game plan .
We seemed to be staying home on the 3 - point shooters , and Stoudemire and Lopez had a night for them . "
Stoudemire , who had just nine rebounds in the first two games and had been criticized for his lack of defense and absence of fire , scored repeatedly on drives to the basket , when he either made the basket , was fouled , or both .
The All - Star power forward , who can opt out of the final year of his contract after this season , made 10 - of - 12 shots in the second half , scoring 16 in the third quarter and 13 in the fourth .
Phoenix coach Alvin Gentry said he knew Stoudemire would respond .
" He knew he did n't play well in L.A. , " Gentry said .
Stoudemire had said Lamar Odom had " a lucky game " with 19 points and 19 rebounds in Game 1 .
Odom was far more complimentary after Game 3 .
" He had a wonderful game , " Odom said .
" He got to the hole and was forceful .
He played great . "
Odom , meanwhile , made just 4 - of - 14 shots and had 10 points and six rebounds before fouling out .
He and Andrew Bynum , bothered by his sore right knee , both got in early foul trouble .
" It was one of those games , " Odom said .
" It happens . "
Jackson said Bynum might not play in Game 4 .
" I 'll talk to him and see how he feels about it , " Jackson said .
" I think he was ineffective .
There were some things that got by him . "
As for Lopez , Gentry called the second - year pro's offense " a big surprise . "
Lopez had been out since March 28 with a bulging disk before playing in this series .
The Suns played a lot of zone defense after the Lakers averaged 126 points and shot 58 percent in the first two games .
Los Angeles shot 48 percent in this one .
The Lakers had a 27 - 4 advantage in second - chance points , but were outscored 18 - 3 on fast - break points .
" When they started making shots , we had to go to the zone , " Gentry said .
" Tonight it worked and we stuck with it . "
Los Angeles , though , led 90 - 89 when Odom made two free throws with 8:47 to play .
Lopez entered the game for the struggling Channing Frye , and Phoenix took the lead for good 91 - 90 on Jared Dudley 's baseline drive with 8:27 left .
Frye missed all seven of his shots , five of them 3s , and is shooting 1 for 20 in the series , 1 for 14 on 3s .
He has missed 17 straight shots .
Phoenix scored the last seven points of the second quarter to lead 54 - 47 at the half and was up 86 - 84 after three quarters , thanks to two free throws by Leandro Barbosa with 1.5 seconds left following an ill - advised foul at midcourt by Shannon Brown .
Game notes
Jackson drew what he said was his first technical of the year in the second quarter , when the Suns were 13 of 15 at the line and his team had n't even shot a free throw .
...
The Lakers scored 65 and 62 points in the first halves of Game 1 and Game 2 , 47 in Game 3 and only 15 in the second quarter .
... The Suns ' bench continued to struggle offensively .
The reserves made just 3 - of - 21 shots and scored 15 points , but the Los Angeles reserves were n't much better , going 7 for 24 for 20 points .
... Stoudemire 's career playoff high of 42 came against San Antonio on June 1 , 2005 .
The board of Abbotsford Convent has offered an olive branch to restaurant Lentil as Anything - placing a temporary stay on community action gearing up to save the pay - by - donation operation 's east Melbourne site .
Lentil 's founder Shanaka Fernando said earlier this month he had been threatened with eviction when his lease expired in January , causing a groundswell of support to save the ethical eatery .
Shanaka Fernando and head chef Errol Schwallie at Lentil as Anything yesterday .
Credit : Joseph Feil
The board has dismissed the commercial tendering process as rumour and said Lentil had been offered help to seek an extension of its lease .
But the negotiations may be tense , with Abbotsford Convent Foundation board chairman Hayden Raysmith saying there were " issues " that needed to be addressed by Lentil before a new lease was signed .
April 1 , 2010
Elizabeth Schulte explains how conservatives went after one of the largest community organizing groups in the country .
THE GRASSROOTS community organization Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) has been forced to close down , in the wake of an all - out right - wing assault on the 40 - year - old organization .
But the casualties include more than ACORN itself .
They include tens of thousands of people who benefited from the group 's organizing in cities across the country : the more than 150,000 low - income families who ACORN helped with their tax refunds to receive Earned Income Tax Credits ; the 50,000 families who averted foreclosures with the help of ACORN , which was one of the first organizations to speak out about the dangers of predatory lending ; and the well over a million poor people and people of color who could not vote until ACORN registered them .
These accomplishments -- working to improve the lives of poor and largely minority people -- are why ACORN became the target of a right - wing smear campaign .
The assault on ACORN recalled the days of the anti-communist witch - hunts of the 1950s , as conservative politicians and their Fox News partners went on a relentless assault against the organization .
And just like Sen. Joseph McCarthy , waving a " list of the names of [ your number here ] known communists , " the right - wing pundits repeated their lies over and over again , until the damage was done .
ACORN activists protesting police violence in New York City
Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif. ) used his position as a ranking Republican in the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to call ACORN a " criminal organization " at a December hearing .
In February , Issa 's committee issued a report arguing that ACORN " exploits the poor and vulnerable " for political gain .
Issa authored the " Defund ACORN Act , " which passed the Senate and the House , with the help of members in both parties .
The reality is that less than 10 percent of ACORN 's budget came from federal grants .
Over the past 15 years , ACORN has received just $ 53 million in federal funds , and much of it is for low - income housing .
Issa 's self - righteous attempt to defund the organization did n't stand up to the law , however , and in December an independent report by Scott Harshbarger , the former Massachusetts attorney general and former president of Common Cause , cleared ACORN of any illegal conduct .
But even though ACORN was vindicated , the damage had been done to its reputation and its war chest , as former supporters and large donors cut their ties to the organization .
In addition , ACORN was forced to use its already dwindling funds for this fight against attacks on its reputation -- money that could have been used on an anti-foreclosure campaign , for instance .
The latest character assassination against ACORN that led to the congressional assault was a video produced by 25 - year - old right - wing " journalist " James O'Keefe , who , along with his co-conspirator , 20 - year - old Hannah Giles , visited more than a dozen ACORN offices with a secret camera trying to catch them doing something dubious .
O'Keefe made the news again recently when he was arrested for plotting to tamper with the phone system in Democrat Sen .
Mary Landrieu 's New Orleans office , posing as a repair worker .
O'Keefe 's ACORN video made Fox News headlines when it supposedly showed the two , posing as a prostitute and a pimp , getting advice about how to file for taxes .
In the end , the video was so heavily edited and misleading that even right - winger Andrew Breitbart , who introduced the video to the world via his Web site , BigGovernment.com , later said that he had been duped by O'Keefe .
At no time did anyone ask to see the unedited version of the damning video .
BUT IT was n't just Fox News and Glenn Beck who repeated the story , no questions asked .
So did the liberal New York Times .
In fact , after the story broke , Times public editor Clark Hoyt complained on September 26 that Times readers were n't as up - to - speed on the story as " followers of Fox News . "
And so one of the world 's most respected newspapers recited back the story told by O'Keefe 's heavily edited video of him lying to ACORN workers .
After ACORN conducted its own investigation , including looking at the full , unedited video , the Times was forced to append its previous stories with a correction .
But this was too little , too late .
Add this recent attack to many years of conservative assaults on the group -- including accusations of " voter fraud " in 2008 -- and the organization faced a massive ( and largely effective ) smear campaign .
As John Atlas and Peter Dreier reported in the Huffington Post :
[ A ] study of media coverage of ACORN found that over half ( 55 percent ) of the all stories about ACORN during 2007 and 2008 focused on " voter fraud , " while few stories reported on its grassroots organizing work .
Moreover , 80 percent of the print and broadcast stories about ACORN 's alleged voter fraud ( and 63 percent of the Times ' stories ) failed to mention that ACORN itself was reporting voter - registration irregularities to authorities , as required by law .
The Times ' coverage of ACORN was almost entirely negative ; 56 percent of its stories focused on voter fraud and embezzlement .
Unfortunately , many liberal organizations and individuals did not step forward to defend ACORN .
This includes the Obama administration , which a week before the ACORN video incident let Van Jones , a former activist and environmental appointee , twist in the wind and resign after the right put the heat on him for past left - wing remarks .
The accumulation of attacks hit ACORN hard .
The group has just 17 offices , down from 29 a year ago .
Its annual budget has dropped to $ 6 million , down from $ 24 million last year , reported the Times .
And the Census Bureau dropped ACORN from helping to promote the 2010 census , saying the group might " create a negative connotation " and discourage participation .
Closing down ACORN is a blow that will be felt by low - income people in cities across the country over time .
As ACORN announced it was closing up shop , the New York Times went to Prince George 's County , Md. , where Gloria Swieringa said she owed her home to the group .
The blind 72 - year - old said her mortgage payment was $ 1,100 per month , more than she could afford on her fixed income of $ 1,500 a month , until ACORN helped her readjust it .
" That 's what I know ACORN for , " Swieringa said .
" And that 's why it 's just awful for it to disappear . "
As working - class and poor people are forced to bear the brunt of economic crisis , we will need more grassroots organizations dedicated to the fight against poverty .
Activists will have to come together and counter the right 's assault any way we can .
The government wants to know more about you than is healthy .
It must have felt nice for Communications Minister Stephen Conroy not to be the bad guy .
Just for a little while .
At a Senate estimates hearing last week , being peppered by questions finding even more flaws in his internet filter plan , Conroy seized an opportunity to direct a bit of fury Google 's way .
And at Facebook , too - the minister was on a roll .
Conroy accused Google of the ' ' largest privacy breach in history across Western democracies '' for its apparently accidental sampling of publicly accessible data from home wireless internet networks .
Then he claimed Facebook had '' gone rogue ' ' because the social network 's privacy policy was getting increasingly complex and confused .
'' What would you prefer ? '' asked Conroy .
'' A corporate giant who is answerable to no one and motivated solely by profit making the rules … or a democratically elected government with all the checks and balances in place ? ''
Sure , Conroy 's sudden , passionate defence of the privacy of Australian Facebook profiles could be totally sincere .
But recall this : he is a member of a government that is about to install body scanners in airports .
Body scanners are n't '' mistakes ' ' , as Google described its inadvertent over - collection of data .
You can remove the surface scratches on the back of an iPhone case by using a mildly abrasive rub or fine sandpaper .
The anti-scratch coating is actually where many of the smaller finer scratches on iPhones are shown , which makes them relatively easy to buff out with some care .
Whether you are using the toothpaste or sandpaper method to repair the scratches , you will want to be careful as to not rub the anti-scratch coating off of the iPhone case .
Warning :
Try these methods at your own risk !
We are not responsible for you damaging your iPhone in any way , and if you are not confident in your ability to do it right , you should probably avoid the techniques altogether !
Removing iPhone scratches with … toothpaste
This might sound totally crazy but believe it or not you can use tooth paste intended for sensitive teeth as a mildly abrasive rub and it ’s able to get out some of the finer scratches on iPhone cases .
* Put a glob of tooth paste onto the iPhone case
* Using something like a microfiber cloth , gently rub and buff the iPhone case where the scratches are
* Leave the toothpaste on for a minute or two to dry a bit .
* Now clean the iPhone case with a mild cleaner , like ammonia free windex or a mild soap
You may need to buff the iPhone scratches for a while to get the best results .
Many of the finer scratches that are just marks on the surface coating will come out using this method .
People use a similar technique to remove scratches from things like DVD ’s and CD’s , and unsurprisingly it works quite well on the iPhone ’s plastic case .
To make this method even more bizarre , you can find recommendations on following up the toothpaste with a banana rub , but I have n’t tried that myself .
Some people use a product called Brasso too .
Be sure you do not get any toothpaste into any of the ports or openings on the iPhone !
Any moisture can corrode internal electronics and void your iPhone warranty by triggering the spill detectors .
Remove iPhone scratches with fine sandpaper
You can use a fine grit sandpaper to buff out and remove many of the smaller scratches on an iPhone case too .
It ’s a method very similar to the toothpaste , but you ’ll want to be cautious to use the right kind of sandpaper , 1200 + grain seems to work well based on various recommendations and experiences around the web .
You ’ll end up spending 30 minutes or more to really make it look good , refer to the MacRumors Forum thread mentioned below for an example .
Do not rub too hard !
Remember , you are trying to just polish the scratches out of the surface coating of the iPhone .
If you remove the surface anti-scratch coating , you will have to use the below method which is much more intense .
Removing deep iPhone scratches by drysanding , wetsanding , and polishing
If you are really committed to completely removing every possible scratch from your iPhone , deep gashes included , you can use a rather intense process of drysanding , then wet sanding , and finally polishing the iPhone to restore the case to it ’s original glory .
It ’s not exactly a quick and simple process , so I ’d only suggest this if you ’re truly committed to restoring an iPhone ’s case .
It will also remove the Apple logo and all text from the back of the iPhone case , so be aware of that .
This post on MacRumors Forums : Restoring an iPhone Front & Back is invaluable , and even includes a guide to fix screen scratches ( requires iPhone disassembly , not for the faint of heart ) .
It ’s kind of the last resort method since it ’s so intense and it will remove the surface protective coating from the iPhone case , which is exactly what you do not want to do in the aforementioned methods .
what is it specifically used for ?
I do n't see any missiles or any other weapons .
The idea behind Mobile Logger is simple : Logging and analyzing trip data — particularly from bikes — via open source iPhone app that collects a ton of data , from route and noise level , to speed and altitude , aggregating it for cool visualizations .
Advertisement
Here 's the overal ethos of the project , by its creator Robert Carlsen :
What I 'm really interested in exploring is a sense of connection between us by sharing our experiences .
I ride a bike daily through NYC , and encounter many other cyclists , walkers and drivers .
We pass each other in a moment , or perhaps share a lane for a bit and then continue on our separate ways .
How does my 5 mile , 25 minute ride from Greenpoint to the East Village compare to someone riding from Queens ?
What does a ride around Prospect Park share with one in Central Park ?
Whats the loudest part of the city for a cyclist ?
Where are the most frequently ridden routes ?
Advertisement
He 's definitely looking for more users to pump in more data ( and do n't you wanna know about your own bike routes ? ) , so if you 've got a bike and an iPhone , you should check it out — it 's got the most potential out of any project I saw at ITP to turn into something much , much bigger .
[ MobileLogger , iTunes , ITP ]
See also : Tenochtitlan , ex-Bitrayer , ex- Harmahis , ex-NeNasty , ex-Aegnor , ex - Anima , ex- Nitocryse
The report recommends abandoning the message that “ islam is peace ” in favour of one that says “ Islam is just ” on the basis that many Muslims believe in the value of jihad , although not in the West .
There are only two things we should fight for .
One is the defense of our homes and the other is the Bill of Rights .
- Smedley Darlington Butler
Andy Mackie has survived 10 heart surgeries and numerous heart attacks .
His love of music and teaching kids keeps him going .
Heaven Can Wait for Andy !
Since filming this segment Andy moved to Michigan to be closer to family .
Andy Mackie died Saturday , November 5th , 2011 .
He was 72 years old .
It is estimated that he distributed about 18,000 harmonicas to kids and lessons on how to play them during his lifetime .
This would not have been acceptable to Michael Lewis during his days as a hotshot bond salesman at Salomon Brothers , the world 's preeminent merchant bank .
Back then , Lewis the banker had a recurring nightmare in which his five - star hotel room had no fruit bowl and the bellboy forgot to fold the end of the toilet paper into a neat triangle ; the idea that a cloud of volcanic ash might interrupt his travel plans would simply have been intolerable .
Today , however , Lewis is calmer .
True , he has been unable to make it to Europe to promote his new book , The Big Short , which effectively completes the writing project he began 20 years ago when he left Salomon and published Liar 's Poker , the definitive insider 's account of Wall Street excess in the 1980s .
On the plus side , he is stuck in the right place to enjoy the exquisite agony of Goldman Sachs , the bank that long ago toppled Salomon and other rivals from the top rung of the Wall Street hierarchy .
Since it was charged with fraud a week ago by the Securities and Exchange Commission , the US financial regulator , Goldman has been tying itself up in knots as it scrambles to protect its reputation and Lewis has enjoyed every minute of its travails .
" I 'm not surprised Goldman was doing this , but I am surprised the SEC has finally had the nerve to bring a suit against it , " he says .
" The SEC has shone a light right at the centre of Goldman 's business and that is going to lead to lots of other revelations . "
It should be said that Goldman strongly disputes the fraud allegations .
The facts of the case are that three years ago , before the collapse of America 's sub - prime housing market plunged the world into financial crisis and economic downturn , the bank launched an investment product that offered clients exposure to that market .
Unbeknown to clients , the securities in the product were picked by a wealthy hedge fund , Paulson & Co , which would subsequently become famous for making a $ 13 bn profit betting on the crisis ( and figures prominently in Lewis 's The Big Short ) .
Goldman 's defence is that it broke no laws – the SEC says that by failing to disclose the involvement of Paulson , which even then was known to be betting on mortgage defaults , it fraudulently misrepresented the investment it was selling .
Some of the clients who lost money – including Britain 's taxpayer - owned Royal Bank of Scotland , which is out of pocket to the tune of $ 850 m – are presumably pretty cheesed off too .
" The consensus in the US is that this scandal wo n't be too serious for Goldman in the long run , " Lewis says .
" I disagree : I think this is the end of the bank as we know it – the people at the top are going to have to step aside and the bank is going to have to restructure , maybe even go back to being a partnership . "
Wall Street firms have ridden out such scandals before , of course , but Lewis says the nature of the financial crisis has changed everything .
" Wall Street is not being made a scapegoat for the crisis : they really did this , " he argues .
" And what is different to previous crises is that people now understand Wall Street has been enriching itself while impoverishing the rest of us . "
As a result , in Lewis ' analysis , the world is finally moving towards bringing the banking industry to book .
Whether through fraud cases against its flagship institution , via the new taxes on the sector to be discussed at this weekend 's meeting of the International Monetary Fund , or through " the sea change in our relationship with financial culture " that took place when governments stepped in to stand behind the global financial system at the height of the crisis , the credit crunch has been a " game - changer " .
Lewis says : " When the markets went through their turmoil in September 2008 and the banks ' risk was socialised , their relationship with society was suddenly turned on its head – they went from being the master class to wards of the state and now , finally , to enemies of the people .
" The bailout was the moment when society realised that our economies have become perverse : when we had socialism for the capitalists and capitalism for everyone else . "
If you detect a hint of glee in Lewis 's tone , you 're right .
This is a moment for which he has had to wait far longer than he ever expected – one which he says he finally began to think would never come .
" At some point I gave up waiting – there was no scandal or reversal , I assumed , sufficiently great to sink the system . "
Forgive him the loss of faith .
Two decades ago , after three gruelling years in the London office of Salomon , and having gathered sufficient material for Liar 's Poker , Lewis thought he needed to get the book out as quickly as possible once he had quit the bank in 1988 .
He could n't quite believe the " most absurd money game ever " would continue long enough for his account of it to feel relevant .
" I thought Liar 's Poker was a message in a bottle – that in 20 years ' time , no one would believe people behaved like that , " he says .
Lewis could not have been more wrong .
It would be more than two decades before he got to publish a sequel to Liar 's Poker chronicling the collapse of the money making machine for which he had watched the assembly line being built at Salomon .
The Big Short tells the stories of the small handful of investors who foresaw the collapse of American 's housing market – and the staggeringly enormous , blindingly complex financial contracts linked to it – and made more money than anyone in the history of Wall Street .
Some of those investors faced the same sort of nerves Lewis had felt when rushing to publish Liar 's Poker .
Steve Eisman , a New York hedge fund manager regarded as a maverick , was , by late 2005 , desperate to find ways to bet on a blow - up of the sub - prime mortgage market – he was convinced the implosion was so obvious that the rest of the world 's investment professionals could not fail to spot it coming , wiping out his chance to score big .
As it turned out , Lewis explains , Eisman need not have worried .
" A small number of people – more than 10 , fewer than 20 – made a straightforward bet against the entire multi-trillion - dollar sub - prime mortgage market and , by extension , the global financial system , " he writes in The Big Short .
" The catastrophe was foreseeable , yet only a handful noticed . "
In the years between the publication of Liar 's Poker and the collapse in 2008 that prompted The Big Short , the excesses of Wall Street had telescoped .
Salomon , Lewis 's former employer , had invented the mortgage bond – a group of mortgage loans parcelled up and sold on to investors – in the 1980s .
By the mid 1990s the sub - prime end of the market – the loans made to less creditworthy customers – was worth $ 30 bn a year or so .
By 2005 that figure had reached more than $ 500bn , with huge numbers of those bonds linked to mortgages taken out by borrowers in such dire financial straits that even the most unprincipled of lenders would never have considered advancing money to them few years previously .
The world had become surreal .
What was once metaphorically the case had become literally true .
In Liar 's Poker , Lewis used a wonderful aphorism : " In the land of the blind , the one - eyed man is king " ( meaning that even a little information is valuable , if you have more of it than the next guy in the market ) .
The Big Short tells the tale of one of Eisman 's contemporaries , a fellow gambler on a sub - prime disaster : Michael Burry really did have sight in only one of his eyes .
In one sense , these are the heroes of Lewis 's book and the credit crisis – the tiny handful of men ( and a couple of women ) who did not swallow Wall Street 's received wisdom .
" What I hope people will take away from my book is that I do feel very positively disposed to people who are prepared to stick their necks out , " says Lewis .
" But they 're complicated heroes : it is pretty sleazy to have made so much money from the collapse of the housing market , from the end of so many ordinary folk 's dreams . "
Why did n't more people – particularly those who might have warned the world about the impending disaster , rather than rubbing their hands with glee at the greatest money - making opportunity in history – see the crisis coming ?
" Wall Street was a Ponzi scheme that nobody wanted to look into more closely , " Lewis says .
" Look at Bernie Madoff : he pulled the wool over the eyes of investors for so long because people only wanted to look at his success , at the investors getting rich – they did n't want to understand how it was done , so he was n't found out . "
In fairness to those who might have been expected to look more closely , by the time of the crash , the bond market had long since spiralled out of control .
Most people outside of financial circles think of investment in terms of buying and selling shares – little slices of ownership – in companies .
That 's the stock market , a relatively well controlled environment that , size - wise , is piddling in relation to the bond market , where supervisory standards have always been weaker .
The genius , once - upon - a- time , of finance houses such as Salomon , Lehman Brothers , Goldman Sachs and others was to recognise the potential for the bond market – on which the debts of people , companies , public bodies and governments are traded – and , eventually , the derivative and insurance contracts linked to it .
Not only would it grow to be worth trillions of dollars , but regulators did not control it , or even require the most basic of disclosure standards
" Complexity and opacity baffled almost everyone , " says Lewis , who is nonetheless scathing about the watchdogs who allowed themselves to be so ignorant , the credit rating agencies who offered the banks a free pass , and the investors who bought ever greater amounts of investment products without having the first clue about what they were getting for their money .
" The regulators did absolutely nothing , " he says .
" They were content with a financial order in which even the CEOs of these giant Wall Street firms did not understand what their employees were doing .
" And as for the people who allowed themselves to be manipulated , it 's outrageous – why is no - one going after them ? "
What about Lewis himself , who has written regularly about the most complicated financial products – and , of course , worked in the business – and might therefore have been expected to sound an alarm bell ?
" My instinct is to defend all the journalists who cover this beat and who might have exposed this , " he says .
" The entire system was dumb . "
In fact , Lewis 's greater responsibility , much as he hates the idea , may be for having attracted people to places such as Wall Street and the City of London in the first place .
Lunching last year with his former boss , John Gutfreund , the once all - powerful master of the universe who ran Salomon , Lewis got a taste of some of the bitterness some on Wall Street feel about Liar 's Poker .
" I think we can agree about this , " Gutfreund told him .
" Your fucking book destroyed my career and made yours . "
But such anger is far from universal .
While Liar's Poker was intended as an exposé , an account of an environment in which greed and selfishness ruled and obese men threw telephones at the heads of their subordinates just for fun , the colour and vivacity it exuded was intoxicating .
So much so , that Lewis has met countless Wall Street professionals who say they were inspired to join the profession by reading Liar 's Poker .
" It is funny that people reacted that way – it is not what I meant to happen and I find it astonishing , " he says .
" For myself , I stumbled into a job on Wall Street and it made fantastic material , but I could just have easily wound up as an art critic . "
Stumble into the job he did , however , and for a short while he was even one of the " big swinging dicks " , selling great armfuls of those accursed bonds .
Lewis even admits that for a short period after quitting , he missed certain parts of his life on the trading floor :
" The collaboration and feeling at the centre of the flow of information , " above all .
Those days are long gone , however , and Lewis feels no guilt about the past as he enjoys life in Berkeley , California , as far away from Wall Street as an American might get , both physically and philosophically .
" My interaction with Wall Street was so superficial that I do n't even think about it any more , " he says .
" Wall Street 's bad behaviour was not my bad behaviour : I do not feel implicated . "
On the contrary , finally , he feels vindicated .
The Army Experience Center The Army is rebranding itself for a new generation -- and being picketed for enticing kids with violent video games .
The Army beat educators to using video games effectively for learning .
James Paul Gee is ...
2:54 Playing America's Army
The history of war and technological advance are inextricably linked .
P.W. Singer is the ... 2:39 The Military Invented the Internet .
What Next ?
Nicolas Sarkozy defended his ambition to impose a total ban on women wearing the full Islamic veil today , despite warnings that such a move could be anti-constitutional and socially incendiary .
As interior minister Michèle Alliot - Marie presented the bill to the French cabinet , the president reiterated his determination to crack down on a garment he considers to have no place in a secular society committed to women 's rights .
" We are an old country anchored in a certain idea of how to live together .
A full veil which completely hides the face is an attack on those values , which for us are so fundamental , " he told his ministers .
" Citizenship has to be lived with an uncovered face .
There can therefore be absolutely no solution other than a ban in all public places . "
The rightwing government is determined to push through legislation for a total ban and hopes to make it enforceable by spring of next year .
Declaring that " no one can wear a garment in public which is aimed at hiding their face " , the bill approved by the cabinet today envisages fining any woman in a niqab or burqa 150 euros .
As an alternative or possibly supplementary measure , they could also be made to take a course in the values of French citizenship .
Husbands or partners who make women wear a full veil face a fine of 15,000 eurosor a year in prison .
The legislation , the product of almost a year 's discussion and research by French MPs and the government , has focused attention on the country 's estimated 5 million Muslims , in particular the small minority of around 2,000 women who are thought to wear the niqab .
This week has seen tensions flare over the issue : last night the police had to be called in to break up clashes during a debate organised by the women 's rights group Ni Putes Ni Soumises ( Neither Whores or Doormats ) and disrupted by pro-Palestinian protesters .
In the western town of Trignac , according to a report in the local newspaper Presse Océan , a shopper tried to snatch the veil from the face of a Muslim woman who had allegedly hit her after hearing derogatory remarks being made about her niqab .
Although it has the support of the Elysée and most members of Sarkozy 's rightwing UMP party , the total ban is likely to come under fire from MPs of other political colours when it is debated in parliament in July .
Many opposition figures , while favouring a ban of some kind , have argued the proposed legislation is inapplicable and advocated a more moderate measure that would still allow the niqab on the street .
Their point of view has received the authoritative backing of the Council of State , France 's highest legal advisory body , which has twice warned that a total ban , even if approved by the parliament , would be built on shaky legal foundations and thusvulnerable to rejection by the constitutional council .
It was that body which threw out Sarkozy 's carbon tax just two days before it was due to come in effect on New Year 's Day this year .
There is something to be said about living in Wisconsin .
It is a beautiful state , especially this time of year , where the grass is green , a beautiful blue sky , and the beginning of festival season .
Sure , I was born in Indiana , but I really consider myself a Wisconsinite .
While growing up , cheese was in abundance , and still is to this day .
It was often a snack when coming home from school , and while hanging out at my friend Paul Karczewski ’s house , it was always there , I mean that was the snack .
Cheese and crackers … it ’s hard to beat .
If you ever travel to Wisconsin , you will notice cheese houses along the interstate .
They are everywhere , and are a real treat when you enter one .
All kinds of local cheeses are available , but when traveling , the best bag of cheese , is a bag of cheese curds .
Roughly the size of a large peanut , cheese curds are delicious nuggets of cheese in its natural state , typically in various shapes , and sizes before being shaped into a block of cheese .
They are really fresh , and in my opinion have a slightly different taste and texture than your normal cut of cheese from the block .
As they are great served as is , they are even better when you batter them and fry them .
Yes , I said it , battered and fried .
You often find fried cheese curds at the state fair or festivals , or in our case , a local food chain , known as Culver ’s .
These are so simple to make , and so delicious that you might have to walk away from them , that is , if they last that long on your dining table !
Let ’s get started .
Ingredients :
Fresh cheese curds , mixed cheddar , room temperature
2 cups of vegetable oil
12 oz of light beer
1 1/2 tsp baking powder
1 cup of all purpose flour
2 eggs
1 tsp salt
Add the oil to a medium pot , and bring to a medium - high heat .
In the meantime you can prepare the batter .
In one bowl add the flour , baking powder , and salt .
Mix .
In another bowl , beat the eggs and add in the beer .
Mix .
Combine the wet mixture with the dry mixture to form your batter .
Make sure you mix well to get any lumps out of the flour .
Once your oil is heated through , dip a handful of the curds into your batter .
I use a slotted spoon to scoop a few at a time , letting some excess batter strain , then carefully place them in the hot oil .
Fry them for only a minute or so , just until they turn a light golden brown .
If they go too long , the cheese will begin to come out , and that is ok , but it ’s better to keep the cheese in .
You will figure this out immediately .
If the oil is too hot , reduce the heat a bit .
Remove again with your slotted spoon , or cooking spider if you have one , and let them rest on some paper towel .
Repeat with your remaining curds , as many as you want to serve .
Serve them warm with your favorite sauce .
In my case , I went with a chipotle mayo sauce which was 1/2 cup of mayonnaise with one tablespoon of chipotle adobo sauce .
Cheese curds are a perfect example of the true beauty of Wisconsin , its cows , and its farmers .
Enjoy .
© Tom Toles
Now that the SEC has accused Goldman Sachs of securities fraud , are we going to find ourselves with a new category of company : Too Big to Jail ?
Or will their defense be more like this ?
© Walt Handelsman
UPDATE : Here ’s the best explanation I ’ve seen of the fraud charges against Goldman Sachs , and what they mean .
UPDATE 2 : Or it is much more fun to watch Jon Stewart explain the whole mess :
UPDATE 3 : Even conservatives say the Republicans are lying when they claim that financial reform will cause more bailouts .
Says Time Magazine ’s Mark Halperin
“ I cannot defend what they are doing .
They are willfully misreading the bill or they are engaged in a cynical attempt to keep the president from achieving something . ”
When ISC reader Josh realized that only five people at his firm had received the " legal threat " malware email that we reported on earlier , he started digging .
The targeting of the bad guys had been spot on , all five recipients were in fact involved in the handling of money for Josh 's employer , a large real estate firm .
Two were in cash operations , two in accounts payable , and one in treasury / finance .
After a couple minutes of googling , one potential culprit was found :
All five staff members were maintaining profiles on LinkedIn , and had their profile proudly proclaim a job title that made it patently obvious that they had access to the firm 's banking information .
Can any other of our readers corroborate this finding ?
If last week 's " Legal Threat " email also only targeted 2 - 5 specific users in your firm , and the targeting was very precise , please let us know if you have any indication on where and how the bad guys could have gotten their intel .
Muslim nurses CAN cover up ... but Christian colleagues can't wear crucifixes
Muslim doctors and nurses are to be allowed for religious reasons to opt out of strict NHS dress codes introduced to prevent the spread of deadly hospital superbugs .
The Department of Health has announced that female Muslim staff will be permitted to cover their arms on hospital wards to preserve their modesty .
This is despite earlier guidance that all staff should be ‘ bare below the elbow ’ after long sleeves were blamed for spreading bacteria , leading to superbug deaths .
Scrubbed up well : Surgeons in short sleeves washing hands before operation
The Department has also relaxed its ‘ no jewellery ’ rule by making it clear that Sikhs can wear bangles , as long as they can be pushed up the arm during direct patient care .
The move contrasts with the case of nurse Shirley Chaplin , who last week lost her discrimination battle against Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital Trust , which said the cross she has worn since she was 16 was a ‘ hazard ’ because it could scratch patients .
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous
1
Next Share this article Share
Mrs Chaplin , 55 , had worn the silver cross on a necklace since her confirmation .
But the employment tribunal told her that wearing a cross was not a ‘ mandatory requirement ’ of her faith , even though Muslim doctors are allowed to wear hijabs or headscarves .
Last night she said of the sleeve concession to Muslims : ‘ I do n’t believe my cross is a danger so this is double standards .
What can you say ?
It seems that life is stacked up against Christians these days . ’
Politicians and Christian leaders , including former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey , added that it showed the Government was prepared to accommodate minority faiths while Christianity was marginalised .
Lord Carey said of grandmother Mrs Chaplin : ‘ The Muslim voice is very strong , so politicians and others are scared of it .
We can only deduce that the hostility aimed at her is because she is a Christian . ’
The revised rules , which health officials insist will not compromise hospital hygiene , were drawn up after female Muslim staff objected to exposing their arms in public .
Since the original guidance was announced by the then Health Secretary Alan Johnson in 2007 , many hospitals have insisted that staff involved in patient care wear short sleeves at all times .
Banned : Nurse Shirley Chaplin is not allowed to wear a crucifix at work
Mr Johnson ’s initiative came amid growing concerns about the number of patients catching superbugs such as MRSA and Clostridium difficile .
Hundreds of people have died .
The guidance required staff coming into contact with patients to have their arms bare below the elbows , outlawing the traditional doctors ’ white coat .
Jewellery , other than plain wedding bands and ear studs , watches and false nails , were also banned to cut down the spread of bacteria .
But Muslim doctors and medical students said baring arms conflicted with the Koran ’s teaching that women must dress modestly in public .
In 2008 , several universities reported that Muslim medical students objected to the rules .
Leicester University said some Muslim females ‘ had difficulty in complying with the procedures to roll up sleeves to the elbow for appropriate handwashing ’ , while Sheffield University reported a case of a Muslim medic who refused to ‘ scrub ’ as this left her forearms exposed .
Birmingham University revealed that some students would prefer to quit their course than expose their arms .
A Muslim radiographer quit at Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading over the issue .
Yet Islamic experts are divided about how Muslim women should dress as the Koran is ambiguous on the matter .
The revised rules , issued on March 26 , make clear that staff can wear uniforms with long sleeves as long as they roll them up securely above their elbows to wash and when they are on the wards .
They add that staff who want to cover up completely when dealing with patients will be able to use special disposable ‘ over - sleeves ’ .
The guidance says : ‘ Where , for religious reasons , members of staff wish to cover their forearms or wear a bracelet when not engaged in patient care , ensure that sleeves or bracelets can be pushed up the arm and secured in place for hand - washing and direct patient care .
‘ In a few instances , staff have expressed a preference for disposable over - sleeves – elasticated at the wrist and elbow – to cover forearms during patient care activity .
‘ Disposable over - sleeves can be worn where gloves are used but strict adherence to washing hands and wrists must be observed before and after use . ’
The Department was unable to say last night how much extra it will cost the NHS to provide the disposable sleeves .
But 18in polythene over - sleeves are already on offer on the internet for about £ 7 for a pack of 200 .
The Department admitted in its new guidance that it had reviewed its rules because ‘ exposure of the forearms is not acceptable to some staff because of their Islamic faith ’ .
It added : ‘ We recognise that elements of the additional guidance could be seen to be introducing differing requirements for those to whom “ baring below the elbows ” presents no significant problem .
‘ We have considered the implications of this possibility but concluded that the overall purpose of the guidance , to ensure patient safety by adherence to good hand hygiene , is not prejudiced by the additional dress options that have now been identified . ’
Support : Lord Carey wrote to back Nurse Chaplin
Health officials drew up the revised rules on the advice of Islamic scholars and a group called Muslim Spiritual Care Provision in the NHS ( MSCP ) , which is part of the Muslim Council of Britain .
A working party was set up comprising two Health Department officials , a member of the Health Protection Agency , two female Muslim hospital chaplains , an Imam and two members of MSCP .
Yet campaigners for the rights of Christian nurses to wear crosses said the Health Department had failed to consult them adequately .
Mrs Chaplin lost her case on Tuesday despite being backed by the Christian Legal Centre and human - rights lawyer Paul Diamond .
She is not the only nurse to fall foul of health - and - safety laws .
Last year , Roman Catholic Helen Slatter , 43 , resigned as a blood collector at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital rather than remove her cross which her bosses said ‘ could harbour infection ’ .
Lord Carey , one of seven bishops to sign a letter supporting Mrs Chaplin at her tribunal , said the Government was guilty of ‘ double standards ’ .
‘ The NHS , British Airways and all the big companies seem to be tilting in one direction , ’ he added .
‘ If Muslims are getting these concessions , why not Christians ?
There should be the same rules for everyone . ’
Lord Carey , whose wife Eileen is a former nurse , added : ‘ In the case of Shirley Chaplin , she has been wearing her cross for 38 years and it has never injured anyone .
‘ So the argument for health and safety is very weak , very tenuous indeed . ’
Derek Butler , chairman of MRSA Action UK , a campaign group headed by respected microbiologist Professor Hugh Pennington , said : ‘ We welcomed the introduction of baring - below - the - elbows because we know that anything – whether it ’s jewellery , watches or wedding rings – can harbour bacteria which can in turn transfer superbugs between patients .
‘ My worry is that by allowing some medics to use disposable sleeves you compromise patient safety because unless you change the sleeves between treating each patient , you spread bacteria .
Scrubbing bare arms is far more effective .
‘ I ’ve seen doctors and nurses fail to change their gloves , and I ’ve no doubt this will see exactly the same thing happening .
These sleeves are just another risk , and you cannot take risks with patient safety . ’
Former Tory Minister Ann Widdecombe said : ‘ I do n’t mind if a Sikh nurse can wear a bangle if a Christian nurse can wear a cross .
If you have a rule you have to have it for all .
‘ There is no evidence that crosses are a serious health - and - safety risk .
That is just an excuse to discriminate against people of faith .
‘ Minority groups are unquestionably getting more sensitive treatment than Christians and this is yet more proof . ’
Dr Andrew Fergusson , of the Christian Medical Fellowship , which represents 4,000 doctors , said : ‘ For some reason , Christians in health care seem to be particularly vulnerable at the moment . ’
The Department of Health said : ‘ The revised workwear guidance gives further clarity to frontline staff about the need to have good hand hygiene when in direct patient care .
It does not change previous policy .
‘ The guidance is intended to provide direction to services in how they can balance infection - control measures with cultural beliefs without compromising patient safety .
Obama , personally making , oh , just a few notes on a speech .
Hank Steuver , of the Washington Post , notes on his own blog :
A photo like this is thrilling , gratifying and also terribly frightening to anyone who delivers his or her own writing to an editor .
( Or a group of editors . )
I wonder how this picture makes other people feel .
I see it and feel a swelling of pride — not in the president so much as in the hard work that goes into good writing .
But I also get a lurching feeling in my stomach .
I have marked up my own drafts like this , and , when invited , I have done the same for other writers .
( Though probably not to this extent . )
I certainly have received manuscript pages back from George Hodgman that looked like this .
When it comes back to you in this condition , you have to take a deep breath and just deal with each mark , one by one .
News
2010 Mercedes S - Class by Lorinser
08/05/2010 23:03 admin 7496 Global
08/05/2010 23:03admin7496 Print PDF RSS Feeds
Now a new Lorinser body kit for the facelifted 2010 model is available for sale .
The kit includes a new front bumper with a new spoiler , a small roof spoiler , a boot lid wing , discrete rear diffuser , side skirts and of course the typical Lorinser side vents .
Wheels are Custom RS8 provided in sizes 9x21 at the front and 10x21 at the rear .
For more sporty sound , sports mufflers can be inserted .
The 2010 Mercedes - Benz S- Class has been on the market since 2009 and features engines ranging from compact V6 petrols and turbo diesels to a mighty bi-turbo AMG V12 with 603hp .
Now a new Lorinser body kit for the facelifted 2010 model is available for sale .
The kit includes a new front bumper with a new spoiler , a small roof spoiler , a boot lid wing , discrete rear diffuser , side skirts and of course the typical Lorinser side vents .
Wheels are Custom RS8 provided in sizes 9x21 at the front and 10x21 at the rear .
For more sporty sound , sports mufflers can be inserted .
0
1
2
3
4
5 485 hp 800 hp GT - R Nissan Switzer tuning
Ian Tregillis 's stellar debut novel Bitter Seeds hits shelves today .
It 's a beautifully written and thoroughly researched alternate WWII history , the twist being that a mad German scientist has discovered a way to endow a group of sociopaths — raised from WWI orphans — with X - Men - like powers that have made the Wehrmacht unstoppable .
To counter this , a desperate Great Britain establishes a secret division composed of a tiny number of British warlocks — shades of Susanna Clarke 's Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell — men who use speech in a mystical Ur-language , accompanied by blood sacrifice , to call up vast , brutal elemental forces .
These forces , the Eidolons , loathe humanity and tremble in barely restrained rage at the stain we spread on the universe , but they can be bargained with , blood traded for elemental magick .
Tregillis writes and plots beautifully .
The characters — twisted German psychics , bitter warlocks , the brutal calculators of the British intelligence apparat — are complex , textured , surprising .
The physical descriptions are wonderful .
And the plot is relentless , a driving adventure story with intrigue , battle , sacrifice , and betrayal .
I had the extreme pleasure of teaching Ian Tregillis at the Clarion Workshop some years ago , and he was one of my most promising students , a standout in a year of standout writers .
So I am unsurprised — but totally delighted — to find myself reading such a tremendous debut from him .
This is the first volume of the Milkweed Triptych , and I 'm extremely eager to read the rest .
Bitter Seeds
' Shocking ' conditions at Tylenol plant
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The quality and safety violations that led to the shutdown of a Tylenol plant were extremely serious , and could lead to tough action by regulators on drugmaker Johnson & Johnson .
" It 's absolutely shocking , " said David Lebo , a professor of pharmaceutical manufacturing at Temple University in Philadelphia , referring to the Food and Drug Administration 's May 6 inspection report on the facility in Fort Washington , Penn. , operated by Johnson & Johnson 's McNeil division .
" This inspection report is pretty close to being the worst I 've seen .
It suggests that basically the FDA found an issue with almost every system at the plant , " said Lebo , who had previously worked for Johnson & Johnson 's pharmaceutical sourcing group in 2002 .
Lebo said he left that job after nine months because the work required too much travel .
On May 1 , McNeil recalled some 50 children 's versions of non-prescription drugs , including Tylenol , Motrin and Benadryl .
Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ , Fortune 500 ) has suspended production at the plant .
The FDA report listed 20 violations , which include 46 consumer complaints on the recalled products .
Johnson & Johnson has not revealed details of those complaints .
However , Congress has opened an investigation into the recall , and lawmakers have given both Johnson & Johnson and the FDA a May 17 deadline to hand over details about the consumer complaints and any other FDA inspection reports on the Fort Washington facility .
On Friday , the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform announced that it would hold a hearing on May 27 to examine the recall .
The panel said it had invited J&J Chief Executive William Weldon to testify .
The most damning , according to Lebo , was the charge that the plant " does not maintain adequate laboratory facilities for the testing and approval ( or rejection ) of components of drug products . "
The report also said that McNeil failed to follow up on 46 consumer complaints received from June 2009 to April 2010 " regarding foreign materials , black or dark specks . "
Neither the FDA nor Johnson & Johnson would provide more details about the complaints .
" When you get consumer complaints you want to make sure you at least investigate them , " said Albert Wertheimer , professor of health economics at Temple University .
The FDA also said that lack of proper controls in the manufacturing process led to some batches of infant 's Tylenol being " superpotent , " or having too much of some ingredients .
Also , the report noted that employees at the plant were not trained in current good manufacturing practices .
The FDA inspectors further detailed dusty and filthy conditions at the plant , including " incubators with a large amount of visible gray and brown dust / debris , large hole in the ceiling and thick dust covering the grill inside a filtered cabinet . "
In addition , the FDA said some drums used to transport raw materials to the Fort Washington facility were contaminated with a bacteria identified as B. cepacia .
Johnson & Johnson maintains that those contaminated drums never reached its plant and all finished products tested negative for the bacteria .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , B. cepacia poses little medical risk to healthy people .
However , those with certain health problems like weakened immune systems or chronic lung diseases , particularly cystic fibrosis , may be more susceptible to infections with B. cepacia .
It was unclear what action the FDA would take next , but the agency has said that it is considering a full range of actions .
One option is to shut down the plant completely .
Wertheimer said that would be a tremendous blow to Johnson & Johnson .
" The company would lose an enormous amount of market share in the over - the - counter drugs category , " he said .
Another option is that the FDA could issue a consent decree .
McNeil would be able to continue production at the plant , but would have constant third - party inspection .
" It 's a very expensive settlement for a drugmaker , " said Lebo .
David Rosen , who worked at the FDA for 14 years and now advises major pharmaceutical companies on FDA regulation and compliance , agreed .
" This is a very serious situation for the company , " he said .
" Having repeated recalls will cause reputational and trust damage for J&J , " he said .
The latest recall is Johnson & Johnson 's fourth in the past 7 months .
In November 2009 , the company recalled five lots of its Tylenol Arthritis Pain 100 count with the EZ - open cap product due to reports of an unusual moldy , musty , or mildew - like odor that led to some cases of nausea , stomach pain , vomiting and diarrhea .
In December , McNeil expanded that recall to include all available product lots of Tylenol Arthritis Pain caplet 100 count bottles with the red EZ - open cap .
In January , McNeil recalled an undisclosed number of containers of Tylenol , Motrin and other over - the - counter drugs after consumers complained of feeling sick from an " unusual " odor .
J&J spokesman James Freeman would not comment on how long the facility will remain shut .
However , in a statement emailed to CNNMoney.com , the company said it will not restart operations until " we have taken the necessary corrective actions and can assure the quality of products made there . "
Freeman also declined to comment on the number of employees at the plant or whether the workers are still on payroll .
President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela , who only recently signed up to Twitter , has rapidly risen up the ranks to become the top tweeter in the country despite having previously described the service as a " tool of terror . "
The leader has also hired hundreds of staffers to reply to tweets .
Chavez ( " Presidente de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela .
Soldado Bolivariano , Socialista y Antiimperialista " according to his bio ) has , at the time of writing , 239,994 followers and is included on 7,538 lists .
Presumably some of those lists also include people who are " threats to the open web . "
With " Verified Account " status on the service , Chavez follows just five others , but it 's unlikely the majority in Venezuela follow him — it was recently estimated that only 31 % of the country 's population have Internet access , although this figure has grown under Chavez 's rule .
However , it seems public engagement with the president 's new online presence has been high — more than 50,000 messages have been directed to him in the two weeks he 's been tweeting .
So how does Chavez find time to tweet to the people ?
A newly appointed team of 200 Twitter aides will help to lighten that load , reports the AP .
Chavez said of the new hires , " I 'm creating a team due to the avalanche of requests , and some grievances . "
Chavez has also changed his tune on Twitter since he joined and rose to become the number one user in Venezuela .
He now calls the service " a weapon that also needs to be used by the revolution . "
Image caption Birds see bees differently from humans
Bumblebees ' distinctive bright yellow and black stripes may not be what keeps them safe from their enemies , scientists say .
A UK study has shown that other aspects of bees ' behaviour may matter more than the classic bee colour to keep predators away .
This could be the way bumblebees fly or perhaps the buzzing sound they make , say the scientists .
The results of the study were published in the Journal of Zoology .
Scientists have long believed that once flying predators get stung by a bee , they remember their experience and in the future rely strongly on colour cues to identify their prey .
" The first time a bird eats a brightly coloured bumblebee it gets a nasty surprise .
Remembering the bee 's bright colours may help the bird to avoid making the same mistake again , " said Dr Nigel Raine from the School of Biological Sciences at Royal Holloway , University of London , a researcher on the study .
Birds perceive the world differently to humans , being able to see light in the ultraviolet range of the spectrum .
But they can still distinguish between different species of bees , explained the scientist .
So the researchers wanted to check if bees ' colours were the only thing that helped to warn off predators .
' Unexpected ' results
Dr Raine and his colleagues from the University of London set up a number of colonies from different populations of bumblebees in the UK , Germany and Sardinia .
Predators did n't seem to target the unusually coloured bees more than the native populations we tested Dr Nigel E Raine , University of London
Though some insects had similar colour patterns - bands of bright yellow , white , orange or red and regions of black , others looked quite different from one another .
" In the UK , they are yellow - and - black - striped with a white tip on the abdomen , but in the Canary Islands for example they do n't have any yellow bands at all - they 're just black and white , " said Dr Raine .
The scientists expected birds to rely on visual clues , meaning they would be more likely to attack bees that looked different from the ones they were used to .
" All our bees were individually numbered with tags on the back of the thorax , so that we could keep track of each individual that left and entered the nest , " said the researcher .
The scientists then counted how many bees did not return to their nest and compared the loss rate of different Bombus terrestris populations with different colour patterns in the same environment .
They got some rather unexpected results , said Dr Raine .
" Predators did n't seem to target the unusually coloured bees more than the native populations we tested .
Perhaps the bumbling way in which all bumblebees fly or their distinctive deep buzzing are more important clues to help would - be predators avoid a nasty sting , " he said .
His colleague Ralph Stelzer , the main author of the study and a PhD student at Queen Mary , University of London , called the findings surprising .
" The results mean that the explanation for the bumblebees ' colouration patterns is not as simple as previously thought , " he said .
The scientists believe that perhaps birds prefer not to take any chances - and to steer clear of all insects that look , sound or fly like a bumblebee to avoid being stung .
Karl Rove admits mistakes were made during the Bush years
The failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq damaged President George W Bush 's reputation , his former strategist Karl Rove says .
In his memoir , Mr Rove writes that he felt he should have done more to reject claims that President Bush lied about the existence of Saddam 's weapons .
He called his perceived failure one of the worst mistakes he made .
But he described the achievements of the Bush administration as " impressive , durable and significant " .
In his book Courage and Consequence , Mr Rove defended President Bush , saying that history would look favourably on the president 's two terms .
He said the president did not knowingly mislead the American public about the existence of WMDs , and described the 2003 invasion as a justifiable response to the terror attacks of 9/11 .
Al - Qaeda and Osama Bin Laden were behind those attacks , but the Bush administration linked Saddam Hussein to them to build support for an invasion .
" Having seen how much carnage four airplanes could cause , Bush was determined to do all he could to prevent the most powerful weapons from falling into the hands of the world 's most dangerous dictators , " Mr Rove wrote in his book , which is due out next week .
Katrina comment
He also defended the Bush administration 's response to Hurricane Katrina which devastated New Orleans and other areas in 2005 .
President Bush was criticised for his praise of Federal Emergency Management Agency administrator Michael Brown when he said " Heck of a job , Brownie " amid scenes of chaos .
The comment was not borne out of ignorance and incompetence as critics claimed , but was a statement of encouragement for an official under pressure , Mr Rove said .
Mr Rove was at the heart of some of the biggest decisions made by the Bush administration - and some of the biggest controversies .
Mr Rove was the chief strategist in President Bush 's two presidential election victories , a role that made him highly regarded by Republicans and reviled by Democrats .
Early in President Bush 's second term , Mr Rove was promoted to deputy chief of staff in charge of most White House policy co-ordination , including matters ranging from homeland security and domestic policy to the economy and national security .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A researcher at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev ( BGU ) conducted the first study of hand - clapping songs , revealing a direct link between those activities and the development of important skills in children and young adults , including university students .
" We found that children in the first , second and third grades who sing these songs demonstrate skills absent in children who do n't take part in similar activities , " explains Dr. Idit Sulkin a member of BGU 's Music Science Lab in the Department of the Arts .
" We also found that children who spontaneously perform hand - clapping songs in the yard during recess have neater handwriting , write better and make fewer spelling errors . "
Dr. Warren Brodsky , the music psychologist who supervised her doctoral dissertation , said Sulkin 's findings lead to the presumption that " children who do n't participate in such games may be more at risk for developmental learning problems like dyslexia and dyscalculia .
There 's no doubt such activities train the brain and influence development in other areas .
The children 's teachers also believe that social integration is better for these children than those who do n't take part in these songs . "
As part of the study , Sulkin went to several elementary school classrooms and engaged the children in either a board of education sanctioned music appreciation program or hand - clapping songs training -- each lasting a period of 10 weeks .
" Within a very short period of time , the children who until then had n't taken part in such activities caught up in their cognitive abilities to those who did , " she said .
But this finding only surfaced for the group of children undergoing hand - clapping songs training .
The result led Sulkin to conclude that hand - clapping songs should be made an integral part of education for children aged six to 10 , for the purpose of motor and cognitive training .
During the study , " Impact of Hand - clapping Songs on Cognitive and Motor Tasks , " Dr. Sulkin interviewed school and kindergarten teachers , visited their classrooms and joined the children in singing .
Her original goal , as part of her thesis , was to figure out why children are fascinated by singing and clapping up until the end of third grade , when these pastimes are abruptly abandoned and replaced with sports .
" This fact explains a developmental process the children are going through , " Dr. Sulkin observes .
" The hand - clapping songs appear naturally in children 's lives around the age of seven , and disappear around the age of 10 .
In this narrow window , these activities serve as a developmental platform to enhance children 's needs -- emotional , sociological , physiological and cognitive .
It 's a transition stage that leads them to the next phases of growing up . "
Sulkin says that no in - depth , long - term study has been conducted on the effects that hand - clapping songs have on children 's motor and cognitive skills .
However , the relationship between music and intellectual development in children has been studied extensively , prompting countless parents to obtain a " Baby Mozart " CD for their children .
This study also demonstrates that listening to 10 minutes of Mozart music ( .i.e. , the ' Mozart Effect ' ) does not improve spatial task performance more than 10 minutes hand clapping songs training or 10 minutes exposure to silence .
Sulkin also found that hand - clapping song activity has a positive effect on adults : University students who filled out her questionnaires reported that after taking up such games , they became more focused and less tense .
" These techniques are associated with childhood , and many adults treat them as a joke , " she said .
" But once they start clapping , they report feeling more alert and in a better mood . "
Sulkin grew up in a musical home .
Her father , Dr. Adi Sulkin , is a well - known music educator who , in the 1970s and 1980s , recorded and published over 50 cassettes and videos depicting Israeli children 's play - songs , street - songs , holiday and seasonal songs , and singing games targeting academic skills .
" So quite apart from the research experience , working on this was like a second childhood , " she noted .
Sys - V init has long been the standard solution for booting .
It 's kind of easy to work with , it kind of works and everybody kind of knows it .
However , being open minded , let 's look at an alternative approach .
There are quite a few alternatives .
All of them focus on improving boot times .
This is accomplished by starting and running different processes simultaneously and asynchronously .
Doing type of boot attempts to use all ( more ) parts of the hardware simultaneously and avoid having to wait for slow hardware .
In an embedded setting , one more factor to look for is keeping the footprint and number of processes down ( each process comes with an overhead - albeit small ) .
One of the alternatives that I 've looked at is minit by Felix von Leitner of diet - libc fame .
What can it do ?
Well , the most basic feature is that it can start services and takes dependencies into account , e.g. it waits for the network to be up before it starts the web server .
It also does respawning and handles ctrl+alt + delete .
Being the brain child of von Leitner , it is also minimalist ( to the extreme ? ) and works with diet - libc .
So , how does it work ?
The configuration lives in /etc / minit , where each sub - directory contains one or services .
Each service is configured from a number of symlinks and text files , all listed in detail in this howto .
Basically , you create a symlink called " run " pointing at the program to start , a text file called " depends " with the names of any prerequisite services , an empty file called " respawn " if the service is to be respawned upon termination , and so on .
Having configured all your services , create a directory called " default " and add a depends file there listing your services .
That will kickstart the system .
Image courtesy of http://www.flickr.com/photos/livingos/
/ CC BY - SA 2.0 . Original : at Flickr .
MOSCOW — Baby - faced , she looks barely a teenager .
But the pistol she is holding in the photograph suggests the violent destiny that she would choose : blowing herself up in a subway station in Moscow during the morning rush on Monday .
And posing with his arm around this 17 - year - old woman is the man who would put her on this path , a 30 - year - old militant leader who lured her from her single mother , drew her into fundamentalist Islam and married her .
He was killed by federal forces in December , driving her to seek revenge .
On Friday , as the photograph circulated widely , the couple turned into an unsettling symbol of Islamic militancy in Russia — deeply repugnant to most people but also likely to be embraced by other extremists as a propaganda coup , a kind of Bonnie and Clyde of the insurgency .
The story of the woman , Dzhanet Abdullayeva , from Dagestan , a volatile , predominantly Muslim region of southern Russia , near Chechnya , speaks to the challenges facing the Kremlin as it vows to stamp out the armed underground .
Harsher measures can backfire , further radicalizing a population alienated by endemic poverty and corruption .
And men are not the only threat .
Yes !
Now you too can climb the corporate ladders from being a low - life temp ending up as a ruthless executive .
All this and more in “ Corporate Chutes & Ladders ” , the new smash hit board game for the entire family !
( But preferably you should print this out and play it with colleagues during work hours . )
Did Q - 13 Fox Suppress Police Brutality Video ?
Posted earlier and moved up .
A freelance videographer who filmed Seattle police stomping an innocent Latino man ’s head against the concrete and threatening to “ beat the fucking Mexican piss out of you , homey , ” says that Q - 13 , the local affiliate of Fox News , refused to air the footage because they did n’t want to hinder access to police sources .
The photographer , Jud Morris , then sold that footage to KIRO Television , which aired it last night — sparking an uproar about apparent police misconduct and triggering an internal police investigation — but Q - 13 is now gearing up with lawyers , claiming that footage was illegally stolen and neither KIRO nor the photographer has rights to the video .
To prove that they own the footage , Q - 13 provided a copy of the raw video to The Stranger , which we ’ve embedded in a YouTube video below .
In it , you can see a Seattle Police Department ( SPD ) officer stomping a Latino man ’s head against the concrete , another officer stomping the man ’s kneecap against the pavement , and the first cop threatening to “ beat the fucking Mexican piss out of you ” while responding to an alleged robbery outside the China Harbor Club on Westlake Avenue on April 17 .
Officers released the man when they realized that he was n’t involved in the crime ( which Slog wrote about at the time here ) , and the bloodied suspect then spoke to the photographer .
This is the raw footage filmed by photographer Jud Morris :
Q - 13 insists the footage is theirs and they are considering taking legal action .
Morris was working for Q - 13 that night , using a Q - 13 van , filming with a Q - 13 camera , and a time slip shows that he was on the clock when the incident was filmed , says Q - 13 news director Steve Kraycik .
“ It ’s illegal .
You ca n’t take the property of another television station — a video in this case — and sell it to another media outlet and then air it , ” he says .
“ They do n’t have the rights to that video . ”
But that ’s Q - 13 ’s side of the story .
Morris says the video is his and KIRO insists they got the video fair and square .
According to Morris — who works as a freelancer photographer , or “ stringer , ” and then sells the footage to several local television stations — he finished working early on April 17 and left the Q - 13 station in his own vehicle , with his own camera .
He says he filled out his time sheet at the beginning of the week , but he left before the hours were up because he was trying to avoid overtime .
He saw a bunch of cop cars take off and he filmed the incident .
But when he tried to sell the footage to Q - 13 the next day , he says , they refused to air it .
“ I was told flat out … that this video will not go to air — we will not air it , ” Morris says .
“ They said it is not that egregious .
Those were the exact words . ”
Morris believes Q - 13 rejected the footage because the station has strong ties to the SPD and law enforcement throughout the state , such as airing a show called Washington ’s Most Wanted , which profiles fugitives in the state .
“ I said I know about our relationship with the police because of Washington 's Most Wanted , but it ’s time to get out of bed , ” Morris says .
Airing the video on Q - 13 “ would affect their relationship with the police .
KCPQ 's top concern is their relationship with the police . …
Because of their relationship with police , they are in a position where they get scoops and stories that nobody else gets .
They work so closely on that all the time .
They are just not willing to let that go , even if it means not reporting real news . ”
More after the jump .
KIRO echoes some of those concerns and absolves itself of wrongdoing .
“ As far as I ’m concerned we bought this video from a stringer legally .
It ’s our video .
And we think it ’s news , ” says KIRO news director Todd Mokhtari .
“ He was clear that it was his equipment .
He even brought it over .
We have signed documents from him to release the rights to us . ”
Both sides have lawyered up .
“ They threatened us with their lawyer , ” says Mokhtari .
“ So we let our lawyers know .
But it was not a question about whether we were going to run the story . ”
More to the point , KIRO thought it was big news : “ I do n’t know why they would pass on this story , ” Mokhtari says .
Q - 13 says the station had n’t run the story yet — recorded on April 17 , three weeks ago — because they were still considering it .
“ We were in the process of vetting this story ourselves and had made no decision whether we were going to run it , ” says Kraycik .
Claims that the station blocked it to maintain privileged access to the Seattle police “ is simply not true .
That is flat out not true . ”
As for claims that Morris was using his own truck and own equipment , Kraycik says , “ I believe that is false . ”
He says Q - 13 cameras are digital and the footage had been downloaded to the Q - 13 computers .
“ But the crux of this case , " Kraycik adds , " is that while paid as a per diem employee and working an assigned shift , you are an employee of our television station and we retain all right to material that you shoot . ”
There was no contract , however , and only an agreement between the station and Morris .
“ We made it clear to Mr. Morris when he was hired that when employees of television stations are on the clock , the video you shoot is the property of the television station . ”
Morris , in contrast , says he was not on the clock after he left the station and the Q - 13 vehicle was being repaired so he used his own vehicle ( his time card says he was on the clock , but he says he could n’t go back to fix it because the station fired him ) .
“ My agreement with KCPQ was always that if it was shot out of my camera and a shot my truck , it was my property . ”
Today , Mayor Mike McGinn and interim police Chief John Diaz were concerned by the video .
" I watched the video and found it disturbing , " McGinn wrote in a statement .
" Chief Diaz has informed me that SPD and the Office of Professional Accountability are investigating the incident . "
Morris is glad the footage is out .
" I saw this .
I filmed this .
He had no alcohol on his breath .
He was dazed by a blow to the head , and the public needs to see this . "
Defiant pro-Palestinian activists are pressing ahead with a David and Goliath style plan to break the Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip .
The flotilla of eight ships has already set sail and includes four cargo ships , a privately - chartered Turkish passenger ferry and 600 people .
It has been organised by the Free Gaza Movement , which says it is vital humanitarian aid for the people of Gaza .
But first the vessels will have to get past the Israeli Navy , which plans to intercept the convoy and confiscate the cargo .
Activists face being detained or arrested .
“ The Israeli Defence Force is following the government ’s order to prevent the entrance of this provocative flotilla into the shores of Israel , ” said Israeli military spokesperson Lieutenant Colonel Avital Leibovich .
“ We have no problem whatsoever if those goods were sent the usual way to the Ashdod port and we will pass it over to the Gazans after taking care of all the security checks . ”
Israel has dismissed the flotilla as a cheap political stunt and has rejected Turkey ’s suggestion that the cargo be treated as humanitarian aid .
A German man has unofficially married his cat after the animal fell ill and vets told him it might not live much longer , Bild newspaper reports .
It says Uwe Mitzscherlich , 39 , paid an actress 300 euros ( £ 260, $ 395 ) to officiate at the ceremony , as marrying an animal is illegal in Germany .
Mr Mitzscherlich said he had wanted to tie the knot before his asthmatic cat Cecilia died .
The cat and groom have lived together for 10 years .
" Cecilia is such a trusting creature .
We cuddle all the time and she has always slept in my bed , " Mr Mitzscherlich , a postman from the eastern town of Possendorf , told Bild .
Actress Christin - Maria Lohri , who officiated the ceremony , was quoted as saying : " At first I thought it was a joke .
But for Mr Mitzscherlich it's a dream come true " .
What are the chances of that !
Son , father and grandfather all born on same day
A family has defied the odds to have a son , father and grandfather all born on the same day .
When Benjamin
Fox arrived in the world on May 8 he shared the same birthday as not only his father Lee but also his grandfather Harry .
Bookmakers have worked out the odds of three generations of the same family all having boys born on the same day as 272,910 to one .
Harry his son Lee and Lee 's baby son Benjamin who all share the same birthday - May 8 .
Bookmakers calculated the odds of it happening as 272,910 to one
David Williams a spokesman for Ladbrokes said : " It 's an incredibly rare thing to happen .
If the family had put a bet on it before Benjamin was born they would be very rich now . "
Benjamin's proud dad Lee , 35 , a insulation engineer from Romford , Essex , said he was stunned when a midwife revealed at three months that his baby was expected to be born on his birthday of May 8 .
He said : " When they did the scan and the measurements and worked out the baby would be born on May 8 I just said ' No way , that 's my birthday and my dad 's too ' .
" We were told first babies rarely arrive on their due day , they can be early and late so we never thought for a moment that the baby would be born on mine and my dad 's birthday . "
His 33 - year - old partner Lisa Baker , who works for a city bank , was rushed into King George 's Hospital in Ilford was in labour for 36 hours before baby Benjamin arrived weighing in at a health 7lb 2oz .
She said : " I was in labour for 36 hours , we joked that he was holding on so he could be born on May 8 .
" The staff were all brilliant and were so pleased for us . "
Lee added : " We did n't know we were having a boy so it was such a lovely surprise and it was even more special that he shares mine and my dad 's birthday too .
" He really was the best birthday present ever .
When Benjamin get 's older I think it will be worth having a bet that he will have a son born on May 8 . "
Benajamin's dad Lee was born on May 8 1975 weighing 7lb 12oz and his grandfather was born on May 8 1949 weighing 7lb 2oz .
Proud grandfather Harry Fox , 61 , a retired contractor who lives with his wife Janet , 65 , added : " The odds of one family having boys all born on the same day must be very long .
" It was lovely when Lee was born on my birthday .
I thought that was a coincidence but I was on the golf course when I was told out Benjamin had been born on my birthday too , it 's absolutely incredible .
" We are going to have some brilliant birthday parties in the future . "
Let me make a postulate :
In a democracy , if there is a legislative proposal that would significantly benefit 80 percent of the population and cost them nothing , and that would be paid for by a insignificant tax on the richest 20 percent of the population , who themselves would receive some benefit from the added tax , that proposal would be overwhelmingly approved .
If you accept that postulate , you would have to conclude that the US is no longer a functioning democracy .
Look at the latest study out of the Senate Special Committee on Aging titled : " Social Security Modernization : Options to Address Solvency and Benefit Adequacy . "
That just - released report , prepared by committee staff with the help of the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service , lays out the shortfall facing Social Security as America 's Baby Boomer population begins to retire .
It concludes that the alternative to raising the retirement age to 70 from the current 66 , increasing the already onerous Social Security payroll tax by another 1 % of income for both employees and employers , and reducing the annual cost - of - living adjustment for benefits by 1 % ( meaning retirees would fall further and further behind the cost of living each year ) , would simply be to eliminate the cap on the income that is subject to the Social Security tax .
Let me make that clear by putting it another way .
The committee report states that if the Social Security tax applied to all income instead of just the first $ 106,000 , as things stand now , then Social Security would be completely funded at least through 2075 .
In fact , instead of a $ 5.3 trillion shortfall , there would be a 16 % surplus !
The report states that even if those wealthy folks who had their higher incomes taxed were able to collect higher benefits -- as much as $ 6000 a month in current dollars -- the added tax dollars raised would still ensure that the system would remain funded through 2075 and beyond .
Yet despite this obvious solution , we are continually warned in grave tones by the corporate media , by members of Congress , by President Obama and by Wall Street hucksters like Peter Peterson , that Social Security faces a crisis .
We are continually told that benefits will have to be reduced , especially for current workers .
We are continually told that the retirement age will have to be raised , so that people who work at strenuous , stressful , mind - numbing jobs will have to wait until they are 70 to slow down and spend time with their families .
How in hell would you explain this in a high school civics class ?
Social Security , surely the single most popular program to come out of the New Deal in the 1930s , is currently the only thing keeping 44 percent of America 's elderly out of poverty .
Nearly a third of its benefits are paid to poor children who have lost the wage earner in their family , to widows , to the permanently disabled and to the extreme elderly .
Twenty - five percent of beneficiaries depend upon Social Security payments for 90 % of their incomes , thanks to the failure of most employers to offer any kind of a pension to their workers .
This is , in short , a critical program that protects our elderly , our disabled and our poor .
And it ensures everyone a basic income in their old age -- an average of $ 1300 per month for life -- and with very little overhead .
Yet this program , currently underfunded , is in danger now .
It is threatened not because of demographic changes , but because of corporate lobbyists and ideologues who want it killed .
And these twisted , greedy people are desperately trying to keep the vast majority of American people who are depending upon Social Security for their old age from doing the logical thing , which is to tax the rich and make them and their employers pay the same flat rate that they pay on their income -- 15 %-- so that the system will be secure indefinitely .
In a real , functioning democracy , this would be simple .
No candidate for federal office would dare to suggest cutting benefits and raising Social Security taxes , and all would be calling for making the rich pay their fair share .
This is , after all , not even about progressive taxation .
It 's about a flat tax , long beloved on the right , on all income ( and in fact , the committee was just talking about wages , not about investment income , which if subjected to the Social Security tax , would allow for a reduction in the current Social Security tax rate ) .
If we can't get this simple thing right with the government we have , we need a new government .
If the shameless scare - mongering over Social Security is n't a cause for rebellion , for a wholesale " throw the bastards out " rejection of the rat 's nest of corporate whores currently filling the halls of Congress , I do n't know what would be .
Then again , if the American public is so catatonic that it cannot recognize its own interest , maybe we should all just hang it up and admit that democracy in America is a lost cause .
Introduction
Us , Hero owners , have been waiting for an OS upgrade for a loooooong time , since the phone got released last October with Android 1.5 .
At first , we were hoping for 1.6 , then 2.0 , and finally 2.1 was promised ( " Totally for real this time , yo " - said Sprint and HTC but we saw nothing ) .
Other phones kept getting 2.1 upgrades but our favorite
Hero saw only promises after promises with release dates pushed further and further back .
Android 2.1 On HTC Hero
Therefore , when a Hero Android 2.1 build got [ inadvertently - oh , the drama with these leaks ! ] leaked online , and an Android ROM hacker by the name of damageless ( hi damageless ! ) incorporated the code from the leak into his ROM , called DamageControl , we knew the finish line was near .
But who wants to wait for Sprint to push us to the finish line when damageless has already done it ?
So I grabbed my Hero , did a full backup which I described in great detail here , downloaded the latest version of the DamageControl ROM , and flashed my senile and laggy 1.5 Hero to 2.1 in 15 minutes , not knowing what to expect and praying for a miracle .
And let me tell you - it delivered beyond my expectations .
Having played with Android 2.1 on my Hero for the last couple of days , I have come up with a list and a whole barrage of screenshots showing what you can expect when you finally upgrade yours .
Here we go .
Note : Some features listed here may not match the final version exactly when it 's released due to optimizations done by damageless and other contributors or Sprint / HTC making last minute changes to the code .
Some features listed here may not match the final version exactly when it 's released due to optimizations done by damageless and other contributors or Sprint / HTC making last minute changes to the code .
Another note : I may point out some features as new compared to 1.5 just to realize later that they 've always been there .
Since I only have one Hero , I do n't really have a quick way to compare 1.5 and 2.1 side by side , so please bear with me and call me out on things .
I may point out some features as new compared to 1.5 just to realize later that they 've always been there .
Since I only have one Hero , I do n't really have a quick way to compare 1.5 and 2.1 side by side , so please bear with me and call me out on things .
HTC Hero With Android 2.1 - New Features And Improvements
Responsiveness , Lag , Speed , Battery
The phone was immediately blazing fast .
And I mean BLAZING , as in 0 lag - I 've never seen my Hero like this , it 's as if someone replaced its guts with those of a Nexus One .
.
And I mean - I 've never seen my Hero like this , it 's as if someone replaced its guts with those of a Nexus One .
I 'm not sure how much 2.1 itself has to do with it and how much the absence of most of my apps does ( though not that many used to run in the background when I had 1.5 ) , but the user experience has improved vastly and my frustration pretty much disappeared .
The biggest improvement I noticed was in the area that needed it the most - the Dialer .
My biggest complaint about the Hero was the most annoying lag in the Dialer , which made me miss incoming calls when the phone was too busy doing f!#*- all , misdial people after I hang up because the Dialer would take 3 - 5 seconds to update the recent caller list take ages to hang up or switch to speaker The Dialer is lightning fast now !
This includes picking and hanging up , switching to speaker , and seeing how fast the recently dialed list updates .
.
My biggest complaint about the Hero was the most annoying lag in the Dialer , which made me
The default browser still chokes on complex pages , does n't cache properly , and in general sucks speed - wise .
As always , install Opera , Dolphin , or another browser for better experience .
on complex pages , does n't cache properly , and in general sucks speed - wise .
As always , install Opera , Dolphin , or another browser for better experience .
The keyboard seems more responsive but still lags at times more often than I 'd be OK with .
seems more responsive but still lags at times more often than I 'd be OK with .
Battery life is excellent , definitely better than before but this could be because I have n't set up my 4 mail accounts yet .
Sense 2.1
Sense still comes with 7 home screens - not much has changed .
- not much has changed .
Finally the cool weather effects on top of the home screen are enabled .
To see them , just turn the screen on and do n't touch anything .
You can see the clouds starting to spread over my home screen in the 2nd screenshot .
on top of the home screen are enabled .
To see them , just turn the screen on and do n't touch anything .
You can see the clouds starting to spread over my home screen in the 2nd screenshot .
There is a new 5 - block widget called Power Control that controls Wi -Fi , Bluetooth , sound , sync , and brightness .
No airplane mode or mobile network control on the widget - meh , I prefer those individual Sense widgets that let me do this instead .
called that controls Wi -Fi , Bluetooth , sound , sync , and brightness .
No airplane mode or mobile network control on the widget - meh , I prefer those individual Sense widgets that let me do this instead .
Settings now include colorful icons .
There is a new Sense feature called Leap .
Leap shows you all 7 screens at a glance , so you can quickly jump to the one you want .
Check out the screenshots of Leap in action in the 2nd row below .
You can trigger Leap 2 different ways : use the zoom out multitouch gesture ( pinch in ) on any of your home screens or press
Home when you are already on the main home screen .
.
Leap shows you all 7 screens at a glance , so you can quickly jump to the one you want .
Check out the screenshots of Leap in action in the 2nd row below .
You can trigger Leap 2 different ways :
Live Wallpapers
They were included but damageless stripped them out of DamageControl for performance reasons , and I am kind of glad he did .
Live wallpapers are notoriously taxing on the battery , so I would n't want to use them anyway .
If you really want live wallpapers in DamageControl , you can download a patch from here .
Text - To - Speech
More voices are supported - Android 1.5 only supported the robotic male voice , I believe .
In Android 2.1 , both American English and British English are female voices that sound a lot more human .
Finally - everyone around me was starting to get sick of a robot announcing incoming phone numbers .
Keyboard
The speech - to - text option is now present everywhere .
Whenever a keyboard appears , you can dictate .
I love doing this to SMS messages and emails , for example .
You can finally edit , delete , and add words into the user dictionary !
In Android 1.5 , you could only clear the whole dictionary - all or nothing .
The smilie face button here is a custom option on this ROM which can be disabled ( see the DamageControl Specific Things section below ) .
The keyboard is snappier than on 1.5 but still lags sometimes .
Sync Points , Accounts
More than one Google account is supported !
Supported accounts are : Google .
Weather .
Facebook .
Facebook for HTC Sense ( thanks - way to confuse a first - time user , no idea what the difference is ) .
Flickr .
Twitter .
Exchange ActiveSync .
Pressing on a contact 's picture now brings up a quick menu for faster dialing / texting / emailing action .
Market
An updated , white UI to replace the black gloomy one of the 1.5 .
to replace the black gloomy one of the 1.5 .
App thumbnails are now present - 2 per app !
are now present - 2 per app !
Featured sections now change and slide around by themselves .
There are now 3 ways to browse the Market : Top paid Top free Just in
You can have the phone notify you of updated apps - I do n't believe this option was available in 1.5 .
Search works the same way , except the search button is present on every screen in the Market .
Applications
These 3 screens show all pre-installed applications , plus a few extras that I 've added .
The Goggles app was not included by default but Facebook was ( though it may be specific to this ROM ) .
Google Maps And Navigation
There is an app called Navigator that loads the menu you can see in the first screenshot .
It looks very pretty .
that loads the menu you can see in the first screenshot .
It looks very pretty .
Google Maps now includes Navigation with voice prompts and street view images .
You pretty much use the Maps app the same way as before , except now there is an extra button called " Navigate " above the directions .
with voice prompts and street view images .
You pretty much use the Maps app the same way as before , except now there is an extra button called " Navigate " above the directions .
There are extra layers now , such as Gas Stations , Restaurants , and even Google Buzz .
now , such as Gas Stations , Restaurants , and even Google Buzz .
Each layer can be selected individually - this way you can have multiple layers enabled at the same time .
this way you can have multiple layers enabled at the same time .
There is even support for Labs with the following apps : Scale Bar Terrain Layer Popular Categories Layer Button Traffic with Labels My Location Button Bubble Buttons Measure Buzz Dark Map for Buzz
with the following apps : I just tested this and yes , the Navigator does pause background music if it 's playing when it needs to speak , then starts the playback again when it 's done giving instructions .
Calendar
The calendar got a new look for the month view that shows a " busy bar " for each day .
that shows a " busy bar " for each day .
All added Google calendars are supported - I do n't remember if 1.5 supported this many .
3D Gallery
Build by Cooliris which specialize in cool - looking fluid galleries .
Unstable - crashed on me and failed to generate thumbnails for 2 of the 3 photos I took .
I am not sure if I should blame the application or the ROM for this .
If it works , it 's very slick - you can drag the slider on the bottom to fast forward or rewind very fast .
Sliding the folders around and clicking on them is very fluid .
- you can drag the slider on the bottom to fast forward or rewind very fast .
Sliding the folders around and clicking on them is very fluid .
Slideshow is available .
Browser
There is multitouch in the default browser - I 'm fairly sure we already had this in 1.5 .
Laggy and slow on even medium sized pages - meh !
Get an aftermarket browser , such as Opera or Dolphin .
Nothing else exciting - obviously no Flash support , yet .
VPN Support
VPN support was definitely not present in 1.5
PPTP , L2TP , L2TP / IPSec PSK , and L2TP / IPSec CRT supported
Security
You can now set a master password to protect stored credentials .
I am not sure if this was present in 1.5 but I do n't remember seeing it .
Camera
An updated UI .
Umm , in the vertical view , all menus slide sideways .
I understand if this was only happening in camcorder mode but hellooooo , HTC , ever heard of vertical photos ?
Visual Voicemail
A new interface .
A new feature to send a voice message back to the person who left you a voicemail ( 2nd button on the left ) .
I believe this will only work with customers on a supported network , i.e .
Sprint but I 'm not 100 % sure .
News And Weather App
Comes pre-installed and refreshing every 6 hours .
I recommend going to the settings and turning it off if you 're not planning on using it .
.
I recommend going to the settings and turning it off if you 're not planning on using it .
Has weather powered by The Weather Channel .
powered by The Weather Channel .
Also has various news topics you can select , such as Top Stories World US Business Sci / Tech Entertainment Sports Health
you can select , such as You can make a custom topic ( how about " Android " ) ?
Desk Clock
Clicking on the clock now brings up something called Desk Clock , which has a more polished look and 2 additional buttons .
, which has a more polished look and 2 additional buttons .
These buttons make your phone into a desk clock in either day or night ( dimmed ) modes .
The rest of the clock app - timers , alarms , etc are exactly the same as before .
Lock Screen
Shows date , time , next set alarm , and exact battery percentage .
Miscellaneous
The phone now vibrates briefly when your call connects .
The keys in the Dialer still have haptic feedback even if you turn haptic feedback off .
This " feature " came in the previous Hero upgrade and seems to have stuck around .
There is an option called " Quiet ring on pickup " to reduce ring volume automatically when you move the phone .
I tried to use this option but it did n't work for me .
DamageControl ROM Specific
Things
The DamageControl ROM comes rooted ( read about what root is all about here ) by default , along with the Superuser Permissions app pre-installed .
( read about what root is all about here ) by default , along with the Superuser Permissions app pre-installed .
The Superuser Permissions app lets you control which requests that require elevated permissions should be allowed by displaying an " Accept , Accept Always , Reject , Reject Always " dialog .
app lets you control which requests that require elevated permissions should be allowed by displaying an " Accept , Accept Always , Reject , Reject Always " dialog .
Send Bug Report and Log Collector apps that allow you to send bug reports and related logs to the ROM author - damageless .
and apps that allow you to send bug reports and related logs to the ROM author - damageless .
DC
Updater which allows updating to the newest version of DamageControl with one click , without losing any data .
which allows updating to the newest version of DamageControl with one click , without losing any data .
There are a whole bunch of custom tweaks that can be enabled .
These tweaks can be found in Settings >
Language and keyboard >
Touch input .
Here are some of them : enable space bar in url keyboard a smiley button instead of the hide keyboard button swipe down to hide keyboard disable capitalization ( a lot of people have been asking for this option ) swipe left to delete last word a whole bunch of prediction options no auto add words to dictionary custom vibration length ( in ms ) swipe right for voice input export / import user dictionary
that can be enabled .
These tweaks can be found in Settings >
Language and keyboard >
Touch input .
Here are some of them :
Conclusion
Well , that was a lot to take in , was n't it ?
I 've discussed pretty much every new feature in Android 2.1 on the Hero , so now all you have to do is wait till 2.1 officially arrives or go flash the DamageControl ROM right now .
If you liked this review , you can make sure you will see more of them by following us on Twitter at @AndroidPolice and subscribing to our RSS feed .
Do n't hesitate to leave us a comment with your thoughts .
Go right ahead , tell us what you think .
The Design for America Winners Share
This :
The Design for America contest led to the most compelling , interesting visualizations of any of our contests .
With about 72 entries , the design community stepped up and showed amazing ways for us to view government and imagine new ways for government to serve citizens .
The category most illustrative of how government could work is probably the best Redesign of a .
Gov Website .
We had a lot of great entries in the category – including this wonderful redesign of the Social Security Administration , and a great upgrade of DOL.gov , but the one that really took the cake was a redesign of IRS.gov .
This design was great not only because it was strikingly beautiful , but because it used imagination .
It did n’t seem bound by what was currently on IRS.gov , but rather showed the viewer what the IRS could do .
Amazing work .
The transformation of complex process into great imagery was also something we hoped for here at Sunlight .
The “ How A Bill Becomes a Law ” category did n’t disappoint .
Every entry in this category was amazing .
The one that won in the end was the one that combined beauty with complexity .
It ’s beautiful , and too big to embed on this blog .
But check out the whole thing .
It ’s amazing .
I have to say , the best illustration of the Senate Rules was my idea .
I think it is n’t right that the rules are complex enough that it takes a person a lifetime to learn to really master .
Ellen Miller , my boss , thought it was a terrible idea .
The category got one entry , but that entry is really good .
And even has a mobile version .
It ’s a great visualization of how the Senate actually works .
So we ’re fortunate that the only entry was a great one .
While it won nothing , a special honorable mention has to go to Regina Holliday .
She took to the streets and painted great art with the Community health data .
A real , actual , wonderful painting .
While the judges did n’t select it , it deserves special mention .
It ’s beautiful and inspiring .
What did win the Health data challenge was County Sin Rankings which allows you to calculate how sinful your particular county is based on data from our nation ’s health indicators .
It ’s by our old friends and multi-contest winner Forum One .
The Best Design of Sunlight Data ended up in a tie .
The Cool Kids at the White House was a spectacular animated beautiful app , and Who Paid Them uses Java to allow people to investigate how money is influencing our Representatives .
An even tie also happened with data about US Spending .
Is Washington Bankrupting America got a split vote from the judges , vs Pitch Interactive ’s visualization of government contracts vs. media coverage in individual agencies .
Nicholas Felton picked Making A Full Recovery as the best visualization for Recovery data .
The artwork gives people new views into the data from Recovery.gov .
And Kevin Hale selected the US Passport Form redesign for the best redesign of a government form .
All in all , our winners were wonderful– each entry is a different vision of how government could be .
Each entry either shows us how government could look or how government does work .
Thanks so much to Adobe for sponsoring our contest , along with our other sponsors , Google , Palantir , Techweb and O’Reilly .
Working with them has been fantastic , and we really appreciate their longstanding support .
Ein neuer Sturm weht über das Land .
Er heisst „ Langweile in der Rest - BRD “ und spült täglich Teenager und Tweens an die kantige Küste der Hauptstadt .
Überheblich und voller Lebenslust raffen sie sich auf und ziehen ihre schicksten Klamotten an , um sich mit dem Einheimischen ( also dem , der letztes Jahr hierhergezogen ist ) anzufreunden .
Nur um dann festzustellen , dass Berlin nicht Schnackenburg ist und selbst die langweiligsten Menschen hier in Coolness gebadet wurden .
Was die Zugezogenen nicht wissen : Der Kampf um den Platz an der Spitze der Szene ist härter umkämpft als die letzte leere Bierflasche Samstagnachts am Kotti .
Das regelfreie Berlin hat also doch bestimmte Grundsätze , zumindest , wenn man in der „ It - Crowd “ sein möchte .
Aber nicht verzweifeln .
Auch du kannst cool sein .
Frischfleisch aufpassen , hier kommt der Lehrgang zum Berliner Szenemenschen :
Outfit : Unbedingt , und zu aller erst , muss ein Jutebeutel angeschafft werden .
Nein , nicht die von gängigen Supermärkten , sondern einer , der schon mindestens 10 Jahre alt ist und einen obskuren 90er Jahre Aufdruck ( sehr beliebt ist „ Der grüne Punkt “ ) hat .
Je seltener und älter der Jutebeutel , desto besser .
Er dient Männern und Frauen gleichermaßen als Handtasche oder Biertransport .
Der Jutebeutel ergänzt den Billg - Look und ersetzt das Motto - T - Shirt der frühen 2000er .
Der Jutebeutel ist ein nicht zu unterschätzendes Statussymbol .
Frauen und Männer decken sich mit Röhrenjeans und Leggins von American Apparel ein , dem einzigen Laden , in dem noch von der Stange eingekauft werden darf .
Keine Angst , liebe Moppelchen , wenn ihr nicht in die „ One Size Fits All “ Strumpfhosen passt ; diese Textilien , die in ihrem Ursprungsland für Kik - Preise verkauft werden , sind so teuer , dass sowieso nicht viel Kleingeld für Essen übrig bleibt .
Zusätzliche Accessoire werden ausschließlich in kleinen Boutiquen , auf dem Mauerpark - Flohmarkt oder in Second Hand Läden besorgt , darunter riesige Sonnenbrillen , die das ganze Gesicht verdecken , und am besten auch einen alten Gameboy mit dem Spiel „ Tetris “ .
Empfohlen sind ironisch getragene T - Shirts , also eigentlich völlig inaktzeptable Motive ( Tribals , Three Wolf Moon , Micky Maus ) .
Â Â Sehr wichtig , und zu jeder Jahreszeit getragen : ein Schal , der mit einem kleinen Schwung um den Hals gewickelt wurde .
Location :
Um authentisch zu wirken , sollte man nicht dem Pfad der Studenten folgen und die eingerannten und mittlerweile völlig überteurten Pseudo - Szeneviertel Friedrichshain und Kreuzberg aufsuchen .
Besser ist es , Viertel auszuwählen , die noch keinen Stempel außer „ dreckig und billig “ tragen .
Perfekt eignet sich dafür zur Zeit der Norden Neuköllns sowie der Wedding , der zwar härter ist , aber keinen Ost - Charme besitzt .
Sobald man sich für einen Stadtteil entschieden hat , der zum nächsten Szeneviertel werden soll , muss man sich auch die passende Wohnung suchen .
Idealerweise dritter Stock mit unverbautem Ausblick auf den Fernsehturm , Altbauwohnung mit hohen Decken und Dielenboden .
Die Zimmer müssen spärlich möbiliert bleiben , um spontanen Parties den Freigang zu lassen , der notwendig ist .
Optimal ist das Zimmer mit einer Matratze , einem ( alten , vom Antikmarkt gekauften ) Kleiderschrank und einem Mac und Bose - Lautsprechern ausgerüstet .
Wer Ikea kauft hat schon verloren , da es sich hier um Massenanfertigungen handelt .
Popkultur : Anfängern sollte davon abgeraten werden , sich in Diskussionen über Popkultur einzubringen .
Gute Musik und gute Filme werden nach ihrem Bekanntheitsgrad ausgewählt , daher sollte man sich angewöhnen , bei neuen Songs oder Bands erst einmal zu schauen , wie viele Plays sie bei Last .
FM schon haben .
Bands , die unter 500 Mal gespielt wurden oder nur 20 - 50 Hörer haben , können gerne erwähnt werden .
Bei Filmen verhält es sich ähnlich , doch können bestimmte sich Themenfelder darüber hinwegsetzen .
Das gilt vor allem für Filme , die sich mit Drogen , realistischer Gewalt oder tatsächlichen Begebenheiten beschäftigen .
Als Faustregel gilt : je älter , desto besser .
In der Musik heisst das vor allem „ britische The - Bands “ , also The Cure , The Smiths , The Clash oder Old School Authentic Hip Hop wie NWA und die Beastie Boys .
Auch immer funktioniert Animal Collective .
Keiner weiß , wieso .
Bücher sind die einzige Möglichkeit , gebildet zu wirken , da jedes Gespräch zu Arbeit ( sofern man eine hat ) oder Studium ( sofern man überhaupt noch hingeht ) als uninteressanter Spießer - Small - Talk abgewertet werden .
Daher sollten vor allem Nietzsche und Kerouac gelesen und zitiert werden .
Als leichte Kost gelten die „ alten “ Sachen von Chuck Palahniuk .
Also alles außer Fight Club .
Party : Nicht lächeln !
Ein latent gelangweilter Gesichtsausdruck mit einem halb - arroganten Blick ist absolut kritisch , um zu überzeugen .
Die Musik auf einer Party muss immer als schlecht bewertet werden .
Wenn es sich um Animal Collective handelt , muss mindestens „ der Sound “ oder „ die Soundanlage “ , abgekürzt auch „ Anlage “ als schlecht hervorgehoben werden .
Anders , als man es noch in der Schule im Heimatdorf gelernt hat , ist Ziel der Party nicht , Konversation zu führen , sondern besonders oft fotografiert zu werden .
Strikt untersagt sind Kameras aus der gewöhnlichen Produktion .
Hier das Ranking der zu benutzenden Apparate , angefangen mit dem beliebtesten Gerät um Coolness zu demonstrieren :
( originale ) Polaroidkamera
Analoge Spiegelreflexkamera
Analoge Wegwerfkamera ( in bunter Farbe )
Digitale Spiegelreflexkamera
i Phone Handykamera
„ Digi - Cam “
Handykamera
Wichtig ist es , dass man auf den Bildern gelangweilt , lethargisch und atemberaubend gut aussieht .
Auf Parties sollte man deshalb immer mindestens ein Oberteil ( für Männer besonders empfohlen ein „ V - Neck “ ) von American Apparel tragen .
Jutebeutel ( mit Sterni - Bier oder Club Mate , da authentischer ) nicht vergessen .
Man sollte davon absehen , mit Freunden für ein Bild zu posieren , da man weder Freunde haben noch Enthusiasmus zeigen sollte .
Spaß ist verboten .
Niemals , unter keinerlei Umständen , darf getanzt oder gar mitgesungen werden .
Auch Sport Bars oder Locations , von denen Touristen potenziell erfahren könnten , sind verpönt .
Â Veranstaltungen sollten meist in seltsamen Spelunken statt finden , auf keinen Fall aber in trendigen Szenebars , um Originalität zu demonstrieren .
Sobald eine Party mit Flyern beworben wird , lohnt es sich nicht mehr hinzugehen .
Â Doch egal , unter welchen Umständen , die Nacht muss dennoch von Sonnenuntergang bis Sonnenaufgang verbracht werden , um Standkraft und auch Langweile beweisen zu können .
Job : Der Szenemensch in Berlin hat im Bestfall keinen Job , sondern wird von Mami und Papi unterstützt .
Er rebelliert gegen diese Großzügigkeit , indem er sich keinen Audi A5 , sondern ein Fixie mit ähnlichem Preis kauft .
Selten kommt es vor , dass man trotzdem arbeiten muss .
Schafft man es als DJ , Model oder Digital BohÃ¨me , hat man alles richtig gemacht .
Im Zweifelsfall in schäbigen Kneipen barkeepern .
Das Bildungs - und Lebensziel sollte auf jeden Fall der Höhepunkt des Hedonismus sein .
Wer dieses Fundament wahrt , kann nichts mehr falsch machen .
Für die kleinen Tücken des Alltags und Anfängerfehler hier eine abschließende Liste mit kleinen Pro-Tipps :
Converse , auch bekannt als „ Chucks “ , sind nicht alternativ und auch nicht cool .
Dreckige Turnschuhe ?
Ja. Chucks ?
Nein .
Sogar deine kleine Schwester trägt Chucks .
Du bist jetzt in Berlin !
Niemals , niemals , niemals , darf man sich selbst als „ Hipster “ oder „ Scenester “ bezeichnen .
Hipster müssen für den krampfhaften Versuch , „ cool “ oder „ in “ sein zu wollen , verachtet und verurteilt werden , da jeder Versuch auf das Defizit in ihrer Authentizität hinweist .
Wer nicht magersüchtig ist , aber mindestens eine Modelfigur hat , sollte es lieber mit Emo oder Punk versuchen .
Auf Nachrichten , egal ob über Facebook oder per SMS , darf erst einige Stunden , vielleicht auch Tage später geantwortet werden .
So vermittelt man , dass man beschäftigt ist , wahrscheinlich mit einer spannenden Party oder einer interessanten Ausstellung .
Kaffee nicht von der Stange , sondern handgebrüht vom Herd oder einen starken , „ echt italienischen “ Espresso , der Speiseröhre und Magenboden völlig vernichtet .
Zum Frühstück gibt es prinzipiell höchstens eine selbstgedrehte Zigarette .
Fahrräder sollten alt sein , bestmöglich Fixies ohne Gangschaltung , Bonuspunkte gibt es wenn auch die Bremsen nicht funktionieren .
Menschen mit Handygürteln müssen auf der Stelle gepiesackt und gehänselt werden .
Nach einer gewissen Warmlaufphase sollte man sich an die Klamotte der 80er Jahre orientieren .
Schrille , neon - bunte Kleider für Frauen und kurze Sport - Shorts für Männer ( inklusive Stirnband ) sind sehr beliebte Accessoires für die , die schon eine höhere Stufe erreicht haben .
Männer sind damit beraten , immer ein rot -schwarz kariertes Flanell - Hemd zur Hand zu haben und unrasiert zu bleiben .
Der Prenzlauer Berg , auch „ P - Berg “ oder „ Schwabenviertel “ genannt , ist kein geduldetes Szene - Viertel sondern die Ausgeburt an Spießertum .
Prenzlauer Berg is the new Charlottenburg , daher sollte man nur für große Ausnahmen diese Gegend aufsuchen .
Sollten all diese wichtigen Punkte berücksichtigt worden sein , sehe ich keine Probleme in den richtigen Berliner Einstieg .
Merke : alles ist ironisch gemeint .
Und wenn man etwas mal gut finden sollte , dann findet man es eigentlich schlecht .
Und andersherum .
The C++ Standard Committee has been hard at work defining the next version of the language .
Here ’s a provisional list of changes to be included :
For consistency with strings , integers have been split into built - in constants of type int ( 3 , 100 , 0xFF , etc. ) and the std :: integer class .
The class has operator overloading to make math easy .
The built - in int type no longer has these operators .
Constants must be cast to the class for the operators to work : Before : 5 + 6 After : std::integer(5 ) + 6
Note that the 6 does not have to be cast because the + operator is overloaded to take integer constants , conveniently casting them for you .
This new consistency between integers ( and floats , doubles , char , bool , etc. ) and strings will reduce confusion .
Functions often want to return pointers to local variables , or pass pointers to local variables to other functions .
This is n’t safe because when the stack is unwound , those pointers are no longer valid .
This has been fixed in the new standard by extending the lifetime of local variables indefinitely .
The programmer is responsible for releasing the memory explicitly .
For example : int add ( int a , int b ) { std :: integer sum = std ::integer(a ) + b ; delete &a ; delete &b ; int sum_value = sum.c_int ( ) ; delete ∑ return sum_value ; }
The local variable sum was explicitly freed .
Note that the parameters also had to be freed .
Did you spot the bug ?
The local variable sum_value was returned ( by value ) , but its address was never freed , resulting in a memory leak .
APIs will have to be carefully documented to specify whose responsibility it is ( caller or callee ) to free both passed - in parameters and returned values .
Addresses can be returned by reference parameters to pointers to variables , but remember to free those pointers too .
Current C++ compilers must maintain complicated data structures of the functions that are declared or used in each source file , in order to generate the appropriate binary object files .
In order to reduce this burden on the compiler , footer files have been introduced .
These are files that are included at the bottom of a .cpp file , which summarize all functions that are defined or used by that file .
The format is somewhat different than a traditional .hpp file ( because the needs of the compiler are different there ) .
The standard recommends the extension .fpp for declaring these methods and their signatures .
To remove the confusion over the distinction between the NULL constant , the 0 constant ( for pointers ) , and C++0 x ’s nullptr constant , and to increase type safety , the null constant is now a template : MyClass * ptr = std::pointer_constants<MyClass *>::null( ) ;
Implementing the Singleton Pattern ( Gamma et al ) requires writing the boilerplate method to create a single instance .
To facilitate this common pattern , the language introduces the keyword old .
The program should create one instance of the object at start - up : MyClass * ptr = new MyClass ; and other methods can get a reference to that instance using the following construct : MyClass * ptr = old MyClass ;
If there are several instances of MyClass in the heap , it is undefined which one is chosen .
If there are no instances , a null reference is returned ( see previous item ) .
Be careful to not accidentally get a reference to an object on the stack .
The Nissan Leaf is proving the validity of the electric car market by becoming one of the most hotly pre-ordered cars in production .
The total pre-orders in the USA and Japan currently total 20 % of the Leafs ( yes , surprisingly that is the correct plural ) first production run , many are hoping that this is going to open the somewhat sluggish eyes of the automotive industry and result in a boost of 100 % electric cars over the next few years .
The Leafs main rivals will of course be the Toyota Prius and the Chevy Volt , both hybrid electric cars rather than pure electric .
Toyota has been very public about its belief that the world is not ready for a “ range limited ” electric car and wo n’t be offering a plug - in version of the Prius until next year , even then we will only be looking at a 13 mile range on batteries alone .
The Chevy Volt will offer plug - in capabilities and has a range of 40 miles ( give or take ) on it ’s lithium - ion battery pack .
The Volt comes in at $ 32,500 after federal tax credits which pitch it ahead of the Leaf which is selling for $ 25,000 after that same tax credit .
It does appear that Nissan ’s electric vehicle strategy is paying off in a big way , we wo n’t know until next year for sure but it does appear that they have tapped into the same market that made the EV1 such a runaway success all those years ago .
Right before GM killed it and proceeded to bankrupt itself making a few other , similarly not - so - brilliant decisions .
Perhaps not too surprisingly , Nissan stock ( NQB : NSAN.Y ) has been rising slowly over the past week , it ’ll be interesting to see where it goes from here .
If you ’d like to grab a Leaf , head over to the main Nissan site and hit the pre-order button .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity -
Nissan Leaf Specifications and Price
Base Price – $ 32,780 ( not including $ 7,500 tax credit )
Dimensions
Length : 4445 mm / 175.0 in .
Width : 1770 mm / 69.7 in .
Height : 1550 mm / 61.0 in .
Wheelbase : 2700 mm / 106.3 in .
Performance
Driving range over : 160 km/100 miles ( US LA4 mode )
Max speed ( km/h ) : over 140 km / h ( over 87 mph )
Motor
Type : AC motor
Max power ( kW ) : 80kW
Max torque ( Nm ) : 280Nm
Battery
Type : laminated lithium - ion battery
Total capacity ( kWh ) : 24
Power output ( kW ) : over 90
Energy density ( Wh/kg ) : 140
Power density ( kW/kg ) : 2.5
Number of modules : 48
Charging times : quick charger DC 50 kW ( 0 to 80 % ) : less than 30 min ; home - use AC200V charger : less than 8 hrs
Battery layout : Under seat & floor
Via Wired
When I was growing up , my mother always hung clothes out to dry , sometimes even in the winter .
Where I currently live , there 's not really a place to install a clothesline that would catch any wind at all ( I could put one at the edge of our property where it would catch a little wind , but this would really disrupt the open area our children use to play ) .
A clothesline is one thing I definitely wish to have when we eventually move to the country .
So I sometimes use an alternative solution .
I simply hang up a clothesline from our laundry room over to the guest bedroom , taking up part of the hallway in our basement .
On that line , I can hang quite a few clothes without a problem .
It takes most of a day to air dry them - this is aided on windy days when I can open all of the windows and doors in the basement to help the process .
Given the time that this takes compared to just tossing the clothes into the dryer , is it really worth my time ?
Let 's run the numbers a bit to find out .
The " Saving Electricity " website reports that the average dryer uses 3.3 kilowatt hours of energy and estimates an average of 11 cents per kilowatt hour .
A small load of clothes takes about 45 minutes in the dryer , so the cost of that load is $ 0.36 .
When I hang up my own line , I can hang up about three small loads of clothes at once on it .
This is on average - I can do a bit more if it 's mostly my clothes and a bit less if it 's mostly kid 's clothes , but the three loads per line is a good calculation .
That means that filling up the line and letting it air dry saves about $ 1.08 .
Is it worth it ?
The real question comes from how long it takes me to do it .
I can string up the line in about fifteen seconds , and I can hang a load 's worth of clothes in about two minutes or so - it 's really not that hard .
I probably spend another fifteen seconds opening up doors and windows to maximize air drying , so the total extra time investment for that $ 1.08 is about six and a half minutes .
This means that if I repeated this exercise about nine times , I 'd end up devoting about an hour to hanging up laundry and I 'd save $ 9.96 .
As always , that 's $ 10 an hour after taxes - you do n't have to take income tax out of those " earnings . "
There are a couple other factors worth considering here .
Dryer sheets
If you 're hanging up the clothes , you 're not using dryer sheets .
I usually use a quarter cup of vinegar in the rinse cycle as our laundry softener , so this is n't really a concern for us , but if you use dryer sheets , you 'll either be abandoning them ( a savings ) or switching to something else .
I encourage you to try vinegar - it seems to soften really well and does n't add any smell to the clothes .
The environment Anything that cuts down on home energy use is a good thing and dryers certainly suck down the juice .
Of course , if you 're opening windows for the purpose of air flow , you might also be doing this to help you keep the air conditioning off , which is another big environmental ( and financial ) boon .
We try to resist using our air conditioner except during the day on particularly hot days , so opening the windows here is a natural thing to encourage air flow .
To put it simply , hanging up laundry is a decent but not world - beating saver .
It 's worth doing particularly if you have environmental concerns for doing so , but other factors can easily trump it ( like air conditioning , for instance ) .
I , for one , like the smell of air - dried clothes quite a lot and it's a good , repetitive activity that lets my mind wander in creative directions while doing it , so I think I 'll continue to hang laundry on a fairly regular basis .
I just want to say thank you all for all your hard work on my case .
I ’m so happy with the results .
Mr. Freibott and his staff did an outstanding job .
I just wanted to let you know I did not forget about everything you did for me .
– Lisa R .
I have a million percent faith in what you do .
You guys are amazing .
If I can ever do anything for you guys , please let me know .
Thank you so much .
Truly appreciate all you and everyone there does !
– Jason Y .
Thank you to everyone in the office .
You are the best and I will make sure if anyone needs you , I will send them to you !
– B. Simpson
Dear Fred : I hope you do n’t mind me calling you by your first name .
I ’m old enough to be your father , so I ’ve taken the liberty .
I just want to express to you and your staff how much I appreciate your successful effort on my behalf .
My late wife , Joan , was equally grateful .
The Freibott staff never failed to answer all of my questions fully and clearly and with the utmost courtesy .
– Pat M .
Everyone at your office has been wonderful and so helpful .
Due to my experience with your office , I will always refer people to you .
I want to thank everyone for all their hard work and helping me through this incident .
– Bonita S .
I am eternally grateful for all that you did for me .
Thank you for looking out for my interests and if I ever need you guys again in the future , I wo n’t hesitate to call you or recommend you to my friends if they are ever in a similar situation like I was .
– Bayron R .
You guys are the best , from all the staff to Fred Freibott , they are very professional and proficient on everything they do .
Always calling me to see how I am doing .
From day one , you came all the way to the beach to my house for the first meeting .
They treated me with the utmost respect and still do to this date .
Thank You Fred and staff for all you hard and professional work .
– Jay F .
I have had such an excellent experience with your office .
Everyone is great and I am always impressed when I speak to someone in the office and they are always able to help me and address my needs .
I previously had to deal with another law firm and always got stuck in somebody ’s voicemail who would only occasionally get back to me .
If I find anybody who needs a lawyer , I am going to send them your way .
– Phillip D.
Every time I have a question , the Freibott Law Firm is there for me .
They are great people !
– Jason Y .
Three entrepreneurs are offering a share of their life ’s income in exchange for cash upfront and have banded together to form the Thrust Fund , an online marketplace for such personal investments .
Kjerstin Erickson , a 26 - year - old Stanford graduate who founded a non-profit called FORGE that rebuilds community services in Sub -Saharan African refugee camps , is offering 6 percent of her life ’s income for $ 600,000 .
( quoted here ) .
A closer look reveals that this is more of clever marketing play to interest donors in supporting a philanthropy .
What , for example , does Kjerstin want do with the money ?
She writes :
Some people may think that it 's crazy to give up a percentage of your income for the sake of scaling a nonprofit venture .
But to me , it makes perfect sense .
Well it does make perfect sense for Kjerstin but not so much for a profit - seeking investor ( moreover any income would be taxed twice , a problem with equity financing in general but especially so here without corporate tax breaks . )
Investing in just one entrepreneur is also risky – why not subdivide the investment and invest in many ?
Jeff at Cheap
Talk raises a larger but closely related issue , " Why do n’t we replace student loans with student shares ? "
In fact , Milton Friedman advocated income contingent loans in 1955 .
The counterpart for education would be to " buy " a share in an individual 's earning prospects : to advance him the funds needed to finance his training on condition that he agree to pay the lender a specified fraction of his future earnings .
In this way , a lender would get back more than his initial investment from relatively successful individuals , which would compensate for the failure to recoup his original investment from the unsuccessful .
There seems no legal obstacle to private contracts of this kind , even though they are economically equivalent to the purchase of a share in an individual 's earning capacity and thus to partial slavery … One way to do this is to have government engage in equity investment in human beings of the kind described above .
… The individual would agree in return to pay to the government in each future year x per cent of his earnings in excess of y dollars for each $ 1,000 that he gets in this way .
This payment could easily be combined with payment of income tax and so involve a minimum of additional administrative expense .
The base sum , $y , should be set equal to estimated average–or perhaps modal–earnings without the specialized training ; the fraction of earnings paid , x , should be calculated so as to make the whole project self - financing .
Another Nobelist of a more liberal stripe , James Tobin , helped to implement an income - contingent tuition program at Yale in the 1970s .
Alas , the program was terminated largely due to rent - seeking when many
Yale graduates become so successful that the repayment amounts became substantial and the nouveau riche chose to default ( also here ) .
Bill Clinton later tried to take the idea national but it did n't get very far in the United States .
( Not coincidentally Clinton had been a beneficiary of the Yale program . )
Australia , however , implemented an income contingent loan program in 1989 .
Australian students do n't pay anything for university when they attend but once their
income reaches a certain threshold they are charged through the income tax system .
Many other countries are experimenting with income contingent loans .
Hat tip to Alexander Ooms .
Tj Rehmi is a pioneer of Asian Fusion .
His style of mixing is unique in that he uses tabla , sitar , breakbeat , guitars , and extreme rythmic music .
View wiki
Beat a raw egg white into a citrusy cocktail and you get a meringue - like effect , frothy and delicious .
The resulting beverage — technically classified as a flip or fizz — is irresistible , not just to cocktail connoisseurs but to regulators and food cops .
On January 19 , 2010 one of New York 's cocktail hot spots , the Pegu Club , got in trouble with city health department officials for serving just such a drink .
Despite warnings printed on the menu , and raw egg white listed in the ingredients , a health inspector busted a bartender for failing to verbally inform a customer of the risky ingredient .
Pegu Club had to yank the Earl Grey MarTEAni from the menu , restoring it only after the health department backed off serious penalties and a court summons .
America is in the midst of a cocktail renaissance .
A cadre of elite mixologists in New York , Portland , D.C. , and other creative - class cities is bringing back classics and offering new twists on old techniques .
Yet retrograde health inspectors and bureaucrats are cracking down on innovation from coast to coast .
Indeed , a San Francisco bar ran afoul of regulations by having the audacity to make its own bitters .
Todd Thrasher is an award - winning mixologist at PX Lounge in Alexandria , Virginia .
In this video , he speaks with Reason.tv about the perils of doing booze business in Virginia , the virtues of free choice at the bar , and the relationship between freedom and innovation .
All while mixing up a swank fizz cocktail for his interlocutor , Reason Senior Editor Katherine Mangu - Ward .
And for those inclined to play the home version of Reason.tv , here 's the recipe for Melanie 's Pisco Pipe Dream :
1.5 oz Pisco
.75 oz coconut Water / coconut milk mixture
.75 oz sweetened Meyer lemon juice
. 25 oz citrus vinegar
white of one egg
1 tsp powdered sugar
Put all contents in a shaker and dry shake ( without ice ) for 30 seconds .
Add ice , and shake for 1 minute , double strain into a coupe glass and garnish with Meyer lemon - black pepper reduction .
Relax and enjoy responsibly .
Shot by Dan Hayes and Meredith Bragg , who also edited the piece .
Approximately 8 minutes long .
Scroll down for embed code and downloadable versions .
Subscribe to Reason.tv's
YouTube page and receive automatic notification when new material goes live .
Nintendo hyped up Star Fox 2 and the leaked beta shows the game was near completion .
Actually , Dylan Cuthbert , developer and now founder of Q Games , says it was “ fully completed . ”
So , why did n’t it come out ?
Cuthbert sheds some light on the situation .
Star Fox 2 was fully completed .
I was lead programmer and whilst Giles made Stunt Race FX , myself and the rest of the original Star Fox team ( i.e.. Nintendo ’s artists and designers ) expanded Star Fox into a full 3d shooting game .
We used state - of - the - art technology such as arbitrary plane clipping ( which has only been seen recently in such games as Crash Bandicoot 2 & 3 ) to create some rather spectacular effects .
( for the time )
The reason for non-release was the then impending Nintendo 64 , which of course was intended to be released a lot sooner than it actually was .
Miyamoto - san decided he wanted to have a clean break between 3D games on the SNES and 3D games on the new superior 64 bit system .
In retrospect , he could have released Star Fox 2 and there would have been over a year and a half before the N64 came out .
But hindsight is always 20 /20 .
Star Fox 64 incorporated a lot of the newer ideas we created in Star Fox 2 but it did n’t , in my view , take the genre a full step forward .
Star Fox 2 really was a different direction of gameplay .
This quote was captured from an excellent Star Fox 2 retrospective written by SNES Central , which archived it from Emulatorium .
Check out the article for a more detailed history of the game and analysis on the various prototypes .
WASHINGTON — Democrats controlling the House are seeking to pad President Barack Obama 's war funding request with $ 23 billion to help school districts avoid teacher layoffs .
They 're also pressing for $ 6 billion to make up for a funding shortfall in Pell grants for low - income college students and lesser amounts to hire border patrol agents and help Mexico fight drug cartels .
The money is included in yet - to - be - released war funding legislation that 's headed for a committee vote on Thursday .
In the Senate , which is considering companion war funding legislation , Republicans are poised to try to add billions of dollars to boost security along the U.S. - Mexico border .
The bipartisan press for additional money comes despite promises of election - year belt tightening .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Basically , opinion of Obama 's job performance ( sans Rasmussen ) has not changed in months :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Unlike Santa , the Easter Bunny is n’t afraid to completely freak children out in broad daylight .
( submitted by Mallory )
House GOP members unveiled a Reddit - like website Tuesday that lets users submit and rank policy ideas in categories ranging from national security to " American values . "
" It gives Americans a voice in changing the way Washington works and the policy it pursues , " Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( R - California ) , said Tuesday on a video posted atop the site , Americaspeakingout .
But how loud will that voice be ?
And will lawmakers listen to it ?
McCarthy , who spearheaded the site on behalf of the Republican minority party , said lawmakers would n't automatically adopt the most popular ideas .
" It 's not American Idol , " McCarthy told CNN .
What 's more , according to its terms of service and privacy policies , the site 's admins may remove any content for whatever reason – giving the GOP a censorship option to keep the site on a rightward track .
Presumably , if liberals start voting up proposals like " legalize gay marriage " or " put terrorists on trial , " the House Republicans can quietly delete it .
( Reddit is owned by Condé Nast )
See Also :
The Caps picked Ovechkin first overall in the 2004 draft , but because a labor dispute led to the cancellation of the following season , he did n’t join the team until 2005 .
In his very first game , he scored two goals and checked an opponent into the boards so hard that a support holding up the Plexiglas at the end of the rink was knocked out .
But despite Ovechkin ’s presence , his rookie season was another dismal one for the Caps , who finished with a losing record and in the basement of their division .
In November 2007 , the team hired a new coach , Bruce Boudreau , a likable , schlubby , moon - faced man who is in many ways the epitome of old - time Canadian hockey culture — a lifer who spent most of his career until then playing and then coaching in the minors , where he was sometimes known as Dirt , for his lack of hygiene .
But Boudreau quickly instituted an aggressive , up - tempo style that perfectly suited Ovechkin , and he was smart enough to let Ovie be Ovie , even if that meant letting him skate longer shifts than his linemates .
“ At first I was a little bit in awe — I had to keep pinching myself , ” Boudreau told me before the Olympics .
“ Every night the guy does something that will wow you .
He may not have a great game every time , but if he ’s not scoring , he ’s hitting , and if he ’s not hitting , he ’s scoring . ”
The closest Boudreau has come to criticizing his franchise player was last December , when he gently suggested that Ovechkin might want to rein himself in a bit .
This was after Ovechkin , who once said of himself , “ Russian machine never breaks , ” injured his shoulder in a shoving match with a player from the Columbus Blue Jackets — the kind of meaningless ritual combat that on most teams the designated bully takes care of — and missed six games .
Then , a week or so after returning , he received a two - game suspension for an illegal hit on the Hurricane ’s Tim Gleason , and it appeared that he might once again have hurt himself .
Ovechkin ’s response to his injury , and to the reminder that Eric Lindros , who also played the game with overwhelming physicality , ended his career with a spate of concussions , was to say , “ It is what it is . ”
This is a catchphrase he uses a lot , which seems to combine Russian fatalism with an unwillingness to indulge in speculation .
At the Verizon Center , right after the injury , he also repeated another Ovechkinism , one he employs even more often : “ I can not change . ”
“ Everybody has to have his own style , his own game , ” he told me a few weeks later .
“ Everybody has to be himself .
I ’m listening to nobody .
I have my own mind , my own heart . ”
In a hockey culture that encourages discipline and self - effacement , Ovechkin is a free spirit and even a bit of a showoff .
For the playoffs last year , he died his hair red .
To celebrate one of his scores he sometimes hurls himself into the glass .
After that miraculous goal against Montreal , he put his hand to his ear , encouraging the fans to cheer louder , and after scoring his 50th goal of the season against Tampa Bay in March 2009 , he dropped his stick to the ice as if it were too hot to handle — antics that drive old - guard types like Don Cherry , the former Bruins coach who is now a commentator on “ Hockey Night in Canada , ” to distraction .
Invariably , Ovechkin ’s critics wind up comparing him with Crosby , who is younger than Ovechkin but entered the N.H.L. at the same time .
Crosby is probably the second - best player in the world right now , but before Ovie came along he had already been anointed No. 1 . Wayne Gretzky , a k a the Great One , dubbed Crosby “ the Next One , ” and the label was not inappropriate .
Crosby , smaller and less physical than Ovechkin , plays a little like Gretzky , with the same ability to anticipate a play and to seemingly see behind his head .
And he has Gretzky ’s personality : he ’s a straight arrow , shy , polite , circumspect .
Unlike Ovechkin , who enjoys the limelight , Crosby is visibly uncomfortable with it .
He has mastered an earnest , dutiful sound - bite style of talking to reporters but seldom jokes with them the way Ovechkin does and would never dream of hotdogging after a goal .
Because they ’re such opposites , the yin and yang of their sport — or the Larry Bird and Magic Johnson , as commentators so often point out — the media keep hoping for a full - blown personal rivalry .
Crosby and Ovechkin have clashed on the ice numerous times , most notably in the playoffs last year , which seemed to bring out the best in both , especially in Game 2 , in which each of them scored a hat trick .
This year ’s Olympics have to be considered a wash , because until he scored that goal against the United States , Crosby , too , had had a disappointing tournament .
He sometimes seemed to be invisible , or else playing a skilled , puck - control game that more nearly resembled that of the Europeans than his smash - mouth compatriots .
In their early N.H.L. clashes this year , Ovie clearly had the edge , but then regular - season games mean much less than the playoffs .
The two teams will most likely meet again in the next few weeks .
Ovechkin claims any suggestion of bad blood between them has been exaggerated by the press , but they have clearly begun to get on each other ’s nerves .
If Ovechkin owns the 2006 Calder Memorial Trophy , the rookie - of - the - year award that Crosby was seemingly destined for , Crosby has something even more valuable : his name is on a Stanley Cup , and he has an Olympic gold medal .
Crosby has complained about Ovechkin ’s goal celebrations , which he says are disrespectful .
Ovechkin has called Crosby a whiner .
Yet he has included a Crosby stick in a collection he has been assembling of sticks owned by the players he most admires .
“ I love watching him , ” he told me .
“ Except when we ’re on the ice together , and then he ’s not one of my favorites . ”
Although resolutions that commemorate historic events usually pass Congress without any fuss , a pair of conservative GOP members of Congress could n't stomach voting " yes " on Niles Democratic Rep .
Tim Ryan 's measure to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the May 4 , 1970 shootings at Kent State University .
Reps . Virginia Foxx of North Carolina and Michael Burgess of Texas voted " present " on Ryan 's resolution , which passed the House of Representatives Wednesday by a 413-0 margin .
Burgess told Politico that he did n't like the wording of Ryan 's resolution and felt : “ We basically single out the Ohio National Guard as being the one at fault . "
In a statement released after the vote , Ryan applauded colleagues who joined him in commemorating the tragedy .
" What happened 40 years ago at Kent State continues to serve as the nation 's primary example of the need to preserve our civil rights and liberties , " Ryan 's statement said .
" It is important that we recognize this day in history -- for the lives that were lost , those that were wounded , and for the contribution these events provided in protecting the civil rights and liberties of American citizens . "
Lookouts ?
Oh , yes .
There is more .
I can remember being in church with my mother , where it was suggested that I ought to fear the Lord my God , and reacting like any child would - with the proprietary blend of confusion and horror that accompanies every expansion of awareness .
They do n’t start you on the hard stuff until later , where you find out that God can ask a father to kill his son , or sometimes he ’ll let the devil kill your children for no good reason .
That ’s always struck me as a tremendous messaging challenge : as an immortal being , how do you manage that kind of PR long term ?
Do you start offering extra miles ?
Historically , the loyalty program been an incredible motivator - but is there a point at which you consider Rebranding ?
I suppose there ’s some evidence for the latter .
No , what you get at first is the Starter Set , which covers things like church attendance , dress code , and mealtime observances .
It does n’t have much to say about Fear .
And they ’re only using the word Fear because they do n’t know what else to call it , how to name that rising , primal ice one feels when faced with the hanging jowls of the unknowable .
But I get it ; I get it now .
That is how I fear New York .
I ’ll be leaving in that direction today , literally on a jet plane .
My experience differs from the song somewhat in that I know the precise date of my return ( Wednesday ) .
I ’ve also chosen to retain the melancholy , but not for any particular reason .
Readers will suffer no interruptions of service .
We ’ve been invited to some kind of thing for the Time 100 , but with Gabriel at home gingerly grooming his cub it falls to me to represent our clan .
This means I will be wearing a suit fully two times this year ; I shall try not to develop airs .
( CW ) TB out .
such an almighty sound
The recent escalation of tensions in Jerusalem with clashes between Palestinian demonstrators and Israeli police in and around the Old City appear to signify the emergence of a disturbing new trend : the Hebronisation of Jerusalem .
This presages not only the triumph of the radical settler groups in taking over culturally sensitive parts of the city , but also further violence and turmoil .
More importantly it also interrupts the delicate moves towards the resumption of negotiations between the Israeli government and the Palestinian Authority / PLO .
Why Hebronisation ?
Hebron , just south of Jerusalem and Bethlehem , is a city – despite pockets of wealth – characterised by poverty , lack of investment , increasing criminality , the breakdown of municipal services and the absence of any recognised national and local leadership .
Since the Israeli occupation of the West Bank , Israeli settler groups in Hebron have acted with increasing impunity in a city with an overwhelming Palestinian majority .
This is largely due to restrictions imposed by the Israeli government to promote the settler presence in the heart of Hebron 's Old City .
The declaration last week that the Tomb of the Patriarchs ( the presumed site of Abraham 's burial place ) located in the al - Ibrahimi mosque has been added to a list of protected Jewish sites has underlined this projection of Israeli power into the planned Palestinian state .
The acceptance of the Israeli settlement movement in Jerusalem into the Israeli political mainstream , its capture of some of the city 's key institutions and geographical locations , its support from the highest echelons of the Israeli bureaucracy , judiciary and army , its funding by wealthy US and other external sources all point to a culture of impunity that suggests more than a passing resemblance to Hebron .
The creation of no - go areas for Palestinians in parts of Jerusalem and the closing of market streets as a result of settler harassment has not occurred to the same extent as in Hebron , but the signs that this can happen all too easily are already discernible in areas targeted by the settlers .
A recent report published by Chatham House – Jerusalem : The Cost of Failure – argued that this Hebronisation of Jerusalem also comprised a mixture of exclusion , unilateral withdrawal from certain peripheral areas by Israel and the so - called " warehousing " of the remainder of the Palestinian residents in East Jerusalem .
Current trends , it suggested , would result in the physical removal of much of the Palestinian population from the central parts of East Jerusalem .
Despite this dire scenario , the report also held that for the foreseeable future the Israeli government was in a strong enough position to contain the negative impact of these developments .
The chief result has been to deprive the Palestinians of East Jerusalem of any effective and coordinated resistance to the settler activity .
Consequently , in the short - to - medium term ( two to five years ) the Israeli government will have an almost free rein in the city to complete the Hebronisation process .
There are two caveats to this prognosis .
The first is the challenge to Israeli authority in the city from the Islamic Movement , a group based in northern Israel .
Its present community action , based around efforts to bring Palestinian Muslims from Israel into Jerusalem to " protect " their heritage , is just about tolerable to the Israeli government .
When and if it is able to transform itself into a force that threatens Israeli hegemony in the city , more drastic action may be taken .
As the movement is based within Israeli itself , it is not something that Israel can suppress in the same way as it has acted against Hamas in the occupied territories .
The second caveat is the role of the Jewish , Christian and Muslim religious sites in the area referred to as the Holy Basin .
A critical issue that will provoke reaction in the streets of East Jerusalem is an Israeli infringement of the Islamic rights to the Haram al - Sharif and associated places .
As seen last weekend and also in October 2009 , street protests and rioting have already broken out over perceived threats to the Haram al - Sharif , partially , but not exclusively , mobilised by the Islamic movement from inside Israel .
A miscalculation by the Israeli government , or the flexing of muscles by a settler group , could provoke a furious and possibly uncontrollable response .
This bleak prognosis can to some extent be avoided .
By reaffirming the illegality of Israeli policy in East Jerusalem , the recommendations put forward in a recent leaked EU heads of mission report would go a long way towards halting the slide to both consolidating the Israeli presence and the further fragmentation of East Jerusalem .
The recommendations include promoting the establishment of a PLO representative in East Jerusalem , the prevention of financial transactions by EU member states that support settlement activity or the export of products from settlements to the EU member states and the support of Palestinian civil society .
Nevertheless , by themselves , it is unlikely that these actions would be sufficient in the time available to prevent the scenarios outlined above .
The focus of diplomatic activity should be on two key areas .
First , the seriousness of the situation should be impressed upon the US and the president 's special envoy to the Middle East , Senator George Mitchell ( as the key actors with any leverage on the Israeli government ) and the Quartet .
A significant point that could be made is that until the concerns of all those living in Jerusalem are addressed , Israel 's security is as much at risk as the livelihood and well - being of the Palestinians .
Second , the international community needs to convince the current Israeli government that the activities of radical settlers in destabilising the status quo of the religious sites and acquiring strategic tracts of land will lead to further violence not only in Jerusalem but across the region .
Israeli policies in support of returning to a negotiated peace process and support for such groups are contradictory .
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
Following the release of the original Final Fantasy on the Virtual Console , Square Enix today announced a brand new DS instalment of the best selling role playing game series .
Called Final Fantasy : The 4 Heroes of Light , the game follows 14 year old Brandt as he ventures to save the Princess of his hometown .
Promising to be both innovative and traditional , Final Fantasy : The 4 Heroes of Light goes back to the classic turned based roots of the series , and promises endless customisation options using the " Crown System " allowing players to change their character 's job , simply by changing their hat .
With a choice of over 20 jobs , including the series staples Black Mage , White Mage ( both magic users ) , and Ranger , every player will be able to find a team that 's just right for them .
Making full use of the DS 's capabilities , Final Fantasy : The 4 Heroes of Light uses the touch screen for easy input of battle commands , and allows up to four different players to team up and explore dungeons together using the DS 's wireless play .
So far , Final Fantasy : The 4 Heroes of Light sounds like the return to form the series needs , so check back here for a full review closer to the games release in the Autumn .
Hopefully , it 'll be better than the original Final Fantasy , which has n't aged too well , as we found out when we reviewed it on the Virtual Console last week .
Commemorating Confederate History Month
JB
I think Governor McDonnell of Virginia is correct that we need to remember the Confederacy and the causes that led Americans to forsake their country and commit treason .
Americans need to know their history , and how the world we live in came to be .
Herewith my own commemoration of Confederate History Month :
From Confederate Vice - President Alexander Stephens ' famous cornerstone speech , delivered March 21 , 1861 , explaining the purposes of the confederacy , and the assumptions on which it was founded :
The new constitution has put at rest , forever , all the agitating questions relating to our peculiar institution -- African slavery as it exists amongst us -- the proper status of the negro in our form of civilization .
This was the immediate cause of the late rupture and present revolution .
Jefferson in his forecast , had anticipated this , as the " rock upon which the old Union would split . "
He was right .
What was conjecture with him , is now a realized fact .
But whether he fully comprehended the great truth upon which that rock stood and stands , may be doubted .
The prevailing ideas entertained by him and most of the leading statesmen at the time of the formation of the old constitution , were that the enslavement of the African was in violation of the laws of nature ; that it was wrong in principle , socially , morally , and politically .
It was an evil they knew not well how to deal with , but the general opinion of the men of that day was that , somehow or other in the order of Providence , the institution would be evanescent and pass away .
This idea , though not incorporated in the constitution , was the prevailing idea at that time .
The constitution , it is true , secured every essential guarantee to the institution while it should last , and hence no argument can be justly urged against the constitutional guarantees thus secured , because of the common sentiment of the day .
Those ideas , however , were fundamentally wrong .
They rested upon the assumption of the equality of races .
This was an error .
It was a sandy foundation , and the government built upon it fell when the " storm came and the wind blew . "
Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite idea ; its foundations are laid , its corner - stone rests upon the great truth , that the negro is not equal to the white man ; that slavery -- subordination to the superior race -- is his natural and normal condition .
[ Applause . ]
This , our new government , is the first , in the history of the world , based upon this great physical , philosophical , and moral truth .
This truth has been slow in the process of its development , like all other truths in the various departments of science .
It has been so even amongst us .
Many who hear me , perhaps , can recollect well , that this truth was not generally admitted , even within their day .
The errors of the past generation still clung to many as late as twenty years ago .
Those at the North , who still cling to these errors , with a zeal above knowledge , we justly denominate fanatics .
All fanaticism springs from an aberration of the mind -- from a defect in reasoning .
It is a species of insanity .
One of the most striking characteristics of insanity , in many instances , is forming correct conclusions from fancied or erroneous premises ; so with the anti-slavery fanatics ; their conclusions are right if their premises were .
They assume that the negro is equal , and hence conclude that he is entitled to equal privileges and rights with the white man .
If their premises were correct , their conclusions would be logical and just -- but their premise being wrong , their whole argument fails .
I recollect once of having heard a gentleman from one of the northern States , of great power and ability , announce in the House of Representatives , with imposing effect , that we of the South would be compelled , ultimately , to yield upon this subject of slavery , that it was as impossible to war successfully against a principle in politics , as it was in physics or mechanics .
That the principle would ultimately prevail .
That we , in maintaining slavery as it exists with us , were warring against a principle , a principle founded in nature , the principle of the equality of men .
The reply I made to him was , that upon his own grounds , we should , ultimately , succeed , and that he and his associates , in this crusade against our institutions , would ultimately fail .
The truth announced , that it was as impossible to war successfully against a principle in politics as it was in physics and mechanics , I admitted ; but told him that it was he , and those acting with him , who were warring against a principle .
They were attempting to make things equal which the Creator had made unequal .
In the conflict thus far , success has been on our side , complete throughout the length and breadth of the Confederate States .
It is upon this , as I have stated , our social fabric is firmly planted ; and I cannot permit myself to doubt the ultimate success of a full recognition of this principle throughout the civilized and enlightened world .
As I have stated , the truth of this principle may be slow in development , as all truths are and ever have been , in the various branches of science .
It was so with the principles announced by Galileo - it was so with Adam Smith and his principles of political economy .
It was so with Harvey , and his theory of the circulation of the blood .
It is stated that not a single one of the medical profession , living at the time of the announcement of the truths made by him , admitted them .
Now , they are universally acknowledged .
May we not , therefore , look with confidence to the ultimate universal acknowledgment of the truths upon which our system rests ?
It is the first government ever instituted upon the principles in strict conformity to nature , and the ordination of Providence , in furnishing the materials of human society .
Many governments have been founded upon the principle of the subordination and serfdom of certain classes of the same race ; such were and are in violation of the laws of nature .
Our system commits no such violation of nature 's laws .
With us , all of the white race , however high or low , rich or poor , are equal in the eye of the law .
Not so with the negro .
Subordination is his place .
He , by nature , or by the curse against Canaan , is fitted for that condition which he occupies in our system .
The architect , in the construction of buildings , lays the foundation with the proper material - the granite ; then comes the brick or the marble .
The substratum of our society is made of the material fitted by nature for it , and by experience we know that it is best , not only for the superior , but for the inferior race , that it should be so .
It is , indeed , in conformity with the ordinance of the Creator .
It is not for us to inquire into the wisdom of his ordinances , or to question them .
For his own purposes , he has made one race to differ from another , as he has made " one star to differ from another star in glory . "
The great objects of humanity are best attained when there is conformity to his laws and decrees , in the formation of governments as well as in all things else .
Our confederacy is founded upon principles in strict conformity with these laws .
This stone which was rejected by the first builders " is become the chief of the corner " -- the real " corner - stone " -- in our new edifice .
From the Mississippi Secession Resolution , November 30 , 1860 :
Whereas ,
The Constitutional Union was formed by the several States in their separate soverign capacity for the purpose of mutual advantage and protection ;
That the several States are distinct sovereignities , whose supremacy is limited so far only as the same has been delegated by voluntary compact to a Federal Government , and when it fails to accomplish the ends for which it was established , the parties to the compact have the right to resume , each State for itself , such delegated powers ;
That the institution of slavery existed prior to the formation of the Federal Constitution , and is recognized by its letter , and all efforts to impair its value or lessen its duration by Congress , or any of the free States , is a violation of the compact of Union and is destructive of the ends for which it was ordained , but in defiance of the principles of the Union thus established , the people of the Northern States have assumed a revolutionary position toward the Southern States ;
That they have set at defiance that provision of the Constitution which was intended to secure domestic tranquility among the States and promote their general welfare , namely : " No Person held to Service or Labour in one State , under the Laws thereof , escaping into another , shall , in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein , be discharged from such Service or Labour , but shall be delivered up on Claim of the Party to whom the Service or Labour may be due ; "
That they have by voluntary associations , individual agencies and State legislation inteferred with slavery as it prevails in the slaveholding States ;
That they have enticed our slaves from us and , by State intervention obstructed and prevented their rendition under the fugitive slave law ;
That they continue their system of agitation obviously for the purpose of encouraging other slaves to escape from service , to weaken the institution in the slave - holding States by rendering the holding of such property insecure , and as a consequence its ultimate abolition certain ;
That they claim the right and demand its execution by Congress to exclude slavery from the Territories , but claim the right of protection for every species of property owned by themselves ;
That they declare in every manner in which public opinion is expressed their unalterable determination to exclude from admittance into the Union any new State that tolerates slavery in its Constitution , and thereby force Congress to a condemnation of that species of property ;
That they thus seek by an increase of abolition States " to acquire two - thirds of both houses " for the purpose of preparing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States , abolishing slavery in the States , and so continue the agitation that the proposed amendment shall be ratified by the Legislatures of three - fourths of the States ;
That they have in violation of the comity of all civilized nations , and in violation of the comity established by the Constitution of the United States , insulted and outraged our citizens when traveling among them for pleasure , health , or business , by taking their servants and liberating the same , under the forms of State laws , and subjecting their owners to degrading and ignominious punishment ;
That to encourage the stealing of our property they have put at defiance that provision of the Constitution which declares that fugitives from justice ( escaping ) into another State , on demand of the Executive authority of that state from which he fled , shall be delivered up ;
That they have sought to create domestic discord in the Southern States by incendiary publications ;
That they have encouraged a hostile invasion of a Southern State to excite insurrection , murder , and rapine ;
That they have deprived Southern citizens of their property and continue an unfriendly agitation of their domestic institutions , claiming for themselves perfect immunity from external interference with their domestic policy ; ...
That they have elected a majority of Electors for President and Vice - President on the ground that there exists an irreconcilable conflict between the two sections of the Confederacy in reference to their respective systems of labor and in pursuance of their hostility to us and our institutions , thus declaring to the civilized world that the powers of this Government are to be used for the dishonor and overthrow of the Southern Section of this great Confederacy .
Therefore :
Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State of Mississippi , That in the opinion of those who now constitute the said Legislature , the secession of each aggrieved State is the proper remedy for these injuries .
From South Carolina 's declaration of the causes of secession :
The Constitution of the United States , in its fourth Article , provides as follows :
" No person held to service or labor in one State , under the laws thereof , escaping into another , shall , in consequence of any law or regulation therein , be discharged from such service or labor , but shall be delivered up , on claim of the party to whom such service or labor may be due . "
This stipulation was so material to the compact , that without it that compact would not have been made .
The greater number of the contracting parties held slaves , and they had previously evinced their estimate of the value of such a stipulation by making it a condition in the Ordinance for the government of the territory ceded by Virginia , which now composes the States north of the Ohio River .
The same article of the Constitution stipulates also for rendition by the several States of fugitives from justice from the other States .
The General Government , as the common agent , passed laws to carry into effect these stipulations of the States .
For many years these laws were executed .
But an increasing hostility on the part of the non-slaveholding States to the institution of slavery , has led to a disregard of their obligations , and the laws of the General Government have ceased to effect the objects of the Constitution .
The States of Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Rhode Island , New York , Pennsylvania , Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Wisconsin and Iowa , have enacted laws which either nullify the Acts of Congress or render useless any attempt to execute them .
In many of these States the fugitive is discharged from service or labor claimed , and in none of them has the State Government complied with the stipulation made in the Constitution .
The State of New Jersey , at an early day , passed a law in conformity with her constitutional obligation ; but the current of anti-slavery feeling has led her more recently to enact laws which render inoperative the remedies provided by her own law and by the laws of Congress .
In the State of New York even the right of transit for a slave has been denied by her tribunals ; and the States of Ohio and Iowa have refused to surrender to justice fugitives charged with murder , and with inciting servile insurrection in the State of Virginia .
Thus the constituted compact has been deliberately broken and disregarded by the non-slaveholding States , and the consequence follows that South Carolina is released from her obligation .
. . .
We affirm that [ the ] ends for which this Government was instituted have been defeated , and the Government itself has been made destructive of them by the action of the non-slaveholding States .
Those States have assumed the right of deciding upon the propriety of our domestic institutions ; and have denied the rights of property established in fifteen of the States and recognized by the Constitution ; they have denounced as sinful the institution of slavery ; they have permitted open establishment among them of societies , whose avowed object is to disturb the peace and to eloign the property of the citizens of other States .
They have encouraged and assisted thousands of our slaves to leave their homes ; and those who remain , have been incited by emissaries , books and pictures to servile insurrection .
For twenty - five years this agitation has been steadily increasing , until it has now secured to its aid the power of the common Government .
Observing the forms of the Constitution , a sectional party has found within that Article establishing the Executive Department , the means of subverting the Constitution itself .
A geographical line has been drawn across the Union , and all the States north of that line have united in the election of a man to the high office of President of the United States , whose opinions and purposes are hostile to slavery .
He is to be entrusted with the administration of the common Government , because he has declared that that " Government cannot endure permanently half slave , half free , " and that the public mind must rest in the belief that slavery is in the course of ultimate extinction .
This sectional combination for the submersion of the Constitution , has been aided in some of the States by elevating to citizenship , persons who , by the supreme law of the land , are incapable of becoming citizens ; and their votes have been used to inaugurate a new policy , hostile to the South , and destructive of its peace and safety .
On the 4th of March next , this party will take possession of the Government .
It has announced that the South shall be excluded from the common territory , that the judicial tribunals shall be made sectional , and that a war must be waged against slavery until it shall cease throughout the United States .
The guaranties of the Constitution will then no longer exist ; the equal rights of the States will be lost .
The slaveholding States will no longer have the power of self - government , or self - protection , and the Federal Government will have become their enemy .
Sectional interest and animosity will deepen the irritation , and all hope of remedy is rendered vain , by the fact that public opinion at the North has invested a great political error with the sanctions of a more erroneous religious belief .
We , therefore , the People of South Carolina , by our delegates in Convention assembled , appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions , have solemnly declared that the Union heretofore existing between this State and the other States of North America , is dissolved , and that the State of South Carolina has resumed her position among the nations of the world , as a separate and independent State ; with full power to levy war , conclude peace , contract alliances , establish commerce , and to do all other acts and things which independent States may of right do .
From the Texas Declaration of the Causeswhich Impel the State of Texas to Secede from the Federal Union :
In all the non-slave - holding States , in violation of that good faith and comity which should exist between entirely distinct nations , the people have formed themselves into a great sectional party , now strong enough in numbers to control the affairs of each of those States , based upon an unnatural feeling of hostility to these Southern States and their beneficent and patriarchal system of African slavery , proclaiming the debasing doctrine of equality of all men , irrespective of race or color -- a doctrine at war with nature , in opposition to the experience of mankind , and in violation of the plainest revelations of Divine Law .
They demand the abolition of negro slavery throughout the confederacy , the recognition of political equality between the white and negro races , and avow their determination to press on their crusade against us , so long as a negro slave remains in these States .
. . . .
We hold as undeniable truths that the governments of the various States , and of the confederacy itself , were established exclusively by the white race , for themselves and their posterity ; that the African race had no agency in their establishment ; that they were rightfully held and regarded as an inferior and dependent race , and in that condition only could their existence in this country be rendered beneficial or tolerable .
That in this free government all white men are and of right ought to be entitled to equal civil and political rights ; that the servitude of the African race , as existing in these States , is mutually beneficial to both bond and free , and is abundantly authorized and justified by the experience of mankind , and the revealed will of the Almighty Creator , as recognized by all Christian nations ; while the destruction of the existing relations between the two races , as advocated by our sectional enemies , would bring inevitable calamities upon both and desolation upon the fifteen slave - holding states .
* * * * *
UPDATE : Steven Lubet reminds me to include provisions from the Confederate Constitution .
These are discussed in the next post .
Sprint users : have you ever wanted to call somebody or video chat , while surfing the web , all at the same time ?
With the HTC EVO 4G coming June 4th for $ 199 ( which we wrote about here ) , you can do just that .
Before now , you needed an iPhone or another carrier ( most GSM 3G implementations allow for this ) .
Soon , you can do it right on your EVO 4G with Sprint .
To quote their official press release :
You can call in your take - out order while you look at their menu on the Internet ...[ with ] simultaneous voice and data capability in 4G and Wi-Fi coverage areas , enabling Web surfing and more while the conversation continues .
However , all this comes at a pretty steep price .
In order to have all the benefits at 4G speeds , you have to shell out an extra $ 10 / mo in addition to the regular cost of your data plan , essentially paying for the data that you 're already using , just so you can use the 4G network .
Additionally , if you want to pimp out your new EVO 4G with the mobile hotspot ability ( capable of connecting to up to eight devices ) , it 's another $ 29.99 .
All said and done , you could end up paying big bucks for 4G speed , multitasking , and hotspot capability .
Elsewhere in the press release , Sprint comments on the pricing structure :
Everything Data plans start at $ 69.99 per month .
A $ 10 per month Premium Data add - on will apply allowing customers to take advantage of a richer data experience than ever before .
So , the wait is over .
If you 're on Sprint , and you have the new HTC EVO 4G coming out this June , you can do anything you want … for a price .
How much are you willing to pay to multitask ?
Source : Sprint PR
by Alex Hudson
BBC News
Jimmy has won over 20 championships since he began disco dancing Dressed in feathers and sequins and pirouetting across a packed ballroom , 10 - year - old Jimmy Hobley is competing for the Disco Kid championship in Blackpool - the biggest disco championship in Europe .
But what makes Jimmy different from the other dancers vying for the title is that he has autism .
Until he began dancing , he used to wear splints on his legs to help his walking and , until less than two years ago , he could not read or write .
" Before the dancing , I was a nobody , " says Jimmy .
" I was a regular school kid with special needs .
" Dancing makes me feel like I 'm normal like all the other kids it 's like somebody 's fixed my brain inside . "
There are over half a million people in the UK with autism and it tends to run in families .
All three children in the Hobley family , who live in Redcar , Teesside , have the disorder .
George , James 's twin , " was always the leader " says Sheila Hobley , the mother of the boys .
" He spoke first , walked first and was the only one who could read .
James was always in George 's shadow .
" James 's life at home was playing on his computer games and a lot of television . "
But that all changed when a leaflet for a local dance class came through the door .
" James was keen , was throwing himself around unable to do the splits .
He was trying his best but at times I thought he would injure himself , " says Sheila .
Within four months , he was at his first disco competition with a routine of his own .
He was only expected to make the first round but he made it right through to the final .
He hardly slept the night after the first competition and could not wait for the next one .
Since he began , he has won over 20 competitions , including the beginners ' title in the World Championships when he was only eight .
' Big jump '
This new talent instilled a new found confidence and , while many children with autism find it difficult to form relationships , it gave him friends from all around the UK .
Along with the disco , Jimmy now has a new passion - ballet .
His concentration and ability to remember ballet positions and routines shows the remarkable intellectual development he has made , along with dramatic improvements with his reading and writing .
Since he started dancing there 's been a massive improvement .
It 's like someone switched the light on
Sheila Hobley
" In general most children with autism would show gradual improvements over time , " says Dr Morrell , who diagnosed Jimmy at the age of four .
" The difference with James is that he appears to have made a big jump in such a short time and that is unusual I 'd say . "
And Sheila is sure that it has something to do with his dancing .
" I think since he started dancing there 's been a massive improvement .
It 's like someone switched the light on , " she says .
And she is not the only one .
" I am convinced , " says Desmond Kelly , artistic director of Elmhurst School for Dance .
" One day someone will do a proper study of what dance does to the brain .
When you dance you have to think of everything from the finger tips to the toes . "
Scientific evidence
The idea that dancing could help those with learning difficulties is nothing new .
Trial dance classes for autistic children were reported by the New York Times as long ago as 1985 and countless anecdotes of the benefit of dancing fill up internet message boards the world over .
The problem is finding hard , scientific evidence behind the stories .
Even Sheila admits that the lack of research means some are sceptical .
Jimmy 's ultimate dream is to become a professional ballet dancer " Some people say he might have started reading and writing anyway , " she says .
" But if he had n't tried dancing then I could still have James locked in his own world .
I really can't say . "
The National Autistic Society ( NAS ) says that it is the outlet , not just the dancing itself , that could have helped Jimmy 's transformation .
" People with autism are often isolated and excluded from social opportunities due to a lack of understanding of their disability and this is especially true of sporting and activity groups , " says Carol Povey , director of the NAS 's Centre for Autism .
" Whilst dancing may not be appropriate for everyone , it is certainly true that attending a group and taking part in an activity where the individual is accepted and valued for what they can offer can have a huge impact on self esteem and help teach social skills . "
Dancing - by all accounts - has been great for Jimmy but it has n't been all plain sailing for the family .
With outfits costing more than £ 600 and entry fees to competitions , dancing has not been a cheap hobby and George , without something to focus his attention on , is struggling .
Sheila says : " I know that George is feeling it because he has somehow been left behind .
He 's not needed by Jimmy .
He 's grown away from Jimmy in quite a lot of respects . "
Despite the worries about George , Sheila says that " even with the benefit of hindsight we would do it again " because of the progress Jimmy has made .
His dancing teacher Anita Brown has high hopes : " The rate Jimmy is going with the attitude that he 's got , if he keeps that manner , he 's destined for success , " she says .
And while Jimmy dreams of dancing with Birmingham Royal Ballet and then perhaps even dancing in Russia , Sheila has more immediate concerns for her son .
" He 's going to the Disco World Championships in June in Blackpool .
He 's got another outfit for that - we 've saved up for it for nearly a year now .
" If he can make the final , anything can happen . "
Autism , Disco & Me is on Thursday 6 May at 2100 BST on BBC Three .
You can also watch it on iPlayer shortly after .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
THE VOLCANIC ash plume has led to many acts of kindness to 72 older tourists stranded here since last weekend .
The visitors , largely from the US , were due to leave last Saturday after their escorted Trafalgar tour around Ireland .
However the eruptions from Iceland put paid to that and they were stranded at Dublin ’s Mespil Hotel .
Tour guides Sally and Bernard Creegan called to see how they were faring last weekend and felt sorry for the group .
With fellow tour guide Peter Flood , they secured a coach from Cronins “ for almost nothing , just the cost of the fuel ” and set up an itinerary of events to entertain the group .
The tour guides brought the group to sites such as Glendalough , the Jameson Distillery , St Patrick ’s Cathedral and Malahide Castle .
Where there was an entry fee , it was waived .
The guides are self - employed and have been providing their services for free to the group all week .
“ We ’re just flying the flag for Fáilte Ireland , ” said Mr Flood .
“ You hear so much negative stuff about rip - off Ireland but this is the reality . ”
Mr Creegan said : “ We were talking to two people this morning and they said ‘ we do n’t want to go home now , we ’re enjoying it so much ’ . ”
Doris Hill from North Carolina is one of the people who has been enjoying her extended stay in Dublin .
“ When we heard the flights were cancelled we were like ‘ what do we do ?
How do we get around ?
Where do we stay ?
Our reservation is up . ”
She said she also got “ a little afraid ” that her medication would run out , but once she visited a pharmacy she relaxed and began to enjoy it .
The hotel cut their rate to € 40 bed and breakfast and many of the tourists loaded up on the breakfast buffet to sustain themselves throughout the day .
“ Then the hotel decided that we were eating too many salads , because we did n’t have that many euros left , so they said they would fix us dinner for just € 8 every night , ” Ms Hill said .
“ I thought , oh , we are so special . ”
Lexie Ogden expects to return to Los Angeles with her husband on Sunday but said they would love to return .
“ I was very surprised at the treatment we received , ” she said .
“ Even the chemists were great .
We paid for part of the medicine and because my husband wanted something in a small quantity , they just gave it to him .
“ The only nightmare has been trying to get out .
People have been so kind .
My husband and I were lost , looking at a map on the street and some guy stopped his car in the middle of the street and said ‘ are you lost , do you need help ’ ? ”
Don Chaney from California had just one gripe .
“ What upsets me about it is the airlines .
I think that Aer Lingus and Ryanair should have their licences revoked .
They ’re not doing anything for anybody .
We ’re flying with Aer Lingus and they were absolutely no help . ”
Debby
Tharp has been accompanying 10 older people from an active retirement community in North Carolina and said the tour guides had been “ incredibly kind ” to the senior citizens .
“ Oh man , we could not have been treated any better .
It ’s made my job a piece of cake .
“ I think we would come back , just to see the people we have connected with . ”
Fáilte Ireland said visits to its www.discoverireland.ie website were up 20 per cent for the beginning of this week compared with the same period last week .
“ We believe this is a mixture of stranded tourists accessing the ‘ Stranded in Ireland ’ section along with Irish visitors looking to stay in Ireland , ” a spokeswoman said .
Here at the Grapevine , we are all big fans of Jón Gnarr and his comedic stylings .
We were amused when we learned he was putting together a ‘ parody party ’ for the upcoming municipal elections , and we enjoyed a lot of his initial media appearances in promotion of it .
We were furthermore delighted to learn that some of the people running with him are artists that we know and like , and who ’s work we ’ve appreciated throughout the years .
It ’s called Besti flokkurinn ( “ The Best Party ” ) .
It was all in good fun .
Then the polls started coming in , and we learned that it was even conceivable that a joke party would win the elections , taking in as many as six city council chairs out of fifteen .
A party without platform or policy ; a celebrity - lead , vague minded collection of folks whose intentions were totally unclear was going to win Reykjavík ’s majority vote .
All of the sudden it seemed kind of scary .
“ What if they win ? ” we asked ourselves .
Will they privatise the city ’s welfare system and sell our power plants to Monty Burns ?
Will they reinstate the draft ?
How are we supposed to know ?
So we did what we usually do when we get curious – we got all proactive and called up the good man .
He was happy to give an interview , which you may read below .
Over the course of two hours , we tried to wrestle a position and platform – anything concrete – from the man .
Below is an edited transcript of our conversation .
We are still unsure of what to think .
You are called Jón Gnarr and Icelanders know you well , but most of our readers do not .
So tell us , who is Jón Gnarr ?
Er , well .
I am a self - educated artist that has been involved in various projects .
I have done acting , writing , directing , worked in advertising and created a plethora of comedy shows .
And I ’ve starred in some feature films .
I guess I think of myself as a sort of think tank .
I think a lot .
My head is like an airport , like Heathrow .
It ’s never off ; there ’s always someone coming or going , but no one stays , because I am very forgetful .
I am a self - made man , and I have never ever taken the conventional path to anything — I have no formal education .
“ I have always been a rather shocking character ”
At age eleven I gave up on school .
I refused to learn the multiplication table , Danish — pretty much everything I could n’t see a practical use for .
I wanted to be a circus clown .
When I was thirteen I had dropped out of school completely and was sent to a boarding school for delinquents and troubled teens at Núpur in Dýrafjörður .
I had a lot of peace there and room to do my own thing .
At age fourteen I was an active member of many international organisations that were being founded at the time , the Campaign For Nuclear Disarmament , Black Flag , Greenpeace — I joined a lot of radical organisations and even was part of a letter writing campaign to jailed anarchists .
I had a lot of free time to delve into that stuff .
Your artistic output has always been rather avant - garde and on the edge .
How have you manage to gain the mass appeal that you have , with [ comedy troupe ]
Fóstbræður , [ radio show ]
Tvíhöfði and your other assorted projects ?
When I was a kid , I read a book with the letters of Franz Kafka .
I loved him .
I read The Trial and Metamorphosis , and also this book of letters .
In it — and this deeply affected me — he says that the purpose of art , or what makes it important , is to unsettle us , to shock and surprise us and to make us think .
To evoke feelings that we were maybe unaware of .
I have always been a rather shocking character , ever since I was a kid .
It has always been part of my personality , to shock .
As a four year old , I used to go up to people on the bus and ask if they had been fucking .
“ Are you always fucking ? ” I ’d ask , and my mother would have to rush me out .
I consider myself an artist , and I am my own subject .
I am the only thing I have to work with .
There have been very harsh responses to almost everything I ’ve participated in .
When I was with Tvíhöfði , and with Fóstbræður , we used to get sued a lot , even though the stories rarely made it to the media .
When Fóstbræður [ a very popular sketch show on Stöð 2 ] was showing , the station had a record number of unsubscriptions .
In the station ’s history , there have never been as many subscription cancellations — folks were doing it to protest the show .
And Tvíhöfði never measured high in the listener polls , actually .
The other stations had a much bigger following .
Frankly , I was very surprised by the following Næturvaktin got .
I had thought it was the type of show that would only be appreciated by a small , smart crowd that ‘ got it ’ .
I want to try it all
You are often regarded as an Icelandic counterpart to Andy Kaufman , in that the whole of society seems to be your stage , and the audience is often unsure of whether you are joking or not .
A case in point would be your ‘ Catholic phase ’ [ for a period , Jón claimed he was a born - again Catholic , and he wrote many , many op - ed columns discussing his newfound faith , often sounding disturbingly ‘ born again ’ ] .
In this light , a lot of what you ’ve been doing with Besti flokkurinn seems to make sense — anyone can run for office , and if they do they will get media - time and a chance to stir up things .
Is your campaign really some sort of subversive , public performance art ?
I ’ve never really been a big fan of Andy Kaufman .
I like some of what he did , but he was never a favourite .
So I ca n’t really answer that .
Ehrm .
Yes , there ’s no connection in my mind .
But could you be categorised as “ in the same vein ” as Andy ?
Yes , categorisation .
I am against that .
We are such a clever species of animal , we love defining everything .
I like depriving people of that sense of wellbeing they derive from that — any sense of wellbeing really — and make them feel uncomfortable .
Not that I want to hurt anyone .
I just hate being categorised , placed in a shelf .
That ’s one of the things I am enjoying about Besti flokkurinn .
I also really enjoyed being Catholic , especially how it got on so many peoples ’ nerves .
That was really fun .
Especially people of my generation , folks that have made up a very firm opinion on faith and religion .
The Catholic Church is THE ESTABLISHMENT in the world , really , no state or nation in history has survived longer than they have .
It seems to have this foundation that works , and that is one of the things that fascinated me about it .
Did you ever believe in it ?
Was it all a performance designed to get a reaction , or did you sincerely count rosaries and stuff ?
No , well , I never got that deep in .
Everything I ’m doing with Besti flokkurinn , it ’s all backed up by research and facts .
Even though some people think it ’s nonsense — it is n’t .
I just like to try a lot of things , you know .
If you are a straight man and you want to experiment with having sex with another man , it does n’t mean you need to be marked for life as gay or bisexual or whatever .
You do n’t need to be placed in some shelf or category , even though that makes it easier for society to deal with you .
People should do what they want to , in the heat of the moment .
And I , uhm , I have vacancy on this earth for eighty some years , and I want to try it all so I can form an opinion of it , without borrowing someone else ’s .
As for the basic tenets of Catholicism ; the existence of God and that he materialised in Jesus Christ and did all sorts of crazy things … well .
For example , one of the founding beliefs of Catholicism is that of parthenogenesis ; that the Virgin Mary was just out walking and all of the sudden got impregnated by the Holy Ghost .
I do n’t believe that .
It ’s nonsense , it ’s illogical , and it makes it hard for me to affirm the Nicene Creed .
I do n’t believe it , I ca n’t help it .
I can believe that Jesus existed and can agree that he was an important man .
But whether he did everything that ’s credited to him , I do n’t know .
And there ’s no way to find out .
But as for religion , there are a whole lot of smart people that have been involved with religion over the years ; it would be dumb to dismiss it .
I have never had anything to revert to .
I have no education , I ’ve got nothing .
I ca n’t go back to being a sailor if my career fails .
And I ’ve always had to use myself as a subject for my thoughts and projects .
I got paid 15.000 ISK for each column I wrote for Fréttablaðið , and it during was a period of my life that I was interested in Catholicism .
But I could just as well resign from the church right now .
It has no meaning in my life anymore .
Dead and vapid discourse
Are Besti flokkurinn ’s platform of “ transparent corruption ” , absurd pet projects , etc. , the “ ironic ” generation ’s way of saying that ’s what you stand against , that it ’s something you would never do ?
Is it — as one would maybe hope , seeing that you seem to be winning the election — a reaction to the fact of how political speech has become polluted and diluted , how politicians ’ honesty and integrity are public laughing matters that no one takes seriously ?
Political discourse is all dead and vapid .
Yeah , yeah .
I ’ve never been interested in governance or politics .
I am very much opposed to the idea that someone out there can interfere with my life and the thought angers me .
None of this politics thing has ever interested me .
I ’ve never watched Silfur Egils [ local political talk show ] or listened to talk radio .
I do n’t even know the politicians .
I met [ Independence Party leader ]
Hanna Birna on the set of a TV show and I had no idea who she was .
All these people , these politicians , have never been on my horizon , yet they ’ve had a tremendous impact on my life .
And then there are the businessmen that have in effect given me the chance to work with what I want to work on .
Jón Ásgeir [ Jóhannsson , bankster and head of Baugur ] is one of them and he seems to own Stöð 2 , where I have been given numerous opportunities to work and create , albeit on take it or leave it terms .
I do n’t own the copyrights to anything I ’ve created .
Jón Ásgeir does .
And that ’s the way our society works — you have an idea you want to execute , and you need funding for that .
I have never gotten a chance at [ state broadcasting agency ] RÚV , which is supposed to support Icelandic culture .
But that institution is in the hands of politicians — they control it , and stagnation serves them well , because life and movement are … the system is always against creative thought .
All systems are against creative thought , because they are fully formed and positioned on a shelf , and proud of it .
It ’s how they survive .
Creative thought threatens them .
It threatens the school system , which begins by teaching us that creative thought is worthless until you are an adult .
You will need to spend the best years of your life learning about someone something someone else created , then you can go do something .
Not everyone fits into this model , which creates the need for concepts and “ problems ” that need defining , which brings us to psychiatrists and psychologists .
Fucking the system
And I think …
Wait , you were asking about the party ?
Well .
I ’ve listened to all the empty political discourse , but it ’s never touched me at all or moved me , until the economic collapse .
Then I just felt I ’d had enough of those people .
After the collapse and its aftermath , I started reading the local news websites and watching the news and political talk shows — and it filled me with so much frustration .
Eww !
So I wanted to do something , to fuck the system .
To change it around and impact it in some way .
I went to Austurvöllur and protested during the pots and pans revolution , but it felt pointless to me .
I did n’t really feel any need to scare Geir Haarde — he ’s just a grown man that was sick .
I do n’t feel rage against anyone really .
Not the banksters either .
This political world of ours is formed by some sort of co-dependency that ’s ingrained in our society because there are so few of us .
If you are an insane alcoholic that does n’t know how to interact with others , you are n’t ousted from politics — they ’ll make you an ambassador somewhere , or form a committee for you to run .
That ’s how our politics works .
In Sicily they have a strong system , a mob system , where everyone has a family name with which they can be identified .
By that , everyone knows who you are , which village you are from and who your uncle is .
But over here , you ’re maybe called Einar Guðmundsson and no one has any idea who you are .
And this is where the political parties come in as nice substitutes — they form these alliances that are sort of patriarchies and feudalist systems , descending from the system we had in the 12th century .
We have the same four parties , the socialists , conservatives , farmers and social democrats , they occasionally change names or split up but at the core remain the same systems of feudal privilege that we ’ve always been governed by .
My father was a cop , and a big communist supporter .
He was a police officer for 45 years , and was never promoted or earned rank , because he belonged to the wrong political party .
That ’s how our system works , in a nutshell .
Every problem is solved through knowing someone , through nepotism .
You need to know people to get things done .
Iceland must be a horrible country for immigrants [ laughs ] .
As for the political lingo … it ’s sometimes said that politicians in the US are superficial .
That ’s wrong .
To succeed in politics in the US , you need to be very smart , or at least to have someone working with you that is .
Over here , you can just trudge forward like a bull without any regard for anything … and still make it .
Like Bjarni Ben [ head of the Independence Party ] said that my party ’s following bore “ a sad witness to the fact that maybe the parties failed in establishing ‘ a living telephone connection ’ with the voters … ”
What a bunch of empty hogwash ?
What does that even mean ?
He is the head of the nation ’s largest political party , and this is what he has to say ?
These phrases they ’re using , when conversation is turned into ‘ a living telephone connection ’ and people become ‘ individuals ’ and everyone accepts it as some authority ?
I am plainly tired of all this empty BS , and Besti flokkurinn is in a primitive way protesting against it .
On being a simpleton
As a potential voter of yours , and someone who is likely to take your party seriously , I still have to think : “ How can I know what they really want to do ? ”
You have no platform , so I ca n’t know .
This is something I ’m confronted with every day now .
This morning I wrote an article about making Iceland a haven for electric cars , for turning it into an electric car haven .
I believe we need to stop importing oil and use electricity .
That ’s my opinion , but of course I wrote the article with lots of intentional faux pas in it , I wrote it like a simpleton .
I like appearing as a simpleton [ laughs very loudly ] , like when I gave a speech at the University of Reykjavík and shouted that I had risen from the ashes like the bird Felix .
I was just waiting for some blogger type to correct me on that .
That gets the party press and exposure , and as soon as they do , I can stand aside , laugh and let the facts or essence of what I was saying do the talking .
We still have three weeks until elections [ when we conducted the interview ] and we might well print a platform .
I am just sort of improvising and playing it by ear now .
I think this is very fun .
I did publish a piece that was a sort of manifesto for the party , no joke , and I am sort of improvising and trying to carry on from that .
So you foresee potentially introducing a platform before the election ?
All of your campaign is regarded as a joke thus far .
Well , our platform has been revealed pretty much , directly and indirectly .
Of course it ’s relative , what ’s a joke and what ’s not .
Comedy is very temporal ; today ’s joke might be tomorrow ’s pressing issue .
I do n’t consider the polar bear idea a joke — polar bears are widely considered an endangered species , and I honestly believe it would be better to store those that make it over in a zoo , rather than executing them on sight .
It ’s not farfetched — there are polar bears in zoos all over the world .
As for placing a toll on the people of Seltjarnarnes [ a municipality next to Reykjavík ] when they want to enter the city , I only think of it as normal that they would have to contribute to our city ’s funds , as they use a lot of our services — we put out their fires , for instance .
At a time when we have to cut back on our services due to lack of funds , they — the richest community in Iceland — brag about paying the lowest taxes in the country .
A cultural revolution
Are you saying that you support progressive taxation policies , that the wealthy should pay higher taxes than the poor ?
This is a common platform for socialist parties …
Well , I do n’t know the taxing system , it ’s very complicated .
If it were up to me , no one would pay any taxes .
I do n’t like paying taxes , I am always in debt to the tax office and I ’ve been badly hurt by the system .
It ’s unfair and I want to change it .
I was attempting to define you politically , to associate you with an ideology .
What you said could easily be summed up in a platform .
I just think it ’s natural that the people of Seltjarnarnes should pay for the services they ’re receiving .
But do you envision — to make some people ’s lives easier — making a platform ?
A policy that you swear to follow .
Ehrm .
I can imagine doing that .
Let ’s take that tax system as an example .
There are phrases , like lowering taxes for the worse off , and increasing them for the richies .
It would be very nice to do that .
But what we really need is to re-think the taxing system .
It is one of the most stagnant systems in this country .
But it ’s not alone .
It ’s all dead .
The tax office is dead , the customs office is dead .
RÚV is dead .
These are the institutions that make up the foundations of our society , and they are all dead .
Bleeeeh .
Are you , in all seriousness saying that you would like to restructure and organise society from the bottom up ?
Yes .
Are you calling for a revolution ?
Yes .
I am calling for a cultural revolution .
Is that a realistic goal ?
Is your candidacy a part of it ?
Yes .
I hope we undergo a cultural revolution here ; that we start experiencing ourselves as a nation in a new way .
And I have some ideas on that .
As with the nation ’s independence .
I feel it is being threatened .
We need to reaffirm it , which is where something like switching over to an electric car system would come in .
To define and underline our uniqueness , to creatively lead in some aspects .
There is potential there – we could serve as an example for the rest of the world .
‘ The Wire ’ as yardstick
A lot of the “ unconventional ” parties that we ’ve had in Iceland have , once in office , wound up either aligning with some of the Big Four parties [ see page 6 ] , or disintegrating .
How do you envision Besti flokkurinn ’s future ?
Say we managed to secure 2 – 4 candidates , I would take it all very seriously , I would ensure city politics run smoothly and I would advocate for my polar bear plan [ enter a long , rambling speech about various odd party objectives , polar bears , tulips , banksters on parole , etc. etc. ] …
But would you consider forming a majority alliance with another political party ?
Anyone in particular ?
Anyone you would not work with ?
I would not work with the Progressive Party , and I hope that party just up and leaves and ceases to exist , at least in Reykjavík .
But I do n’t know .
I do n’t really know the people running , and I do n’t really differentiate between parties .
It depends on the people .
If I am hanging out at the Left - Green office and we are all talking about The Wire and all of them agree that it is the best show ever made , and then someone from the Independence Party shows up and they have n’t heard of The Wire , I know who ’s fun , and I know who I ’d rather work with .
Still .
If you compare , say , the Independence Party and the Left - Greens , they are very different parties with very different platforms and policies .
One is for privatisation and private enterprise , while the other runs a leftist , socialist platform .
Leave aside if the members are fun or not , but you must admit that these are two very different ways of viewing society , and unhinged power to either of them would surely impact Reykjavík massively .
Well , yeah .
I would , yeah .
If we ’re talking about us getting four candidates in …
If we get the majority we would just take the reins and control everything .
And put running the city in the hands of skilled professionals .
I think the city as an entity and structure is perfectly capable of running itself without the help of politicians .
They spend half their day working for their party interests anyway .
An anarchist in disguise ?
Still , this is important .
If people are to vote for you , even if they buy into the whole irony and dismantling of politics post - modernism thing , they still must be able to discern what you stand for , and how you will handle certain things .
For instance , I was in city hall when the Independence Party and the Progressives voted for selling the city ’s shares in HS Orka to Magma Energy [ read more about that elsewhere in this issue ] .
The sale was very much in line with the Independence Party platform , and it was heavily opposed by the Left - Green counsellors , in keeping with their platform and outspoken policy .
I do not want my government selling off or privatizing Iceland ’s resources , and if I am to vote for you , I need to know where you stand on that issue .
And many others .
They are important , polarizing ones !
It would be easy for me to say “ Left - Greens are the only party I will work with . ”
Is that true ?
No , but I could say it .
Just to say it .
And then tell people later on that I ’d been joking , that I ’d rather work with the Progressives .
That ’s what politicians do .
But I think …
Policy ?
What can I say .
We are sort of an “ independence party ” [ laughs ] .
Our ideology aims at securing our independence .
That we do n’t wind up as tenants in our own country .
I have said that Besti flokkurinn is an anarcho - surrealist party , combining the best bits of anarchism and surrealism .
And it ’s always been my political conviction , really , anarchism and surrealism .
But if I went and said that on Stöð 2 news or on a talk show , that we are an anarchist party , then the public would place a different meaning on us .
“ This is n’t Jón Gnarr , this is some sort of crazy anarchist party , ” they would say .
Maybe it ’s just Gnarrism ?
And on the political compass , anarchism is to the left .
But I am against a hegemony that dictates what one should do .
Banning things .
Banning strip clubs and internet access .
I ca n’t sign on that .
What ’s it to me if someone wants to spend their time on in strip clubs or smoking crack or surfing the web for pornography .
I think the political parties in Iceland are at such a dead end .
They are done .
A May Day rally in Santa Cruz erupted into chaos Saturday night when about 200 protesters , some with torches , stormed the city 's main street .
Some smashed windows and spray - painted anarchist graffiti , police said .
Jimi Haynes , 24 , was arrested on suspicion of felony vandalism after witnesses saw him shatter two windows at a Pacific Avenue jewelry store , police said .
They said Haynes , a parolee from Fresno County , had been in Santa Cruz for several weeks and had learned of the rally by picking up a flyer at a " local anarchist cafe . "
WASHINGTON — Former Citigroup Inc. Chief Executive Charles Prince expressed shame and contrition during a three - hour grilling by a congressional panel scrutinizing the financial crisis .
But Robert Rubin , the former U.S. Treasury secretary who led Citigroup 's executive committee , defiantly defended his role in decisions that led to gigantic losses at the bank .
Thursday 's hearing by the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission broke the recent silence by the two men about their culpability for more than $ 58 billion in write - downs by Citigroup on assets tied to risky subprime mortgages and other financial instruments .
Mr. Prince has said little about Citi's problems since resigning under pressure in November 2007 , while Mr. Rubin has been mostly quiet since announcing his retirement early last year .
Mr. Rubin reiterated his previous defense that his role was peripheral to the New York company 's main operations even though he was one of its highest - paid officials .
He noted repeatedly during the testy hearing that he did n't want to hold the same kind of " significant operational responsibility " at Citigroup that he had as Treasury secretary or while working at Goldman Sachs Group Inc .
Even his lofty title at Citigroup did n't involve frequent meetings and " was n't a substantive part of the decision - making process , " Mr. Rubin told the panel .
In contrast , Mr. Prince departed from his prepared testimony by saying " I 'm sorry " three times that the crisis had such a " devastating " impact on the economy , millions of Americans " lost their homes , " and " our management team , starting with me , " did n't foresee the " unprecedented market collapse . "
The Daytona™ data management system is used by AT&T to solve a wide spectrum of data management problems .
For example , Daytona is managing a 4 terabyte data warehouse whose largest table contains over 10 billion rows .
Daytona 's architecture is based on translating its high - level query language Cymbal ( which includes SQL as a subset ) completely into C and then compiling that C into object code .
The system resulting from this architecture is fast , powerful , easy to use and administer , reliable and open to UNIX™ tools .
In particular , two forms of data compression plus robust horizontal partitioning enable Daytona to handle terabytes with ease .
Port St. Lucie 's school system has an interesting way of dealing with disruptive students .
The same school district that allowed an autistic boy to be voted out of kindergarten class for being a bit unruly has a far worse penalty for 6 - year - old little girls .
Handcuffs and straight jackets .
A Parkway Elementary School student was cuffed and sent to an adult mental institution earlier this month after she through a temper tantrum in the middle of class , reports TCPalm.com .
The little girl was handcuffed by a Sheriff 's Office deputy " for her safety and the safety of others , " a police report said .
The incident report said the girl was hitting school officials and screaming , although it 's unclear what brought on the tantrum .
The handcuffs worked because the little girl calmed down after an hour in the tight silver bracelets , but her troubles were just beginning .
A few days later , the girl had another fit , allegedly hitting the school 's principal in the stomach .
The principal , who was eight months pregnant , called the same deputy , who then tossed the little girl in the back of his patrol car and transported her to the local adult mental institution .
" These people are going to the extreme , " said Kathy Franklin , the girl 's mother .
School board officials will most likely investigate the incident , much like they did when 5 - year - old Alex Barton was voted out of class two years ago for being disruptive in class .
Turns out Barton had a form of autism and his mother is now suing the school board .
The Affordable Care Act includes a number of important provisions that will put you – not the insurance companies – in control of your health care .
And as the New York Times points out today , the new law is already prompting an end to some of the worst insurance company practices .
The Times notes :
Americans are already starting to see the benefits of health care reform .
The new law requires health insurance companies — starting in September — to end their most indefensible practice : rescinding coverage after a policyholder gets sick .
In recent days insurers and their trade association have rushed to announce that they will end rescissions immediately .
That is very good news for the thousands of people who each year pay their premiums but lose their coverage just when they are likely to run up big medical bills .
The announcement regarding rescissions was yet another piece of good news for consumers .
In recent week , insurers have been responding to the new law .
The Times writes :
This follows a recent agreement by many companies to start letting dependents stay on their parents ’ policies until age 26 , which is n’t required until September .
Under pressure from the White House , the industry has also agreed to cover children with pre-existing medical conditions as soon as new rules are issued .
Many of the other major provisions of reform do n’t kick in until 2014 , but it is already changing the behavior of insurers .
That means more security for many Americans who might otherwise find insurance unaffordable or unavailable .
Read the whole editorial here .
Dan Pfeiffer is White House Communications Director
VISALIA , Calif . —
After four years of maintaining his innocence about doping charges that ruined his reputation and caused him to be stripped of his 2006 Tour de France title , the American cyclist Floyd Landis has sent e-mail messages to several cycling officials in the United States and in Europe in which he admits using performance - enhancing drugs for most of his career .
Two of those officials said that Landis ’s messages provided a detailed description of doping that began in 2002 , Landis ’s first year alongside Lance Armstrong .
Both were riding for the successful but now - defunct United States Postal Service team .
The two officials who received the e-mail messages did not want their names published , citing continuing investigations , including by federal authorities , into the content of the messages .
In the messages , which were first reported by The Wall Street Journal , Landis accused other top American cyclists on the Postal Service team , including Armstrong , of using performance - enhancing drugs and methods .
Other cyclists named were George Hincapie , the current United States road racing national champion ; Levi Leipheimer , the three - time Tour of California champion ; and David Zabriskie , the five - time United States time trial champion .
“ I would say I ’m surprised , but I ’m not , ” Armstrong said Thursday morning before competing in Stage 5 of the Tour of California .
Armstrong said that Landis had been sending him e-mail and text messages for the past couple of years suggesting that he would go public with accusations about him and that the messages reached “ a fever pitch ” last month .
You ’d think Facebook would be more proactive in monitoring their groups , however a new group which is calling for Obama ’s death has surpassed 1 million users .
Another group which calls on Facebook to delete the group , is also rapidly approaching 1 million users .
While Facebook supports freedom of speech , calling on the death of an individual ( let alone the President ) definitely crosses the line .
The group also happens to be filled with racist and generally hateful comment .
Facebook has a track record of letting questionable groups rise in number , however we believe that allowing this group to continue to grow is an oversight on Facebook ’s part .
The group is called , “ DEAR LORD , THIS YEAR YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTOR , PATRICK SWAYZIE .
YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTRESS , FARAH FAWCETT .
YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE SINGER , MICHAEL JACKSON .
I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW , MY FAVORITE PRESIDENT IS BARACK OBAMA .
AMEN ” ( and can be found here ) .
It ’s as though the members of the group are reposting all the anti-Obama campaign material , much of which was completely false .
Between pictures of an economic jet being piloted into a volcanic ash cloud ( which supposedly represents Obama ) and cartoons associating Obama to Hitler , the group has definitely violated Facebook ’s terms of service as far as I ’m concerned .
Look for the group to be deleted by the end of day .
Where do you think the line should be drawn when it comes to negative groups on Facebook ?
Extraordinary causes sometimes require extraordinary measures , and so it was that four young gorillas found themselves being airlifted to sanctuary last month .
UN peacekeepers used helicopters to fly the apes from a battle zone in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
The gorillas had been rescued from traffickers in the country 's rebel - infested east and faced being eaten .
These animals are eastern lowland gorillas – a species that only survives in the DRC – and were flown from Goma to the Kasugho sanctuary in North Kivu province .
The use of air transport was crucial to the mission , conservation experts insisted .
" If you use vehicles , there is a great risk of losing the animals because they are traumatised .
We used aircraft because we really wanted to reduce their stress level , " said Benoit Kisuki , country director of the charity Conservation International .
The rescue project is part of a larger mission which has been set up to combat Africa 's illegal trade in baby gorillas .
This has intensified in recent years with the proliferation of armed groups in the DRC .
Gorillas are often caught and sold for thousands of dollars as exotic pets .
Others are killed and sold locally as " bush meat " .
Today only 5,000 eastern lowland gorillas are thought to survive in the wild .
The rescued gorillas have been given homes at a research centre where scientists can monitor their health before releasing them back into the wild .
A further six gorillas , currently under protection in Rwanda , are due to be flown to the sanctuary on 10 June to " socialise " with the first group .
Conservationists say these great apes could become a valuable asset for the future economic development of the region .
Gorillas have become a major tourist attraction in Uganda and Rwanda .
By contrast , Congo 's gorillas have suffered the effects of years of warfare and more than 150 rangers have been killed trying to protect the area 's five national parks from poachers .
A new UN - backed report says gorillas may become near - extinct in Africa 's Greater Congo Basin by the mid-2020s unless action is taken to stop poaching and protect their habitat .
However , while BP has overall responsibility , sometimes ( as in the accident itself ) some of the problems may arise from those subcontractors tasked with some of the work , of which more anon .
The Gulf oil spill continues to generate headlines , and ABC News has been running the story at the top , or close to the top of its evening World News with Diane Sawyer .
This photo was at the top of the page on Sunday morning .
Their coverage , as with the most recent comments from the Administration , are increasingly unfavorable to BP .
Part of the ABC story deals with a drop in the production volumes that are being picked up by the riser insertion tube ( RIT ) that is taking oil from the leak to storage tanks on the surface .
BP spokesman John Curry told The Associated Press on Sunday that a mile - long tube inserted into the leaking well siphoned some 57,120 gallons of oil ( 1,360 barrels a day ) within the past 24 hours , a sharp drop from the 92,400 gallons of oil a day ( 2,200 bd ) ( and 15 million cf of natural gas ) that the device was sucking up on Friday .
However , the company has said the amount of oil siphoned will vary widely from day to day .
Both of those numbers are significantly short of the 5,000 bd that the system was anticipated to remove from the riser , thereby significantly lowering the amount that is piped to the surface .
At the same time there is an Op - Ed piece that has just run in the NYT which suggests , based in part on the measurements at Purdue from the oil venting video , that the real flow rate is around 40 – 100,000 barrels a day .
BP have not released some of the information that would allow ball - park calculations of the actual flow , despite their claim to be open and transparent ( I included the Unified Command in that decision initially but they do n’t have that ability and I recognize the error ) .
But there are some some factors that should perhaps be considered in evaluating the possible accuracy of these estimates ( recognizing that there may never be a way of making an accurate assessment , though there now is a group , including the folk from Purdue , that will provide a final analysis that will be peer - reviewed and released to the public ) .
In an earlier post , BP had noted that the pressures that they were recording at the top of the well , and across the BOP were lower than they had anticipated , and that they were falling .
They need to have this information before they inject the mud into the bottom end of the riser to do the top kill later this week .
The Op - Ed piece suggested that this will only limit the leak , but if the kill works it will actually stop the leak and allow a cement plug to be placed at the top of the well , sealing it from leaking .
However the mud must be injected at a pressure greater than that within the well itself , and in sufficient volume that it will flow down the well , rather than through the BOP and out the broken riser .
This is achieved by raising the flow level to such a value ( in this case 1,680 gal / min of mud ) that there is too much resistance for this to flow through the gap in the BOP and the flow therefore pushes back down the well , filling it with mud with sufficient density that it will overcome the pressure at the bottom of the well .
Now the pressure along the passage that oil and gas makes as it goes from the reservoir , up through the initial well , through the BOP , down the riser , and then either into the RIT or out into the ocean , undergoes several pressure drops .
With each drop the gas content will preferentially expand more and take up a greater volume of the total flow space .
Outflow at the riser ( AP feed at 11 am 23 - 5 - 2010 )
However the gas is still intermixed with the oil , and not knowing the relative points of pressure change ( recognizing that the presence of the RIT , flaps and the drill pipe all constrain the flow area out of the riser ) the velocity component from gas expansion cannot be properly estimated .
Thus taking spot velocity measurements do n’t really help much in estimating the average velocity of the flow , and have no bearing on the actual oil : gas ratio at that point ) .
After I wrote this and , as Monkeyfister noted in comments yesterday , there appears to have been a significant increase in the flow , relative to that shown in the frame above - but this may depend on where the camera is , and that view may have changed by the time that you look at the live feed .
The dispersant flow seems to be a smaller part of the overall flow volume , implying that this has increased .
It could mean that there has been further erosion of the orifice through the BOP or that there is some problem with the RIT , and that less of the oil and gas is going up that channel .
To assess the possible size of the total flow one might consider the flows from existing wells in the Gulf , and as Euan Mearns has pointed out , if you look at the Thunder Horse platform after it had four wells in production ( with their construction designed to ease fluid flow out of the formation to the well and production lines ) it was averaging 50,000 barrels per day of oil equivalent per well .
This well is not in such a productive zone .
Also , the well is producing through a badly damaged cement liner , and a complex path to the well head , and from a shallower depth , so that the differential pressure will likely be less .
The constraint from the damaged BOP will probably add additional resistance to the flow , and thus it is hard to see how the flow could get near 50,000 barrels per day .
On the other hand it is not clear what diverting a considerable resource , currently being directed at stopping the flow , to measuring the flow volume would achieve .
The booms , siphoning ships and control burns are operating to scoop up the oil as fast as they can .
The system fielded is using about as much resource as is available , and as the Admiral has noted , is not constrained by estimates of the well flow volume .
Which brings me back to my opening thought .
The ABC stories at the end of the week were focused on the arrival of the oil and emulsion on the shores of Louisiana .
The question that I had in an earlier post was as to why the oil was getting there , when there had been so much effort put into erecting barriers to prevent that happening .
There are over 300 miles of boom that have been fielded .
Admiral Landry addressed that in her comments at the press conference on Friday , noting that oil had come ashore at Terrebonne Parish , in Louisiana .
She was disappointed to note that the boom had been pre-staged in Terrebonne Parish , and that skimmers were there , but folks had hesitated to deploy them .
Thus while other areas along the shore had been more aggressive and successful in controlling the oil , that there had not been the same kind of action in Terrebonne Parish , resulting in a lack of success there – however she noted that this will change .
( Something missing from the ABC reports , which focus more on the inability of BP to stop the oil from coming ashore . )
Weather conditions are just about optimal for cleanup , so that while skimmers would normally only get 10 – 15 % of the oil , they have been achieving 50 - 60 % recovery , the burns have been very successful and sustained , while the use of the dispersant at depth means that there is not that much oil coming to the surface to be dealt with .
( It is too calm to use surface dispersants since they need some turbulence to mix with the oil . )
However the problem will only start to diminish after the well stops emitting oil .
The most likely step to stop this is the top kill , scheduled for this week , though the process must be thoroughly reviewed by the MMS before it is implemented .
BP will use the Q4000 as the vehicle to carry out the kill .
This has two Schlumerger MD 1000 pumps which will likely be fitted to deliver the highest flow rate ( which gives a maximum pressure of 6,800 psi or around 4,300 psi differential to the water pressure at the well .
The pressure can be increased to 20,000 psi but at much lower flow rates ) .
The mud pumped will have a density that is about twice that of water .
They are still also looking at crimping the well , and doing a hot tap , should the top kill not work .
The attempt is currently anticipated to take place on Tuesday .
BERKELEY , CA— A study published in the latest issue of the Journal Of Social Sciences revealed that the amount of time spent being happy has dropped to an all - time low of 13 nonconsecutive seconds per day .
" According to our data , the average American experiences a 0.8 - second window of happiness upon awakening , before remembering that they 're conscious beings in a relentlessly bleak and numbing world , " said Dr. Derek Moore , lead author of the paper .
" Other periods of happiness include 1.9 seconds after a good meal ; 0.6 seconds upon receiving a paycheck ; 1.1 seconds following completion of a scientific study ; and the 2.5 seconds approaching orgasm , just before the guilt sets in . "
Researchers also recorded the smallest period of contentment yet , a 3.7 - millisecond interval preceding the realization that one was experiencing happiness and that it could not possibly last .
Advertisement
Though many things can be phallic , and at times some of us are more prone to see cock in things that do n’t necessarily look like wang , these below images leave little doubt of what they resemble .
Short , long , wide , skinny , shriveled … these members here can be appreciated by all .
… and speaking of penises , Apple probably has the biggest one ever right now .
Do n’t worry , it ’s safe for work .
Also , if you ever have a problem with seeing penis in the Men ’s room , maybe you ’re not following this “ handy ” guide .
Google Inc. said an internal investigation has discovered that the roving vans the company uses to create its online mapping services were mistakenly collecting data about websites people were visiting over wireless networks .
The Internet giant said it would stop collecting Wi -Fi data from its StreetView vans , which workers drive to capture street images and to locate Wi -Fi networks .
The company said it would dispose of the data it had accidentally collected .
Alan ...
The bacterial communities that live on human skin may form a bacterial fingerprint on the items that you touch .
In a new study led by microbiologists Rob Knight and Noah Fierer of the University of Colorado , Boulder , researchers swabbed three different keyboards and nine mice for bacteria , then compared the genomic variation between the communities to deduce whose hands had been touching what .
The people were clearly identifiable from the bacterial communities they 'd transferred to their computer input devices .
" The results demonstrate that bacterial DNA can be recovered from relatively small surfaces , that the composition of the keyboard - associated communities are distinct across the three keyboards , and that individuals leave unique bacterial ' fingerprints ' on their keyboards , " wrote Knight and his colleagues at the University of Colorado , Boulder in a new paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The results are the latest to show the variety and complexity of the bacterial communities living in a variety of different human ecosystems like the gut , saliva and skin .
The Human Microbiome Project at the Institute for Genome Sciences is out to catalog and understand the relationships between our bacteria and ourselves .
Early results suggest " our microbial partners may be essential for our survival as a species . "
Microbiome science is just a few years old .
It was only in the middle of the decade that sequencing and computational technology became available to do this kind of work .
Already , the work is beginning to rewrite what it means to be a human .
" If humans are thought of as a composite of microbial and human cells , the human genetic landscape as an aggregate of the genes in the human genome and the microbiome , and human metabolic features as a blend of human and microbial traits , then the picture that emerges is one of a human ‘ supra- organism ' , " argued a 2007 Nature paper lead - authored by Peter Turnbaugh , a Harvard microbiologist .
Despite the excitement , we 're just beginning to understand the bacterial community variations within a single body and between individuals .
The new study adds a helpful plank of knowledge in pointing out that human skin microbiomes are diverse enough to allow researchers to distinguish between people .
That 's a bit surprising as a 2008 article had found " a low level of interpersonal variation " in skin microbiomes relative to studies performed on gut bacteria .
While the most obvious implication of the work might seem to be that the skin microbiome technique could be used in forensic settings , this technique is not coming to a courtroom near you , said Jacques Ravel , a microbiologist at the University of Maryland who works on both the human microbiome and more general forensic science .
" It 's a nice piece of work but the forensic aspect as far as I 'm concerned is the weakest , " Ravel concluded .
The researchers will need a lot more evidence that human microbiomes do n't change rapidly in time — and that bacterial communities transferred to keyboards endure with few changes .
Without that proof , Ravel said , the technique is unlikely to be used in real - world forensics , where evidence is often collected long after contact with a keyboard or other surface would have ceased .
Forensic scientists will also just need more data on variations in skin microbiomes to reduce the uncertainty associated with identifications .
" When we do a human genotyping for forensics , we can tell you this is the person and there is one chance in X billion that it is someone else , " Ravel said .
" Here , they do n't have that power .
They can't tell you that .
The statistics support is still very weak .
You can't bring that in the courtroom . "
There is one forensic niche , though , where the microbiome could eventually come in handy : identical twins .
A 2008 study found that identical twins showed substantial gut bacteria variation .
Skin microbiomes could be similar .
" Even identical twins harbor substantially different microbial communities , suggesting that the collective genomes of our microbial symbionts may be more personally identifying than our own human genomes , " the Colorado researchers conclude .
Citation : " Forensic identification using skin bacterial communities " in PNAS by Noah Fierer et al .
Image : flickr / 6x7
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Rosie Huntington - Whitley – Click above for high - res image gallery
Please excuse us while we take a little trip down TMZ lane .
Word on the web is we now know who will be replacing Megan Fox in the next scintillating Transformers flick .
Shia Labeouf will be locking lips with none other than Rosie Huntington - Whitley .
Who is that , exactly ?
Good question .
Huntington - Whiteley has spent the majority of her days prancing down a runway in her unmentionables as a Victoria Secret model .
The best part ?
The 23 year - old model - turned actress does n't have a drop of acting experience .
The jokes write themselves .
Fox was reportedly kicked out of the story line to give the main character a new love interest , though rumor was that the actress had also spent her off time berating director Michael Bay for any number of perceived character flaws .
Our guess is Bay got tired of hearing the insults and told Fox to take a hike .
Now back to your regularly scheduled content .
Part of an ongoing series on the environmental impacts of the Gulf oil spill .
If efforts fail to cap the leaking Deepwater Horizon wellhead in the Gulf of Mexico ( map ) , oil could gush for years — poisoning coastal habitats for decades , experts say .
Last week the joint federal - industry task force charged with managing the spill tried unsuccessfully to lower a 93 - ton containment dome ( pictures ) over one of three ruptures in the rig 's downed pipe .
Crystals of methane hydrates in the freezing depths clogged an opening on the box , preventing it from funneling the spouting oil up to a waiting ship .
Watch video of the failed attempt to cap the leaking pipe .
Yesterday a smaller dome was laid on the seafloor near the faulty well , and officials will attempt to install the structure later this week .
But such recovery operations have never been done before in the extreme deep - sea environment around the wellhead , noted Matthew Simmons , retired chair of the energy - industry investment banking firm Simmons & Company International .
For instance , at the depth of the gushing wellhead — 5,000 feet ( about 1,500 meters ) — containment technologies have to withstand extremely high pressures .
Also , slant drilling — a technique used to relieve pressure near the leak — is difficult at these depths , because the relief well has to tap into the original pipe , a tiny target at about 7 inches ( 18 centimeters ) wide , Simmons noted .
" We do n't have any idea how to stop this , " Simmons said of the Gulf leak .
Some of the proposed strategies — such as temporarily plugging the leaking pipe with a jet of golf balls and other material — are a " joke , " he added .
" We really are in unprecedented waters . "
Gulf Oil Reservoir Bleeding Dry
If the oil can't be stopped , the underground reservoir may continue bleeding until it 's dry , Simmons suggested .
The most recent estimates are that the leaking wellhead has been spewing 5,000 barrels ( 210,000 gallons , or 795,000 liters ) of oil a day .
And the oil is still flowing robustly , which suggests that the reserve " would take years to deplete , " said David Rensink , incoming president of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists .
" You 're talking about a reservoir that could have tens of millions of barrels in it . "
At that rate , it 's possible the Gulf oil spill 's damage to the environment will have lingering effects akin to those of the largest oil spill in history , which happened in Saudi Arabia in 1991 , said Miles Hayes , co-founder of the science - and - technology consulting firm Research Planning , Inc. , based in South Carolina .
During the Gulf War , the Iraqi military intentionally spilled up to 336 million gallons ( about 1.3 billion liters ) of oil into the Persian Gulf ( map ) to slow U.S. troop advances , according to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Hayes was part of a team that later studied the environmental impacts of the spill , which impacted about 500 miles ( 800 kilometers ) of Saudi Arabian coastline .
The scientists discovered a " tremendous " amount of oiled sediment remained on the Saudi coast 12 years after the spill — about 3 million cubic feet ( 856,000 cubic meters ) .
( See " Exxon Valdez Anniversary : 20 Years Later , Oil Remains . " )
Oil Spills Create Toxic Marshes
Perhaps most sobering for the marsh - covered U.S. Gulf Coast , the 2003 report found that the Saudi oil spill was most toxic to the region 's marshes and mud flats .
Up to 89 percent of the Saudi marshes and 71 percent of the mud flats had not bounced back after 12 years , the team discovered .
( See pictures of freshwater plants and animals . )
" It was amazing to stand there and look across what used to be a salt marsh and it was all dead — not even a live crab , " Hayes said .
Saudi and U.S. Gulf Coast marshes are n't exactly the same — Saudi marshes sit in saltier waters , and the Middle Eastern climate is more arid , for example .
" But to some extent they serve the same ecological function , which is extremely important , " he said .
As the nurseries for much of the sea life in the Gulf of Mexico , coastal marshes are vital to the ecosystem and the U.S. seafood industry .
It 's also much harder to remove oil from coastal marshes , since some management techniques — such as controlled burns — are more challenging in those environments , said Texas Tech University ecotoxicologist Ron Kendall .
" Once it gets in there , we 're not getting it out , " he said .
( See pictures of ten animals threatened by the Gulf oil spill . )
Gulf Coast Should " Plan for the Worst "
Depth is n't the only factor that can stymie attempts to plug an oil leak .
The 1979 Ixtoc oil spill , also in the Gulf of Mexico , took nine months to cap .
During that time the well spewed 140 million gallons ( 530 million liters ) of oil — and the Ixtoc well was only about 160 feet ( 49 meters ) deep , noted retired energy investment banker Simmons .
Efforts to contain the Ixtoc leak were complicated by poor visibility in the water and debris from the wrecked rig on the seafloor .
Also , the high pressure of oil in the well ruptured valves in the blowout preventer , a device designed to automatically cap an out - of - control - well .
Recovery workers had to drill relief wells nearby before divers could cap the leak .
In general , Simmons added , officials scrambling to cap the Deepwater Horizon well should be working just as hard to protect the shorelines in what could become a protracted event .
No , Nope , Nay , Naw , Nyet …
The GOP has run out of ideas .
It was supposed to be a GOP ideas factory that would fill the leadership vacuum on the right after Barack Obama ’s landslide election .
The National Council for a New America was supposed to be , in the words of founder Rep. Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) , " a conversation with the American people " to " develop innovative solutions that meet the serious challenges confronting our country . "
But , Roll Call reports , the group is now dead one year after it launched to what , in hindsight , appears to be excessive media coverage of an entity that had n’t actually done anything .
" Republican Party plans comeback " declared CNN ; " GOP recasts brand , sans wedge issues , " said Politico ; " GOP Forms Ideas Coalition " said National Journal .
In fact , there were no less than 5,000 positive media hits for the National Council for a New America , Cantor ’s spokesman told Roll Call .
Despite all that , the national conversation never really happened .
There was only one town hall meeting attended by GOP heavyweights , in Arlington , Virginia .
Roll Call reports that the Cantor camp is blaming " liberals " for killing the group :
" It ’s very simple , " said Rob Collins , president of the American Action Network and Cantor ’s former deputy chief of staff .
" The NCNA dominated the national media so effectively that liberals in and out of Congress — including [ Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ] — attacked it . "
… [ emphasis added ]
Ken Kwapis
( “ The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants , ” “ License to Wed ” ) is attached to direct a live - action film adaptation of Scott Adams ’ comic strip “ Dilbert ” for Phoenix Entertainment and Intrigue Entertainment reports Pajiba .
Kicking off in 1989 and still running today , the comic follows an engineer in a white - collar , micromanaged company and satirises office politics and bureaucracy .
He also has a pet named Dogbert .
Kwapis has a familiarity with the subject matter considering he has helmed quite a few episodes of the rather similar sitcom “ The Office ” .
Tariq Jalil ( “ Marmaduke ” ) is producing .
The comic was previously adapted into an animated series in 1999 .
The heat is going out of the day at the marina at the end of Grand Isle and under a raised metal roof workers slump exhausted , lying on benches , heads on tables .
They 've been out in the sun all day dressed up in heavy boots and protective overalls collecting tar balls off the beach .
I ask one of the workers , Barbara , if she saw President Obama , although I know the answer : no - one did , except politicians , officials and journalists .
" Uh huh .
I saw him land , " she tells me .
So is he doing enough ?
" I am sure he wants to stop it , just like everybody else .
You can see what kind of community this is .
All along this area it 's nothing but people fishing .
I can't say that he 's not doing enough .
He took responsibility because he 's the chief , but it 's basically BPs fault . "
As we finish talking Paul , a young man with dreadlocks shouts out : " Its BP , BP 's fault not Obama . "
Grand Isle is a pretty place , at the very end of a finger of Louisiana that sticks into the Gulf of Mexico , surrounded by green marshlands and little water ways .
It is here that Obama came to make his pitch .
He only spent about four hours in Louisiana , walking along the beach , picking up tar balls , hold a meeting and making a statement .
He said that the buck stopped with him as the president , and tried to show he shared their pain .
He said :
" It 's an assault on our shores , on our people , on the regional economy , and on communities like this one .
" This is n't just a mess that we 've got to mop up .
People are watching their livelihoods wash up on the beach .
Parents are worried about the implications for their children 's health .
" Every resident of this community has watched this nightmare threaten the dreams that they 've worked so hard to build .
And they want it made right , and they want to make it right now . "
Then he flew off .
At the marina a bar runs along one jetty .
They 're selling beer , bloody marys and tar ball shots .
Jagermeister and jello , I 'm told .
A group of friends clutching beer in coolers are laughing uproariously .
They come fishing for speckled trout and underneath their good humour they are deeply unimpressed with the president , one man says .
" He 's doing a terrible job .
He 's not taking control .
There 's no coordination on the clean up they 're letting BP run the whole show . "
Another drinker tell me : " He 's being a real politician trying to cover his ass .
He says he 's calling the shot but how can he be calling the shots when he does n't know what BP is doing ? "
His wife comes up and says her six - year - old grandson wants to go to the beach .
" There 's the oil sheen .
I can't put my grandson in that , " she says .
Frustration is a word the White House uses a lot .
But it is a good word - even better than blame .
There is a sense here , in this lovely strip of land , that someone , something just has to step in and stop this hurt and devastation .
Troubled US government - backed mortgage firm Freddie Mac on Wednesday asked for an additional 10.6 billion dollars from the Treasury Department to cover losses .
Announcing a 6.7 billion dollar loss in the first quarter , Freddie Mac said it would need the new funding by June 30 this year .
The Washington - based company has already received more than 50 billion dollars in taxpayers cash to cover losses from toxic assets .
ADVERTISEMENT
It also warned that further demands would be on the way .
“ Freddie Mac expects to request additional draws , ” it said in a statement .
“ The size and timing of such draws will be determined by a variety of factors that could adversely affect the company ’s net worth . ”
Howie Hawkins of Syracuse announced his campaign for Governor of New York as a Green Party candidate in an Albany press conference on May 4th .
The Green Party of New York will officially nominate candidates for statewide office at its May 15th nominating convention in Albany .
If the Green Party candidate for governor earns at least 50,000 votes this year , the party will regain ballot status for the next four years , making it significantly easier to run candidates at all levels .
Video of Howie Hawkins ’ campaign announcement from David Doonan :
Hawkins for Governor from david doonan on Vimeo .
Time Warner ’s YNN network covered the announcement .
Read on for Hawkins ’ statement “ Why We Are Running ” from his website www.HowieHawkins.com/2010 :
Why We Are Running
The basic issue in this campaign is :
Will our state government be for the people , or continue to serve the super - rich and the giant corporations ?
We are running because we are on the side of the people .
We are running – we , not me – because I cannot win the goals of our campaign alone .
I will not have the tens of millions of dollars for media advertising that the corporate - financed Democratic and Republican candidates will have .
But organized people can beat organized money .
As the candidate , I am one spokesperson for this campaign .
But we all need to be organizers and spokespeople for this campaign with our family , friends , co-workers , and neighborhood and internet communities .
We are running because only a grassroots movement of people reaching people by word of mouth can swell to the critical mass we need to achieve our goals .
Personal contact is far more influential and persuasive than 30 - second TV and radio spots .
Every one of us can win over tens or hundreds or thousands of voters by consistent , persistent activity over the course of the campaign .
We are running to offer a real alternative to the two - party system of corporate rule .
The Democrats have replaced the Republicans in the State House and the Governor ’s Mansion , and in Congress and the White House , but little has changed .
The two - party system is a very sophisticated scheme for presenting the illusion of real choice when both major parties are funded by the same corporate , financial , and real estate interests .
Whether the A Team of Republicans or the B Team of Democrats are in the majority , it is still corporate power dictating policy .
The ongoing Wall Street bailout is the greatest transfer of wealth in world history .
If our schools were banks , they would have been bailed out .
Instead the creditor class of wealthy elites is making the borrower class of working and middle class taxpayers pay for the whole bailout for their bad investments through higher taxes , lower wages and benefits , and cuts in public services .
The catastrophic destruction of our climate and oceans is accelerating , but the incumbent fossil fuel and nuclear corporations still capture far more government subsidies than clean , renewable energy .
Whether it is job creation , health care , housing , or the environment , the government sides with the corporate vested interests against the broad public interest .
The progressives and independents who voted the Republicans out and the Democrats in are now taken for granted by the Democrats in power , because these voters have no where else to take their votes .
We are running to give these voters a place to go .
50,000 Votes Wins a Green Party Ballot Line
One key goal of our campaign is to build the Green Party as a powerful , well - organized alternative to the corporate state ’s two - party system .
With 50,000 + votes for the Green gubernatorial ticket – a very achievable goal – the Green Party wins a permanent ballot line and reasonable ballot petitioning requirements for the next four years , enabling us to contest elections at every level as we continue to build our movement .
We are building this campaign county by county to leave in place a grassroots party organization that can carry on the movement for our policy platform after the November 2 election .
Putting Our Solutions into Public Debate
A second goal of our campaign is to move the policy debate in New York .
We are going to present before the public – and make the mass media and corporate candidates deal with – our platform of solutions to the problems we face : progressive taxation and revenue sharing , fully funded schools , full employment , single - payer health care , renewable energy , a state bank to finance a sustainable green economic revival , clean government , proportional representation , and more .
Building Independent Power
We wo n’t be completely satisfied unless we win the office .
But if that turns out to be beyond our reach in this election , every vote we win and every person we recruit to the movement builds our power .
Our power is based on our political independence from the corporate interests and their political representatives in both corporate parties .
Our votes can not be taken for granted .
We will make the politicians and the policy debate in the media and in our communities deal with our solutions .
We will lay the foundation for winning future elections .
Join Us : Donate , Volunteer , Vote
This website is your resource to find out about campaign activities and our policy positions as they develop .
Much more information and interactive features will be added as the campaign develops .
But before you leave this website today , however , please visit the three links that will connect you with the campaign :
Donate : Even a grassroots campaign needs money to print literature , mail fundraising appeals , pay organizers , and , yes , do some media advertising .
We can go a long way if we can reach our minimum goal of $ 100,000 .
It will give us credibility with the media and debate organizers as well as fund an effective grassroots campaign .
That will take a lot of small contributors , including you .
Please contribute what you can and consider the recurring donation option for the course of the campaign .
Volunteer : Sign up and indicate your interests .
We will get back to you and help you .
Green Voter Pledge :
We are taking names .
We want at least 50,000 voters pledged to vote the Green ticket by the election on November 2 .
We will remind them and help them get to the polls on Election Day .
Sign the voter pledge and ask other supporters you identify to sign the voter pledge .
It ’s up to us .
Millions of New Yorkers are angry about the corruption and incompetence in Albany that is assaulting our standard of living to pay for the Wall Street bailout .
The anti-incumbent mood is palpable .
We can reach those New Yorkers .
The people have enormous power if they use their political rights and votes .
If each of us joins in to do our own part , we can build a powerful movement to put our government on the people ’s side .
I look forward to campaigning with you .
Together we will make a difference for the better .
Howie Hawkins
May 3 , 2010
Learn more about Howie Hawkins ’ campaign and how you can help at www.HowieHawkins.com/2010
Is Doctor Who getting too scary for kids ?
Children back behind the sofa as vampires strike
During the 1970s terrified children would hide behind the sofa in a bid to escape the Daleks .
But these days Doctor
Who fans have a lot more to be frightened of than a slow moving piece of tin made from a rubbish bin .
The next episode will see the Doctor attacked by a clan of vampires wielding sharp fangs , as he visits 17th century Venice .
Too scary for children ?
Young fans will be cowering behind the sofa as vampires attack in the next episode of Doctor Who
The fifth series has already seen the Doctor face the Weeping Angels , the terrifying Smilers , and the old favourites the Daleks .
The show 's new writer Steven Moffat has made it clear that he aims to scare , with some ' spine chilling ' scenes .
' We 're now going for proper scares in four and five , so some good spine chilling stuff on its way , ' he said .
' If you took a vote amongst the playgrounds of Britain they 'd all be saying ' make it scary , you 're meant to be behind that sofa !'
Watch out :
The Doctor , played by Matt Smith , grabs Amy Pond , played by Karen Gillan , as they face a 17th Century vampire clan
But as the aliens get ever more inventive , parents are sure to question whether their children can handle the excitement .
One wrote on the MailOnline : ' I caught the last few minutes of it on Saturday and commented that it probably would have scared the living daylights out of me if I had seen that aged around 9 or 10 .
' Nowadays I think kids must be becoming de-sensitised . '
Another viewer loved the thrill .
' I was hiding behind the cushions and occasionally watching through the crack of the living room door in the 1970's and I loved every chilling minute of it !
' It was just as scary then as it is now . '
Blood - suckers : Clan leader Rosanna , played by Helen McCrory , and Francesco , played by Alex Price The BBC has come under fire for being ' too scary ' before , with an episode featuring alien - possessed corpses back in 2005 .
Then they said the content was ' carefully considered ' for the pre-watershed audience .
The show is aimed at the family market , with this week 's episode to be broadcast at 6 pm .
But it has already drawn complaints from some about the miniskirts worn by the Doctor 's leggy assistant Amy Pond , played by Karen Gillan .
Last week 's episode even saw her attempt to seduce The Doctor , played by Matt Smith , pushing him up against the side of the tardis in her bedroom .
Saving the world :
The Doctor brandishes his sonic screwdriver as he prepares to tackle the House of Calvierri She joked about how long it was since the 907 - year - old Time Lord last had sex , making suggestive innuendoes and provocatively lying down on the bed in front of him .
Fans were unimpressed with the development .
Patrick , from Slough , commented : ' Wrong wrong wrong ..
Basic rule has always been - ' No sex in the TARDIS '
' The Doctor 's essential ' otherness ' is destroyed if he gets sexually involved with his companions . '
And Soaks from Sevenoaks wrote : ' Many children look up to Dr Who so what message are you sending out to young girls and boys ?
Why not change the record and bring in intelligent , classy women ? '
This week 's upcoming episode , written by Toby Whithouse , sees the Doctor , played by Matt Smith , taking Amy for a romantic mini- break in Venice .
But when the Tardis lands in the city , they discover dessicated corpses and terror in the canal .
They need to get past the blood - sucking residents of the House of Calvierri and the rest of the scary vampire killers .
Two extremely dense stars in an intimate dance are spinning around each other in just 5.4 minutes — making them the fastest known stellar partners in the galaxy , astronomers have confirmed .
To have such a speedy orbit , the stars must be moving at about 310 miles ( 500 kilometers ) a second , the team calculates .
The whirling duo , known as HM Cancri , also has the tightest orbit of any known " binary " star system .
( Related : " First Proof ' Tight ' Double Suns Can Have Planets . " )
Both stars are white dwarfs — the dense , white - hot remnants left behind when sunlike stars die .
The stellar corpses are separated by no more than three times the width of Earth .
In such tight quarters , hot gases flow between the two stars , releasing huge amounts of energy .
" This is the most extreme example of one of these double white dwarf systems we have so far , " said study co-author Danny Steeghs of the University of Warwick in the U.K .
Binary Stars ' Tell - tale " Wobble "
Study leader Gijs Roelofs , of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , was part of the team that first detected periodic x-ray emissions from HM Cancri in 1999 .
Initial observations had suggested a 5.4 - minute orbit , but the researchers were n't sure if the pulses of light were coming from two circling stars or one superfast spinner .
( Related : " Yearlong Star Eclipse May Help Solve Space Mystery . " )
To confirm the stars ' dizzying tango , Roelofs and colleagues turned to the world 's second largest optical telescope , at the W. M. Keck Observatory in Hawaii , where they measured " wobbles " in the system 's brightness .
" The amplitude of the wobble gives you an idea of the orbit period and the masses " of the stars , co-author Steeghs said .
What 's more , light emissions from the stars were found to be moving in opposite directions , as such emissions would for two orbiting bodies , cinching the case for a binary system .
HM Cancri's record - breaking orbit could n't get much quicker , Steeghs added , since the stars would merge if they got any closer , triggering a massive explosion known as a type Ia supernova .
( Related : " New Type of Supernova Discovered . " )
Overall , he said , three minutes would be the fastest a binary white dwarf system could get .
Footage of Polish air crash ' shows Russians executing survivors ' ... but is it a vile propaganda stunt ?
A video of the plane crash which killed the president of Poland apparently shows survivors being shot .
The film , which is being circulated on the internet , has fuelled conspiracy theories about the accident .
It purports to show armed Russian - speaking men killing passengers minutes after the crash which killed Lech Kaczynski and dozens of members of the Polish government and military elite .
The grainy , blurred footage - on which sounds like that of gun shots are heard - has been dismissed as a ' malicious hoax ' by a Russian aviation expert .
Scroll down for video
[ caption ]
Conspiracy ?
The ' security forces ' allegedly give chase to one of the survivors ... who appears to survive the crash before running away
Some Russian sources have claimed the video has been circulated in an attempt to smear Moscow by either Ukrainian or Georgian groups by implying that there may have been a planned operation to down the plane .
The video - which has been digitally manipulated , with subtitles added and certain segments slowed down or zoomed in on - is unclear .
No one is actually seen being shot on the footage .
Some internet viewers have pointed out inconsistencies , such as trees moving around .
There has been no official comment from the Moscow prosecutor general 's office , which is involved in the crash investigation .
Polish investigators have demanded more protection for the crash site from the Russians , and have secured permission for their own examination of the crash site .
[ caption ]
The official investigation has ruled out foul play as a cause of the crash in dense fog which killed all 96 people on board on April 10 .
Until now there has been no suggestion that anyone survived .
Claims include fears that vital Nato secrets and other classified military information fell into the hands of the Russian secret service in the aftermath of the flight and that a mystery woman was in the cockpit seconds before the crash .
Passengers on the doomed Tupolev - 154 were on their way to commemorate the anniversary of the Katyn massacre , in which some 22,000 officers were murdered by Soviet secret police in 1940 .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Many of the bodies from the crash were badly mutilated and could only be identified by DNA , but no reports have suggested bullet injuries to any of the passengers .
However , there have been unconfirmed reports that Andrej Sheremet , the Polish general prosecutor , believes the footage to have been made at the crash site in the forest near Smolensk .
Another conspiracy theory claimed that the journalist who either made or held the footage - named in some accounts as Andrei Menderei - was stabbed in the back in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev in the days following the crash .
It is then claimed that he died at a clinic in the city soon afterwards when his artificial respiration machine was turned off by unknown intruders .
Another Russian account suggests that the footage was filmed by someone living close to the crash site - and that later an ' incorrect and sensational interpretation ' was put on the film .
According to this theory , the gunshots heard were produced by the guns which were carried by the president 's security men , which discharged after being caught in fire .
None of this could be verified last night .
The Russian aviation expert , who asked not to be named , said last night : ' The use of this footage is a malicious hoax aimed at damaging Russia , nothing more and nothing less . '
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
The story was seized on yesterday by anti-Russian groups in the former Soviet Union and eastern Europe , and was spreading rapidly across the internet .
Meanwhile , analysis of one of the plane 's three black boxes suggests a woman 's voice is heard on the flight deck moments before the crash .
Investigators are probing whether a stewardess or a female aide to President Lech Kaczynski was in the cockpit - contrary to regulations - as it went down .
The plane had attempted to land at Smolensk airport in Russia despite receiving clear orders from ground control to fly on to Moscow or Minsk .
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
0 comments on Apr 12th , 2010 | : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable inon line
I love reading books and I love shopping for them .
Okay , let me rephrase that .
I love browsing through a bookstore , but I rarely buy a paper book these days , always preferring the digital version if one is available .
This duality of feelings and the certainty of the inevitable demise of the paper book in the future makes me a bit sad each time I go to a good bookstore .
The experience of going through the books , the quiet atmosphere and the simple joy of seeing so many colorful covers that represent books you have n’t yet read is an experience I am in no hurry to loose .
I am , however , already mourning its loss for my son ’s future .
In visiting a very nice bookshop with my family last month , I ended up discussing with my wife the future of bookstores as we know them , over a nice cup of coffee .
She asked me if I really thought all of that would end and I had to answer that I was certain of it .
I remember asking her to look around and to think how we could justify all those dead trees at a time when our planet needs every last one of them and when an alternative such as the iPad is readily available .
To that she reminded me that the iPad was not really inexpensive , a point I had to concede .
That , however , is only temporary .
An iPod Touch , basic model , costs today half of what the original iPod cost when it was first introduced in 2001 .
In fact , the top of the line 64GB iPod Touch costs exactly the same amount – $ 399 – as the that original iPod cost , which is just $ 100 less than the base iPad model .
Time works inexorably against the paper book .
In a few years time we will have cheaper iPads , as well as more powerful models which will dwarf what the current generation devices can do .
The basic act of reading a book on the iPad will probably change very little , just as the iPad plays music in pretty much the same way the first iPod did , but they will be more accessible to everyone .
The convenience of being able to buy books where ever you are and have them instantly available for reading beats having to go to a bookstore any day .
That goes for online purchases of paper books as well .
Why would you want to go online , order a book and then wait a couple of days for it to arrive ?
All the fantasizing about how wonderful an experience it is to hold a book in your hands is merely wishful thinking on the part of those that make a living from traditional publishing and are afraid of change or those who are averse to technology in general .
Try holding a book such as “ The Complete Works of William Shakespeare ” on your lap for a while to read it and come back and tell me just how wonderful an experience it was .
Let ’s get real about this , reading such a volume on an iPad ( or even a Kindle for that matter ) beats the hell out of holding a volume that weighs several kilos .
So , now that I have gone ahead and killed the paper book for the thousandth time , how can I keep my bookstores ?
Well , the idea was actually given to me by a friend while we were browsing through a huge bookstore during a trip to São Paulo , Brazil .
We were wondering through the bookshelves and he commented that he should be able to approach his eBook reader of the paper book on the shelf and have it immediately identified .
Once that happened he would have the pricing and the option to buy it , immediately downloading onto his device .
I just stood there with thoughts running through my head .
It hit me that a bookstore , with real paper books , makes a wonderful display to let people get to know about what books are available .
It also occurred to me that if actual sales were digital a bookstore could carry a much larger number of titles as it would not need to carry a large inventory of bestsellers .
All that would be needed of each book would be a couple of units to be on display .
Oddly , having those printed books to display gives a purpose for bookstores to exist , as they would continue to provide a valuable service as a venue to get titles in front of readers .
They also give a bit of purpose to publishers as they would provide a value added service of getting those volumes printed and distributed to the bookstores .
This does n’t sound much different than what we have today , however , there is a world of difference between having printed books that are for show and having them for actual sale .
In the scenario I describe , bookstores continue to be nice places you visit to get to know about new books that have been released and perhaps to peruse a title while sipping a nice cup of coffee .
It ’s a place where you take your kids to choose new books or where you go to pass some time before a meeting in a welcoming environment , it ’s not a place where you need to go to get a book .
You go there because you like doing so .
Of course , such a scenario is only an idealized concept , which might not be remotely viable financially .
However , even if it were viable it would require publishers to stop being dragged around by the nose by companies such as Amazon and Apple and start taking charge of where their business is going .
In a world were most people have access to a personal device which allows immediate purchase and reading of titles , trying to to stay attached to a model that forces people to go somewhere or to wait to get a book is certainty of failure .
Make no mistake , this world is coming and it is n’t even too far away .
Anyone that wishes to ignore this had better be very close to retiring .
UPDATE : Mike Cane has pointed me to the fact that I ’m late with this concept . 🙂
If you would like to see a forward thinking video of this concept , you can do so in his old blog about eBooks here .
Be sure to visit his current blog about the iPad .
Thanks Mike !
The video has about 45 seconds of blank display at the beginning .
It is in French , but has English subtitles .
Share this : Email
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
More
Google
Reddit
Related Posts :
Activision has released the first screenshots for all the five maps included in the upcoming Modern Warfare 2 : Resurgence DLC Map Pack , due June 3 on Xbox 360 .
The five new multiplayer maps included in the whole pack will cost you 1200 MS points ( $ 15 ) -
Carnival : set in an old amusement park .
Trailer Park : features super tight corridors and is described as “ a maze to get through ” .
Fuel : an oil refinery that ’s said to function as “ another sniper haven ” .
Vacant : remake from COD : Modern Warfare .
Strike : remake from COD : Modern Warfare .
By Steve Goddard
El Niño made it ’s last gasp this week .
Note that SST ’s in the equatorial Pacific went from above normal to below normal during the past few days .
http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa/climate/research/sst/plots.php
Is there a La Niña on the way ?
Most of the models said no in April , though it appears they may be already wrong – given that they forecast positive ENSO through the summer .
Two models forecast a very strong La Niña .
http://www.cpc.noaa.gov/products/analysis_monitoring/enso_advisory/ensodisc.pdf
The last El Niño to La Niña transition occurred in 2007 , and caused a sharp drop in GISS global temperatures .
http://www.woodfortrees.org/plot/gistemp/from:2006.9/to:2008.1
Most of the US had a miserably cold winter during the recently deceased El Niño .
It is not pleasant to think what a cold La Niña winter might bring .
http://www.hprcc.unl.edu/maps/current/index.php?action=update_userdate&daterange=DJF&year=10
Here was my prediction from February , 2010 :
Flashback to 2007 – SST To Plunge Again ?
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Little Billy witness his parents getting killed by Santa after being warned by his senile grandpa that Santa punishes those who are naughty .
Now Billy is 18 , and out of the orphanage , and he has just become Santa , himself .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Many UK airports are closed until Monday morning because of volcanic ash from Iceland , with more disruption likely over coming days .
The no-fly zone will also see Heathrow , Gatwick and London City shut from 0100 .
Manchester , Liverpool , East Midlands , Birmingham , Teesside , Norwich and Doncaster airports are among those closed in England .
Airports in Northern Ireland , parts of Scotland , some Scottish islands and the Isle of Man are also affected .
Travellers are urged to check with their airline .
The air traffic authority Nats said the Civil Aviation Authority had been forced to extend a no- fly zone imposed earlier on Sunday after the ash cloud had spread further south .
In England , other airports inside the no-fly zone include Humberside , Leeds Bradford , Blackpool , Sheffield , Doncaster and Carlisle .
In Wales , Caernarfon is the only airport affected .
All three Northern Ireland airports - Belfast International , George Best Belfast City Airport and City of Derry Airport - have also been shut .
Situation ' fluid '
In the Irish Republic , Dublin Airport is closed until at least 0900 on Monday .
Donegal , Sligo and Ireland West airports have been closed until 1200 on Monday , and Galway until 0900 .
Waterford Airport was due to close on Sunday evening until at least 0900 on Monday .
In Scotland , Prestwick airport , near Glasgow , said it would not " receive " any flights until 1245 on Monday .
Aberdeen airport said it will close between 0100 and 0700 on Monday .
The UK no -fly zones are set out by the Civil Aviation Authority using Met Office data .
Nats said London 's airports should remain clear of the no-fly zone until 0100 BST on Monday .
In a statement , it said the ash cloud would continue " to change shape and move further south to just north of Oxford during this period " .
A Met Office forecaster said ash which exceeded the acceptable level for flights would " clip " London in the early hours of Monday morning , but the plume would drift away during Monday night and Tuesday .
The cloud is likely to have drifted out of UK airspace by Wednesday .
Scottish Finance Secretary John Swinney said : " Current predictions suggest the situation is likely to worsen over the next 24 hours before easing into Tuesday . "
Ash from the Eyjafjallajokull volcano has caused disruption to thousands of flights since April .
Coaches were used to transport stranded passengers A spokesman for Manchester Airport said the latest disruption to flights was not expected to reach the level which previously left thousands of passengers stranded abroad .
He said : " There is absolutely no official suggestion or prediction that the prolonged , continent - wide airspace restrictions experienced in April are about to occur again . "
The Association of Train Operating Companies ( Atoc ) said extra services were being put on to help those affected by the flight ban .
Network Rail said engineering works would be postponed where necessary .
Eurostar said it planned to run extra trains between Paris and London on Monday as a result of the disruption to flights .
Molten glass
While some airports came to a standstill , activity at others increased .
Airline Jet2.com said it was mounting a " massive operation " to get passengers into and out of Newcastle Airport as it took " advantage of this last remaining open airport " in the north of England .
Dr Dougal Jerram , a volcanologist from Durham University , warned the last big eruption of Eyjafjallajokull - in the 1820s - went on for about two years , and its current eruption could last " several months " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But he said the continued eruptions would not necessarily cause more problems to air travel , as a number of factors - explosive eruptions , a concentrated plume and certain weather patterns - needed to be in place at the same time to create " the perfect storm " .
Aviation expert David Learmount told the BBC the ash from the volcano could cause disruption for years .
He said : " This could go on for 20 years or more .
We just do n't know how long this volcano is going to erupt for .
" Technologically there 's nothing we can do about this .
We cannot build engines and aircraft which can fly safely through volcanic ash , it 's just out of the question .
" The only thing that we can do is get better at predicting precisely where every part of the volcanic ash cloud is . "
In April , airspace across Europe was shut down for five days over concerns ash could turn to molten glass in high temperatures , crippling plane engines .
Scientists and engineers have since revised the safe - to - fly threshold , but clouds of volcanic ash have continued to drift over Europe , causing airport closures , flight delays and cancellations .
In the past week , several airports in southern Europe have been forced to close and flights have been re-routed .
Are your travel plans likely to be affected by the latest anticipated disruptions ?
Will you make alternative travel plans ?
You can send us your comments using the form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Let 's get him boys !
We 'll make him read this tiny ad !
Rocket Mass Heater Plans - now free for a while https://permies.com/goodies/7/rmhplans
Last year , at The Amaz !ng Meeting 7 , I met a young skeptic who went by the handle Nobby Nobbs on the fora .
His real name is Michael Strieb , and he has Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis , also called ALS or Lou Gehrig 's disease .
This is the same condition Stephen Hawking has .
In Michael 's case it confined him to a wheelchair and at TAM it was very difficult for him to speak .
I just read from Rebecca at Skepchick that his condition has progressed , and now it 's impossible for him to talk .
His mind is healthy and sharp , but his body is making it extremely difficult to communicate .
Because of this , a group has set up a page where people can donate so that they can buy Michael an Eye Gaze System , an incredibly cool setup where a machine can measure where his eye is pointing , and use that to guide a cursor on a computer screen , allowing Michael to once again communicate .
The device costs about $ 3200 .
Update : Someone who knows
Michael has let me know that this is not the only source of their financial need .
As you can imagine , his situation can put a strain on anyone 's budget .
So please give what you can , and help out a guy -- and his family -- who could use a little relief .
Michael 's one of the good guys .
I just sent in my donation , so please , if you can , help him out .
The inspiration of this video comes from Todd Alcott ’s poem , Television .
I own no rights to his reading of the poem and intend only to share my own personal interpretation .
Hope you like !
[ Beth Fulton ]
Une vidéo inspirée du poème d’un slammer qui s’appelle Todd Alcott .
Son Poème , Television , est ici mis en image par Beth Fulton .
Je ne connaissais ce poète d’aujourd ’hui .
Mais là , je dois avouer que j’adore .
peut - être pourrait - il en écrire un autre , dont le titre serait : Computer .
The lawyer for Auckland whaling protester Peter Bethune , on trial in Tokyo and facing up to 15 years in prison if found guilty , says is confident he will not be convicted of the charge of assault against a Japanese whaler .
Bethune 's trial in Tokyo District Court is scheduled to finish on Monday after three days .
A verdict is expected in late June .
The member of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society is being tried on five criminal charges , three related to boarding the Japanese whaling fleet 's security vessel in the Southern Ocean on February 15 .
He has conceded four of the charges but has contested an assault charge over allegedly hurling a bottle containing butyric acid , or rancid butter , on to the Shonan Maru 2 and injuring a crew member on February 11 , as the protesters tried to disrupt the whaling activities .
He boarded the Shonan Maru 2 and presented its captain with a letter seeking $ 3 million in replacement costs for the trimaran Ady Gil .
He captained the trimaran before it sank after a collision with the Shonan Maru cut off its bow the month before .
In court today , Japanese whaler Takashi Kominami , 24 , said he suffered facial chemical burns from the butyric acid bottle thrown by Bethune .
" I'm angry , " Mr Kominami said .
" I think he does n't feel remorse at all .
I call for severe punishment so that he feels remorse . "
He said that he had seen Bethune holding a launcher and thought the New Zealander fired the projectile that hurt him , although he did not actually see him launch the bottle .
But one of Bethune 's lawyers , Dan Harris , said the evidence was clear that the bottle was not thrown at anyone in particular .
" It was thrown at the ship to try and get these people off the deck because it smells so badly , and it hit a part of the ship , and if it did hit anyone , it 's only because of bad luck ... some may have blown on people , " Mr Harris told Radio New Zealand .
" My understanding is it 's [ the trial ] gone pretty well , and that 's why I 'm pretty confident that this charge is not going to be taken very seriously by the court in terms of believing that anyone was badly injured , because nobody was . "
During his testimony on Monday , Bethune will argue that what he did was not illegal , and raise the issue of whaling .
Mr Harris did not expect repercussions over the legal action Australia will take next week to stop Japan whaling in the southern ocean .
" Our hope , and our belief is that this is a legal proceeding , not a political proceeding .
Japanese judges tend to be very well educated in law , they tend to be very legalistic , and that is how we 're hoping they rule , " he said .
However , it could attract more extreme nationalist protests outside the court on Monday .
Speaking to the Kyodo newsagency while in his Tokyo detention prison , Bethune asked the Japanese not to think of him as a terrorist , and has said he may not continue his anti-whaling work .
" I have nothing against Japanese people .
Do n't think of me as a terrorist . "
Asked whether he would stay with Sea Shepherd , which he joined last July , he said : " I do n't know .
It 's almost a year now with no income . "
All of the crew aboard the US - based group 's vessels worked as volunteers and did not get paid , he said .
Mr Bethune , an engineer and conservationist , said the " eco-terrorist " label " sits very uncomfortably with me " .
He mortgaged his house , sold all his shares in a high - tech startup firm he founded , and took on heavy debt to build the Earthrace , which was repainted and renamed the Ady Gil , for a record circumnavigation of the world as a bio - fuel speedboat in June 2008 .
GeekDad Twitter follower Andrew nudged us with news this weekend of his entry into official geeky dadhood ( w00t ! ) , and it occurred to us that there 's probably some collective wisdom those of us on the postpartum side of geek parenthood should pass on .
While these are somewhat lighthearted points , the intent is honest .
When it 's your first go leading up to the magical day , and especially your first time in the delivery room , you may have some ideas that seem perfectly reasonable until your mate is screaming the worst Klingon invectives you 've ever heard as the baby crowns ( and she does n't even know Klingon ) .
Here are a few things to keep in mind :
1 . Do n't record labor - Do n't plan on recording , either video or audio , any part of the labor .
Do not set up your Flip Mino on a Gorilla pod from the headboard of the bed , nor your Red camera on a tripod in the corner .
And do n't think you 'll be walking around the room with your Mark 7D during the delivery .
Your job is to be there by your mate 's side , holding her hand ( chain mail gauntlet may be advisable ) .
Understand that you would never be able to show the video to anyone .
During labor is about the most difficult , painful and personal moments in a woman 's life ( even if the room is full of people ) , and if you make the mistake of pushing a camera in her face during a contraction , you may see that camera torn from your hands and thrown across the room .
After the birth is another story .
After the delivery , take as many pictures of your lovely mate and your beautiful new child as possible , so you can remember just exactly how perfect they both looked at that moment .
Just remember : Timing is everything .
2. Gadgets are your friends - Gadgets can be your friends when it comes to communication and information about the joyous event ( indeed , my wife and I bought our first cellphone just so she could call me when she went into labor ) .
Any number of iPhone apps help couples pick baby names , mind what food to eat or even time contractions .
There are books on natural childbirth available on the iPad .
Depending upon your faith in the research , there are also lots of special devices for sticking speakers to your mate 's belly and playing music for your fetus to make sure they 're Einstein - smart when the pop out .
3. Humor - Speaking of " popping out , " we should take a moment to talk about humor .
Geeks like to make jokes with geek - culture references , and the tense atmosphere of the delivery room may create a strong temptation for displaying geeky humor .
Remember , while your mate may have dropped some hilarious pon farr jokes in birthing class , making cracks about how the whole situation is just like John Hurt in Alien when the baby crowns is really just not a good idea .
It is perfectly OK to , in your best Darth Vader voice , say to the baby " I am your father ! "
Just do it when your wife can't hear you .
4. Preparation - Preparation , overall , is key when it comes to getting ready for the delivery .
Of course you 'll have a bag of clothes and other necessities ready and waiting for your mate 's trip to the hospital weeks ahead of the due date .
So , too , must you be thinking of having things prepped .
While you wo n't be filming the delivery itself , you need to have your camera ready ready and fully charged for the important first minutes after pictures .
Indeed , you should have your tech bag with camera , laptop , 3G internet card ( if possible ) , and phone charger ready to go at a moment 's notice .
And all these things should be ready at a minimum six weeks before the due date .
Because you never know !
5. DVR preset -
Take a moment , well in advance , and make sure you have your DVR set for every important show for both you and your mate , just in case .
Once you 're at the hospital , there 's no going back .
Unless of course you can set your DVR from your phone or laptop .
Which you might want to set up as a backup .
6 . No tweets during labor - Similar to taking pictures during the labor , live - tweeting the duration of contractions and your mate 's dilation is not a good idea .
However , it is your duty as geeky mate to broadcast the news of the time of birth , and drafting an e-mail message in advance is advisable .
You could set up a private photo set on Flickr so that all the post - delivery pix you take ( which transfer through the Eye - Fi card in your camera to your laptop and then auto - upload ) are instantly available to your family and friends without you needing to step away from the bed .
7. Geek indoctrination -
It 's important to start the geek indoctrination early .
When you 're packing that bag for the hospital , make sure you include Star Trek Onsies to bring your little navigation officer home in .
Including a towel may also be a good idea .
8. Music - Music during labor can be very relaxing and comforting for your geeky mate .
You should agree upon a playlist well in advance , and set it up on your iPhone or iPod ( or other music device ) with a plan for how it will be played out loud ( some hospitals may have docks available , but plan to bring your own if you 're not sure , with plenty of batteries , extension cords and adapters ) .
It would be wise , however , not to include this song by Paul and Storm , and to only include this song by Jonathan Coulton if you 've both heard it before and understand what it really means .
9 . You and the machines - You 're a geek .
You 're technologically sophisticated .
You will probably have even done some research and be able to understand what each of the machines in the delivery room does .
However , just because you can tell from the fetal / uterine monitor when your mate is about to have a contraction , does n't mean you should announce it with " jump to light - speed in t- minus ... " for each one .
10 . Caffeine -
If you have n't yet developed a caffeine addiction ( as odd as that may be ) , there 's no time like the present to start .
You 'll need it .
Ask your coder friends about the magic elixir known as " Jolt . "
Related articles by Zemanta
By Bethany Bell
BBC News , Vienna
The Leitturm in the Arenberg Park is one of the best - preserved towers Scattered through Vienna are six huge anti-aircraft towers , a grim reminder of the city 's Nazi past .
The flak towers were put up during the Second World War between 1942 and 1945 .
They were built in pairs in parks in the heart of the city .
Guns to shoot down
Allied fighter planes were placed high on the concrete bastions and hundreds of civilians took shelter inside during bombing raids .
But the architectural historian , Ute Bauer , who is taking part in a study of the towers , says their main purpose was propaganda .
" The towers were meant as a sign of the military strength of the Third Reich , to show that the allied bombers could be defeated .
" In 1943 when the towers were built , the authorities already knew the bombers flew higher - so they were of no military use , but they built them regardless . "
She says that underground air raid shelters were more effective protection for the civilian population than the landmark towers .
' Horror of war '
The flak towers were built by forced labour .
On the walls inside you can still see graffiti , written in chalk and pencil , by prisoners of war .
" Milano , poi morire " wrote one Italian prisoner .
" Milan , then die " .
These buildings are so strong inside that you can feel the horror of war - I want people to have this feeling so that it cannot happen again
Sabine Gretner
Green Party
Today one of the flak towers houses an aquarium and another is used by the Austrian army .
But there is controversy about what should be done with the others .
Getting rid of the reinforced concrete hulks would be too difficult and expensive , according to Sandro Forst of the Vienna City Administration .
" Even if you put a bomb inside you could n't destroy the tower so you would need very strong diamond saws to cut it into pieces , " he said .
" And to cut up a whole tower is , from a technical point of view , impossible . "
The towers have few windows and their cold concrete halls and echoing stairwells recall a period in history that some Austrians would prefer to forget .
' Very safe ' Calls by Vienna 's MAK Museum for Applied Arts / Contemporary
Art to turn one of the towers into a centre for modern art have so far failed to materialise .
A view inside one of the flak towers
But now the Vienna City Council is considering plans to turn one of the best - preserved towers , the Leitturm in the Arenberg Park , into a data storage centre .
Sandro Forst says upkeep costs are " rising enormously " , and that rent from a commercial storage company would help with the maintenance of the listed buildings .
Above all , he says , a flak tower is secure : " The data centre must be kept safe from any kind of terrorism .
" The flak towers are made of very stable concrete , they are well located and they are very safe because of the concrete walls . "
But Sabine Gretner from the Green Party believes the towers should be opened to the public - as a reminder of a dark period of history .
She says that because of the " Austrian political landscape , it is very important to know about the Second World War " .
" We have got right - wing politicians , and young people are starting to vote for them .
And these buildings are so strong inside that you can feel the horror of war .
I want people to have this feeling so that it cannot happen again . "
At the moment , there are not even signs explaining the history and function of the towers .
But their looming presence above Vienna 's parks and playgrounds cannot be ignored .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I have to admit , for a while I enjoyed watching MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow humiliate and embarrass Rand Paul Randal ( Rand ) Howard PaulRon Paul hospitalized in Texas The Hill 's Morning Report - Sponsored by Facebook - Trump previews SCOTUS nominee as ' totally brilliant ' Rand Paul says he can't judge ' guilt or innocence ' in Breonna Taylor case MORE when he tried to explain why he did not support the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 , the seminal legislation that forbade racial and other discrimination in restaurants and other businesses and facilities that were open to the public .
For days afterward , I continued to enjoy the media and political piling - on of Paul .
I am sorry to admit I was actually enjoying his discomfort .
But then after a while , it was I who started to feel uncomfortable — especially when Maddow ’s co-hosts at MSNBC , and Maddow herself , seemed to relish playing and replaying Paul ’s humiliation just a little too much .
ADVERTISEMENT
That ’s when I decided to read the Libertarian Platform , the one adopted at the May 2008 convention in Denver that nominated Rand ’s father , Ron , for president .
I wanted to understand better why Rand Paul was taking what seemed to be such a politically suicidal set of positions .
It explained a lot … including about why my and my fellow liberals ’ sanctimony about Mr. Paul might have been somewhat misplaced .
Under its “ Statement of Principles , ” the Platform states : “ Since governments , when instituted , must not violate individual rights , we oppose all interference by government in the areas of voluntary and contractual relations among individuals . ”
Under “ Property and Contract , ” the platform states that “ property rights are entitled to the same protection as all other human rights .
The owners of property have the full right to control , use , dispose of , or in any manner enjoy , their property without interference … ”
So there it is :
If you believe in that principle , you would n’t agree with government compelling a private restaurant owner to serve anyone he or she does n’t want to , regardless of the reasons .
( The fact that Rand Paul was forced to flip - flop and several days later said he would have voted for the 1964 Civil Rights
Act might have been affected by another libertarian platform plank , this one titled “ Rights and Discrimination ” : “ We condemn bigotry as irrational and repugnant .
Government should not deny or abridge any individual ’s rights based on sex , wealth , race , color , creed , age , national origin , personal habits , political preference or sexual orientation . ” )
Ms. Maddow also failed to elicit from Mr. Paul , much less credit him , with clearly liberal positions on the major issues , also consistent with libertarian principles , such as the fact that he is unambiguously pro-choice ( “ government should be kept out of the matter , leaving the question to each person for their conscientious consideration ” ) ; pro-civil liberties ( “ we oppose reduction of constitutional safeguards of the rights of the criminally accused ... the Bill of Rights provides no exceptions for a time of war ” ) ; and pro-decriminalizing victimless crimes , such as the use of drugs for medicinal or recreational purposes .
For the same philosophical reasons , he and fellow libertarians also oppose the draft and the use of the U.S. military for any purpose other than “ in defense of individual rights ...
The United States should both abandon its attempts to act as a policeman for the world and avoid entangling alliances . ”
For this reason Rand ’s father , Ron , strongly opposed the Iraq war during the presidential campaign , alienating many conservatives .
Yet the outspoken anti-war Maddow did not ask him about this issue .
On the other hand , what giveth also taketh away :
The same libertarian principles opposing governmental power over individual freedom also lead to such non-liberal positions as opposition to government placing controls on “ wages , prices , rents , profits , production , and interest rates ” ( no anti-usury laws !!! ) , favoring abolition of the income tax and the IRS and the absolute protection of an individual ’s right to own and bear arms .
We liberals can and should strongly disagree with Rand Paul and libertarians on the positions they take on various issues , especially their belief in the lack of governmental power to ensure racial and economic justice in this country .
But mocking him and trivializing a man who is so intellectually honest in applying his libertarian principles does not feel right to me anymore .
ADVERTISEMENT
Maybe too many of us have grown so cynical with today ’s political culture that we have a hard time coping with , much less believing in , someone who is running for political office who is actually authentic and sincere , even if it means he or she is taking positions that offend , at times , both the left and the right .
Shocking , just shocking , that Rand Paul may actually be a real , authentic “ Mr. Smith ” who is ready to come to Washington to stick to his principles , come what may .
Come to think of it , he does remind me of Jimmy Stewart and Mr. Smith .
He certainly talks like him .
Davis , a Washington D.C. attorney at the law / media / legislative strategies firm of Lanny J. Davis & Associates , served as Special Counsel to President Bill Clinton William ( Bill ) Jefferson ClintonNew poll finds Biden narrowly leading Trump in Georgia Changing the climate of presidential debates Davis :
My advice to Joe Biden on eve of the debate — be Joe Biden MORE in 1996 - 98 and was a member of President Bush ’s Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board in 2006 - 07 .
He is the author of Scandal : How ‘ Gotcha ’ Politics Is Destroying America .
ACHTUNG
Dies ist eine subjektive und sicher nicht allgemeingültige Aufstellung , welche die Ausgaben meiner Eltern bis zu meinem zehnten Lebensjahr ( 1974 ) mit den heutigen für meinen älteren Sohn auflistet .
Der Grafik ist dieser Artikel vorausgegangen .
Inflation wurde nicht einberechnet , da ich sie im Bereich der o.a .
Güter für wenig erheblich halte , die Unterschiede kommen in erster Linie durch neue Produkte zustande ( MP3 - Player , Musik - Videogames ) .
Ansonsten für Erläuterungen bitte die Kommentare lesen , danke !
The Hollywood Reporter reports on a presentation by Warner Bros. chariman and CEO Barry Meyer to investors .
The big news is a release date for the next Sherlock Holmes movie ( December 2011 ) , but he also talked about upcoming super - hero movies , saying that the Flash movie is “ nearing ” a greenlight .
WB has previously said that they intend to make DC ’s super - heroes the new “ tentpole ” movies once the Harry Potter series is over ( the last book has been split into two films , with part two coming out in July next year ) .
Green Lantern will arrive in theaters June 17 , 2011 , and Batman and Superman films are in the works for 2012 .
Meyer also mentioned Wonder Woman and Aquaman movies in development …and , oddly enough , Mad Magazine characters .
( I ’m blanking .
Maybe a live - action Spy vs. Spy ?
Could the premise actually sustain a full - length movie ? )
The Flash has taken a long , slow road to the silver screen , starting with the David Goyer version announced in 2004 .
Since then , Warner Bros. has gone darker , lighter , then darker again , dropped Goyer ’s script entirely , and run through several directors .
The current version of the film is being written by Dan Mazeau from a story treatment by Geoff Johns .
Share
Hung Parliament in the UK A Very Un- British Election Result
Britain , it seems , has finally become European , at least in its political system .
The UK 's much - dreaded hung parliament would be business as usual on the Continent , where parties are used to forming coalition governments .
Britain 's unfair first - past - the - post system needs to finally be fixed .
Cigarette or Lighter Likely Ignited Blast at Local Gathering
Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , April 23 , 2010 —
A fiery explosion that took the life of a 21 - year - old member of the public in Weeletka , Oklahoma , on April 14 occurred at an unattended oil and gas production site that was unsecured and likely lacked fire or explosion warning signs , CSB investigators have determined following a four - day field assessment .
Investigators arrived in Weleetka on Sunday evening and have been examining the site , conducting witness interviews , and gathering other information throughout the week .
The accident occurred at approximately 9:00 p.m. , while six individuals aged 18 to 32 were socializing at the rural site , which was normally unmanned .
The site , which had four petroleum storage tanks and two brine storage tanks , was operated on private land by two production firms , Three MG Family Inc. and Enterprise Energy , who leased the mineral rights .
A third company , ScissorTail Energy , operated a gas metering and collection system connected to the production equipment .
The blast occurred about 10 minutes after the group arrived at the site .
Witnesses stated that they were drawn to the site when they saw the open gate while driving along a public roadway .
Witnesses further stated that oil sites were a common gathering place for local residents and that they were largely unfamiliar with the hazards .
Based on witness interviews , CSB investigators determined that a lit cigarette or lighter was the likely ignition source for the explosion , which happened as the 21 - year - old male who later died was peering into the hatch on top of one of the tanks .
That tank contained what was later described as approximately 160 barrels of light crude oil .
The resulting explosion and fire engulfed the victim and caused a second explosion in an interconnected tank .
The victim suffered third - degree burns over 85 % of his body .
He was able to describe the accident to emergency response and ambulance personnel , but died the following morning at a Tulsa burn unit .
Another individual suffered second - degree burns .
A fire burned for more than three hours at the site until it could be extinguished by several responding fire departments using foam .
“ The catwalk leading to the top of the tank was unsecured and readily accessible , ” said CSB Investigator Vidisha Parasram .
“ The tank hatches had no mechanism which would permit them to be secured or locked .
No fire or explosion warning signs or other warning signage was visible anywhere on the site following the accident . ”
Ms. Parasram said the CSB would continue to study whether any signage could have been destroyed in the fire , but that even the undamaged portions of the facility and the entrance gates had no posted warnings .
Eyewitnesses said they saw no signs on the night of the accident or during previous visits to the site .
The site entrance was protected only by an unmarked gate which multiple witnesses described as being wide open on the night of April 14 , and generally open and unlocked at other times .
Apart from the gate the site had no fencing or other protective measures that would keep members of the public safe from hazards on the site .
“ Following this accident , our investigative team was able to observe a number of other oil and gas production sites in the area .
The vast majority were unsecured and had no warning signs , ” said CSB Investigations Supervisor Don Holmstrom , who leads the CSB regional office in Denver .
“ Oil and gas sites that lack security measures and warning signs are an accident waiting to happen . ”
State officials told the CSB that Oklahoma has approximately 257,000 active and unplugged oil and gas production sites ; Oklahoma requires fencing and warning signs only at sites that have toxic hydrogen sulfide gas hazards , according to state officials .
The deadly blast occurred one day after the release of a new CSB safety video at a public meeting in Hattiesburg , Mississippi .
The safety video , “ No Place to Hang Out , ” is aimed at educating young people on the hazards of socializing at oil sites , a common practice in rural areas , the CSB found .
The video tells the story of the tragic deaths of 18 - year - old Wade White and 16 - year - old Devon Byrd , killed October 31 , 2009 , when an oil tank , located in a clearing in the woods near the home of one of the boys in the rural town of Carnes , suddenly exploded while the two were hanging out at the site .
A CSB preliminary analysis released on April 13 showed that 24 similar explosions and fires occurred at oil and gas production sites between 1983 and 2009 .
Those accidents resulted in 42 fatalities and a number of injuries ; all the fatalities occurred among teenagers and young adults under the age of 25 .
In most cases , the explosions were ignited by a cigarette , match , or lighter .
The CSB found no specific federal standards or industry guidance for security or public protection measures at oil and gas production sites .
Certain states including Ohio and Colorado require fencing and other public safety measures at sites in urban areas .
Ohio requires tank hatches to be sealed and locked at unattended oil sites .
Counting the accident on April 14 , the CSB has thus far identified a total of seven oil site explosions and fires in Oklahoma since 1990 that killed or injured members of the public , the highest total for any state .
Four of these accidents caused multiple fatalities .
CSB Board Member William
Wark said , “ The CSB is concerned about these ongoing accidents across the country that are needlessly taking the lives of young people .
To me , it is self - evident that hazardous oil and gas sites should be secured against unauthorized entry and posted with extensive and specific warning signs .
And we need to educate teenagers and young adults to stay away from these sites – they are dangerous . ”
Mr. Wark said the CSB team received outstanding cooperation from local law enforcement and fire officials during the investigation .
The day prior to the explosion in Weleetka , the CSB Board issued a statement “ urging oil and gas production companies to ensure that they provide adequate security and warning signage around sites that have tank fire or explosion hazards ; and further urging state legislatures , local governments , and regulators to review rules governing oil and gas tank sites to ensure they require adequate barriers , security measures , and warning signs . ”
Mr. Wark said a CSB task group will be working over the next several months to develop additional specific safety recommendations , incorporating the findings from the recent accidents in Mississippi and Oklahoma .
The CSB is an independent federal agency charged with investigating serious chemical accidents .
The agency 's board members are appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate .
CSB investigations look into all aspects of chemical accidents , including physical causes such as equipment failure as well as inadequacies in regulations , industry standards , and safety management systems .
The Board does not issue citations or fines but does make safety recommendations to plants , industry organizations , labor groups , and regulatory agencies such as OSHA and EPA .
Visit our website , www.csb.gov .
In practice , however , a more lenient law has long governed the way immigration authorities treat foreigners who marry American citizens :
Even if they overstayed , as long as they originally entered the country legally , they had been allowed to “ adjust ” their status to permanent resident .
Mr. van Sander , whose original paperwork would have stopped the 90 - day clock if it had not been flawed , seemed to be on track for such an adjustment in March , when the couple refiled all the papers on the advice of an immigration officer .
But on April 22 , a decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in a separate case changed the legal landscape for such couples in New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Delaware and the Virgin Islands .
Lawyers say the van Sanders are among thousands of couples who could be adversely affected by the decision , which leaves the foreign spouses no defense against deportation if immigration authorities , at their discretion , decide to expel them .
The decision echoes and sharpens recent rulings in 6 of the 12 regional circuits across the country ( but not the one that covers New York ) , holding that after a 90 - day stay , foreigners who enter the country under the visa - waiver program cannot fight summary deportation based on their marriages to American citizens .
“ It ’s surreal , ” said Ms. van Sander , who went to immigration court with the Princeton chaplain and a lawyer on Tuesday to plead for her husband ’s release .
The judge told them that the appeals court ’s decision left her no jurisdiction over Mr. van Sander , and that he was not entitled to a bail hearing .
In their new recurring comic here at ComicsAlliance , " Let's Be Friends Again " creators Curt Franklin and Chris Haley present their own " Who 's Who " of comics through the words of Shane George , a fan they found in the candy aisle of an Alabama CVS .
They have enlisted him to explain some of the more obscure characters of the comic book world beginning with ...
Bloodwynd .
( Click to embiggen )
Gord help us : Brown prays for an election miracle as Labour start to wrangle over new leader
With talk already taking hold about who will take over as Labour leader after the election , Gordon Brown appeared to be calling for help from on high yesterday .
The Prime Minister , whose chances of remaining in Downing Street look ever slimmer , was pictured in prayer at a church after delivering a sermon - style speech from the altar .
Labour is set to plunge into immediate wrangling on Friday if they slump to a humiliating defeat at the polls , with David Miliband favourite to take over as leader .
Lord Mandelson is plotting to annoint his protegee as Mr Brown 's unopposed successor if the Prime Minister is forced out because the result on Thursday is so dire .
Let us pray : Mr Brown in church yesterday
The Business Secretary is understood to want a ' coronation ' , arguing that a ' divisive ' leadership contest would damage Labour both politically and financially .
But Labour insiders last night insisted that Mr Miliband , who has enjoyed a high profile throughout the campaign , was ' certain ' to face a challenge for the crown .
Next in line ?
Foreign Secretary David Miliband
A source said : ' After the way this campaign has gone there are almost as many people gunning for Lord Mandelson as there are for Gordon Brown .
' The one thing that is for certain is that there will be a contest this time . '
Mr Miliband remains the favourite for the Labour leadership and has already secured the private backing of several Cabinet allies , including Lord Mandelson , Home Secretary Alan Johnson and Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth .
Tony Blair is also a supporter .
But he seems certain to face a challenge from rival candidates expected to include Harriet Harman and the Children 's Secretary Ed Balls .
A BPIX / MOS poll makes Mr Miliband the favourite to take over , on 45 per cent with Schools Secretary Ed Balls on 11 per cent .
Ladbrokes have the Foreign Secretary 7 - 4 favourite to be the next Labour leader .
It is possible Alan Johnson could run as his deputy in a ' dream - ticket ' .
At the New Testament Church of God in Streatham , South London , yesterday Mr Brown invoked the Bible to attack his political opponents .
He paraphrased the Old Testament to pour scorn on their supposed lack of substance - although he wrongly attributed a story from the book of Amos to the book of Micah .
Earlier , the Prime Minister hinted he could quit front - line politics within hours of defeat , saying he would ' respect the view of the electorate ' .
PM faces inquiry over ' wrong ' claim on migrant numbers
Gordon Brown faces an inquiry into a series of ' misleading ' claims about immigration .
The independent statistics watchdog Sir Michael Scholar has ordered an investigation into the use of data supposedly showing that Labour 's new points - based system has reduced the level of immigration .
In further embarrassing developments for the Prime Minister , he has been forced to admit that Labour has not banned low - skilled chefs and care assistants entering the country from abroad , as he has repeatedly claimed during the campaign .
North London meeting : Gordon Brown meets Michelle Collins , Meg Matthews and Sadie Frost along with their kids
A girl reacts as she gets caught in handshakes between Britain 's Prime Minister Gordon Brown and supporters after a party meeting in a pub in Kilburn , north London yesterday
And a study reveals that more than a million extra immigrants are likely over the coming five years .
The intervention - from Sir Michael came after the Prime Minister used unpublished Home Office figures to suggest that the points - based immigration system had cut the number of migrants from outside the EU .
Mr Brown boasted that the number of IT workers and engineers coming to Britain had been cut by 20,000 following the introduction of the scheme .
But he failed to mention accompanying figures showing the number of foreign students rose by 65,000 during the same period .
The prediction on immigrants came in a report from the MigrationWatch think tank .
It said 2.5 million will arrive over the next decade , with one million expected in five years .
These are neurons developed from human endometrial stem cells .
Credit : Hugh S. Taylor , M.D. , Yale University School of Medicine
Stem cells derived from the endometrium ( uterine lining ) and transplanted into the brains of laboratory mice with Parkinson 's disease appear to restore functioning of brain cells damaged by the disease , according to a new study by Yale School of Medicine researchers .
The findings are published in the Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine .
Although these are preliminary results , the findings increase the likelihood that endometrial tissue could be harvested from women with Parkinson 's disease and used to re-grow brain areas that have been damaged by the disease , according to lead author Hugh S. Taylor , M.D. , professor in the Department of Obstetrics , Gynecology & Reproductive Sciences at Yale School of Medicine , and section chief of Reproductive Endocrinology and Infertility at Yale School of Medicine .
Because of their ability to divide into new cell types , stem cells could be the key to treating many different kinds of diseases , like Parkinson's , in which the body 's own cells are damaged or depleted .
Parkinson's is caused by a breakdown of dopamine - producing nerve cells in the brain stem .
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that stimulates the motor neurons that in turn control muscles .
When dopamine production is reduced , the nerves are not able to control movement or maintain coordination .
In their study , Taylor and his colleagues collected and cultured endometrial tissue from nine women , and verified that they could be transformed into dopamine - producing nerve cells like those in the brain .
" The dopamine levels in the mice increased once we transferred the endometrial stem cells into their brains , " said Taylor .
" This is encouraging because women have a ready supply of stem cells that are easily obtained , can differentiate into other cell types .
They may have great potential for treating multiple diseases . "
Highlighting the benefits of using endometrial stem cells , Taylor said the ethical concerns surrounding the use of embryonic stem cells are eliminated when using adult stem cells .
Taylor also points out that endometrial stem cells are one of the best sources for generating neurons because they appear to be less likely to be rejected than stem cells from other sources .
" This is just the tip of the iceberg of what we will be able to do with these cells , " said Taylor .
" We believe these neurons are only the first of many cell types derived from endometrium that will be used to treat a variety of diseases . "
Explore further Uterine stem cells create new neurons that can curb Parkinson 's disease
Sean Hannity was on quite a roll last night .
First he suggested President Obama step down .
Then , in a later segment , he actually contended that Iraq owes the United States all the money we spent on invading and occupying it for the past seven years :
Hannity : I 've actually had an idea -- no one listens to little ol ' Sean Hannity .
But I 'm like -- I think the Iraqis , with all their oil resources , need to pay us back for their liberation .
Every single solitary penny .
Because we really need -- Johnson : I really thought that from the beginning .
I thought that that was kind of , part of the equation .
Hannity :
It should have been part of the deal .
Johnson : Should have been part of the deal .
Hannity : I think it should be now .
I think they owe us a lot for that .
Yeah , I bet the families of the estimated 100,000 - plus innocent civilians who we " liberated " from their existence on the planet would be more than happy to " pay us back . "
Especially considering that no one in Iraq asked for us to liberate them -- we just did it on our own , illegally and under false pretenses .
It 's true that Dick Cheney and Co. envisioned using the proceeds from the oil money they believed would soon be flowing through American auspices in Iraqi oil fields would cover the costs of the war -- and of course , that money never materialized , leaving American taxpayers holding the bag .
Funny how Hannity developed a case of amnesia regarding those facts .
Eastern
Conference
Semifinals Date # 6 vs. # 7 Network Game 1 Sat. , May 1 at Boston , 12:30 p.m. NBC Game 2 Mon. , May 3 at Boston , 7:00 p.m. VS Game 3 Wed. , May 5 at Philadelphia , 7:00 p.m .
TICKETS VS Game 4 Fri. , May 7 at Philadelphia , 7:00 p.m .
TICKETS VS * Game 5 Mon. , May 10 at Boston , 7:00 p.m. CSN * Game 6 Wed. , May 12 at Philadelphia , TBD
TICKETS CSN * Game 7 Fri. , May 14 at Boston , 7:00 p.m. CSN
Please note , all games will be carried by 610 WIP radio .
Games 2 , 3 and 4 are exclusive to the Versus network , while Games 5 , 6 and 7 will be carried locally on Comcast SportsNet .
Individual game tickets , including great lower level seats near the ice , to home games one and two of the 2010 National Hockey League Eastern Conference Semifinal series vs. the Boston Bruins at the Wachovia Center are on sale now exclusively through ComcastTIX by clicking here , by phone at 1-800 - 298-4200 , or in person at the Wachovia Center Box Office .
Flyers fans can get “ Flyered Up ” at the Bud Light Block Party beginning three hours before all Flyers Playoff home games .
The large - scale festivities will take place inside and outside the AT&T Pavilion on the 11th street side of the Wachovia Center and feature delicious food , interactive games , live music , radio station remotes , and much more .
Al - Quds Al - Arabi ,
Al - Quds Al - Arabi
The National ,
The National
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
AP contributed to this report .
Following the assassination of Hamas terrorist Mahmoud al - Mabhouh on Jan. 19 in UAE 's capital Dubai , sources from the group charged on Tuesday that certain Arab countries may have been complicit in the hit .
Sources reportedly said that before the killing , Jordanian and Egyptian intelligence agencies had tracked Mabhouh .
The original report fromcited by Reuters , quoted Damascus - based Hamas official Mahmoud Nassar , Mabhouh ’s right - hand man , as saying that there was evidence that Mabhouh had been targeted by moderate Arab countries .
Jordan and Egypt had helped the Mossad track Mabhouh , Nassar charged , because he previously handled sensitive information concerning the activities of Hamas as well as other Islamist operations .
Nassar added that the killing may have been carried out by spies either from the Palestinian Authority or from an Arab intelligence service earlier than planned .
The paper added that Nassar was in charge of Hamas ’s ties with Iran.noted that Nasser had also worked reportedly closely with Mabhouh .
an Abu Dhabi - based UAE English - language paper , reported on Tuesday that Dubai police had requested FBI assistance in investigating the assassination of Mabhouh .
It said that the US investigators will be charged with probing the ties between the suspects who have been named in the killing and their prepaid credit cards , most of which were issued by the same Iowa bank , MetaBank .
The FBI has also been asked to find links between the alleged assassins and the Mossad .
According to the report , the FBI neither confirmed nor denied whether any such request had been made .
also noted a business link between Payoneer , the Paypal - esque company that issued the credit cards , and Greylock Partners , a US - based venture capital firm .
Moshe Mor , one of Greylock ’s founders , was reportedly an officer in the IDF ’s Military Intelligence .
Additionally , in an interview with Hamas ’s Al - Aksa radio station from Damascus , Nassar confirmed Israeli allegations that his boss had supplied weapons to Palestinian terrorists .
Mabhouh “ never stopped thinking about how to fight the occupation by supplying quality weapons to the Palestinian fighters , ” Nassar said .
“ He participated with me in searching for weapons . ” Mabhouh and Nassar fled Gaza in 1990 , after capturing and killing two IDF soldiers , Pvt. Ilan Sa’adon and Sgt. Avi Sasportas , in separate incidents the previous year .
Nassar described Mabhouh ’s celebration after one of the murders , as he stood by the soldier ’s corpse .
“ Aboul Abed [ Mabhouh ] stood on the last body and raised his hands to the sky and said , ‘ Praise God who honored me with capturing and killing him , ’ ” Nassar said .
Dubai police have identified 26 suspects they claim traveled on faked European and Australian passports – in addition to two Palestinians already detained in the investigation .
Media reports said authorities had added a “ 27th suspect , ” but there were no other details given .
On Monday , authorities said they were seeking a third Palestinian .
Dubai police say 26 suspects used fake British , Irish , French and Australian passports of real people .
Australia said on Tuesday that its police and passport officials will meet in Israel with dual Australian - Israeli nationals whose Australian passports were used in Mabhouh ’s slaying .
A spokeswoman for Australia ’s Department of Foreign Affairs in Canberradid not provide details of when its team would arrive in Israel .
The team that assassinated Mabhouh is thought to have used the passportinformation of three Australians who also have Israeli citizenship .
IT 'S not just chocolate bunnies that are under threat this Easter .
State and urban authorities are stepping up efforts to reduce Sydney 's burgeoning rabbit population .
The drought - breaking rains over summer and autumn have given a boost to the city 's feral rabbits , whose numbers have boomed along with the supply of vegetation in northern suburbs such as Ku-ring - gai , Pittwater , Warringah and Ryde .
Watership
Down under the bridge … there are plans to remove the colony of rabbits living under the southern pylon .
Credit : Nick Moir
The conditions have also helped propagate a colony of bunnies in Dawes Point Park , a grassy knoll under the Harbour Bridge that has become the city 's own Watership Down .
Steve Parker , a ranger with the Cumberland Livestock Health and Pest Authority , said that unlike in rural areas , where breeding tends to be restricted to spring , the wet Sydney basin lets rabbits breed all year round .
California Candidate Guy Apologizes For Not Being Clearer , When He Said He Wanted To Shoot All Liberals
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government expects to probe thousands more cases of wealthy individuals dodging taxes through offshore bank accounts , on top of the high profile case against UBS AG , a U.S. tax attorney said on Monday .
A car passes a sign advertising tax return services in Falls Church , Virginia April 8 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
“ We expect over the next couple of years , in addition to the UBS cases , to have somewhere between 4,000 and 7,000 more cases coming to us with .
These are from banks and governments cooperating , ” said Kevin Downing , a senior tax attorney of the U.S. Department of Justice , in a lecture in Singapore .
Some private banking clients are choosing to take cash from Swiss accounts and carry it by hand back to the United States , to avoid an electronic trail , only to be caught by U.S. law enforcement officers and penalized for tax evasion and illegal smuggling of money into the country , Downing said .
“ When they go in and close their accounts , they are picking up brand new $ 100 bills ... that are coming in in $ 100,000 shrink - wrapped bundles .
Guess what ?
We can trace that money , ” he said , adding such cash would be forfeited .
Singapore was one stop in a tour of Asian cities also including Hong Kong , Beijing and Shanghai by Downing and his U.S. Justice Department team .
The tour featured meetings with financial and tax regulatory bodies and bankers discussing cross - border tax prosecutions .
He said that since the start of the U.S. crackdown on tax evasion , money has moved from the Caribbean to Switzerland and Asia .
UBS agreed last year to pay $ 780 million and hand over 4,450 client names to settle charges after it admitted helping U.S. clients evade U.S. tax law .
Germany has said it is prepared to pay for data offered by whistleblowers on clients of Swiss banks who may have been evading taxes , while France said it had obtained sensitive data belonging to potential tax evaders , some of which belonged to the Swiss private banking operations of HSBC .
Downing declined to say whether the Justice Department was investigating any other foreign banks and said he hoped the U.S. authorities would not have to conduct “ UBS - style ” probes .
About 15,000 Americans with offshore accounts came clean under an amnesty program last year , giving them reduced penalties and a chance to avoid criminal prosecution while giving authorities a trove of information to assist their hunt .
“ We now have the ability to go back through with voluntary disclosures and really target the banks with witnesses and evidence that ’s right in the United States , ” Downing said .
“ These U.S. clients who maintain these offshore bank accounts , they keep their e-mails , they want to have a record .
They are coming back to us . ”
Usually I ’m partial to pie , especially shoofly and berry varieties , but in honor of approaching 3/14 , I decided to make a Pi…you know , without the “ e ” at the end ?
The curious number with an infinite amount of digits to the right of the decimal point ?
Yep !
It ’s almost Pi Day !
If you happen to be a crocheter AND a numbers ’ nerd , you ’re in luck , because you TOO can make your very own plushy Pi . I always did think of Pi as a little dude , what with his two differently shaped legs and all .
( You can buy the finished Pi in my shop ! )
Supplies
G hook
blue worsted weight yarn
two black beads and embroidery thread
fiberfil
Directions
( This forms the horizontal part )
** With G hook and yarn , ch 14 .
Make a hdc in the 3rd ch from hook and all the way across .
Ch 1 turn and hdc across .
Do not turn work : Ch 6 and make a hdc in the 3rd ch from hook , hdc in next ch , dc in next ch , dc in next ch , dc in next space , which is the edge of the 2nd row made , then tr in the next space , which is the edge of the 1st row made , hdc in this same space .
Skip a hdc on the top row and sl into the next .
Finish off .**
Repeat between ** ** one more time so that you have two pieces .
On one of the pieces , sew on eyes and a mouth , using pictures as a guide .
Put two pieces together , face facing you , and join with yarn at the bottom right - hand corner .
Sc together until you hit the pointy part of Pi on the far left , to where you made the first hdc , in bold above .
Ch 3 here and slip in next space ( to make it pointier ! ) .
Continue to sc pieces together until it looks like the below picture :
With G hook and yarn , now it ’s time to make the left “ leg ” !
Ch 2 and make 6sc in 2nd ch from hook .
Make 2sc in each ( 12sc ) .
Sc for 3 rounds .
Decrease once , sc the rest .
Decrease once , sc the rest .
Sc for 7 rounds ( or until it ’s about 3.5 inches tall ) .
Finish off leaving a 6 - inch tail for sewing .
With G hook and yarn , right “ leg ” time .
Leave a 6 - inch tail at beginning slip knot .
Ch 2 and make 3sc in the 2nd ch from hook .
Sc for 2 rounds .
* Make 2sc in first sc , sc the rest * ( 4sc ) .
Repeat * ( 5sc ) .
Repeat * ( 6sc ) .
( 2sc , sc ) around ( 9sc ) .
Sc for approximately 10 - 11 rounds .
Finish off , leaving a 6 - inch tail .
You should have the following three pieces ( which I took a bad picture of ) and can now stuff them with fiberfil :
Sew on left leg using leftover tail by joining the open sides of the horizontal part to the 2nd round from the leg ’s top :
( Leave tail hanging there for now ) .
Using the long tail at the beginning / bottom of the right leg , you will now do some gathering so that the point right “ foot ” sticks up : on the inside of the “ leg ” , stitch from the 4th round to the 6th round and pull really tightly .
Is the “ foot ” going up ?
Hehe .
Finish off and tuck inside .
Using the tail at the top of the right leg , sew onto the horizontal face piece in the same way .
With either one of the leftover tails , sew the few stitches in between the “ leg ” together , to seal it up !
Celebrate Pi Day with your happy little crochet Pi !
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- Transocean Ltd. RIG , - 4.26 % , the owner of the rig leased by BP PLC ( BP , BP.LN ) which is currently leaking oil into the Gulf of Mexico , made a $ 270 million profit from insurance payouts after the disaster , the Sunday Times reports .
The amount , revealed during a conference call to analysts , was made because its insurance policy for Deepwater Horizon rig was greater than the value of the rig itself , the paper reports .
The Times says Transocean has already received cash payment of $ 401 million and the rest is due in the coming weeks .
Backstage
Robert Pattinson Says ' Eclipse ' Is ' Serious , ' But In A Good Way
The " Twilight " star has seen a rough cut of the film .
This folder is no longer available because of a claim by system .
Want to have your own account to share files ?
Sign Up
We 're not sure why Apple is having such a hard time holding on to these next generation iPhones , but a Vietnamese forum Taoviet.vn has posted more photos cached ) of the previously leaked 4th generation iPhone .
They 've posted a large gallery of shots making it clear that they have a unit in their possession .
There seems to be little new information posted , though the individual who submitted the link to us stated a Vietnamese businessman had bought it in the U.S. together with an iPad .
There are a few interesting aspects to these images that were not seen in the original leak .
The case design is identical , but notably , the back shows that this is a 16GB model .
The previous leak showed " XXGB " written on the back .
Next , it appears this unit actually has been turned on :
It appears to say " Inferno " on the screen with some text on the bottom that indicates the battery life is at 24 % .
It 's hard to say for sure , but it could represent some sort of firmware diagnostics that we have previously seen on prototype iPhone hardware .
This one appears to be called " Bonfire ! " .
There are also no screws on the bottom of this unit :
Teardown photos :
What appears to be the processor .
Apple branded .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Ever wondered where Cisco store their logs ?
Or what is the IP address for the Facebook development box ?
Or how a certain big company organize their IP addresses internally ?
Or where their database server is located ?
Well , that ’s easy to find .
Just do a quick DNS query to find out :
$ host logserver.cisco.com
logserver.cisco.com has address 10.86.229.184
$ host dev.facebook.com
dev.facebook.com has address 10.8.253.45
$ host oracle.sans.org
oracle.sans.org has address 10.10.10.10
$ host intranet.dell.com
intranet.dell.com is an alias for intranet.ins.dell.com .
intranet.ins.dell.com has address 10.143.5.15
$ host secure.dell.com
secure.dell.com is an alias for insideclassic.ins.dell.com .
insideclassic.ins.dell.com has address 10.175.233.67
Another test .
Do you think that Cisco uses git , CVS or SVN ?
$ host cvs.cisco.com
cvs.cisco.com is an alias for total.cisco.com .
total.cisco.com has address 171.70.71.26
$ host svn.cisco.com
svn.cisco.com has address 10.86.100.70
$ host git.cisco.com
git.cisco.com is an alias for data-ibm7.cisco.com .
data-ibm7.cisco.com has address 10.93.230.122
Maybe all of them ?
What is happening here , you may ask .
These companies are not properly separating their internal and external DNS servers , thus leaking their internal structure to the outside .
How bad is that ?
Well , it makes external attacks much much easier .
From DNS cache poisoning to XSS , you can do a lot more when you know where their internal assets are .
And they are not alone …
Try checking where qa.ebay.com or mx.paypal.com or intranet.real.com are .
I would image that such large companies would properly separate their DNS .
How did we find this out ?
Using our scanner :
Major jobs cuts on way in NHS , nurses ' leader says
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Major cuts in NHS staffing levels which could have " disastrous " consequences are likely after the election , the leader of the nurses ' union has warned .
Royal College of Nursing leader Peter Carter believes the cuts will be much worse than the deficit crisis of five years ago when thousands of posts went .
Mr Carter told the BBC he feared the quality of care was going to suffer because of the squeeze on spending .
His warning came on the eve of the RCN 's four - day annual conference .
More than 4,000 nurses are expected to gather in Bournemouth for the event , which is expected to be dominated by NHS finances .
Sir David Nicholson , the chief executive of the health service , has already warned that up to £ 20bn of savings will have to be found by 2014 .
This works out as a saving of about 5 % a year .
The three main parties have all said savings can be made by improving productivity , by tackling management waste and redesigning services .
But Mr Carter said he felt politicians from all sides were being overly optimistic .
The NHS has been told to make savings " There are obviously efficiency savings which can be made , but it is pie in the sky to think that the £ 20 bn figure can be achieved through better productivity alone .
" The reality is that plans are being drawn up to take money out of the NHS and it will be disastrous for the future . "
Reports of recruitment freezes have already started to emerge in places such as Essex , Lancashire and Dorset , but Mr Carter believes this is just the start .
He said he feared the reaction to the deficits crisis in 2005 - 06 - when the RCN estimate at least 22,000 NHS posts went with the majority of them from the 600,000 - strong nurse workforce - could be repeated on a much grander scale .
" We were talking about £ 1.3 bn then .
So logic says if they take the same approach , the numbers of jobs going could be much greater and my fear is that front - line services will suffer .
" The problem is that it is so hard to identify and stop .
The politicians have good intentions , but about 3,000 nurses a month retire so what happens is these posts are not filled .
It does not need redundancies to reduce head - count . "
Poll Mr Carter urged the public to take notice .
A poll of 4,000 people by the union showed 93 % were unaware of the savings that needed to be made .
The survey also showed the NHS was the third most important priority in the view of the public - behind immigration and the economy .
The RCN has received support from the doctors ' union , the British Medical Association .
Dr Paul Flynn , deputy chairman of the BMA 's consultants committee , said : " It is inescapable that there will have to be come cut - backs in services . "
The warnings by the leading bodies come after the parties spent the opening weeks of the election campaign promising to protect the NHS budget .
Labour has said it will increase the budget in line with inflation , while the Tories have promised it will go up above inflation .
The Lib Dems , although not making any direct promises about finances , have pledged to protect front - line services by making savings on management .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- Security forces in Jamaica plan to renew a push Monday to arrest an accused drug lord at the center of violence that has now killed 76 people , the country 's police commissioner said .
Police officers and soldiers plan to launch the second phase of an operation Monday aimed at executing an arrest warrant for Christopher " Dudus " Coke , a suspected drug kingpin who is wanted in the United States , police commissioner Owen Ellington said .
The death toll has risen to 76 as a result of violence triggered by Jamaican authorities ' attempts to arrest Coke , Ellington said .
The dead include 73 civilians , two police officers and one soldier , he said .
Authorities have detained more than 700 people , he said .
Bodies burning in Jamaica
Clashes have unnerved residents in the Kingston neighborhoods of Tivoli Gardens and Denham Town .
Violence flared there after authorities tried to arrest Coke , who was charged last year in U.S. federal court with conspiracy to distribute marijuana and cocaine and with conspiracy to illegally traffic in firearms .
Authorities in Jamaica sought to arrest him after federal prosecutors in New York sought his extradition , but his supporters attacked police stations in response .
Coke has a heroic reputation in Kingston 's slums .
He has been likened to Robin Hood and Jesus because he has helped the community by handing out food , sending children to school and building medical centers .
The plans for a new push to arrest Coke unfolded amid credible evidence that criminals from around the country have converged on Tivoli Gardens to help him avoid arrest , Ellington said in a press briefing with reporters .
At that briefing , Ellington reiterated government denials that members of the security forces have burned bodies .
Some people in Tivoli Gardens told CNN this week that they saw security forces torch dead people and that they feared the authorities were burning bodies to cover up the extent of the violence .
" I literally saw them wrap up men in sheets and put tires on them and burn them , " one man said , adding that the people were already dead when their bodies were burned .
He and others who described burning bodies declined to be identified for fear of reprisals from the authorities .
Reports that authorities have burned or secretly buried bodies are false , Ellington said .
Several senior officials who investigated the reports found no sign that they were true , he said .
The violence that gripped much of Kingston for much of the last week seemed to have largely abated Friday .
Charred debris , broken windows and deserted streets served as a reminder of an anxiety still felt by some , but businesses in Kingston 's main commercial district were open , and officials expressed hope for a sense of normalcy .
The president of Jamaica 's Chamber of Commerce , Milton Samuda , said more businesses reopened Friday .
" I anticipate and hope that it will be fully back to normal by Monday , " he said .
As an atheist who has chosen not to have children , I am used to hearing things like , " But you are exactly the sort of person who should be having kids . "
I understand that this is a compliment , and that 's the way I try to take it .
Still , I find that it gets tiresome after a while .
I have never had any interest in having children , and I 'm about as confident as anyone could be that this is not going to change .
I think we can generally agree that someone who does not want kids , does not particularly enjoy spending time with children , and does not envy the lives of his friends with children probably is n't the sort of person who should have kids of his own .
This is why it was so nice to see a post by Godless Girl titled " Why I'm Childfree " ( update : blog no longer active ) .
Not only did she do an outstanding job of clearly expressing her reasons for choosing not to have children , but she provided some helpful tips for those who have a childfree friend or family member .
Like Godless
Girl , I am not interested in being pitied because I have made this choice .
Parents are certainly right that I am missing out on certain experiences .
There is no question about that .
But I am doing so because I am not interested in having these experiences .
Like Godless
Girl , I am not particularly receptive to the idea that my decision is selfish in some way .
Would n't it be even more selfish to bring unwanted children into the world to serve some other purpose ?
But should n't atheists have more kids to ensure that the future is n't dominated by legions of brainwashed Christians ?
Maybe in some highly abstract way , I can see the merit to such a suggestion .
Still , I 'm not sure we need more children with a parent who is not particularly interested in having them around .
I 'd prefer to contribute to the atheist movement in other ways .
And for those who say that they did n't want ( or like ) children either until they had their first , I do not doubt your experience .
It is just that I think that I probably know myself well enough by now to know that this would not be my experience .
While I cannot be absolutely certain that something like this would not happen to me , all the evidence I have says that it would not .
Mind Over Money
PBS Airdate : April 27 , 2010
NARRATOR : Does raw human emotion dictate your financial decisions , or are we rational calculators of our own self - interest ?
It 's a bitter scientific debate that has real - world consequences .
The crash of 2008 nearly collapses the global economy .
A set of amazing experiments reveals it was no surprise .
Experiments show our behavior is bizarre when it comes to money , but not everyone agrees .
What happens when two powerful forces collide ?
Mind Over Money , right now on NOVA .
ZACH BURNS ( University of Chicago ) : Okay , who 's ready ?
NARRATOR : It 's an unusual experiment that challenges all our ideas about money : ...
ZACH BURNS : Who wants to bid ?
NARRATOR : ... an auction of a twenty dollar bill .
BIDDER ONE : One dollar .
ZACH BURNS : Do I hear two dollars ?
Who 's got ...?
BIDDER TWO : Two dollars .
ZACH BURNS : Do I hear three ?
Three in the back .
How about four ?
You want five ?
BIDDER THREE : Five .
ZACH BURNS : Six ?
BIDDER FOUR : Six .
ZACH BURNS : Seven ?
BIDDER FIVE : Seven .
NARRATOR : The rules are simple .
The highest bidder will get the 20 - dollar bill .
BIDDER SIX : Ten .
ZACH BURNS : Eleven ?
Eleven .
Twelve .
Do I hear 13 ?
BIDDER FIVE : Thirteen .
NARRATOR : But there 's a catch .
ZACH BURNS : Thirteen .
Oh , that 's great .
NARRATOR : The second highest bidder receives nothing but pays the amount of the losing bid .
ZACH BURNS : Do I hear 20 ?
BIDDER SEVEN : Twenty .
ZACH BURNS : Twenty dollars .
NARRATOR : Amazingly , two participants bid way above the face value .
BIDDER EIGHT : Twenty - six .
ZACH BURNS : Twenty - six !
BIDDER SEVEN : Twenty - seven .
ZACH BURNS : Twenty - seven going once ...
BIDDER EIGHT : Twenty - eight .
ZACH BURNS : Twenty - eight !
How about 29 ?
Twenty - eight going once , 28 going twice ...
NARRATOR : So why would anyone pay more then 20 dollars for a 20 - dollar bill ?
ZACH BURNS : Twenty dollars sold for $ 28 to this gentleman .
NARRATOR : A group of scientists , called behavioral economists , think they have the answer .
JENNIFER LERNER ( Harvard University ) :
It just popped , and now he starts again .
NARRATOR : They believe that when it comes to making decisions about money , the human mind often behaves irrationally .
JENNIFER LERNER :
We see a variety of ways in which people depart from rationality .
People are not using the information they say they should be using , and instead they 're using other information that they told us one would be crazy to use .
I 'm going to measure your skin temperature .
NARRATOR : The notion that people can behave irrationally when it comes to money may not seem like a radical idea , but it challenges the dominant economic philosophy that has shaped policy in business and government for the last five decades .
The intellectual heart of this philosophy is here at the University of Chicago .
This campus has given rise to more Nobel Prize winners in economics than any other institution in the world .
Nearly all of them share a common assumption that when it comes to money people are highly rational .
One of the great champions of this view is Gary Becker .
GARY BECKER ( University of Chicago ) :
The most powerful theory we have , and I think it 's the most powerful theory in the social sciences , is economics as a theory of rational behavior at an individual level , and that 's the theory we rely on .
JOHN COCHRANE ( University of Chicago ) :
So what is economics ?
Economics is a way of thinking about things .
NARRATOR : University of Chicago professor John Cochrane is another leading proponent of this rational model of economics .
JOHN COCHRANE : And how do we do it ?
We start by thinking about people and by thinking about how people behave ... people 's behavior .
What do they want ?
How do they go about getting it ?
NARRATOR : It 's a model first revealed 200 years ago by the father of economics , Adam Smith , in his book Wealth of Nations .
JOHN COCHRANE : He started economics in a way that Newton and Galileo started physics .
He defined our field , in some sense , and came across some of the basic insights that people working in their self - interest could coordinate in markets and produce wonderful outcomes .
NARRATOR : So what did Adam Smith mean by rational and self - interested behavior ?
Take an average person in today 's world .
He 's constantly calculating ways to increase his wealth .
GARY BECKER : Adam Smith basically said people are rational , selfish even , so ... a very narrow form of rationality .
NARRATOR : Before he makes a purchase , he works out exactly what things are worth to him .
Be it a cab ride or buying stocks , his goal is never to pay a cent more than he must .
And , while he has emotions , they never sway him from his own financial self - interest .
For Smith , individuals behaving rationally are an invisible hand that keeps the whole economy stable .
GARY BECKER : He put it all together and he ended up with results that are very modern .
I mean , you know , economists over the years have modified it a bit , but Adam Smith really had the basic insight .
NARRATOR : Two centuries later , economics has evolved into a rigorous discipline .
JOHN COCHRANE : Having understood behavior , having thought about the markets where people interact with each other , we understand the predictions of that model for the facts .
NARRATOR : And Smith 's insights into how rational people make financial decisions are now expressed in precise mathematical equations .
JUSTIN FOX ( Harvard Business Review ) : Starting after World War II , you had to say it mathematically if you were going to be taken seriously .
Economics , from the very beginning , had been the study of rational greedy people making decisions to try to enrich themselves .
And it turns out you can come up with some pretty elegant ways of expressing that mathematically .
NARRATOR : Today , these mathematical models are the main tools used by economists to shape policies that affect us all , from the interest rates set by the government and the level of taxes , to how much we can borrow from banks .
Behavioral critics of these models believe they take Adam Smith 's insights to an extreme .
ROBERT SHILLER ( Yale University ) :
They represent people as doing immense calculations with immense databases .
NARRATOR : The main model of consumer behavior assumes that we never buy anything until we 've calculated the impact on , for example , our retirement fund , and we 're so good at math we use interest rates to compute our pleasure , over time , after buying something .
ROBERT SHILLER : What are you talking about ?
What interest rate do I have in my head ?
That 's the kind of thing that the models require that everyone is consistent about .
NARRATOR : Rational economists concede that people do n't actually do these calculations , but they have a well - known defense : " as if . "
EUGENE FAMA ( University of Chicago ) :
The way economics textbooks are written , they do n't say people behave this way , they say people behave " as if " they were doing this .
JOHN COCHRANE :
We 're not assuming that the people in the real world actually make those calculations ; we 're simply saying that they behave as if they do .
NARRATOR : Behavioral economists like Richard Thaler are unconvinced .
RICHARD THALER ( University of Chicago Booth School of Business ) : Defending economic theory , economists made a point about expert billiards players : they might not know anything about physics or trigonometry , but they play as if they do .
Now , that 's ridiculous .
Let 's take an easy shot , like this .
I might be able to make this shot , and an expert would make it .
I can make it too , but let 's think about ... let 's suppose I want to put this ball in this pocket .
Now , I know the trigonometry ; I 've got to get the angles right and so forth .
An expert would have no problem with it , but for me , this is a pretty hard shot .
Ooh !
Close !
Most of the time , we 're not expert billiards players .
When people face hard problems , they make mistakes .
NARRATOR : At the center of all the rational models lies an unflinching belief in free markets .
The idea is to keep regulation and government interference to a minimum , in both the every day consumer market and in the giant money markets of Wall Street .
Rational economists believe that the increase in wealth , worldwide , over the last 30 years , is a triumph for free markets .
GARY BECKER :
It lifted maybe a billion people out of real poverty , and I mean real poverty , but they had one dollar a day or two dollars a day .
That 's real poverty .
And it lifted those people above those limits .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
What in the world is happening on Wall Street ?
NARRATOR : Then comes the crash of 2008 .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP : Investment traders say they 've never seen anything like it .
NARRATOR : The stock market drops over 40 percent ...
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
The Dow traders are standing there , watching in amazement , and I do n't blame them .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP : Traders here , working the phones , say a lot of their customers are freaked out , waiting to see how low the Dow will go .
NARRATOR : ... and apparently irrational financial behavior becomes the order of the day .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP : Let 's talk about the speed with which we 're watching this market deteriorate .
NARRATOR : Fourteen - trillion dollars of wealth invested by Americans is destroyed .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
This has truly been a manic Monday on Wall Street .
NARRATOR : Fear grips the markets .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
The stock market suffered one of its worst days in years .
NARRATOR : And financial experts are forced to imagine the once impossible : ...
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
We have n't seen anything like this since the Great Depression .
NARRATOR : ... the global economy coming to a halt .
LEO MELAMED ( Chicago Mercantile Exchange ) : I shudder to think if all of that stopped .
The consequences are beyond imagination : there would be hunger ; there would be war ; there would be strife ; there would be total unemployment .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
We 're having an electronic run on the banks .
LEO MELAMED : It would put the world back a hundred years , maybe more .
NARRATOR : The chaos seems to undermine decades of economic thinking .
GARY BECKER : Economists as a whole did n't see it coming .
So that 's a black mark on economics , and it's not a very good mark for markets .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
This market took five years to go higher ; it 's now down 40 percent ; this was in one week .
NARRATOR : With the crash , the rift in economics widens between the rationalists and the behavioralists .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
We are talking about financial Armageddon .
JENNIFER LERNER :
The crash really matters , because much of the behavior that led up to the crash is unexplained by the discipline of economics .
JOHN COCHRANE : I 'm sorry , that 's such an empty argument .
That 's just an insult , a pointless insult .
EUGENE FAMA : I do n't see this as a failure of economics , but we need a whipping boy , and economists have always , kind of , been whipping boys , so they 're used to it .
It 's fine .
NARRATOR : So which side is right ?
Are we rational about money , or do our emotions and psychology play a much bigger role than previously realized ?
ZACH BURNS : Okay , everyone , we 're going to start off with a game .
NARRATOR : Take the auction of the 20 - dollar bill that sold for 28 .
ZACH BURNS : Do I hear one dollar ?
BIDDER ONE : One , one dollar .
ZACH BURNS : How about two ?
BIDDER TWO : Two , two dollars .
NARRATOR : In the rational model , a person should never pay 28 dollars for a 20 - dollar bill .
ZACH BURNS : Six ?
How about six ?
BIDDER SIX : Six .
NARRATOR : Paying more than something is worth cannot be in anyone 's best financial interest .
The auction is a key experiment of behavioral economics .
RICHARD THALER :
It 's designed to be a trap , and it's a trap that , if you do n't think more than a couple steps ahead , you fall into .
ZACH BURNS : Eleven ?
Eleven .
Twelve .
Do I hear 13 ?
NARRATOR : It 's the emotional desire to win that drives bids up .
ZACH BURNS : Fourteen ?
Fourteen !
Fifteen .
Do I hear 20 ?
Twenty dollars .
NARRATOR : And fear of being the loser drives them even higher .
BIDDER EIGHT : 23 .
BIDDER SEVEN : 24 .
BIDDER EIGHT : 25 .
RICHARD THALER :
And now it 's a game of chicken .
ZACH BURNS : Twenty - six !
BIDDER EIGHT : Twenty - seven .
ZACH BURNS : Twenty - seven going once ...
BIDDER SEVEN : Twenty - eight .
ZACH BURNS : Twenty - eight !
Twenty dollars sold for $ 28 to this gentleman .
BIDDER SEVEN : What a deal .
ZACH BURNS : And you owe me $ 27 , as well .
RICHARD THALER : Nobody will want to play that game twice .
NARRATOR : The auction may seem far removed from everyday life , but do people outside of the classroom behave just as irrationally ?
We asked shoppers in a Chicago mall if they would prefer $ 100 in a year 's time or $ 102 in a year and a day .
MALL SHOPPER ONE : I 'll take the $ 102 in a year and one day .
MALL SHOPPER TWO : A hundred and two dollars .
MALL SHOPPER THREE : Year plus a day .
MALL SHOPPER FOUR : I mean , I can wait that extra day for it , the $ 102 .
MALL SHOPPER FIVE :
It really would n't make any difference .
MALL SHOPPER SIX : I would do the 102 a year and a day from today .
NARRATOR : They all made the rational decision ...
MALL SHOPPER SIX :
What 's one day after a whole year of waiting ?
NARRATOR : ... and chose the bigger amount .
Then they were asked if they would prefer $ 100 today or $ 102 tomorrow .
The larger amount is still the rational choice .
So what did they say ?
MALL SHOPPER ONE : I 'll take $ 100 right now .
MALL SHOPPER SIX : I would take $ 100 today .
MALL SHOPPER FOUR : I would prefer the $ 100 today .
MALL SHOPPER THREE : Today .
MALL SHOPPER FIVE : I 'm taking the $ 100 today .
NARRATOR : The desire for a quick reward ....
MALL SHOPPER SIX :
One hundred dollars today .
NARRATOR : ... trumps their rational self - interest .
RICHARD THALER : There 's something called " present bias , " that if we have the option of something right now , it 's very tempting to go for it .
NARRATOR : According to behavioral economists , this bias may explain why we save less than we should .
And there are other psychological forces that impact our decisions .
AUCTIONEER : ... a bottle of wine .
NARRATOR : In this experiment , students are asked to bid for a bottle of wine .
NARRATOR : Rational economics suggests they will carefully calculate what it 's worth to them , but before the bidding begins , they 're asked to write the last two digits of their Social Security number on their bid sheet .
Astonishingly , the people who bid the highest for the wine were those who had the highest Social Security numbers .
Unwittingly , they have been influenced by a completely irrelevant number .
RICHARD THALER : It is a great illustration of anchoring .
People are anchored on some number they were given , even when they constructed it at random , like the last two digits of their social security number .
It 's an almost irresistible force .
NARRATOR : Do experiments like these expose flaws in the assumptions underlying rational economics ?
GARY BECKER : They 're dealing with people in the lab .
Economists are dealing with people in the real world , and there 's a difference between the lab and the real world .
JOHN COCHRANE :
These experiments are very interesting , and I find them interesting , too .
The next question is , to what extent does what we find in the lab translate into how people ... understanding how people behave in the real world ... and then make that transition to , " Does this explain market - wide phenomenon ? "
NARRATOR : For economists like Cochrane , it does n't matter if individuals sometimes go against their financial self - interest , as long as most of us act rationally about money most of the time .
Nowhere is that idea more important than here : the New York Stock Exchange , where traders buy and sell corporate stocks .
Their decisions move prices up and down , creating wealth for some investors and financial loss for others .
Richard Rosenblatt 's been trading here for 30 years .
RICHARD ROSENBLATT ( New York Stock Exchange ) :
When I started , the technology was electric lights and telephones .
And yet it 's still the same job : trying to anticipate where the stock is going to move over the next few seconds or minutes and judge your trading decisions accordingly .
And if I 'm right , and I buy a stock in anticipation of other people deciding that this stock is underpriced , then I 'll realize a profit .
NARRATOR : Now , the stock exchange is one small cog in a vast global machine that is the financial markets .
Technology means trading can take place anywhere .
KNIGHT CAPITAL GROUP TRADER ONE : Trading on two bucks on earnings ; we 've got 15 .
Buy .
NARRATOR : At Knight Trading , one of the biggest private dealing floors in the world , traders buy and sell everything from stocks and currencies to commodities like oil and gold .
KNIGHT CAPITAL GROUP TRADER ONE :
You know what ?
I have stuff in the opening .
I wo n't pay over that .
KNIGHT CAPITAL GROUP TRADER TWO : Eight dollar , two on the upside on eight .
Sell !
NARRATOR : And just as Adam Smith suggested , traders here compete fiercely to make as much money as possible for their clients and themselves .
JOE MAZZELLA ( Knight Capital Group ) : You want to win .
And it 's the competitive nature of all of us that drives us to push harder and harder each day .
You know , as the room gets busier and busier , and the noise starts to elevate , if I 'm sitting here , and I 'm not that active , and I see somebody next to me who 's busier than I am , it gets me going .
KNIGHT CAPITAL GROUP TRADER THREE : Hey , Tommy !
The 38,000 guy added 50 , so ...
KNIGHT CAPITAL GROUP TRADER FOUR : T.X.M. for a buyer .
Twenty - three - ninety for 100 .
NARRATOR : Why does it matter what happens in places like this ?
Most of us use financial products like mortgages or mutual funds .
The firms that sell us these products take our money and invest it to make more money in the financial markets .
If traders make profits for these financial firms they can then offer us cheaper mortgages and better mutual fund returns .
The result : a matrix of money that connects us all .
It 's built on an economic model that says most of the time most of us , and most of the traders , behave rationally .
But what if this model of human behavior is n't right ?
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP : Stocks shot higher , giving the Dow its best day in almost two years .
NARRATOR : In 2005 , rational economics , it seems , has delivered .
Times are good and have been for years .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
There 's a hot real estate market in many parts of the country right now .
NARRATOR : Many think the long boom will continue .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP : Earnings jumped almost eight - fold .
ARCHIVE AUDIO PRESIDENT GEORGE W BUSH NEWS CLIP :
Our economic horizon is as bright as it's been in a long time .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
For those in the housing business , these are gold - rush days .
NARRATOR : Economist Robert Shiller is unconvinced .
ROBERT SHILLER :
It did seem to me that there was complacency and an overriding feeling of normalcy that this can't be wrong .
NARRATOR : He thinks the boom is a mirage .
ARCHIVE VIDEO NEWS CLIP :
While the real estate market has grown to new heights and new prices never seen before ...
NARRATOR : He 's worried about one thing in particular : housing .
Housing prices have gone up six percent a year for decades .
In 2005 , in some places they 're rising at 25 percent .
ROBERT SHILLER : This was very anomalous performance .
The idea that home prices always go up led people to think that they had all found the investment of all investments .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP : Thousands came to a two - day expo hoping to learn how how they could turn investment in real estate into personal riches .
NARRATOR : Shiller believes America is in the grip of an irrational mania .
ROBERT SHILLER : I predicted it was likely to correct down and might cause a huge financial crash and a worldwide recession .
NARRATOR : On a book tour , that summer , he warns of the dangers .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP : Economist Robert Shiller is out with a new book titled Irrational Exuberance .
ROBERT SHILLER
( In 2005 News Interview ) :
It 's kind of a frame of mind we get into , when prices keep going up and we see a lot of excitement .
That 's irrational exuberance .
NARRATOR : Rational economists dismiss his warnings .
JOHN COCHRANE : What does " irrational exuberance " mean ?
It 's a lovely buzzword for a view that prices are higher than Bob Schiller thinks they ought to be .
EUGENE FAMA : Bob , who 's a friend of mine , has been consistently pessimistic about prices .
NARRATOR : The debate about whether rising house prices are the result of a mania or rational calculation intensifies .
GARY BECKER : The individual household was not being irrational .
They were getting low down payments , low interest rates , so it was a rational decision to make , particularly when they expected prices to continue to rise over time .
NARRATOR : Financial institutions share the conviction that house prices will continue to rise .
They offer mortgage deals never seen before .
And the country 's top financial officials are optimistic .
ALAN GREENSPAN ( Former Chair , Federal Reserve System / C- Span Archive Video ) :
The U.S. economy has weathered such episodes before , without experiencing significant declines in the national average level of home prices .
BEN BERNANKE ( Chair , Federal Reserve System / C- Span Archive Video ) :
House prices have risen by nearly 25 percent over the past two years .
At a national level , these price increases largely reflect strong economic fundamentals .
NARRATOR : This confidence is n't just a shared hunch , it 's based on the widely accepted models of rational economics .
JUSTIN FOX : Basically , you build the models assuming people were like these calculators who would look at the range of possible outcomes and the risks and balance it all out .
NARRATOR : In 2005 , the economic models assume consumers will make careful calculations about their mortgages .
RICHARD THALER : Economists assume we should n't worry about people taking out 95 - percent mortgages or 100 - percent mortgages or " trust me " mortgages , because they 'll only take out those mortgages if they have made all the relevant calculations .
NARRATOR : Instead , as housing prices soar , many consumers take out mortgages they cannot afford , and assume debt based on the rising value of their homes .
So why might so many people be willing to take on so much risk ?
At Stanford University , researchers stumble on a possible answer .
Their research , at first , has nothing to with money .
It is n't even being conducted by economists .
Psychologists are using powerful brain scanners to explore the mysteries of the human mind , especially emotion .
BRIAN KNUTSON ( Stanford University ) : I started looking into the brain because I was interested in emotion , and I was convinced that there must be something in there that could give us a handle on emotion .
NARRATOR : Psychologist Brian Knutson wants to know how emotions affect one of the oldest parts of our brain , that evolved so long ago we share it with many creatures , even lizards .
BRIAN KNUTSON :
In general , the lower the area of the brain , the farther back it goes in evolution , right ?
And it generalizes across species , so we humans still have these sub-cortical areas , deep in the brain , that are ancient .
NARRATOR : This part of the brain is called the " nucleus accumbens , " and it gets triggered by the most primal human needs .
BRIAN KNUTSON : From the standpoint of survival , it makes a lot of sense that natural rewards , like food and sex and so forth , would activate this circuit that makes you go out and get those rewards .
NARRATOR : This part of the brain plays a crucial role in drug addiction .
Out of curiosity , Knutson tries to find things that excite it as much as the prospect of sex and drugs .
So he asks people to imagine they are about to receive some money .
BRIAN KNUTSON :
Once we started to use money , we found very reliable activation in these emotional circuits .
This means it 's not just sex , it 's not just drugs , it 's not just food that activates these circuits , money also activates these circuits , and it does so very powerfully .
NARRATOR : Could the fact that an ancient part of our brain gets excited by money explain some of the frenzied behavior by financial traders and consumers during the housing boom ?
Rising house prices are an example of a phenomenon called a " speculative bubble , " when prices of a financial asset suddenly take off and keep rising .
Robert Shiller believes it 's emotional excitement that drives them .
ROBERT SHILLER :
What 's going on is that , as the bubble grows , more and more people are coming in .
And they 're coming in out of envy for the other people who are shamelessly boasting , " I made more money than you did all last year , working . "
And for a while , you think it can't be right .
But then you think , " Maybe I was wrong , maybe I should get into this . "
And it 's really driven by human emotion .
NARRATOR : This link with emotions is what makes many rationalist economists reject the idea of bubbles .
EUGENE FAMA : I used to think I knew what the word bubble meant , but I do n't think I know what it means anymore .
I cancelled my subscription to The Economist because the word " bubble " appears three times in every page there now , and I think it 's just totally gratuitous .
It 's mindless .
NARRATOR : Bubbles sound innocuous , but financial journalist Justin Fox has studied their history and discovered what happens when they burst .
The first financial bubble involved something highly unlikely .
JUSTIN FOX :
In the 1630s , in the Netherlands , people were buying and selling Tulip bulbs ... complete , mass insanity in Holland , for a couple of years there , where hundreds of people , artisans , would leave their workshops and set up business as " florists , " they called themselves , although , for the most part , what they really were were tulip bulb traders .
And it was a real financial market .
ROBERT SHILLER :
The price of tulips in Holland rose to such a level that the value of one tulip bulb would sometimes be that of an entire house .
NARRATOR : Over a three - year period , the price of tulip bulbs rose and rose , and then began to soar .
By some accounts , almost half of all the money in the Dutch economy was caught up in trades involving tulips .
JUSTIN FOX :
To a lot of historians , this is really the first example of a financial bubble , even though it was , basically , tulips .
ROBERT SHILLER : People were buying them , not primarily because they liked tulips , but they were buying them because they thought that the price was going up and they could resell them to someone else at a higher price .
NARRATOR : On February 5 , 1637 , the most expensive bulb in Holland failed to sell , and tulip investors panicked .
ROBERT SHILLER :
Then it burst , because prices start falling .
And then they 're falling more , and then you start thinking , " You know , I remember I doubted that tulips could possibly be worth so much .
Maybe I better get out fast . "
And then everyone starts dumping , and then it just drops .
NARRATOR : As the prices plunged , leading citizens found themselves bankrupt .
Some historians estimate it took a generation for the Dutch economy to recover .
There have been many bubbles and crashes since , but the most famous happened closer to home .
The year 1929 began with optimism .
Stock prices had been rising for eight years , and in ' 29 they were soaring .
JUSTIN FOX : The 1920s was a great decade economically .
The economy was booming , industry was booming , and toward the latter part of the decade , financial markets just sort of went from reflecting that boom to , kind of , creating it .
It was just boom times all over .
By the late 1920s , there was just this feeling of a new era .
NARRATOR : Observers described feverish emotions , as thousands of investors paid ever - higher prices for stocks .
ROBERT SHILLER :
In the so - called " roaring ' 20s " the stock market went through an enormous bubble ; people thought it would never end .
NARRATOR : But then , on October 29th , prices suddenly dropped , and the mood turned to one of panic and fear .
Over 9,000 American banks failed , wiping out the life savings of millions .
ROBERT SHILLER :
It led to a depression that lasted over 10 years .
GARY BECKER : We had 25 percent unemployment for most of the decade of the 1930s .
ROBERT SHILLER :
It was an event that was driven by a real change in people 's psychology that lead them to be very optimistic and positive in the 20s and then negative in the 30s .
NARRATOR : This view that emotions can drive an economy up or down became the conventional wisdom of the 1930s , through the work of the renowned British economist John Maynard Keynes .
JOHN MAYNARD KEYNES ( Economist / Video Clip ) :
There 's a new danger of a serious rise of the cost of living .
JUSTIN FOX : Keynes believed that financial markets arrived in a pretty crazy fashion .
His classic quote is that the market could stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent .
NARRATOR : Keynes said emotions could cause prices to soar and then collapse , and to protect the economy from these dangerous bubbles , the markets had to be firmly regulated by government .
Keynes , though , could never explain exactly what the mechanism was .
ROBERT SHILLER : Keynes never got past the fuzzy stage , and it did n't lead him to a precise mathematical model .
And that 's why , ultimately , Keynes was rejected by the profession .
NARRATOR : Now , after the crash of 2008 , behavioral economists are struggling to do what Keynes could not : show precisely how human emotions affect prices .
Their ideas are so influential that behavioral experiments are now conducted even at the University of Chicago , the citadel of rational economics .
One explores a mysterious psychological bias .
ZACH BURNS :
We are interested in how much you would pay for this mug or one identical to it .
NARRATOR : These students have been told to work out the price of a common consumer item .
ZACH BURNS : ... a travel mug , in beautiful maroon .
NARRATOR : They 're asked , first , what they would be prepared to pay to buy the mug .
ZACH BURNS : Let 's think about it for a moment and then write down the maximum amount you'd be willing to pay for this mug or one identical to it .
NARRATOR : They offer an average of six dollars .
ZACH BURNS : So we now have six of these mugs .
We 're just going to raffle them off by selecting a few people at random .
NARRATOR : And then they 're given the same mug for nothing .
An hour later , they 're asked how much they'd be willing to sell it for .
In rational economics , the price should be exactly the same .
After all , the value has n't changed .
But the average price they want for the mug now is nine dollars .
ZACH BURNS : ... wanted to sell the mug back , once you had it , you gave a higher price .
RESEARCH SUBJECT ONE ( University of Chicago ) :
It just made it seem a little bit more special , because it was going to be something useful to me .
ZACH BURNS : Anybody else ?
RESEARCH SUBJECT TWO ( University of Chicago ) :
Well , I got this mug by complete luck , and so it 's important to me , and so I have to charge this much for it .
NARRATOR : The emotional pleasure of owning something for just an hour pushed the price up by 50 percent .
It 's an unexpected outcome , suggesting we are unaware of the emotions that drive this behavior .
At Harvard , researchers are exploring the financial impact of these subtle influences .
The team is led by Jennifer Lerner .
JENNIFER LERNER : I'm a social psychologist , not a clinical psychologist .
I do n't do counseling , therapy , et cetera .
I do experiments in a laboratory .
I come with the assumption that much of what 's going on in terms of influencing a decision is outside of conscious awareness .
NARRATOR : Lerner explores all sorts of emotions .
Today it 's sadness and how it impacts on financial decisions .
JENNIFER LERNER :
We 're going to start by placing these two sensors .
They measure skin conductance , or sweating response .
NARRATOR : The experiment is designed to induce emotions at such a low level the subjects are n't aware of them .
JENNIFER LERNER : ... fairly snug .
It 's going to measure your skin temperature .
NARRATOR : So the researchers use sensors to track the physiological effects of the emotion ...
JENNIFER LERNER :
So now we 're going to get ready to collect the first saliva sample .
NARRATOR : ... from heart and breathing rate , to the hormones in saliva .
JENNIFER LERNER :
These are physiological signals from the subjects .
When we have them first come in , they sit and have a period of quiet rest , relaxing to music , that sort of thing , so we can see what they 're like at baseline .
And then we use that to compare what happens when they might be in the midst of a stressful financial decision .
NARRATOR : Among other activities , the subjects watch a scene from a sad movie .
Unbeknownst to them , this triggers low - level sadness .
Their sensors reveal the emotional change .
JENNIFER LERNER :
The decision - makers in our studies are completely unaware that the sadness is impacting them .
And when we ask them , did the film you saw change your responses in any way , they say no .
NARRATOR : It 's time for the financial test .
The subjects are directed to make a series of financial choices .
Then , they are asked how much they would pay for a consumer product , in this case , a water bottle .
Lerner compares their choices to those of a group not shown the sad video .
JENNIFER LERNER :
Here is an example of a subject in the neutral condition , and this subject is telling us that they would like to buy it at two dollars and fifty cents .
And that contrasts with , here , we have data from a subject who's in the sad condition , and this subject is willing to pay $ 10 to obtain the water bottle .
And that is very representative of what we see .
You get this increased valuation when you 're sad .
NARRATOR : If sadness can lead people to pay four times more for a water bottle , what happens when the stakes are higher ?
JENNIFER LERNER :
The experiments have been done with high stakes money — a thousand dollars , et cetera — and what we find is that these results scale up , even when you use big money .
NARRATOR : If emotions influence prices on the individual level , what about markets and the larger economy ?
According to rational economics , these are driven by individual self - interest , but for Robert Shiller , this ignores something obvious .
ROBERT SHILLER : Humans are empathetic animals , uniquely empathetic .
We 're not just communicating ideas , we 're communicating emotions .
That 's what empathy means .
It 's different from sympathy .
It 's that I am feeling the same thing ; I know what you 're experiencing because it's in my body too , the same feeling that you have .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
There 's a hot real estate market in many parts of the country right now .
NARRATOR : If Shiller is right , could empathy explain how the hyper - optimism of the housing market jumped , like a social contagion , to the financial markets ?
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
The real estate market has grown to new heights and new prices .
NARRATOR : Among professional traders , the idea that moods sweep through markets is taken for granted .
DAN MATHISSON ( Credit Suisse ) :
The market is an aggregation of what thousands of people think the future is going to be like .
And if these people are optimistic about the future , the market goes up , and if people are pessimistic about the future , the market goes down .
But at the end of the day , the question the market answers is , " Are people optimistic or are they pessimistic ? "
And that 's a psychological question .
Emotion still drives the markets .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
They 're saying that the bubble will not burst , there 's plenty of room left to run .
NARRATOR : For rationalists , emotions are not a satisfactory explanation for how markets work .
JOHN COCHRANE :
The observation that people feel emotions means nothing .
And if you 're going to just say markets went up because there was a wave of emotion , you 've got nothing .
That does n't tell us what circumstances are likely to make markets go up or down .
That would not be a scientific theory .
NARRATOR : The rationalists ' conviction is based on the mathematical model they use to understand the financial markets .
It 's called the " efficient markets hypothesis , " and it says that financial markets act , essentially , like a giant calculating machine , efficiently processing all relevant information faster than any individual could .
So , if some traders are emotional , it does n't matter .
EUGENE FAMA : Efficient markets can exist side by side with irrational behavior , as long as you have enough rational people to keep prices in line .
NARRATOR : In the efficient markets model , the financial markets themselves are rational , and prices , at any moment in time , can not be wrong .
It was a model invented by Eugene Fama .
EUGENE FAMA : It 's a pretty good model .
And for almost every practical use you would put that model to , it works pretty well .
It created a big fuss and the fuss persists to this day .
NARRATOR : The fuss persists because , for many behavioralists , the theory implies financial markets should be immune from criticism or control .
ROBERT SHILLER :
The theory is that we have to look at markets as oracles .
When the market moves up , we have to say , " What is the wisdom of the market telling us , today ? "
RICHARD THALER : If markets are efficient , there 's no real need for government , because the market itself will make sure that prices are always equal to the right price .
NARRATOR : Instead of regulation , rationalists believe the markets will come up with their own mechanisms for managing risk .
And so they have .
The first was invented here at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , where traders handle vast sums of money , all the time .
HARRY PANKAU ( Chicago Mercantile Exchange Trader ) : I 'm an independent trader , and I trade my own money , 50 contracts to 100 contracts at a time .
That 's basically a 50 - million to 100 - million - dollars contract size .
NARRATOR : Traders here make their money by effectively offering to insure people against risk , including agricultural producers of pork bellies and oranges .
LEO MELAMED : Long before this orange became an orange , the farmer had to grow it .
He does n't know what will be the price of that orange when it comes to the market , finally , 10 months later .
Will he make a profit ?
NARRATOR : As protection , farmers take out contracts to insure themselves against the price of oranges dropping .
LEO MELAMED : Nowhere in the market are you going to see an orange pass from one trader to the next .
And yet , oranges were transacted in an invisible market .
That is a risk transfer mechanism .
NARRATOR : When he was chairman of the Exchange , Leo Melamed took that idea with oranges and applied it to financial assets .
In a contract , that became known as a derivative .
LEO MELAMED : It was a revolutionary idea .
The board of directors looked at me as if I was half crazy .
" What do you mean ?
At the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ?
The pork belly exchange ?
You 've got to be crazy Melamed , you 're going to take this exchange and blow it up . "
NARRATOR : If you 're worried that a financial asset like a currency or a stock might suddenly move down , you can now buy a derivative that pays you if that happens .
LEO MELAMED : Everyone in the world uses one or another form of financial derivatives to insure the risks that they have .
NARRATOR : Derivatives are so useful , they move beyond the mercantile exchange , and , with less oversight , take on complex new forms .
There are even some created to insure the risks of issuing millions of home mortgages .
But as all these different risks grow someone has to measure them .
At the modern temples of finance , the atmosphere is less Chicago Mercantile and more like academia .
No wonder ; the average trader here is likely to have a graduate degree in math .
DAN MATHISSON : The culture of trading has changed .
When I started in this business , which was n't that long ago , in 1992 , there was a lot of screaming and yelling on the trading floors , people were throwing phones .
Today , you go out on the trading floor and it 's relatively quiet .
There 's a lot of tapping of computer keys , and it's a different type of person involved in trading .
NARRATOR : These traders are called " quants , " because they use equations and statistics to quantify their risks mathematically .
Only then do they program their computers to make trades .
The financial markets are now dominated by the highly mathematical approach of the quants , one that 's been designed to ensure risks are assessed rationally and scientifically .
DAN MATHISSON : There 's still aspects of trading that are an art and not a science .
What 's changed is that there are now a lot of aspects that are treated as a science , and that 's new over the last 20 years .
A quant will troll through tons and tons of data , looking for patterns , and they 're crunching numbers all day trying to improve performance .
NARRATOR : These two key innovations : derivatives to manage risk and mathematics to measure it , convince many that markets are efficient , making bubbles and crashes a thing of the past .
JEREMY GRANTHAM ( GMO , LLC ) :
If you believe that , you can believe that pigs will fly .
When I first heard economists coming out with that idea , I assumed that they were very badly informed , off in their ivory towers .
NARRATOR : Jeremy Grantham is a highly successful investor .
For the last 40 years he 's made his money by spotting price bubbles and betting against them .
JEREMY GRANTHAM : We 've found 27 bubbles .
NARRATOR : Grantham believes bubbles are inevitable and have a predictable rhythm .
JEREMY GRANTHAM :
It 's euphoria causing the price to go up and realism causing it to fall back , and then , eventually , unrealistic panic , as it begins to feed on itself , and the lemmings head in the opposite direction .
NARRATOR : At Chapman University , in California , this cycle is studied by Vernon Smith .
VERNON SMITH ( Chapman University School of Law / 2002 Nobel Prize Winner in Economics ) :
A lot of economists do not like bubbles because they are so hard to understand .
NARRATOR : In this experiment , Smith wants to see what happens when students compete to earn money on a simulated trading floor .
RESEARCHER ONE ( Chapman University ) :
You 'll be participating in a trading experiment .
RESEARCHER TWO ( Chapman University ) :
It 's not a classroom setting .
It 's a setting in which your job is to make as much money as you possibly can .
RESEARCHER ONE :
You will be paid based on the dividends that you have earned ...
NARRATOR : If they play the game well , they could earn hundreds of dollars .
VERNON SMITH :
This is real money , serious money .
NARRATOR : Each of them has been given an imaginary financial asset to trade .
RESEARCHER ONE :
You will be trading an asset .
NARRATOR : And right from the start , they 're told to be careful because the asset will decline in value over time .
By the end of the game , it will be worth nothing .
RESEARCHER ONE :
The asset will live exactly 15 periods of trading .
VERNON SMITH :
And the question is whether this will determine the prices at which they exchange or whether the prices at which they trade deviate from that .
RESEARCHER ONE : Okay , the experiment has begun .
NARRATOR : On a screen , they see the prices the other traders are offering to sell or buy at .
And they also see the value of the asset as it relentlessly declines , shown here as a dashed black line , heading downwards .
As prices rise , they reach the actual value of the asset , and something strange happens : everyone begins to take risks .
RESEARCHER TWO :
So you notice the price as been racing up .
NARRATOR : In the hope of making profits , they now trade high above the real value .
RESEARCHER TWO :
There 's quite a frenzy , way above fundamental value .
NARRATOR : In the flurry of buying , the students are now ignoring the fact that the asset will soon be worthless .
RESEARCHER TWO :
We 're in period 10 , and at the end of period 15 , these assets are worth nothing .
NARRATOR : As the end approaches , the price remains way above the real value .
The graph has taken on a classic bubble shape .
And when the players try to get out , no one wants to buy .
Instead of earning hundreds of dollars , the students watch the graph collapse , leaving them with next to nothing .
This experiment suggests bubbles may be part of the fabric of financial markets .
VERNON SMITH : These experiments ... we 've done hundreds of them , now , and with all kinds of different subjects .
I went to Chicago , and I recruited some over - the - counter - securities traders , put them in the experiment .
They gave us a magnificent bubble .
NARRATOR : It 's a bubble where prices go up and then , suddenly , plummet .
How could such a simple pattern have brought us so close to economic catastrophe ?
In 2005 , as housing prices grow the mechanisms that rational economists count on to keep the markets safe become part of the problem .
Major financial institutions issue billions of dollars worth of derivatives to protect mortgage lenders against home loan defaults .
MARK WHITEHOUSE ( The Wall Street Journal ) :
And every time you created one , you could make six percent of the total value you created .
This was like a gold mine .
NARRATOR : These derivatives are traded , and their price soars , and suddenly they have become the 21st century equivalent of tulip bulbs .
Within a few years , 60 - trillion dollars is riding on them .
All this is fine as long as the quants are calculating risk properly , but their mathematical model assumes the prices in markets are always correct .
MARK WHITEHOUSE :
It was assuming that house prices would keep going up ; it was assuming that very few people would default on some very risky loans ; it was , essentially , assuming that there was no more economic cycle .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP : Notice all those for sale signs out there on homes the owners just can't unload ?
NARRATOR : When housing prices fall , the model breaks down .
The price of derivatives plunges , leaving financial institutions with billions of dollars of debt .
MARK WHITEHOUSE : Banks could n't sell these things at any price .
So , effectively , their price was nothing .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
Shaky home mortgages are triggering fears of a financial meltdown on Wall Street .
JENNIFER LERNER :
On the eve of the crash , there was a whole intellectual edifice , built on the assumptions of rational decision - making .
JUSTIN FOX :
It 's really hard to say that the market is rational and perfect and knows what it 's doing , when it 's clearly capable of freezing up and ceasing to function .
NARRATOR : As fear grips the market , financial firms pull back their money ...
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
There was blood on the floor at the end of trading on Wall ...
NARRATOR : ... and refuse to lend to each other .
And uncertainty leads to something that looks very much like panic .
EUGENE FAMA :
You can give it the charged word " panic , " if you 'd like , but in my view it 's just a change in tastes .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP :
Half a trillion dollars in mortgage investments have gone bad .
JOHN COCHRANE : Emotions is how human beings make rational decisions .
You know , when that lion is coming , it 's important that you feel some adrenaline and some fear , and that 's how you make the rational decision to run like heck in the opposite direction .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEWS CLIP : The Dow tumbled 240 points , while the NASDAQ ...
GARY BECKER : Where do you take this ?
We have another 30 years like we have in the past , including this recession , it would be a great achievement for the world .
ARCHIVE AUDIO NEW CLIP :
Those of us who have looked to the self - interest of lending institutions are in a state of shock , disbelief .
ROBERT SHILLER :
We think we 've got a good quantitative framework which takes care of all the risks , but it 's missing something .
It 's a case where people believe the theory too much , and they were willing to make huge bets based on a theory that really was n't right .
It took futuristic technology to achieve one of the worst ecological disasters on record .
Without such technology , after all , BP could n’t have drilled the Deepwater Horizon well in the first place .
Yet for those who remember their environmental history , the catastrophe in the gulf has a strangely old - fashioned feel , reminiscent of the events that led to the first Earth Day , four decades ago .
And maybe , just maybe , the disaster will help reverse environmentalism ’s long political slide  a slide largely caused by our very success in alleviating highly visible pollution .
If so , there may be a small silver lining to a very dark cloud .
Environmentalism began as a response to pollution that everyone could see .
The spill in the gulf recalls the 1969 blowout that coated the beaches of Santa Barbara in oil .
But 1969 was also the year the Cuyahoga River , which flows through Cleveland , caught fire .
Meanwhile , Lake Erie was widely declared “ dead , ” its waters contaminated by algal blooms .
And major U.S. cities  especially , but by no means only , Los Angeles  were often cloaked in thick , acrid smog .
It was n’t that hard , under the circumstances , to mobilize political support for action .
The Environmental Protection Agency was founded , the Clean Water Act was enacted , and America began making headway against its most visible environmental problems .
Air quality improved : smog alerts in Los Angeles , which used to have more than 100 a year , have become rare .
Rivers stopped burning , and some became swimmable again .
And Lake Erie has come back to life , in part thanks to a ban on laundry detergents containing phosphates .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 625 - Fighting Poor Attention Spans
" Ok , Frank , you need to beat four , or you 're buying today . "
" Alright , well , when he started in on profit margins , margins got me thinking about sixth - grade essays I had to write .
The word ' figures ' got me thinking about ice skating .
The showing of a bar graph made me think of , of course , our favorite bar .
Anderson 's question made me think of the Matrix and Neo .
Finally , I got focused on the boss 's bald head and how much it looked like an orange .
That 's five , so you 're buying today , Joe . "
The Catholic Church is working against the interests of child abuse victims in state legislatures around the country .
In recent weeks , lobbying by the church has blocked measures in Wisconsin , Arizona and Connecticut intended to widen the legal window for victims to file lawsuits against hidden predators .
We urge the New York State Legislature to rise above intense lobbying by the New York State Catholic Conference and Orthodox Jewish officials and pass the overdue Child Victims Act .
Like a similar measure enacted in 2003 by California , it would create a one - time , one - year suspension of the statute of limitations for bringing civil lawsuits over the sexual abuse of children .
Once that window closes , people alleging abuse would have until age 28 to bring a claim .
Current law sets the limit at 23 in most circumstances .
The measure recognizes that it typically takes many years before victims are ready to come forward .
The measure also recognizes the Catholic Church ’s history of intimidating victims and burying abuses in church files , creating a shroud of secrecy that extended in many cases until victims were in their 30s or older , well beyond existing time limits for prosecutions or civil lawsuits .
I only cared about saving burt because he had that dope ass sniper rifle that shot through the tremor and the wall and barrels and finally the truck , best part out of all of the movies .
James is eligible to opt out of his contract this summer , a move that would make the two - time MVP -- and zero - time NBA champion -- a free agent and set off a scramble for his services from New York to Miami to Los Angeles and , of course , back in Cleveland .
Cleveland , which had the best record in the NBA the past two seasons , had a 2 - 1 series lead over the Celtics before losing three straight , including the final two at home by a combined 50 points .
" After a long and deep analysis of all of the factors that led to the disappointing early ends to our playoff runs over the past two seasons , we concluded that it was time for the Cavaliers to move in a different direction , " Gilbert said Monday in a statement released by the team .
" The expectations of this organization are very high and , although change always carries an element of risk , there are times when that risk must be taken in an attempt to break through to new , higher levels of accomplishment .
" This is one of those times . "
Brown was not immediately available for comment , according to The Associated Press .
No one answered the door at his home in Westlake , Ohio .
The James ' family publicist said the All - Star forward was out of town on vacation and not available to comment on Brown 's dismissal .
Cavaliers center Zydrunas Ilgauskas tried to deflect the blame off Brown .
" Obviously , we did n't achieve what we set out to achieve , which is to win a championship , " Ilgauskas said , according to The Plain Dealer of Cleveland .
" But if you 're going to lay all the blame on coach Brown and think that 's going to solve everything , you 've got another thing coming .
" I think we 're all at fault -- the players , everybody .
You have to , at some point , accept some of the responsibility .
We all have to do that .
A coach only can take you so far .
At some point you have to do it yourself and we did n't do it .
I think coach Brown will be fine .
He 'll be coaching again , and I 'm very sure he 'll have success . ''
Cavs guard Mo Williams agreed with Ilgauskas ' stance , according to the Cleveland newspaper .
" Do I think he deserved it ?
No , '' Williams said .
" My question is : Who 's out there that 's better ?
He 's not a bad coach .
To fire him , that 's making a big statement .
After him , you have to get a Hall of Fame coach .
" I thought we prematurely acted on our emotions , as an organization .
I think he did a good job .
If anything , bring in a veteran assistant .
I think we just could have gotten better instead of blowing it all up .
Now we 're starting over .
" I 'm hurt , because I like him a lot , " Williams added .
" He 'll be missed .
We know how the business of basketball goes .
He knows the nature of the business , also .
His presence will be missed . ''
Brown , who had one year left on his contract , could be quickly scooped up by one of the five other teams looking for head coaches .
Brown guided the team to the postseason in each of his five seasons but failed to win an NBA championship .
Cleveland 's assistants also have one year remaining on their deals .
General manager Danny Ferry 's contract expires next month and there 's no guarantee he wants to stay around .
" I have truly enjoyed working with Mike Brown , " Ferry said on Monday .
" Mike has played a huge role in turning around the Cavs organization .
Over the past five years ,
Mike established a work ethic , defensive identity and culture of winning that was not here previously . "
Duke promptly struck down rumors that Mike Krzyzewski could leave the Blue Devils to coach James and the Cavaliers .
" It has been addressed repeatedly since the Lakers thing a few years ago , " a Duke spokesman told ESPN.com 's Andy Katz .
" If anything changes , we will let everyone know . "
Brown was the league 's coach of the year last season when the Cavs won 66 games .
Cleveland lost to Orlando in the conference finals , however , and it was assumed Brown would have to get the team closer to a championship to keep his job .
Bernie Ecclestone has promised to do everything he can to ensure HRT makes it to the end of the season but has concerns it might have to pull out .
HRT was born from the ashes of the financially struggling Campos Meta team , just four weeks before the start of the season .
After attending the first five races it had appeared to find its feet in Formula One - albeit six seconds off the pace - but Ecclestone says he still has concerns .
" HRT have got problems , " he told the Daily Telegraph .
" I will sort it out .
I 'd like to see 12 teams finish the season because they have made the commitment to come in .
We might lose one of them .
But I 'm doing my bit to make sure it does n't happen . "
He also revealed that races in Sochi ( Russia ) and Rome ( Italy ) were still on the cards and should appear on the calendar in 2013 .
Negotiations have been ongoing with both venues this season but Ecclestone insists the ball is still in his court .
" The Russians are good people , " he said in the same interview .
" They get on with things .
It is a matter of whether it suits us or not .
I have to have a look at it first .
Rome is moving forward .
That is going to be good .
It 's a bit political , obviously .
But Rome could be ready in 2013 and Russia about the same time . "
As residents of the world 's consumer capital , New Yorkers can have anything delivered to their door at any time .
They can have their hair cut in the living room , have champagne and caviar rushed to them on a whim , enjoy a shiatsu massage in their own bed or invite a clairvoyant to predict their future from Tarot cards laid out on the kitchen table .
But there is one thing that is currently unavailable for delivery to those who live in this most can - do of metropolises .
Women can not legally give birth at home in the presence of a trained and experienced midwife .
This city of more than 8 million people , with its reputation for being at the cutting - edge of modern urban living , now lacks a single midwife legally permitted to help women have a baby in their own homes .
" It 's pretty shocking that in a city where you can get anything any hour of the day a person cannot give birth at home with a trained practitioner , " said Elan McAllister , president of the New York - based Choices in Childbirth .
The collapse of New York 's legal home birth midwifery services has come as a result of the closure two weeks ago of one of the most progressive hospitals in the city , St Vincent 's in Manhattan .
When the bankrupt hospital shut its doors on 30 April the midwives suddenly found themselves without any backing or support .
There are 13 midwives who practise home births in New York , and under a system introduced in 1992 they are all obliged under state law to be approved by a hospital or obstetrician , on top of their professional training .
St Vincent 's was prepared to underwrite their services , but most other doctors and institutions are not , and they now find themselves without the paperwork they need to work lawfully .
Miriam Schwarzschild , one of the 13 , is now in the invidious position of either abandoning her clients or operating illegally .
" Apparently by taking a woman 's blood pressure I am committing an illegal act , " she said .
She has no doubts about what she will do : she will stand by the six to eight women she helps in labour every month , law be damned .
She said she intends to " fly under the radar " , but is anxious about what would happen should she be reported to the state authorities .
" At any time a nurse or doctor could report me , and once that happens they could go after my licence and shut me down . "
Jitters are spreading among the tiny community of home birth midwives .
The rumour has circulated that one of them has already been shopped to the authorities by an obstetrician at a hospital where she transferred one of her clients in need of medical attention .
The crisis of home birth in New York city is an extreme example of a pattern found across America .
Fewer than 1 % of babies are born at home in the US , and in New York that figure is as low as 0.48 % — about 600 babies every year out of 125,000 .
That compares with a rate of about 30 % in the Netherlands .
In much of Europe , midwives play the lead role in assisting most low - risk and healthy women to give birth , handing over to a specialist doctor or surgeon only when conditions demand .
In the US , that relationship is reversed .
Obstetricians , who are trained to focus on interventionist methods and often have never even witnessed a natural birth , are in charge of about 92 % of all cases .
As a body , they are fiercely resistant both to midwives – who under the private medical system in America are their competitors – and to women choosing to remain at home .
In 2008 the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists put out a statement effectively instructing its members to have nothing to do with the " trendy " fashion towards home births .
Yet despite Acog 's stance , and despite the fact that the US spends more money on pregnancy and childbirth - related hospital costs than any other type of hospital care ( $ 86bn a year ) , the country has the unfortunate distinction of having one of the highest rates of maternal mortality in the industrialised world .
Its rate stands at 16.7 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births , compared with 7.6 in the Netherlands and 3.9 in Italy .
Britain 's rate is 8.2 .
On top of that , about one in three pregnancies in the US end in a caesarean section — a product , critics say , of the highly interventionist approach that includes frequent induced labours and epidurals .
Amnesty International recently dubbed the US record on childbirth as a whole a " human rights crisis " .
Knowledge of these statistics , and of what is now happening to New York midwives , makes Julie Jacobowitz - Kelly see red .
She is one of Schwarzschild 's clients and is preparing to give birth to her first child , a boy she and her partner have already named Benjamin , whose due date fell today .
She said the current illegal status of the home birth midwives was " a travesty , it 's absolutely ridiculous .
It angers me that experienced midwives like Miriam are in jeopardy . "
That is a view shared by some senior New York politicians , including Scott Stringer , Manhattan borough president .
" There are 600 women who are going to give birth in the next year who want midwives with them at home , and to take away their rights and choices is so backwards it 's embarrassing , " he said .
Midwifery organisations are scrambling to persuade other hospitals to take over St Vincent 's role by signing the so - called " written practice agreements " the midwives need to be legal .
So far 75 hospitals have been approached ; not one has replied .
Meanwhile , a bill is sitting before the New York state assembly that would scrap the system of practice agreements and allow the midwives to offer their services free of the control of obstetricians .
But the bill may not be put to a vote at all this year .
" At the end of the day , hospitals are for sick people , and I 'm not sick , " said Jacobowitz - Kelly .
" I 'm going through one of the most natural processes women can go through , so why do it anywhere other than the most natural setting — my home . "
• This article was amended on 17 May 2010 .
The original expressed maternal deaths per 100,000 live births in the Netherlands , Italy and Britain as percentages instead of ratios .
This has been corrected .
A National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration video , shot as officials coordinated response to the Deepwater Horizon disaster , shows that federal officials almost immediately worried that the oil well could leak up to 110,000 barrels per day , or 4.6 million gallons .
The video appears on a federal Web site .
It was filmed in Seattle , at NOAA 's Western Regional Center , as scientists and federal officials in Seattle , Houston and New Orleans engaged in telephone conferences , according to a companion document on the Web site .
The video appears to have been edited , and it was shot by a person carrying a camera from room to room .
In it , officials are discussing the search for survivors of the Deepwater Horizon explosion .
There is a hand - drawn map of the spill dated April 22 .
At one point , the video freezes on a sign next to a door that reads , " War Room . "
In one scene , officials say that the estimate for the leak in a worst - case scenario is between 65,000 and 100,000 barrels per day .
A dry erase board on the wall reads " Estim : 64,000 to 110,000 bbls / day .
CNN reported 300,000 gal / day . "
The high end of the estimate , 110,000 barrels , is about 4.6 million gallons .
At that spill rate , 32 million gallons of oil would enter the Gulf every week .
By comparison , the entire Exxon Valdez spill was about 11 million gallons .
Officials estimate current flow from the damaged well at 210,000 gallons a day .
It is unclear from the video what events would have to transpire to raise the flow rate higher .
A confidential NOAA report , dated April 28 and circulated among federal agencies , makes similar projections regarding spill size in a worst - case situation .
It describes newly discovered leaks in the tangle of riser pipe , attributing them to ongoing erosion of the pipe .
The riser pipe , in this case about 5,000 feet long , connects the wellhead on the sea floor to the drilling rig on the surface .
" If the riser pipe deteriorates further , the flow could become unchecked , " reads the report .
On Thursday , the day after the NOAA report was circulated , BP officials said they were worried about " erosion " of the piping .
Sand is an integral part of the formations that hold oil under the Gulf .
The raw crude rising from the bottom of a well carries sand and other abrasive materials .
In effect , the oil is sandblasting the piping as it rushes through with tremendous force , according to petroleum engineers .
" I think we need to be prepared for it to be the spill of the decade , " Debbie Payton of NOAA , the meeting 's coordinator , says during the NOAA video .
NOAA did not immediately respond to the Press - Register 's request for comment on the video .
When I was in High School , I thought garlic knots were the best things on earth .
I guess I still kind of think that , but often I ’m disappointed by the garlic knots I buy .
I ’m not sure if the quality of garlic knots has gone down in NYC or if I ’ve become harder to please .
These days , they are often hard and dry , probably from being left around too long .
As with all bread - based goodies , the freshest way to get it is out of your own oven .
These really are a reasonable amount of work , and easily doubled , tripled , or quadrupled for even more return .
You ’ll definitely want to increase the recipe , seeing as how I ate all of it in just minutes after taking the pictures .
( I was debating whether I should post this because Lon will see that I did n’t save him any . )
I ’m assuming that pizzerias make their garlic knots with the same dough that they make pizza with , so use any pizza dough that you like .
My recipe is based on the pizza dough recipe from The Bread Bible , by Rose Levy Beranbaum , and these are the best garlic knots ever !
I may never buy any again .
Garlic Knots
~12-13 knots
3/4 cup +1 tablespoon all - purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
1/2 teaspoon table salt
1/3 cup water at room temperature ( 70 to 90 degrees )
5 1/2 teaspoon olive oil , divided
4 large cloves garlic , minced
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1 packed tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
Instructions –
1 . Whisk together flour , sugar , and yeast in a small bowl .
Whisk in salt last ( preventing direct contact with yeast ) .
Make a well in the center and pour in water .
Stir together to moisten the flour , just until dough begins to form , about 20 seconds .
The dough will look shaggy and bumpy , not smooth .
2 . Pour 4 teaspoons oil in a 2 - cup sized bowl or cup ( bigger if you are increasing recipe size ) .
Place dough in and turn to coat .
Cover tightly and rest on the counter until doubled in size , about 1 hour .
3 . Place a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F at least 30 minutes before baking .
Meanwhile , stir together 1 / 2 teaspoon olive oil , garlic , and kosher salt in a large bowl ( you ’ll see why later ) .
Set aside .
4 . When the dough is ready , place it on a board and gently press into a 10 ″ x 6 ″ rectangle .
There will be left - over oil in the cup / bowl that the dough was rising in .
Spread that oil over a baking sheet .
5. Spread half of the garlic mixture across the rectangle dough .
Cut into 3/4 ″ strips ( 6 ″ long ) .
6 . Tie any type of knot and lay on baking sheet with about 2 ″ space in between .
Bake for 12 minutes or until golden .
Meanwhile , add the remaining teaspoon of olive oil and parsley to the garlic mixture .
Stir .
7 . When garlic knots are done baking , toss in the garlic and parsley mixture and serve immediately .
Now , excuse me , I have to go buy some mints .
posted by jessica at 02:24 PM
Filed under Italian , Recipes .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Ludwig van Beethoven ( 16 December 1770 – 26 March 1827 ) was a German pianist and composer of the transitional period between the late Classical and early Romantic eras .
He is often regarded as one of the most brilliant , prolific and influential composers of all time .
Beethoven is widely regarded as a master of musical construction , sometimes sketching the architecture of a movement before he had decided upon the subject matter .
He was one of the first composers to systematically and consistently use interlocking thematic devices , or ' germ - motives ' , to achieve unity between … read more
APRIL Fools !
Thousands of the unsuspecting have been caught out by the latest batch of tall tales this morning , including our " exclusive " report on a proposed " Cage of Shame " .
Many people swallowed the prank and thought a see - through drunk tank in Melbourne 's CBD was actually a great idea .
On our online poll , 57 per cent agreed louts should be “ shamed into behaving ” , while hundreds more offered their full support in our on - line comments , which generated close to a 1200 remarks , and was the top story on our webstie this morning .
Also centred on the city were the pranksters who replaced all the street signs along Queen
St with realistic “ Republic St ” replacements .
The Australian Republican Movement said they had nothing to do with the prank but supported the idea .
Lord Mayor Robert Doyle got the joke , and told Radio 3 AW he thought the move was " very clever , very amusing " .
Radio SEN had listeners worked up this morning when they reported that Carlton superstar Chris Judd would line up to run the Stawell Gift footrace this year .
Just after 7 am this morning on the Tim Watson and Andrew Maher and they said there would be a “ massive betting plunge ” when the betting opened for the $ 40,000 Easter event .
One of the organizers of the Stawell Gift told the station they were going announce it later in the afternoon , noting Judd had been a schoolboy champ .
And the Geelong Advertiser had many punters taking the bait when it reported it had “ conclusive proof ” of the existence of the mysterious Otways big cat .
Unsuspecting readers were given the chance to look at " crystal clear " video of the elusive animal .
ABC radio in Sydney had listeners convinced that we were on the way to World Cup glory after recruiting David Beckham to the side as assistant manager .
“ I 'm really thrilled to be part of this group , I just can't wait to meet up with the lads and get the campaign underway , '' an impersonator told ABC radio of his decision to join the team for the 2010 World Cup .
He went on to quote Shakespeare in the interview and , in an aside , asked ” Posh ' ' where his knickers were .
The move was reportedly sealed after Football Federation Australia ( FFA ) chairman Frank Lowy sent Becks a basket of fruit and a get - well card following his achilles injury last month .
It was an April Fool 's Day wind - up , with David Beckham voiced on the ABC by an impersonator .
But plenty of Aussies were taken in by the gag .
“ I 've never taken much interest in him or his missus but he sounds great , '' one ABC listener said .
Another told the station she got really excited before realising it was a joke .
Among other April Fools gangs included the ZDNet.com.au report about Google leaving Australia and the report that the Avatar sequel would be filmed in Murwillumbah .
In other pranks , BMW tried to convince newspaper readers it had secured the rights to a new GPS navigation system that would lead motorists into a secret underground labyrinth of tunnels .
Pen maker Artline also ran print ads says it had invented a new pen that records everything written with it on a digital memory stick .
The Herald Sun's “ cage of shame ” reports suggested it could be rolled out by Christmas this year if approved .
The fish - tank style box - made from Perspex - would be set up at one of four CBD locations .
It would be used on Friday and Saturday nights to house disorderly drunks picked up throughout the night .
Barriers would be erected around the boxes and tiered seating installed for passers - by to take a long look at those inside .
About 75 per cent of our readers realised the gag , but many voted in favour of the plan anyway in our online poll .
Originally published as ' Shame cage ' an April Fools gag
( Natural News )
An undercover investigation into an organic slaughterhouse has challenged the assumption that ethically certified meat is any better than the regular kind .
The British animal welfare organization Animal Aid secretly planted cameras inside a slaughterhouse operated by Tom Lang , whose facility had been certified for the " humane slaughter " of organic animals by the Soil Association .
The organization chose Lang 's slaughterhouse precisely because it is certified to the highest standard available in the United Kingdom .
Forty hours of secret footage uncovered tightly packed animals being driven up to the facility , where they were chased into the factory by men beating them with sticks .
Inside the facility , the animals are beaten once more to be herded into place .
In one case , a man is seen punching , kicking and kneeing a pig , then striking it with a steel stunning tong at least 20 times , as the animal screams .
Striking animals is a violation of Soil Association rules and national slaughtering regulations .
Regulations also require that animals be killed or have their throats slit within 15 seconds of being stunned , yet the tape shows animals left for much longer .
One sheep was hung upside down for at least 50 seconds , during which time it began to jerk and struggle before being stabbed .
After the release of the video , the Soil Association rescinded Lang 's humane slaughter certification .
The Meat Hygiene Service suspended three slaughterers , opened a criminal investigation and implemented an increase in random checks of the facility .
article notes that such welfare violations are widespread , with 166 slaughterhouses throughout the United Kingdom being reprimanded and 33 being prosecuted on more than 450 different occasions in the past three years .
These cases do not reflect practices occurring when inspectors are not around .
In some cases , inspectors are intimidated out of reporting violations , an anonymous source told the '" If you become rigorous about enforcing the rules the slaughtermen become very aggressive , " he said .
" They tell you bluntly that if you 're too keen , they will simply run over you with a truck or push you into a machine , but it would look like an accident .
" Sources for this story include : www.dailymail.co.uk
Florence – Prisoners fling bodily waste and attack without warning .
Psychotic outbursts fill halls with howls .
A man who upset the wrong clique ended up with a pencil driven though his ear .
Yet for correctional officers , getting mad is n’t allowed .
Now these men and women , who face growing numbers of inmates in some of the nation ’s toughest federal and state prisons , say they ’re increasingly overwhelmed .
They harden themselves to survive inside prison , guards said in recent interviews .
Then they find they ca n’t snap out of it at the end of the day .
Some seethe to themselves .
Others commit suicide .
Depression , alcoholism , domestic violence and heart attacks are common .
And entire communities suffer .
“ You ’re not normal anymore , ” said Hondray Simmons , 36 , an Iraq war veteran now working in the Colorado State Penitentiary in Cañon City .
Guard woes are so epidemic in Fremont County , a hub for the booming prison industry , that an enterprising therapist chose this area to launch an emotional - rescue campaign – the first of its kind in the country .
Prison guards work in “ an unrecognized war zone , ” said Caterina Spinaris , 53 , who left a lucrative psychological counseling practice in Denver six years ago .
She was looking for a pastoral paradise in Florence , a three - stoplight town by the Arkansas River .
Instead , “ heartaches opened up , ” she said , “ and would n’t go away . ”
Now she counsels scores of brittle men and women at her nonprofit Desert Waters Correctional Outreach center , a mile from the ultra - high - security federal “ Supermax ” prison .
Letting go of what ’s held in
From Colorado and across the nation , 168 correctional officers , including several on the brink of suicide , have called or sent e-mails asking for help , Spinaris said .
“ We ’re winning trust little by little . ”
Prison work “ bleeds over into your private life .
You go into restaurants , you sit with your back to the wall .
You want to see all the entrances and exits , and you notice if somebody is carrying something bulky .
You ca n’t turn these skills off , ” said Matthew von Hobe , 50 , a former manager at the four - prison federal complex in Florence .
He knows of two colleagues who committed suicide .
Once in the medium - security workshop where von Hobe worked , two trusted inmates got into a fistfight over a pen .
One grabbed an oak board with a sharp edge , swinging it like a bat before guards could react .
He bashed in the other inmate ’s skull .
Another day , an inmate who crossed into a rival gang ’s television area and changed the channel later was found dead , a pencil driven into his brain through one ear .
Dealing with horrors like these led to divorce , von Hobe said .
“ If your spouse does n’t want to hear about disembowelments in prison , who are you going to talk to ?
You suppress it , ” he said .
When Spinaris arrived , guards from the 13 prisons in the area at first shunned her counseling .
Then in July 2005 , she set up a toll - free “ Corrections Ventline ” that lets guards anonymously blow off steam before they head home .
Family - practice doctors around Fremont County say they typically put troubled guards on antidepressant drugs and then send them to Spinaris for help .
A staggering downside
Prisons have buoyed southern Colorado economically , providing thousands of jobs with retirement and health benefits that pay around $ 36,000 a year , lower than police and firefighter pay but enough to support a family in this area .
Yet research suggests a staggering downside .
Correctional officers ’ life expectancy hovers around 59 years , compared with 77 for the U.S. population overall , according to insurance data .
Prison jobs promise a comfortable retirement , “ but many of these guys do n’t live long after they retire , ” said Dr. Gary Mohr in Cañon City , who has treated guards who had heart attacks .
Their work forces guards “ to put up a shield , ” Mohr said .
“ It ’s hard to take that shield off when you go home .
It ’s hard to open up to the wife and kids . ”
Spinaris ’ work is groundbreaking , he said .
“ The guards I ’ve sent to her , they ’ve come back feeling a lot better . …
They say : ‘ I ’m not losing my mind .
I ’ve just got a really stressful job . ” ‘
Short staffing as the U.S. prison population tops 2.2 million leaves guards short - tempered and prone to “ rage attacks ” directed at family , said Dr. Robert McCurry , another local physician .
The environment behind bars brings out the worst in everyone , said a former prison staffer now helping domestic - violence victims at Cañon City ’s Family Crisis Center .
“ If the person has the propensity for abuse , it ’s definitely going to come out when they work in this profession , ” she said , asking to remain anonymous to protect a child abused in her own family .
The suicide rate among prison guards is 39 percent higher than the average for other occupations , an Archives of Suicide Research study found .
At Florence , at least nine federal guards have committed suicide since 1994 , according to former employees and Spinaris .
Federal Bureau of Prisons officials confirmed five staff suicides in the Florence facilities since 1997 – and 45 nationwide .
The bureau now offers psychological counseling through an arrangement with a Public Health Service agency , spokeswoman Felicia Ponce said .
Guards using a 24 - hour help line can reach counselors trained to discuss emotional , family and financial problems .
“ They can either talk to someone at the time they call or set up an appointment . ”
Colorado state prison officials say that they do n’t track suicides but that at least two guards killed themselves over the past five years .
The suicide rate in semirural Fremont County consistently ranks near the highest in Colorado : 41.8 per 100,000 residents in 2005 , more than twice the statewide rate of 16.8 .
Trauma stays after cuts heal
Among the first guards asking Spinaris for help was Cory Hodges , 37 .
A rising star at the high - security U.S. Penitentiary , Hodges worried his work was hurting him as a husband and new father .
Then , in February 2003 , an inmate jumped Hodges .
Gripping a 6 - inch sharpened copper shank , the prisoner repeatedly stabbed Hodges in the face and neck .
Only Hodges ’ glasses prevented him from losing his right eye , he said .
Another guard fled .
Inmates chased and cut up a third guard .
They surrounded Hodges for more than three minutes until he was rescued .
“ They were screaming and yelling , ‘ Kill him !
Kill him ! ” ‘
Hodges recalled .
The puncture wounds healed , but the trauma remained .
Supervisors offered no counseling .
A warden asked only when he’d be back at work .
Hodges switched to the adjacent Supermax , where inmates are deemed high risk but mostly are confined alone in double - door cells 23 hours a day .
“ I ca n’t seem to get along with anyone anymore , ” Hodges wrote to Spinaris a year ago .
“ I ca n’t tolerate anyone .
It ’s like I could care less if everyone fell off the face of the Earth .
It seems that the only people I want close to me are my wife and my son , and they do n’t want to be close to me because I am so miserable all of the time . ”
Today Hodges works as a railroad engineer based in Texas .
He credits Spinaris with saving his life , but he still struggles .
“ You still question everything people do .
You treat other people like you treat convicts , ” Hodges said .
“ You do n’t wipe this out in a year .
I do n’t know if it ever goes away . ”
While he and others in federal and state prisons are reluctant to go into detail about their work , they also yearn to let outsiders know what they face .
Prisoners routinely bomb guards with urine and feces .
Female correctional officers face unique abuse .
As they make their rounds , male inmates sometimes strip and masturbate , said Anne Gard , 47 , a correctional officer at the penitentiary now out on disability .
Mandatory sentencing laws , and less time off for good behavior , reduce leverage that guards need to control prisoners , Gard said .
When she drove home after penitentiary shifts , she found her instincts as a wife and mother of three children impaired .
Her 8 - year - old daughter was “ a chronic spiller ” at the dinner table , Gard said .
“ I made it worse because I would always overreact . ”
Working at Supermax , veteran correctional officer Gary Kapolites found himself hard - pressed to get out of bed , while his schoolteacher wife raced to her work with passion .
A 225 - pound former football player , Kapolites once took pride in cuffing inmates , inserting tubes up the noses of those on hunger strike , or enforcing rules when inmates refused to cooperate .
But after 10 years in Supermax , he said , “ that grew shallow . ”
Kapolites said he became uncomfortable with what seemed like sensory deprivation to break prisoners ’ will .
He quit after the last time he was called to lead an “ extraction ” – removing a recalcitrant inmate from a cell .
He ’d done these many times before , at the front of a line of guards , everyone decked out in Kevlar and helmets , cameras rolling for legal protection .
Kapolites plowed into the inmate , lifting him and feeling him collapse “ like a powder puff ” as fellow guards piled on to handcuff the inmate .
Kapolites won praise as the guards reviewed their extraction on film .
But he just felt hollow .
“ That one really changed me , ” he said .
“ You expect resistance .
When I hit him , there was n’t any resistance . ”
Now he supports Spinaris ’ efforts to reach more guards and their families .
Correctional officers , he said , “ are doing time too . … A lot of them are not able to detach . …
Alcohol problems .
Domestic violence .
They have a propensity .
The very things they are supposed to be against , they end up doing .
“ You ca n’t just wash it off like in a shower . ”
Staff writer Bruce Finley can be reached at 303-954-1700 or bfinley@denverpost.com .
Online : Video of an interview with a correctional officer .
denverpost.com .
How does one begin to address an issue so lucrative , yet destructive , so well publicized and purposely ignored ?
The drug trade via Mexico has been escalating exponentially in terms of product distributed , money transacted , and lives lost .
The daily death toll at the border city of Ciudad Juarez now exceeds that of Baghdad — and the arrival of Mexican troops serves only to escalate the count .
Both Mexico and the US have pledged to fight and win this decades old “ war on drugs , ” while both countries fully realize that Mexico ’s crippled economy would spiral downward even further without the drug dollars that help prop it askew .
Meanwhile , the much - heralded NAFTA agreement has proven itself an equally dismal failure .
At the time of its implementation , only Ralph Nader warned that its touted job and revenue creation on either side of the border was a poorly disguised , one - way facade for higher corporate profit .
NAFTA has very successfully delayed , thwarted , and replaced movement to create any semblance of living wage jobs that could sustain a functional society and a stable economy in Mexico ( has n’t done much for America ’s middle class either ) .
And the drug trade flourishes .
So we ’ll exchange more “ intelligence , ” throw more money and military hardware at the problem , full well knowing that none of it has ever come close to stopping it and never will .
We ’ll continue to find women ’s bodies in the desert , and as Charles Bowden so deftly points out , menfolk have been dying in equal , if not greater numbers .
This obscenity of drugs and death will continue , its violence unabated , and the myriad related problems remain unaddressed and unresolved .
Of course , we ’ll continue to blame penniless immigrants and illusory terrorists — there ’s never a shortage of brown skins to blame .
Meanwhile , an ever smaller number of journalists ( like Bowden and photographer Julian Cardona ) will continue to report and document for the remaining few willing to listen and peer at the ongoing carnage as it unfolds in distant deserts , alleyways , and government offices , both here and abroad .
And the slaughter of the desperate will continue …
A little more than a week ago , Tom Coburn did something fairly courageous by political standards .
At a town hall meeting in Oklahoma , the conservative Republican senator referred to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi as a “ nice lady ” and criticized Fox News .
( He was briefly booed for the Pelosi comment . )
After an audience member mentioned “ the possibility of imprisonment ” for those who do n’t buy health insurance , Coburn told her , “ The intention is not to put anybody in jail .
That makes for good TV news on FOX but that is n’t the intention . ”
( This is true , the reform law expressly prohibits the government from jailing anyone who fails to either obtain health insurance or pay a tax penalty . )
Then , last night Fox News ’s Bill O’Reilly raked Coburn over the coals for his comment about the network .
O’Reilly said no one had ever appeared on Fox News and told viewers they would go to jail if they did n’t buy health insurance .
“ We researched on Fox News if anybody had ever said you ’re going to jail if you do n’t buy health insurance .
Nobody ’s ever said it . ”
Like Coburn , I was pretty sure I ’d heard exactly this assertion numerous times on Fox News , so I did a quick search of their transcripts .
Here ’s what I found ( emphasis mine ) :
YOUR WORLD WITH NEIL CAVUTO , November 13 , 2009
CAVUTO : So , how much will Senator Harry Reid ’s health care bill ultimately cost ?
Come Monday , we should find out , but , the longer the wait , the more the leaks .
And here ’s the latest , a $ 54 billion addition , a report today saying that the tax threshold on those so - called Cadillac plans is now being raised to $ 23,000 for couples from $ 21,000 .
That means fewer union members then would potentially get hit .
Could that be a payoff for union support and a big Democratic base ?
Republican Congressman Dave Reichert of Washington says yes .
Congressman , if that is the case , will that $ 2,000 difference make the difference ?
REP .
DAVE REICHERT ( R ) , WASHINGTON :
Well , you know , what I`m worried about is that we continue on with this — this whole idea that we ’re going to pay for this bill by taxing people .
So , now we ’re going to tax their health insurance plans .
On the House side , we have already passed a bill that taxes families , taxes small businesses , taxes medical devices for seniors and our special - needs community .
And then we are also going to fine people and send them to jail .
So , the bill just keeps getting worse and worse and worse .
Every day that goes by …
CAVUTO : I understand , Congressman .
GLENN BECK , November 12 , 2009
BECK : They justify the $ 1 dollar health care plan by saving , you know , money through some magical fairy money .
I do n’t know how they ’re going to do it .
They do n’t play by the rules the rest of us have to play by , because they make them up as they go !
But if you do n’t play by their new rules on health care — oh , here ’s a new little twist .
Have you heard this ?
You ’re going to be looking at a fun little stint in jail .
HANNITY , November 10 , 2009
HANNITY : All right , Dick Morris was on the program last night .
Penalties for people who do n’t get government - mandated health insurance .
Jail time , possibility ?
Here ’s President Obama addressing this in an interview .
BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :
If you have the ability to buy insurance , it ’s affordable , and you choose not to do so , forcing you and me and everybody else to subsidize you , you know , there ’s a thousand - dollar hidden tax that families all across America are burdened by because of the fact that people do n’t have health insurance .
You know , there is nothing wrong with a penalty .
Penalties are appropriate for people who try to free ride the system and force others to pay for their health insurance .
HANNITY : Jail ?
Is that …
MUELLER : We are losing freedom .
The Berlin Wall anniversary is just the other day .
And these are the kind of policies that used to be imposed on people behind that wall .
One problem we ’re going to have , though , Sean , they ’re going to have , though , Sean , they ’re going to have to do something about prisons .
They ’re going to put all these people in jail .
It cost $ 50,000 a year to take care of a prisoner .
So they ’re going to have to do prison reform .
HANNITY : That ’s going to be true .
MUELLER : Democrats do n’t like to do prisons .
HANNITY : Put people in jail if they do n’t get their government mandated health ?
We ’re going to tax business .
We ’re going to tax individuals .
There ’s going to be fines .
There ’s going to be penalties .
There ’s a millionaire ’s tax .
We ’re paying for it through the wall .
This is what you want ?
GLENN BECK , November 10 , 2009
JUDGE NAPOLITANO ( filling in for Beck ) : Last Saturday , at 11:00 in the evening , the House of Representatives voted by a five - vote margin to have the federal government manage the health care of everyone in America at a cost of over $ 1 trillion over the next 10 years .
For the first time in American history , if this bill becomes law , the Feds will force you to buy insurance you might not want or may not need or cannot afford .
If you do n’t purchase what the government tells you to buy , if you do n’t do so when they tell you to do it , if you do n’t buy just what they say is right for you , the government may fine you , prosecute you , and even put you in jail .
HANNITY , November 9 , 2009
HANNITY : All right .
You ’ve got — the senators are saying no way .
OK ?
Lieberman is saying he ’ll filibuster .
You ’ve got the blue — you ’ve got in the Senate they ’re saying no way they ’re going to get a government option .
Then you ’ve got these two internal battles that I just described .
How do you see this ?
DICK MORRIS : Well , the fight over the public option is the focus at the moment of the Senate debate and the abortion provision as well .
I do n’t personally much care about either one .
I think that the bill , even with the abortion amendment and even without the public option , is plenty injurious itself .
That would leave the Medicare cuts , the huge payments by the uninsured .
One of the provisions in the Pelosi bill is you actually can go to jail for not having health insurance .
It says that if you do n’t have health insurance , you have to pay a fine of 2.5 percent of your income to the government .
And if you do n’t , you face $ 250,000 or five years in prison .
Can you imagine your prison yard , what are you in for ?
Murder .
I ’m in for rape .
I did n’t have health insurance .
CAVUTO , November 20 , 2009
CHARLES PAYNE ( hosting ) : Stocks slipping a bit today .
That makes it three straight days in the red .
But that may have nothing to do with one firm ’s hunch , if it is right .
Timothy Geithner ’s job could be hanging in the balance .
The treasury secretary facing major heat on Capitol Hill from Republicans and some Democratic congressman , some even calling for his resignation , both sides , by the way .
Is this advice alarmist or practical ?
Let ’s ask “ FOX Business ” all - stars , Matt McCall , Tracy Byrnes , Mark Tatge and Gary B. Smith .
Gary B. , practical or alarmist ?
GARY B. SMITH , EXEMPLAR CAPITAL : I think it is very practical .
Look , Charles , at some of the things we ’ve seen .
You do n’t pay your health insurance taxes , you could go to prison .
You are chairman of G.M. , we do n’t like you , you ’re fired !
You know , Wall Street , we gave you money , no Christmas party for you !
You know what that sounds like to me ?
That sounds like Soviet Russia back in the ’60s and ’70s .
We know how well their economy turned out .
All of these statements were made after the Senate Finance Committee passed its version of the health reform legislation , which specifically prohibited imprisoning people for refusing to pay the tax penalty levied on those without insurance .
To be fair , the House bill did not specifically prohibit this , but it also did not include this threat .
Critics who said failure to obtain insurance would result in jail time were quoting a piece of the internal revenue code , not any version of health reform legislation .
Further explanation here , here , and here .
TIL Biz Markie was not supposed to sing the chorus in his hit song " Just a Friend " , but none of the people he invited showed up at the studio so he sang it himself .
Předně si musíme uvědomit , že je to skutečně na nás , co zde budeme : v extrémním a fantaskním pojetí je to do jisté míry spor mezi industriálním Mordorem nebo elfí Roklinkou .
Pomyslný HDP
Mordoru jistě rostl mnohonásobně vyšším tempem , než ekvivalent HDP v Roklince .
Zejména pak v letech přípravy na válku .
Ten příměr je samozřejmě extrémní , přehnaný .
Záměrně .
Vyniká v něm totiž dobře paradox HDP .
A dobře ilustruje zvolený příměr ještě jednu věc : že nikdy nevolíme mezi vysokým HDP nebo primitivní ekonomikou - ta mordorská byla mnohem primitivn ější než elfí .
V očích statistiků měřících HDP by ale elfové nepochodili , třebaže se v jejich společnosti nepochybně žilo příjemněji .
Rozumné zem ě už dávno pochopily , že zdroj jejich bohatství není ukryt v dobývání surovin , které jim příroda nadělila .
Chápou , že přírodu , ze které jsme vzešli a která nás ohrožovala i živila zároveň , je třeba dnes chránit .
To je paradoxní .
Člověk , jež je sám nedílnou ( jakkoli specifickou ) součástí přírody , se najednou dostal do role ochránce .
Z mohutné přírody se stal parčík na volitelnou procházku a kdysi tak nebezpečná zvířata v kleci v ZOO slouží k pobavení dětem .
Máme tak mylný pocit , že přírodu ovládáme ( až na občasné záplavy , výbuchy sopek , tsunami a další zpupnosti , které nám provádí ) , že nám patří .
Přitom my patříme jí.
A pokud se nenaučíme žít s ní ve větší symbióze , přestane ona chránit nás .
Jediným zdrojem , který nám patří - a který máme využívat naplno - jsme my sami .
Pokud nás mrzí , že nemáme přirozené naleziště ropy , nebo nový zlatý důl , či více čehokoli , vzpomeňme , že přírodní bohatství je pro většinu zemí prokletím .
Většinou se na něj totiž spolehnou ( rozuměj : vytěží , co mohou ) a lidské talenty , které by měly rozvíjet a zmnožovat , nechávají ležet ladem .
Riziko mordorizace je u takových zemí veliké .
Mnohem větší než u těch , na které byla příroda se svými zdroji " skoupá " .
Praktický příklad ?
Třeba Finsko , které asi nejvíc připomíná našlapující elfí ekonomiku : nemá skoro žádné primární zdroje a ještě před pár generacemi představovalo skutečnou periférii Evropy .
Jak je ale právě na něm teď krásně vidět , lze se vyvíjet , růst a šťastně žít i bez těžké mašinérie , tě žkého dluhu a ekologických výčitek .
Jinými slovy , kdybychom žádné uhlí neměli , určitě bychom si vynalezli něco kloudn ějšího ( a užitečn ě jšího ) na práci , než je jeho kutání .
A nemuseli bychom se teď vyčerpávat hádkami o prolomování těžebních limitů .
Přírodní bohatství nás opravdu může v lecčems ochudit .
Není totiž tak úplně naše ( je přírodní ) a to pravé bohatství ( naši vzdělanost , zdraví , kreativitu , moudrost ) nám může zastínit .
Kdysi jsem , ve spojitosti s radarovou základnou , přirovnal náš národ k hobitům : kvůli jejich a našemu přirozenému odporu míchat se do záležitostí " velkých " .
Reptáme , že jsme malí ( blbost ! ) a že na nás nezáleží ( blbost ! ) .
Kdy ž se ale svět zeptá nás , strčíme - jako hobiti - občas hlavu do písku , nebo děláme jiné ned ůstojnosti paličatě - symbolického vzdoru .
Vůbec jsem to přirovnání ale nemyslel zle , vždy ť hobiti - to byl národ úctyhodného Bilba , Froda a jeho přátel .
Národ houževnatý , a když na to přišlo , vtipný a vlastně hrdinný .
Ale také žijící s pocitem , že se kolem nich točí svět , že o nich rozhodují jiní , a že jde zejména o pivo , dobré jídlo a přilehlé zahrádky .
Prostě neradi rozhodujeme o velkých věcech ( i volby u nás tradičně končívají hodně nerozhodně ) .
Což nás ovšem zodpovědnosti nezbavuje , ač může být nepříjemná .
Čím více lidí nepřijde k volbám , tím více moci budou mít politici , které nechceme .
A Mordor už jsme tu jednou měli .
Due to popular demand and the fact that we love trying weird foods and candies , The A.V. Club regularly features Taste Tests .
Feel free to suggest disgusting and / or delicious new edibles for future installments : E-mail us at tastetest@theonion.com .
Advertisement
In spite of its fluffy - cloud consistency and virginal white hue , whipped cream has a pretty naughty reputation .
As far as childhood transgressions go , few are more delicious than filling your face up to the sinuses with ReddiWip when Mom is n’t looking .
As we get older , whipped cream becomes the star player in the food - based lovemaking techniques that only slutty characters in cheesy raunch - coms actually engage in .
Then , when you become truly jaded as you start to realize that no amount of clandestine dessert - topping snarfing and unrealistic Hollywood - sanctioned pseudo - kink can fill the deep black hole inside of you , whipped cream is there to ease your pain — or at least , its nitrous - oxide propellant is .
But you know what makes everything naughtier , do n’t you ?
That ’s right , our good friend alcohol .
Enter Whipped Lightning , a new line of flavored dessert / drink toppings that have been kissed by the booze fairy and packaged in a handy canister , the ideal device to deliver them unto the waiting mouths and stomachs of the confused young girls gone wild of America .
Advertisement
But while the most obvious use of this product may be as a body - shot accoutrement , the makers of Whipped Lightning market their “ Whipahol ” for a slightly less depraved use , namely as an inventive novelty shot - topper , helpfully including a bevy of complicated recipes for shooters , martinis , coffee drinks , and “ drinkserts ” on the product ’s website .
But as tasty as something like the “ Kool - Aid ” sounds ( vodka , melon liqueur , amaretto , and cranberry juice , topped with coconut Whipahol ) , chances are good that when you ask for it down at your neighborhood Senor Frog ’s , the lecherous bartender is going to suggest how much more fun ( and easy ) it would be to just fill your pretty little mouth with some Tropical Passion - flavored Whipped Lightning and call it a day .
Whooo !
Spring break !
Alas , Spring break is over , so we just could n’t in good conscience test Whipahol ’s body - shot potential here in the office .
We instead opted to go the more scientific route , procuring four flavors — Spiced Vanilla , Amaretto , White Chocolate Raspberry , and Spiced Pumpkin Pie — to sample while standing in an awkward circle in the neutral environs of the A.V. Club kitchen .
It is n’t exactly spring break in Cabo , but the appeal of alcohol - infused dessert topping spans time and space , and we predictably drew a good - sized crowd of testers looking to blur the edges of their tough workweek with some midday tippling .
And since it just would n’t be respectful of Whipped Lightning ’s depraved spirit to simply nibble it off plastic spoons while sober and modestly attired , we upped the ante by whipping up some shots — specifically , Blow Jobs , a combination of Bailey ’s and amaretto , topped with Whipahol .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Taste :
The most surprising thing about Whipahol is that it tastes like , well , alcohol , and fairly strong alcohol at that .
Considering its alcohol content is fairly high for something that ’s basically just booze and air — 36.5 proof , higher than liqueurs like Bailey ’s and some schnapps — and the sparse ingredients list mentions only “ grain neutral spirits with natural and artificial flavors and colors , ” perhaps it should n’t be surprising that Whipped Lightning has a bit of a kick , but it ’s still disconcerting for something as insubstantial as foam to kick at all .
On their own , the Amaretto and Spiced Pumpkin Pie iterations had the most character , tasting like slightly burn-ier versions of their stated flavor profiles .
Vanilla , being a fairly meek flavor to begin with , predictably could n’t stand up to its co-star , grain alcohol , making Spiced Vanilla the most aggressively boozy — but still tasty — of the four .
White Chocolate Raspberry , ostensibly the most delicious - sounding flavor , was the biggest disappointment :
Its pronounced chemical overtones render it more akin to hair product than a sweet adult treat .
Advertisement
Since Whipped Lightning is n’t considered a food product and therefore is n’t subject to FDA labeling requirements , it ’s unclear how much actual cream it contains — but the fact that it is n’t considered a food product and that it does n’t need to be refrigerated should indicate that there is n’t much .
Consequently , the portmanteau Whipahol should be interpreted as “ whipped alcohol , ” not “ alcoholic whipped cream ” ; this is basically alcoholic foam , not nearly rich or substantial enough to stand alongside the Reddi - and Cool whips of the world .
While the structural integrity varied from flavor to flavor , none of the Whipahols were dense enough to create the luscious , fluffy mound of deliciousness that the term “ whipped cream ” evokes .
So if you ’re looking for a way to spice up the ol ’ whipped - cream - bikini trick , Whipped Lightning may not be the best candidate .
You know what Whipped Lightning is really good for , though ?
Topping off sticky - sweet shots .
Who knew using a product for its intended purpose could be so rewarding ?
While Whipped Lightning on its own is appealing in that “ huh , interesting ” way , when combined with un - foamed liquor , it ’s downright tasty .
It also holds its shape much better within the confines of a shot glass .
The Amaretto and Spiced Vanilla flavors were rendered smooth and creamy when paired with the Bailey ’s and amaretto , and the fact that they up the alcohol content of this admittedly tame shot a bit is just icing on the cake — or Whipahol on the Blow Job , if you prefer .
Advertisement
Office reactions :
“ I imagine this is what alcoholics think clouds taste like . ”
“ A small amount of whipped cream tastes like it contains a lot of alcohol . ”
“ I plan on replacing all my current whipped - cream consumption with this . ”
“ I can easily see this being abused and featured on the next A&E Intervention . ”
“ Very similar consistency and taste to what I imagine hair mousse tastes like . ”
“ This is exactly what anyone hearing ‘ alcoholic whipped cream ’ would expect .
That said , it 's better than I imagined .
Not too sweet , and seriously boozy .
A shot topped with this stuff would basically be a double shot . ”
“ Finally , a product where probably no one is going to say it tastes like kids ’ medicine .
Unless dad ’s solution for sick kids was to knock ’em out with a couple slugs of brandy . ”
“ This stuff really is n’t essential , but the flavors are good and the concept is fun .
It ’d certainly make body shots more interesting .
And , um , special adult time .
Particularly drunken special adult time . ”
“ Foamy but not shaving - cream foamy .
More like soap - dispenser foamy . ”
“ Hope these will hold until spring break 2011 ! ”
“ Was n’t sold on the color .
Shades of brown , basically . ”
“ I can see Mom and Dad coming home to some very belligerent kids with this in the fridge . ”
“ I really wish I had something mean to say about this to defend my manhood , but it was darn tasty and is made with grain alcohol , so that ’s pretty tough . “
“ All of these have a pretty powerful antiseptic taste , like they want you to be goddamn sure you know you ’re ‘ drinking ’ : foam - booze . ”
“ On their own , they ’re a little too strong , but with booze , they work pretty well . ”
“ I think it ’d help if these things had any actual cream in them .
They ’re just booze foam — a little creaminess would ’ve balanced out the antiseptic flavor . ”
“ Pumpkin Spice had the most character , but Spiced Vanilla was the best - tasting .
Thumbs down on raspberry . ”
“ Pumpkin Pie brings back memories of hour three of Thanksgiving dinner , but with less yelling . ”
“ I was surprised how well Pumpkin Spice worked , though I do n’t know what I ’d really put it on .
You ca n’t really put it on pie , because all of these liquefy so quickly . ”
“ Like so many vanilla - flavored foodstuffs , Spiced Vanilla faded into the background of my memory .
It must not have been too bad or too good . ”
“ I was looking forward to White Chocolate Raspberry the most , but the nasal - clearing booze flavor overpowers everything . ”
“ The raspberry one tastes like rubber cement smells . ”
The raspberry one tastes like rubber cement smells . ”
“ I like the raspberry flavor .
Anybody complaining that their booze tastes too much like alcohol and not enough like raspberries is kind of missing the point .
This is just sweet enough to be tasty .
I have no problem with the fact that it also tastes like what it is . ”
“ The Amaretto is a win , at least when a Blow Job is involved .
By the way , the double entendres of this Taste Test will NEVER get old . ”
“ I 'm not gonna lie , the Blow Job shot was pretty great .
If I did n’t have more shit to edit , I would ’ve had a couple more . ”
“ The room smelled like aerosol hair product afterwards . ”
Where to get it : According to the website , Whipped Lightning is currently available for purchase in Arizona , California , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , Missouri , Oklahoma , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia , and West Virginia , and by special order in Wyoming .
If , like us , you do n’t live in one of those states , some basic Googling should yield some Internet vendors willing to ship it your way .
I heard about Sister Margaret from an acquaintance who is a doctor at the hospital .
After what happened to Sister Margaret , he does n’t dare be named , but he sent an e-mail to his friends lamenting the excommunication of “ a saintly nun ” :
“ She is a kind , soft - spoken , humble , caring , spiritual woman whose spot in Heaven was reserved years ago , ” he said in the e-mail message .
“ The idea that she could be ex-communicated after decades of service to the Church and humanity literally makes me nauseated . ”
“ True Christians , like Sister Margaret , understand that real life is full of difficult moral decisions and pray that they make the right decision in the context of Christ ’s teachings .
Only a group of detached , pampered men in gilded robes on a balcony high above the rest of us could deny these dilemmas . ”
A statement from the bishop ’s office did not dispute that the mother ’s life was in danger — although it did note that no doctor ’s prediction is 100 percent certain .
The implication is that the church would have preferred for the hospital to let nature take its course .
The Roman Catholic hierarchy is entitled to its views .
But the episode reinforces perceptions of church leaders as rigid , dogmatic , out of touch — and very suspicious of independent - minded American nuns .
Sister Margaret made a difficult judgment in an emergency , saved a life and then was punished and humiliated by a lightning bolt from a bishop who spent 16 years living in Rome and who has devoted far less time to serving the downtrodden than Sister Margaret .
Compare their two biographies , and Sister Margaret ’s looks much more like Jesus ’s than the bishop ’s does .
“ Everyone I know considers Sister Margaret to be the moral conscience of the hospital , ” Dr. John Garvie , chief of gastroenterology at St. Joseph ’s Hospital , wrote in a letter to the editor to The Arizona Republic .
“ She works tirelessly and selflessly as the living example and champion of compassionate , appropriate care for the sick and dying . ”
Adobe will no longer pursue its plans to bring Flash to Apple 's iPhone and the iPad .
Adobe on Tuesday evening said it is ceasing investment in a software tool that enables Flash developers to port software into native iPhone and iPad apps , according to Mike Chambers , Adobe 's principal product manager for Flash developer relations .
" The primary goal of Flash has always been to enable cross - browser , platform and device development , " Chambers wrote in a blog post .
" This is the exact opposite of what Apple wants .
They want to tie developers down to their platform , and restrict their options to make it difficult for developers to target other platforms . "
Adobe is reacting to a new rule in the iPhone developer agreement , which stipulates that iPhone and iPad apps must be coded with Apple - approved programming languages , such as C++ or Objective C. If enforced , the rule would effectively ban any apps coded with Adobe 's Packager for iPhone , a tool enabling Flash - coded software to be easily converted into native iPhone apps , released last week with Adobe CS5 .
Faced with Apple 's new rule , Adobe pulled the plug on Packager for iPhone .
That ends , for now , any hope that Flash apps ( or apps that incorporate Flash ) will ever be able to run on the iPad or iPhone .
Apple 's new app policy has been met with furious debate .
Critics say Apple is depriving consumers of choice , because Flash apps that could have been on the iPhone will never see the light of day .
Supporters of Apple 's decision , including Steve Jobs , say the move was necessary to retain quality of apps in the App Store and nimbleness of updating the platform .
Apple has been steadfast with its lack of support for Flash on the iPhone OS .
Some customers have complained that without Flash , iPhone and iPad users are missing out on a big chunk of the internet .
Jobs said during a staff meeting that Flash was not supported because it is " buggy " and frequently causes crashes on the Mac OS , according to a secondhand account first reported by Wired.com .
Rather than supporting Flash , Apple has reportedly pushed website creators to use alternative web standards , including HTML5 , CSS and JavaScript , which are all supported by the iPhone and iPad browser .
Apple said Adobe was incorrect to accuse Apple of locking in developers by not supporting Flash .
" Someone has it backwards – it is HTML5 , CSS , JavaScript and H.264 ( all supported by the iPhone and iPad ) that are open and standard , while Adobe 's Flash is closed and proprietary , " an Apple representative said in a statement provided to CNET .
However , as simple as it may sound for web developers to switch to different standards , Wired.com 's Webmonkey editor Mike Calore said the transition to HTML5 for video playback would be complex .
He explained that there ’s no agreed upon video format for HTML5 , and support varies greatly from browser to browser .
" Not to be overly critical of Apple – anyone pushing for open web standards deserves kudos – but the company seems more deeply concerned with digging Flash 's grave than it does with promoting semantic markup , " Calore wrote .
See Also :
It 's not surprising that so many parents are so worried about autism .
After all , the disorder strikes about one out of every 115 kids , its prevalence seems to be growing , and its cause or causes remain mysterious .
A 1998 article published in the British medical journal The Lancet generated enormous impact by proposing a link between autism and childhood vaccines .
Since then , celebrity activists like Jenny McCarthy have argued that common shots like the measles , mumps , and rubellla vaccine ( MMR ) trigger autism .
Countless media stories have covered the alleged link .
Some parents take to the streets to protest the federal government 's vaccine policy and thousands more take the issue to court .
Many others , like Kelly Green , who runs AutismHwy and is the mother of an autistic child , feel overwhelmed by the information flooding in from both sides of the debate .
Jim Moody , of the think tank Safe Minds , blames the federal government for not being honest about the threat and failing to provide reliable information on the matter .
But researchers like UC Santa Barbara 's Lynn Koegel say the evidence is overwhelming that vaccines do not cause autism .
Recently , the debate took another turn when The Lancet retracted the 1998 article that did so much to spark the controversy .
Will the retraction finally allay parents ' worries or will some continue to resist vaccinations ?
" Do Vaccines Cause Autism ? " is written and produced by Ted Balaker , who also hosts .
Producer : Hawk Jensen ; Associate Producer : Paul Detrick ; Camera : Dan Hayes , Hawk Jensen , and Alex Manning .
Approximately 5.50 minutes .
Scroll down for downloadable versions and subscribe to Reason.tv's YouTube channel to receive automatic notification when new material goes live .
Document deleted by owner Sorry , we can't display this document .
The American dream used to mean a Chevy and white picket fence .
So much for that .
Richard Florida , Atlantic contributor and author of The Great Reset , thinks the American dream might get a divorce from the house and car .
Cars make sense for suburbanites commuting into a dense big city on cheap gas and open roads .
The future of America is crowded with expanding mega- tropolises and mega-regions stitched together with public transit and high speed rail .
Houses make sense when you 're rooted , financially and geographically .
The future of America is itinerant , flexible , and wary of burying money in an immobile " economic trap . "
Throw in the 100 million Americans we 're expected to add in the next four decades , and you 've got a congestion problem that suggests we should replace front lawns and sedans with apartments and trains .
These are startling paragraphs :
We 've reached the limits of what George W. Bush used to call the " ownership society . "
Owning your own home made sense when people could hope to hold a job for most or all of their lives .
But in an economy that revolves around mobility and flexibility , a house that can't be sold becomes an economic trap , preventing people from moving freely to economic opportunity .
Not only has that piece of the American Dream grown dark , but it's also clear that financial excess in the housing sector was one of the central causes of the economic crisis .
The rate of home ownership has been on the decline for some time now .
Many of those who still choose to buy homes will choose smaller ones , while many more will opt for rental housing .
Our new way of life is likely to depend a whole lot less on the car .
In October 2009 , The New York Times reported " ... After more than a century in which an automobile represented the American dream , car enthusiasm may no longer be a part of Americans ' DNA . "
Car culture no longer exerts the powerful pull it once did .
More and more families are deciding to share cars , and young people are putting off buying them and using public transit , bikes , their feet or Zipcars ( membership - based , easy - access short - term car rentals ) instead .
It 's not just that oil and gas have become expensive , it 's that traffic and gridlock have become a deadweight time cost on us and our economy .
A few observations to spice up the analysis :
Productivity Sauce
Dmitri Popov
The Android Market features a few tethering applications , so it should be easy to use your Android phone as a wireless modem .
Well , that 's how the theory goes , anyway .
In practice , however , these applications require root access to your phone 's system , so you have to " root " your phone before you can tether it .
Rooting an Android phone is not for the faint of heart , though , and there is the ever - present risk of bricking your device .
Meet Proxoid , a proxy server application that lets you use your phone as a modem without hacking its system .
Making Proxoid work does require a few steps , but the entire process is simple enough even for uninitiated users .
Here is how to make Proxoid work with an Ubuntu - based system .
Start with installing the Proxoid application on your Android phone from the Android Market .
On your phone , navigate to Settings - > Application ->
Development and enable the USB debugging feature .
On your Ubuntu machine , create the 90 - android.rules file :
gksudo gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/90-android.rules
Add the following line to it :
SUBSYSTEM==" usb " , ATTRS{idVendor}== " 0bb4 " , MODE = " 0666 "
Save the file and quit the text editor .
Download and unpack the latest release of Android SDK .
Connect the phone to the Ubuntu machine via USB and start the Proxoid application .
Open the Terminal , navigate to the tools directory in the Android SDK folder and run the following command :
./adb forward tcp:8080 tcp:8080
The proxy server should now be running , but to be able to use it with Firefox , you have to modify the browser 's proxy settings .
In Firefox , choose Edit -> Preferences and switch to the Advanced -> Network section .
Press the Settings button in the Configure how Firefox connects to the Internet group .
Select the Manual proxy configuration option , then enter localhost in the HTTP Proxy field and 8080 in the Port field .
Press OK to save the settings and close the window .
Now you can browse the Web using the created connection .
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
The Labor Department is encouraging low - wage and immigrant workers to turn in employers who are shortchanging their pay , as part of an expanding effort to enforce wage and hour rules .
Labor Secretary Hilda Solis launched a campaign last week called " We Can Help , " asking workers in industries from construction to food services to notify ...
Image caption
There is debate over " feedback " effects on the climate
The UK's Royal Society is reviewing its public statements on climate change after 43 Fellows complained that it had oversimplified its messages .
They said the communications did not properly distinguish between what was widely agreed on climate science and what is not fully understood .
The society 's ruling council has responded by setting up a panel to produce a consensus document .
The panel should report in July and the report is to be published in September .
It is chaired by physicist John Pethica , vice - president of the Royal Society .
Its deliberations are reviewed by two critical sub - groups , each believed to comprise seven members .
Each of these groups contains a number of society Fellows who are doubtful in some way about the received view of the risks of rising CO2 levels .
It 's not clear to me how we are going to get precise agreement on the wording Review member
One panel member told me : " The timetable is very tough - one draft has already been rejected as completely inadequate . "
The review member said it might not be possible for the document to be agreed at all .
" This is a very serious challenge to the way the society operates , " I was told .
" In the past we have been able to give advice to governments as a society without having to seek consensus of all the members .
" There is very clear evidence that governments are right to be very worried about climate change .
But in any society like this there will inevitably be people who disagree about anything - and my fear is that the society may become paralysed on this issue . "
Another review member told me : " The sceptics have been very strident and well - organised .
It 's not clear to me how we are going to get precise agreement on the wording - we are scientists and we 're being asked to do a job of public communication that is more like journalism . "
But both members said they agreed that some of the previous communications of the organisation in the past were poorly judged .
Question everything
A Royal Society pamphlet Climate Change Controversies is the main focus of the criticism .
A version of it is on the organisation 's website .
It was written in response to attacks on mainstream science which the Royal Society considered scurrilous .
It reads : " This is not intended to provide exhaustive answers to every contentious argument that has been put forward by those who seek to distort and undermine the science of climate change … "
One Fellow who said he was not absolutely convinced of the dangers of CO2 told me : " This appears to suggest that anyone who questions climate science is malicious .
But in science everything is there to be questioned - that should be the very essence of the Royal Society .
Some of us were very upset about that .
" I can understand why this has happened - there is so much politically and economically riding on climate science that the society would find it very hard to say ' well , we are still fairly sure that greenhouse gases are changing the climate ' but the politicians simply would n't accept that level of honest doubt . "
Another society protester said he wanted to be called a climate agnostic rather than a sceptic .
He said he wanted the society 's website to " do more to question the accuracy of the science on climate feedbacks " ( in which a warming world is believed to make itself warmer still through natural processes ) .
" We sent an e-mail round our friends , mainly in physical sciences , " he said .
" Then when we had got 43 names we approached the council in January asking for the website entry on climate to be re-written .
I do n't think they were very pleased .
I do n't think this sort of thing has been done before in the history of the society .
" But we won the day , and the work is underway to re-write it .
I am very hopeful that we will find a form of words on which we can agree .
" I know it looks like a tiny fraction of the total membership ( 1,314 ) but remember we only emailed our friends - we did n't raise a general petition . "
Precautionary principle
He said the agnostics were also demanding a " more even - handed " bibliography .
The first " climate agnostic " also said he was angry at previous comments from the previous president Lord May who declared : " The debate on climate change is over . "
Lord May was once quoted as saying : " ' On one hand , you have the entire scientific community and on the other you have a handful of people , half of them crackpots . "
One source strongly criticised the remarks .
Lord May 's comments were made at a time when world scientists were reaching a consensus ( not unanimity ) that CO2 had warmed the planet and would probably warm it more - maybe dangerously so .
Lobbyists funded by the fossil fuel industry were fighting to undermine that consensus and science academies were concerned that public doubt might deter governments from taking precautionary action to reduce emissions of CO2 .
Climate change doubters among the society 's Fellows say that in their anxiety to support government action , the academies failed to distinguish between " hired guns " and genuine scientific agnostics wanting to explore other potential causes of climate change .
The remit of the society panel is to produce a new public - facing document on what scientists know , what they think they know and which aspects they do not fully understand .
The task is to make the document strong and robust .
It should answer the complaint that previous communications have failed to properly explain uncertainties in climate science .
Language of risk
At the Heartland Institute climate sceptics conference in Chicago , Richard Lindzen , professor of meteorology at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , criticised the current society president Lord Rees for what he described as exaggerating the certainty in a joint public letter with Ralph Cicerone , president of the US National Academy of Sciences .
The letter , published by the Financial Times newspaper , states : " Something unprecedented is now happening .
The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is rising and climate change is occurring , both due to human actions … .
Uncertainties in the future rate of ( temperature ) rise , stemming largely from the ' feedback ' effects on water vapour and clouds , are topics of current research . "
Professor Lindzen says the " unprecedented " statement is misleading because neither the current warming nor the CO2 level are unprecedented .
He complains that the statement on uncertainties is also misleading because it does not reveal that uncertainties about future climate projections are , in his view , immense .
A spokesman for the society defended the letter , saying that the rise in man-made CO2 was indeed unprecedented .
But Professor Lindzen told me : " This is part of an inflation of a scientific position which has sadly become rather routine for spokesmen for scientific bodies . "
The forthcoming Royal Society publication - if it can be agreed by the review panel - will be scrutinised closely because the society carries huge weight in global science .
Under Lord
May it was prime mover of a joint letter of international academies stating that climate change was a major concern .
The comments from the current president Lord Rees in his first Reith lecture next week are rather carefully measured and couched in the language of risk rather than certainty - but even in this speech , critics are likely to say that in some particulars he does not sufficiently distinguish between what is certain and what is very widely believed .
Incanter charts can be saved as PNG files using the save function , but I had a request earlier today to add the ability to save them as PDF documents .
So I ’ve created a new function called save - pdf in a new package called incanter.pdf .
Here ’s a basic example .
( use '( incanter core charts pdf ) ) ( save-pdf ( function - plot sin - 4 4 ) " ./pdf-chart.pdf " )
Which outputs the following PDF file .
Laboratory Supply Distributors , Corp. is a Worldwide Supplier of Chromatography Products , Biotechnology Testing Supplies , Analytical Laboratory Equipment , PCR Consumable Products , Cell and Tissue Culture Products , Eppendorf Plastic Tubes and Plates , Reagent Reservoirs and Storage Plates , Environmental Sampling Products and 96 - Well Multi-Tier Micro Plate Systems .
Chromatography Products Glass Vials Plastic Vials Septa Closures Inserts Aluminum Seals Crimpers
Biotechnology Laboratory Products Microplates Microplate Liners Microplate Vials Sealing Films Molded Liners Reservoirs Microplate Accessories
Environmental Sampling Products Glass Bottles / Jars Plastic Bottles / Jars Pre-Cleaned and Certified Containers Septa Jars VOA / EPA Vials Septa & Closures
Analytical Laboratory Equipment Shakers Rotators Mixers Vortexers Shaker Accessories Evaporators
Laboratory Supply Distributors , Corp. is a manufacturer and supplier of unique and innovative products for the analytical , environmental , research , life science , pharmaceutical , biotechnology , and academic communities .
We have products ranging from Glass and Plastic Vials to VOA Vials for EPA Analysis , as well as various types of Limited Volume Inserts .
Our broad selection of Screw Thread Closures and Snap Top Caps with Septa are sure to impress you , as well as our selection of Biotechnology products such as Microplates , Microplate liners , Sealing Films and Reservoirs .
From organic chemistry , to mass spec , to ground water sampling , Laboratory Supply Distributors is your source for all your laboratory supplies .
In the wake of a lawsuit that accused Yelp of extortion , the reviews site on Tuesday said it will revamp the way it displays reviews and eliminate its " favorite review " feature .
In the wake of a lawsuit that accused Yelp of extortion , the reviews site on Tuesday said it will revamp the way it displays reviews and eliminate its " favorite review " feature .
The " favorite review " feature allowed companies to pay for the right to select their favorite user review and have that review prominently featured on their Yelp page .
Yelp will eliminate this feature , as well as provide the option for users to read reviews that have been filtered out by Yelp engineers .
" While Yelp has seen tremendous growth in just a few years , we 're still new to a lot of people .
Despite our best efforts to educate consumers and the small business community , myths about Yelp have persisted , " Yelp chief executive Jeremy Stoppelman wrote in a blog post .
Earlier this year , a group of small businesses filed a class - action lawsuit against Yelp , accusing the site of demanding monthly payments in exchange for the removal of negative reviews .
At the time , Stoppelman said the lawsuit was " false and easily refuted " and " borne from a lack of understanding of how Yelp works to provide consumers with useful information . "
Stoppelman suggested that the lawyers for the companies suing Yelp had heard about Yelp 's recent financing round " and may be seeking a share . "
That case is still ongoing , but Yelp is now revamping the way it displays reviews in an effort to increase transparency .
" Lifting the veil on our review filter and doing away with ' Favorite Review ' will make it even clearer that displayed reviews on Yelp are completely independent of advertising -- or any sort of manipulation , " Stoppelman wrote .
" We also hope it will demonstrate the importance of a safeguard such as our filter and the unique challenge we face daily to maintain the integrity of the review content on our site . "
In order to weed out disingenuous reviews , Yelp employs a reviews engine that selects those that are most likely from a real Yelp reviewer .
This protects businesses from unfavorable reviews that might be written by a competitor as well as glowing reviews that might have been written by an employee , not a customer , Stoppelman said .
Going forward , users will be able to read reviews that are not selected for display on a company 's
Yelp page , " and see for yourself the work the review filter has done behind the scenes , " Stoppleman said .
" You can see that Yelp 's review filter works just the same for advertisers and non-advertisers alike .
There is not  nor ever has been  a bias . "
This does not mean
Yelp will abandon the filter  " our engineers remain hard at work , " he said .
How will Yelp recoup the dollars lost from eliminating " favorite review " ?
The site will allow companies to add a video to the photo slideshow on their business page .
" Additionally , in an effort to more formally integrate feedback from the business community , we 've created a Small Business Advisory Council whose members will provide Yelp management with guidance and perspective regarding the concerns of small business owners , " Stoppelman wrote .
Most users wo n't notice the changes , he said , " but we hope this new ability to ' look under the hood ' will help everyone understand the lengths we 've taken to ensure Yelp is the most trusted resource on the internet for connecting people with great local businesses . "
Jared H. Beck , the lawyers for the companies suing Yelp , said the changes " are an important first step in the right direction for the thousands of businesses who have seen their livelihoods trampled or threatened by Yelp 's extortionate practices . "
Among Beck 's clients is Cats & Dogs Animal Hospital in Long Beach , Calif. , which said that Yelp demanded a $ 300 per month payment in exchange for removing a Yelp review the hospital considered to be false and defamatory .
Astro Appliance Service in San Carlos , Calif .
also accused
Yelp of promising prioritized placement over competitors if they agreed to become a paying Yelp sponsor .
Bleeding Heart Bakery in Chicago , meanwhile , said Yelp told them the site would push bad reviews to the bottom of the pile if they paid up , according to Beck .
Do n't think Tuesday 's changes mean an end to the case .
" There is much work left to be done through the legal process , including the looming issues of Yelp 's ' pay to play ' sales tactics , as well as the pursuit of substantial restitution and damages owed to the class members , " Beck said .
Tokyo , Japan ( CNN ) --
An ongoing feud with the United States over the future of an American military base in Okinawa may end up costing Japan 's prime minister his job , a weekend poll shows .
Two out of three Japanese say they disapprove of Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama , according to a Nikkei newspaper poll .
It shows that 68 percent of voters disapprove of the prime minister 's performance and 59 percent say he should resign if he can't resolve the fight over the future of the Futenma Air Base in Okinawa .
The poll comes on the heels of a massive rally in Okinawa , where nearly 100,000 residents gathered Sunday to demand the base move off the island .
In 2006 , the United States and Japan agreed to move the base from a city center to a rural part of Okinawa .
But last year , as then - candidate Hatoyama campaigned for the country 's top job , he promised to move the base off of Okinawa altogether .
The issue is an emotional one for Okinawans who currently give up 10 percent to 20 percent of the island to the U.S. military .
Okinawans say the U.S. military has been responsible for a number of blights in Okinawa , from serious crimes like rape and drunken driving , to environmental and noise pollution .
The residents , energized by an anti-U.S. campaign pledge in the last election , voted overwhelmingly for Hatoyama .
But as prime minister , Hatoyama has found the promise difficult to keep , prompting residents to demand that he fulfill that pledge .
The U.S. , Japan 's closest ally , says Japan should live up to the 2006 agreement .
Hatoyama has pushed back , saying his government will look at other options .
The two governments have established a working group to find an agreeable solution , but in the meantime , it has frayed the normally lockstep relationship between the allies .
In Japan , analysts say the lack of a quick solution to the base issue is dragging down Hatoyama 's poll numbers and entire agenda .
" When a politician picks up a populist issue , he has to put it down in a populist manner , to please all the Japanese people , " said Keith Henry , principal officer at Asia Strategy in Tokyo .
" Mr. Hatoyama has failed completely as a Japanese politician , as a leader of this country to take control of that issue , " Henry said .
" What should have been a regional issue within Okinawa has become a national referendum on Hatoyama himself , and unfortunately , on the state of U.S. - Japan relations . "
Turning up the heat even more , Okinawans are taking their protest this week to the United States .
The Japan - U.S. Citizens for Okinawa Network and the Network for Okinawa have paid for a full page ad to run in The Washington Post this week .
The ad reads : " Would you want 30 military bases in your backyard ? " and asks : " Tell the Obama Administration :
We do n't need this base in Okinawa . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Two senior congressional Republicans on Sunday declined to express confidence in Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele after revelations that the RNC spent $ 2,000 entertaining potential contributors at a sex - themed nightclub .
Michael Steele speaks during a news conference after being elected Republican National Committee chairman in Washington January 30 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Molly Riley
The controversy over Steele ’s leadership of the Republican National Committee comes as the party is hoping to seize back control of the U.S. Congress from President Barack Obama ’s Democrats in November congressional elections .
But Steele ’s stewardship of the RNC is threatening to distract Republicans at a pivotal time .
Asked whether Steele should step down , Senator Jon Kyl , the Senate ’s number two Republican , said on the “ Fox News Sunday ” program : “ I ’m not in the position of the people who elect Michael Steele to either say he should step down or not . ”
But Kyl added , “ This kind of thing has got to stop or they wo n’t get any contributions . ”
Representative Kevin McCarthy , a member of the House of Representatives Republican leadership , appearing on the same program , said Steele was not immediately responsible for the nightclub incident and was trying to remedy RNC missteps .
But McCarthy added , “ You ’ve got to bring the trust back , and that may mean shaking some other roles inside the RNC as well . ”
Steele has faced criticism for lavish spending by the Republican National Committee .
For example , the RNC last month was forced to explain a $ 2,000 tab for entertaining young Republicans at a bondage - themed nightclub in West Hollywood that ended up costing an RNC staffer her job .
Some prominent Republicans have stepped up criticism of the RNC under Steele as it is working to build cash reserves for the November mid-term congressional elections .
Asked directly if he had full confidence in Steele , McCarthy sidestepped the question .
“ Look , I ’m very focused on House races , but the RNC does have some challenges that they need to correct .
Not only does the American people request it but the Republicans requested it as well , ” McCarthy said .
( CNN ) -- Space shuttle Discovery launched early Monday to deliver spare parts and science experiments to the international space station .
Discovery launched at 6:21 a.m. ET from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida
Discovery , with its crew of seven astronauts , is carrying supplies and science equipment for the international space station 's laboratories .
The 13 - day mission includes three planned spacewalks , replacing an ammonia tank assembly and retrieving a Japanese experiment from the station 's exterior .
Discovery is scheduled to arrive at the space station on Wednesday , and return to Earth on April 18 at 8:35 a.m. ET .
After this mission , there are only three shuttle missions remaining before the space shuttle fleet is retired .
i Report : Did you watch the launch ?
Share your photos and video
NASA said Discovery 's mission will mark the first time four women have been in space at one time :
Three women -- mission specialists Stephanie Wilson , Dorothy Metcalf - Lindenburger and Naoko Yamazaki -- comprise part of the Discovery 's crew , while NASA astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson is already at the space station .
The launch comes three days after Russian spacecraft Soyuz TMA - 18 , carrying Dyson and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Skvortsov and Mikhail Kornienko , blasted off to the International Space Station from a Kazakhstan facility .
The space station , which orbits the Earth at a height of some 250 miles , is due to be finished next year and is about 90 percent complete .
Below is a list of more detailed answers to the most Frequently Asked Questions ( FAQ ) about Waldorf education .
The answers can be found at a number of places on the Internet .
The people who have put them together are : Joni Agostinelli , Bruce Bischof , John Bloom , Eddie Chang , Richard Darsie , Jenny Helmick , Gretchen Henderson , Linda Hoffman , Mary Holden , Terry Kilshaw , John Kimball , Edward Looney , Lynne McKechnie , Bill McKeeman , John Morris , Jodi Reed , Geoff Sears , Valdemar Setzer and Steve Spitalny .
The answers have been complemented with some small updating by Sune Nordwall ( on the present number of Waldorf schools world wide and some links ) and some editorial suggestions by Cat Greenstreet .
For more on Waldorf education , the organization of Waldorf schools and work of Waldorf teachers , see the AWSNA web site .
For some more uncommon questions on Waldorf education , see here
If you have a web site on Waldorf education , feel free to link to this page .
1 . What is Waldorf education ?
Waldorf education is a unique and distinctive approach to educating children that is practiced in Waldorf schools worldwide .
Waldorf schools collectively form the largest , and quite possibly the fastest growing , group of non-profit , independent schools in the world .
There is no centralized administrative structure governing all Waldorf schools ; each is administratively independent , but there are established associations which provide resources , publish materials , sponsor conferences , and promote the movement .
2 . What is unique about Waldorf education ?
How is it different from other alternatives ( public schooling , Montessori , unschooling , etc. ) ?
The best overall statement on what is unique about Waldorf education is to be found in the stated goals of the schooling : " to produce individuals who are able , in and of themselves , to impart meaning to their lives " .
The aim of Waldorf schooling is to educate the whole child , " head , heart and hands " .
The curriculum is as broad as time will allow , and balances academics subjects with artistic and practical activities .
Waldorf teachers are dedicated to creating a genuine love of learning within each child .
By freely using arts and activities in the service of teaching academics , an internal motivation to learn is developed in the students , doing away with the need for competitive testing and grading .
Some distinctive features of Waldorf education include the following :
Academics are de-emphasized in the early years of schooling .
There is no academic content in the Waldorf kindergarten experience ( although there is a good deal of cultivation of pre-academic skills ) , and minimal academics in first grade .
Literacy readiness begins in kindergarten with formal reading instruction beginning in grade one .
Most children are reading independently by the middle or end of second grade .
During the elementary school years ( grades 1 - 8 ) the students have a class ( or " main lesson " ) teacher , who stays with the class for a number of consecutive years .
Many teachers stay with their class from first to eighth grade .
However , in a number of schools , teachers are likely to stay with a class for a shorter period : a class may have one class teacher for grades 1 - 5 and another for grades 6 - 8 , for example .
Certain activities which are often considered " frills " at mainstream schools are central at Waldorf schools : art , music , gardening , and foreign languages ( usually two in elementary grades ) , to name a few .
In the younger grades , all subjects are introduced through artistic mediums , use the children respond better to this medium than to dry lecturing and rote learning .
All children learn to play recorder and to knit .
There are no " textbooks " as such in the first through fifth grades .
All children have " main lesson books " , which are their own workbooks which they fill in during the course of the year .
They essentially produce their own " textbooks " which record their experiences and what they 've learned .
In some schools upper grades may use textbooks to supplement skills development , especially in math and grammar .
Learning in a Waldorf school is a noncompetitive activity .
There are no grades given at the elementary level ; the teacher writes a detailed evaluation of the child at the end of each school year .
The use of electronic media , particularly television , by young children is strongly discouraged in Waldorf schools .
3 . What is the curriculum at a Waldorf school like ?
The Waldorf curriculum is designed to be responsive to the various phases of a child 's development .
The relationship between student and teacher is , likewise , recognized to be both crucial and changing throughout the course of childhood and early adolescence .
The main subjects , such as history , language arts , science and mathematics are , as mentioned , taught in main lesson blocks of two to three hours per day , with each block lasting from three to five weeks .
The total Waldorf curriculum has been likened to an ascending spiral : subjects are revisited several times , but each new exposure affords greater depth and new insights into the subject at hand .
A typical Lower School curriculum would likely look something like the following :
Primary Grades 1 - 3
Pictorial introduction to the alphabet , writing , reading , spelling , poetry and drama .
Folk and fairy tales , fables , legends , Old Testament stories .
Numbers , basic mathematical processes of addition , subtraction , multiplication and division .
Nature stories , house building and gardening .
Middle Grades 4 - 6
Writing , reading , spelling , grammar , poetry and drama .
Norse myths , history and stories of ancient civilizations .
Review of the four mathematical processes , fractions , percentages , and geometry .
Local and world geography , comparative zoology , botany and elementary physics .
Upper Grades 7 - 8
Creative writing , reading , spelling , grammar , poetry and drama .
Medieval history , Renaissance , world exploration , American history and biography .
Geography , physics , basic chemistry , astronomy , geology and physiology .
Special subjects also taught include :
Handwork : knitting , crochet , sewing , cross stitch , basic weaving , toy making and woodworking .
Music : singing , pentatonic flute , recorder , string instruments , wind , brass and percussion instruments .
Foreign Languages ( varies by school ) : Spanish , French , Japanese and German .
Art : wet - on - wet water color painting , form drawing , beeswax and clay modeling , perspective drawing .
Movement : eurythmy , gymnastics , group games .
4. How did Waldorf education get started ?
In 1919 , Rudolf Steiner , the Austrian philosopher , scientist and artist , was invited to give a series of lectures to the workers of the Waldorf - Astoria cigarette factory in Stuttgart , Germany .
As a result , the factory 's owner , Emil Molt , asked Steiner to establish and lead a school for the children of the factory 's employees .
Steiner agreed to do so on four conditions :
- the school should be open to all children ;
- it should be coeducational ;
- it should be a unified twelve - year school ; and that
- the teachers , those who would be working directly with the children , should take the leading role in the running of the school , with a minimum of interference from governmental or economic concerns .
Molt agreed to the conditions and , after a training period for the prospective teachers , die Freie Waldorfschule ( the Free Waldorf School ) was opened September 7 , 1919 .
5 . How many Waldorf schools are there ?
Currently , there are about 1,000 Waldorf schools in 60 countries .
Approximately 150 Waldorf schools are currently operating in North America .
There are also public Waldorf programs in Milwaukee , Wisconsin and Detroit , Michigan .
A directory of schools in the United States or Canada is maintained by the Association of Waldorf Schools of North America ( AWSNA ) .
Schools elsewhere in the World can be located through the mother site of the Waldorf world , the Bund der Freien Waldorfschulen , ( Federation of Free Waldorf Schools ) in Stuttgart , Germany .
6 . What is the philosophy behind Waldorf education ?
Consistent with his philosophy called anthroposophy , Steiner designed a curriculum responsive to the developmental phases in childhood and nurturing of children 's imaginations .
He thought that schools should cater to the needs of children rather than the demands of the government or economic forces , so he developed schools that encourage creativity and free - thinking .
7 . Why should I send my child to a Waldorf school ?
The main reason is that Waldorf schools honor and protect the wonder of childhood .
Every effort is expended to make Waldorf schools safe , secure and nurturing environments for the children , and to protect their childhood from harmful influences from the broader society .
Secondly , Waldorf education has a consistent philosophy of child development underlying the curriculum .
All subjects are introduced in age appropriate fashion .
Finally , Waldorf schools produce graduates who are academically advantaged with respect to their public school counterparts , and who consistently gain admission to top universities .
8. Who was Rudolf Steiner ?
Dr. Rudolf Steiner was a highly respected and well published scientific , literary and philosophical scholar who was particularly known for his work on Goethe 's scientific writings .
He later came to incorporate his scientific investigations with his interest in spiritual development .
He became a forerunner in the field of spiritual scientific investigation for the modern 20th century individual .
His background in history and civilizations coupled with his observation in life gave the world the gift of Waldorf Education .
It is a deeply insightful application of learning based on the Study of Humanity with developing consciousness of self and the surrounding world .
9 . How is reading taught in a Waldorf school ?
Why do Waldorf students wait until 2nd grade to begin learning to read ?
Waldorf education is deeply bound up with the oral tradition , typically beginning with the teacher telling the children fairy tales throughout kindergarten and first grade .
The oral approach is used all through Waldorf education : mastery of oral communication is seen as being integral to all learning .
Reading instruction , as such , is deferred .
Instead , writing is taught first .
During the first grade year the children explore how our alphabet came about , discovering , as the ancients did , how each letter 's form evolved out of a pictograph .
Writing thus evolves out of the children 's art , and their ability to read likewise evolves as a natural and , indeed , comparatively effortless stage of their mastery of language .
10 .
Why is so much emphasis put on festivals and ceremonies ?
Seasonal festivals serve to connect humanity with the rhythms of nature and of the cosmos .
The festivals originated in ancient cultures , yet have been adapted over time .
To join the seasonal moods of the year , in a festive way , benefits the inner life of the soul .
Celebrating is an art .
There is joy in the anticipation , the preparation , the celebration itself , and the memories .
11 . What are Michaelmas , St. John 's Day , etc.?
The four seasonal festivals are Michaelmas ( fall ) , Christmas ( winter ) , Easter ( spring ) , and St. John ( summer ) .
Michaelmas , September 29 : St. Michael is known as the conqueror of the dragon , the heavenly hero with his starry sword ( cosmic iron ) who gives strength to people .
Christmas :
An ancient festival ; celebrated when the sun sends the least power to the earth , as a festival which awakens in the human being an inkling of the very wellsprings of existence , of an eternal reality .
It is a time when the soul withdraws into the innermost depths to experience within itself the inner spiritual light .
Easter derives its name from pre-Christian goddess symbols of rebirth , fertility and spring .
The renewal of man 's being is celebrated with that of the earth .
Ancient symbols of the hare and egg are both known as signs of the return of life after winter 's sleep .
St. John - June 24 - Midsummer Day : Ancient peoples , watching the sun reach its high point at this time , lit bonfires to encourage it to shine and ripen their crops .
It is a time when the cosmos brings the spiritual to man - a time when the spiritual , which animates and weaves through everything in nature , is revealed .
12 . Why do Waldorf Schools discourage TV watching ?
The reasons for this have as much to do with the physical effects of the medium on the developing child as with the ( to say the least ) questionable content of much of the programming .
Electronic media are believed by Waldorf teachers to seriously hamper the development of the child 's imagination - a faculty which is believed to be central to the healthy development of the individual .
Computer use by young children is also discouraged .
Waldorf teachers are not , by the way , alone in this belief .
Several books have been written in recent years expressing concern with the effect of television on young children .
See , for instance , Endangered Minds by Jane Healy , Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television by Jerry Mander , or The Plug - In Drug by Marie Winn .
13 .
What is the annual tuition of a Waldorf school ?
Tuition costs vary from school to school and are comparable to other independent schools in the same geographic location that are not subsidized through church affiliations .
In the United States , Waldorf schools are non-profit and independent , and are supported by tuition income , fees , and charitable contributions .
Most Waldorf schools have active tuition assistance programs and many offer " sibling discounts " .
Some have a stated principle that they will not deny a child a Waldorf education based strictly on financial considerations .
There now also are a number of public Waldorf charter schools , that do n't charge tuition .
( See Public Waldorf Education )
14 . What kind of education do Waldorf teachers have ?
While requirements within individual schools may vary , as a rule Class Teachers will have both a university degree and teaching certification from a recognized Waldorf teacher education college or institute .
Some Waldorf education programs can also grant B.A. and M.A. degrees in conjunction with Waldorf teaching certification .
Typically , the course of study for teachers is from two to three years and includes practice teaching in a Waldorf school under the supervision of experienced Waldorf teachers .
Teachers must also satisfy whatever state credential and licensing requirements might apply .
Rudolf Steiner , speaking in Oxford in 1922 , defined " three golden rules " for teachers : " to receive the child in gratitude from the world it comes from ; to educate the child with love ; and to lead the child into the true freedom which belongs to man . "
15 . Why do Waldorf students stay with ( ideally ) the same teacher for 8 years ?
Between the ages of seven and fourteen , children learn best through acceptance and emulation of authority , just as in their earlier years they learned through imitation .
In elementary school , particularly in the lower grades , the child is just beginning to expand his or her experience beyond home and family .
The class becomes a type of " family " as well , with its own authority figure - the teacher - in a role analogous to parent .
With this approach , the students and teachers come to know each other very well , and the teacher is able to find over the years the best ways of helping individual children in their schooling .
The class teacher also becomes like an additional family member for most of the families in his / her class .
It 's worth noting that this approach was the norm in the days of the " little red schoolhouse " .
16 . How are personality conflicts between students and teachers handled ?
This is a very common concern among parents when they first hear about the " Class Teacher " method .
However , in practice , the situation seems to arise very rarely , especially so when the teacher has been able to establish a relationship with the class right from the first grade .
Given the sort of person who is motivated to become a Waldorf teacher , incompatibility with a child is infrequent : understanding the child 's needs and temperament is central to the teacher 's role and training .
If problems of this sort should occur , the faculty as a whole would work with the teacher and the family to determine and undertake whatever corrective action would be in the best interests of the child and of the class .
17 . Are Waldorf schools religious ?
In the sense of subscribing to the beliefs of a particular religious denomination or sect , no .
Waldorf schools , however , tend to be spiritually oriented and are based out of a generally Christian perspective .
The historic festivals of Christianity , and of other major religions as well , are observed in the class rooms and in school assemblies .
Classes in religious doctrine are not part of the Waldorf curriculum , and children of all religious backgrounds attend Waldorf schools .
Spiritual guidance is aimed at awakening the child 's natural reverence for the wonder and beauty of life .
18 . How do Waldorf children fare when they transfer to " regular " schools ?
Is it true that once you start Waldorf schooling it is difficult to " make it " in public schools ?
Generally , transitions to public schools , when they are anticipated , are not problematical .
The most common transition is from an eight grade Waldorf school to a more traditional high school , and , from all reports , usually takes place without significant difficulties .
Transitions in the lower grades , particularly between the first and fourth grades , can potentially be more of a problem , because of the significant differences in the pacing of the various curriculums .
A second grader from a traditional school will be further ahead in reading in comparison with a Waldorf schooled second grader ; however , the Waldorf schooled child will be ahead in arithmetic .
19 .
What is anthroposophy ?
The term " anthroposophy " comes from the Greek " anthropos - sophia " or " human wisdom " .
Steiner expanded an exacting scientific method by which one could do research for her / himself into the spiritual worlds .
The investigation , known also as Spiritual Science is an obvious complement to the Natural Sciences we have come to accept .
Through study and practiced observation , one awakens to his / her own inner nature and the spiritual realities of outer nature and the cosmos .
The awareness of those relationships brings a greater reverence for all of life .
Steiner and many individuals since , who share his basic views , have applied this knowledge in various practical and cultural ways in communities around the world .
Most notably , Waldorf schools have made significant impact on the world .
Curative education , for mentally and emotionally handicapped adults and children , has established a deep understanding and work with people who have this difficult destiny .
Bio-dynamic farming and gardening greatly expand the range of techniques available to organic agriculture .
Anthroposophical medicine and pharmacy , although less widely known in the US , are subjects of growing interest .
It should be stressed that while anthroposophy forms the theoretical basis to the teaching methods used in Waldorf schools , it is not taught to the students .
Anthroposophy has its roots in the perceptions , already gained , into the spiritual world .
Yet these are no more than the roots .
The branches , leaves , blossoms , and fruits of Anthroposophy grow into all the fields of human life and action .
Rudolf Steiner
20 .
Where can one get more information on Anthroposophy on the Internet ?
The Anthroposophical Society in America is a good place to start .
Wikipedia has a good article on the subject .
RSArchive publishes many of the works online by Steiner as the founder of both Waldorf and anthroposophy ( books , lectures , articles and essays on anthroposophy ) .
For most of Steiner 's works on Waldorf education online , mostly lectures and discussions with teachers , see here .
AnthroMedia is one of the largest portals on the net on activities born out of or inspired by anthroposophy .
21 . How does Waldorf deal with kids that do n't get it academically ?
Waldorf schools hesitate to categorize children , particularly in terms such as " slow " or " gifted " .
A given child 's weaknesses in one area , whether cognitive , emotional or physical , will usually be balanced by strengths in another area .
It is the teacher 's job to try to bring the child 's whole being into balance .
A child having difficulty with the material might be given extra help by the teacher or by parents ; tutoring might also be arranged .
Correspondingly , a child who picked up the material quickly might be given harder problems of the same sort to work on , or might be asked to help a child who was having trouble .
22 . How well do Waldorf graduates do on standard tests ?
How well do Waldorf high school graduates do in college ?
To the best of our knowledge , no controlled studies have been done on these questions , but anecdotal evidence collected from various sources would seem to suggest that Waldorf graduates tend to score toward the high end on standardized examinations such as the Scholastic Aptitude Tests .
As far as higher education goes , Waldorf graduates have been accepted as students at , and have graduated from , some of the most prestigious colleges and universities in the United States .
23 .
What is eurythmy ?
Most simply put , eurythmy is a dance - like art form in which music or speech are expressed in bodily movement ; specific movements correspond to particular notes or sounds .
It has also been called " visible speech " or " visible song " .
Eurythmy is part of the curriculum of all Waldorf schools , and while it often puzzles parents new to Waldorf education , children respond to its simple rhythms and exercises which help them strengthen and harmonize their body and their life forces ; later , the older students work out elaborate eurythmic representations of poetry , drama and music , thereby gaining a deeper perception of the compositions and writings .
Eurythmy enhances coordination and strengthens the ability to listen .
When children experience themselves like an orchestra and have to keep a clear relationship in space with each other , a social strengthening also results .
Eurythmy is usually taught by a specialist who has been specifically trained in eurythmy , typically for at least four years .
In addition to pedagogical eurythmy , there are also therapeutic ( " curative " ) and performance oriented forms of the art .
24 . Is Waldorf education relevant to Special Needs children ?
The Anthroposophy - based Camphill Movement has a particular focus on special needs individuals .
The social , cultural , and economic principles of the International Camphill Movement were developed by Dr. Karl König ( 1902 - 1966 ) .
In Pennsylvania , for example , Camphill Soltane attempts , " to build healthy social relationships in an environment dedicated to personal and social renewal , healing , and caring for the land .
In these activities , both independence and interdependence are fostered by recognizing the full potential of each individual .
This enables each person to grow into the life of the community while allowing the community to grow within the individual " .
also known as tonsilloliths , is a condition where globs of mucous and other matter calcify in the back of the throat .
Because the tonsils contain many small crevices , they trap bacteria , dead cells and mucous .
Tonsil stones are created when this debris hardens .
The stones have a strong putrid smell and can be either white or yellow in color .
One of the most common symptoms of tonsilloliths is bad breath .
The individual may also experience a feeling of something being in the back of the throat .
Both ear pain and a sore throat can also accompany tonsil stones .
This condition is more common in people who suffer from tonsillitis on an ongoing basis .
In order to , you should take care of your mouth by rinsing with warm salt water on a daily basis .
If you have tonsil stones , gargling with salt water can also relieve discomfort and help to dislodge the stones .
No harm is caused by having tonsil stones , though they can be both annoying and uncomfortable .
If you have tonsil stones or think that you might , the best thing to do is contact your health care professional .
Some doctors treat tonsil stones with antibiotics , though this is reported to not be effective .
If you are diagnosed with tonsil stones , work with your doctor to find an effective means of treatment toand consider gargling with warm salt water .
Microsoft's Dean Hachamovitch , the general manager of Internet Explorer , says he has noticed " a lot of posting about video and video formats on the web recently , " and taken the opportunity to chip in with support for the H.264 codec .
He writes :
HTML5 will be very important in advancing rich , interactive web applications and site design .
The HTML5 specification describes video support without specifying a particular video format .
We think H.264 is an excellent format .
In its HTML5 support , IE9 will support playback of H.264 video only .
There 's nothing new about Microsoft supporting HTML5 , even though it 's not yet a standard .
There 's also nothing new about Microsoft supporting the heavily patent - encumbered H.264 .
Nonetheless , some people have taken the " only " bit rather badly , saying that IE9 should support the open source codec Ogg Theora .
Microsoft is supporting H.264 because YouTube -- which is owned by Google -- has adopted it , and because it's what Apple supports in the iPhone and iPad .
Microsoft is therefore doing what users want , but does it really have a choice ?
It does not have the market power to go against Apple and Google , even though it has a similar and perhaps better technology of its own .
VC - 1 , which is based on Windows Media Video , is just as much of a standard as H.264/AVC , and both are licensed by the MPEG LA .
( Yes , Microsoft is one of the rights holders and will profit via fees paid to the MPEG LA , but Apple 's self - interest in backing H.264 is even greater . )
By contrast , Microsoft does not need to support Ogg Theora in IE9 because it's not part of the HTML5 specification , though at one time that seemed likely .
Ogg Theora was , in fact , removed from HTML5 mainly on Apple 's insistence .
In July , when Ian Hickson announced that " I have therefore removed the two subsections in the HTML5 spec in which codecs would have been required " ( Ogg codecs dropped from HTML5 ) , he said " the current situation is as follows " :
Apple refuses to implement Ogg Theora in QuickTime by default ( as used by Safari ) , citing lack of hardware support and an uncertain patent landscape .
Google has implemented H.264 and Ogg Theora in Chrome , but cannot provide the H.264 codec license to third - party distributors of Chromium , and have indicated a belief that Ogg Theora 's quality - per - bit is not yet suitable for the volume handled by YouTube .
Opera refuses to implement H.264 , citing the obscene cost of the relevant patent licenses .
Mozilla refuses to implement H.264 , as they would not be able to obtain a license that covers their downstream distributors .
Microsoft has not commented on their intent to support video at all .
Hickson took the view that " Putting Ogg Theora in the spec does n't lead to Apple implementing it , it just leads to them ignoring that part of the spec " .
Finally , Hachamovitch appears to be contributing to the war against Adobe because IE9 wo n't support Flash … but IE8 did n't support Flash either .
Nor did IE7 , IE6 and so on .
Flash support has always been provided via an Adobe plug - in , and I can't see any reason why this would n't continue with IE9 .
Microsoft also plans to have a Flash plug - in in Windows Phone 7 , though it will not be included in the first release .
But that does n't mean Microsoft wants everyone to use Flash .
It is still developing its own system , Silverlight , which it claims is better than Flash for streaming media , and which fits in with Microsoft 's own development environment rather than Adobe's .
Microsoft wants to replace Flash by producing something better , not by blocking it through a dictatorial fiat .
That way , users and developers have a choice .
Update : Hachamovitch has responded to comments .
See story above : Microsoft follows up on HTML5 video and Flash in IE9
Stacy Bisker and her family of six did n’t spend a single dollar filling up the family ’s minivan in April .
How is that possible when her husband commutes four miles to and from work every day , and her 2- , 5 - , 8 - and 10 - year - olds have to be shuttled to school , doctors ’ appointments and other activities in Huntington , W.Va .?
The answer lies in Bisker ’s garage , where you will find seven bicycles , plus a new Yuba Mundo cargo bike that can carry up to 440 pounds .
Advertisement - Article continues below CALCULATOR : How Much Can You Save Bicycling to Work ?
Bisker , 32 , estimates that her family spent $ 200 to $ 250 per month on gas , for an annual total of about $ 3,000 , before going “ car- lite . ”
Now that they ride their bikes , take the bus , walk or carpool whenever possible , they only spend an average of $ 45 per month on fuel .
( Bisker footed the $ 1,700 bill for the cargo bike and accessories with accumulated savings on gas from riding the other bikes . )
The savings do n’t stop there .
After purchasing the Yuba , Bisker gave away the family ’s second car , which , along with the reduction in mileage on the minivan , dropped their monthly insurance premiums from about $ 115 to less than $ 40 .
They ’ve used those savings to pay off the loan on the minivan , which had been costing them about $ 3,900 a year .
Advertisement
Advertisement - Article continues below
“ For the first time ever , we ’re living within our means , ” says Bisker .
“ Going car - lite has really lightened the financial stress . ”
Advertisement - Article continues below Bisker is not alone .
The number of Americans who bike as their primary means of transportation to work has increased almost 40 percent in the past decade , with large metro areas such as Portland , San Francisco and Washington , D.C. , leading the way .
And in New York City , despite some pushback when Mayor Bloomberg recently started converting parking spaces to bike lanes , the bike commuter population has nearly quadrupled from 2001 to 2011 .
Smaller cities , such as Davis , Cal. , and Boulder , Colo. , boast bike commuting rates that are at least 20 times the national average of 0.5 percent .
In New Haven , Conn. , where her commute to her job at a local school is just two miles , Sara Armstrong , 42 , ca n’t justify the purchase of a second family car .
So Armstrong rides a cargo bike – with her 6 - year - old son in tow .
“ I ’m definitely not your typical cyclist , ” she jokes .
“ I ’m an overweight mother of three who happens to get around by bike . ”
Advertisement - Article continues below
For many urban commuters , biking can save both money and time .
Half of the working population in the U.S. commutes five miles or less to work , with bike trips of three to five miles taking less time or the same amount of time as commuting by car .
Part of the “ biking boom ” can be attributed to local and state governments ’ investments in programs that encourage nonmotorized forms of transportation .
For example , Washington state ( ranked as the most “ bike - friendly ” state by the League of American Bicyclists ) and its Commute Trip Reduction ( CTR )
Law has cut overall vehicle mileage by 154 million miles since 2007 .
Among other things , the law requires large employers in congested areas to create programs and incentives that encourage their workers to drive alone less often .
For every taxpayer dollar that goes into the program , businesses invest $ 18 .
Advertisement
Advertisement - Article continues below
Deborah Frost , 44 , of Bellingham , Wash . , for instance , bikes about 2.5 miles to and from her job at the Western Washington University .
She participates in the city ’s Smart Trips program , which rewards those who replace drive - alone trips with walking or cycling with discounts at local businesses and quarterly cash prizes .
Advertisement - Article continues below
The state is n’t the only Washington that has become more bike - friendly .
In 2000 , our nation ’s capital only had three miles of bike lanes , a number that has grown to more than 50 today .
During that same period , the percentage of people who bike to work has more than doubled , giving the District the fifth - largest share of bike commuters among the 70 largest U.S. cities , according to the latest census estimates .
“ How many people do you know who look forward to their daily commute ? ” asks Pete Beers , 47 , a software engineer from Falls Church , Va. , who bikes 14 miles to his job in D.C. every day .
“ I love mine . ” Cyclists with shorter commutes benefit from Capital Bikeshare , a bicycle sharing system started by the District and neighboring Arlington County ( Va. ) in September 2010 .
For $ 75 a year , members get a bike helmet ( $ 16 extra ) and can ride any of the more than 1,500 bikes located at more than 150 docking stations across the region , for 30 minutes at a time .
( Longer trips cost extra -- $ 1.50 for the next 30 minutes , $ 3 for another 30 minutes . )
“ It ’s helped make biking in D.C. less of a fringe activity , ” says Greg Billing , outreach and advocacy coordinator of the Washington Area Bicyclist Association .
“ Now I see people riding in their suits and heels . ”
Advertisement - Article continues below
Advertisement
Advertisement - Article continues below
Similar programs exist in Boston , Denver and Miami .
New York City , Chicago and San Francisco are expected to launch their own versions soon .
“ Bikeshare is engaging populations that would not have been cyclists before , ” says Carolyn Szczepanski , director of communications for the League of American Bicyclists .
At the federal level , commuters got another incentive in 2009 to trade four wheels for two – tax - free reimbursement for up to $ 20 per month in qualifying bike transportation costs ( such as accessories , replacement parts and maintenance ) .
To qualify for the benefit , employees must ride their bicycles for a substantial portion of their commute at least three days a week .
The money is added to your income or distributed as a separate check , and you do n’t have to pay federal or state taxes on it .
CALCULATOR : How Much Can You Save Bicycling to Work ?
Gear for Bike Commuters
Riding your bike to and from work may require additional accessories not necessary for more leisurely rides in your neighborhood on the weekend .
Consider : * A helmet ( $ 30 - $ 60 ) to keep you safe .
Some states ( and common sense ) mandate helmets .
It ’s an especially important safeguard when riding in congested rush - hour traffic .
* Lights ( $ 35 ) to make sure you will always be seen , even if it ’s early in the morning or late at night .
Get a white LED light to attach to the front of your bike , and a red , blinking light to attach to your seat post or helmet .
* A rack or panniers ( $ 40 - $ 80 ) , either of which can attach to the back of your bike to carry files , a change of clothes or other personal items to and from the office . * A lock ( $ 15 to $ 30 ) for your ride ’s safekeeping .
Thieves can easily cut through a coil or chain lock , so we recommend buying a steel U - lock .
Teaser trailer for Piranha 3D .
From director Alexandre Aja comes the new action thriller Piranha 3D .
Every year the population of sleepy Lake Victoria explodes from 5,000 to 50,000 for Spring Break ; a riot of sun and drunken fun .
But this year , there 's something more to worry about than hangovers and complaints from local old timers ; A new type of terror is about to be cut loose on Lake Victoria .
After a sudden underwater tremor sets free scores of the prehistoric man-eating fish , an unlikely group of strangers must band together to stop themselves from becoming fish food for the area 's new razor - toothed residents .
Peter Trigger is banned from wearing a skirt or showing bare legs A man banned from wearing skirts or showing bare legs on school days has been found guilty of breaching an Asbo .
Peter Trigger , 60 , from Farndon Close , Northampton , was given an anti-social behaviour order in December 2008 .
He is forbidden from behaving in a manner which causes or is likely to cause harassment , alarm or distress .
Northampton Magistrates '
Court found him guilty of harassing his neighbours but declined to activate a suspended prison sentence he also faced .
Trigger had been banned from wearing a skirt or showing bare legs on a school day between 0830 and 1000 and 1445 and 1600 GMT or BST , the court was told .
Magistrates found him guilty of breaching the Asbo by deliberately bending over in front of his neighbours early in the morning on 16 December last year , causing them harassment , alarm and distress .
You have the human right to dress as you wish but your actions must not cause harassment , alarm or distress
Chris Musson , bench chairman Trigger was given the Asbo , which runs until 2013 , in December 2008 after parents complained he was waiting near a primary school in the town dressed in clothes similar to school uniform .
He also has a 12 - week suspended prison sentence for exposure imposed last year .
Chairman of the bench Chris Musson said : " Your action in standing in front of the van and bending over two or three times was deliberate .
" Mr and Mrs Copping were upset .
You have the human right to dress as you wish but your actions must not cause harassment , alarm or distress . "
Parents complained to police about how Peter Trigger dressed
She said they would not activate the 12 - week suspended sentence .
" We feel it would be unjust because this breach itself would not warrant a prison sentence and you are the carer for your aged mother . "
Trigger has to attend sex offenders ' group work and is on the sex offenders register for seven years .
He also is under supervision for 24 months and must observe a 12 - week curfew from 0700 to 0900 GMT .
Trigger was also fined £ 100 and ordered to pay £ 300 court costs and a £ 15 to his victims .
Jerena Tomaszewska , prosecuting , said Trigger was seen outside his house at 0725 GMT on 16 December by neighbours Philip and Mary Copping .
" He stood by the witness 's van with his back to it .
He bent down and was appearing to be doing something with his laces .
" He repeatedly bent down until Mr and Mrs Copping drove off . "
Trigger told police he was bending down to collect debris from a wall which had collapsed between his house and the one next door .
Ms Mason told him : " We are not going to send you to prison today and you are quite fortunate in that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Amid a crippling state fiscal crisis , managers throughout California 's government have routinely allowed their employees to amass vast amounts of unused vacation time , enabling hundreds of workers to end their public - service careers with payouts topping $ 100,000 , a California Watch investigation has found .
One worker combined vacation and compensatory time to walk away with more than $ 800,000 , records show .
In the past four years , almost 500 government workers earned six - figure paychecks mostly for unused vacation .
In total , the state spent $ 486 million between 2006 and mid-2009 to pay more than 52,000 employees for time - off benefits - which includes a small percentage of unused comp time and holidays that were n't taken .
That 's enough state money to pay the salaries of more than 7,000 public schoolteachers , based on the state average teacher salary .
Many of those cash payments appeared to violate rules designed to limit how much vacation time state workers can accumulate during their careers .
Most employees are allowed to bank 80 days ' worth of unused vacation , but records show that supervisors routinely allow them to exceed that amount .
The problem is growing , state payroll officials said .
Personnel documents estimate that as of December 2008 , more than 14,000 active state employees - about 6 percent of the state 's workers - had exceeded their vacation caps .
In one case , James C. Tudor Jr. , the former president of the State Compensation Insurance Fund , cashed out six times more vacation time than regulations allow , taking home more than $ 550,000 after he was fired in 2007 during an internal probe into mismanagement and fraud .
Another state employee was allowed to accumulate large amounts of comp time in addition to unused vacation days , taking home $ 815,000 when he left state service .
The payout for Kim Nguyen , a former doctor at the prison substance abuse center in Corcoran ( Kings County ) , includes more than twice the allowable amount of vacation time and nearly 10 times the limit of comp time for physicians , records show .
Heavy workload blamed
In an interview , Nguyen said a heavy workload kept him from using his vacation , and his supervisors paid him for extra shifts in comp time instead of overtime , leaving him few options .
" They never hired enough doctors , " he said .
" I never complained , so they thought we could handle it .
...
They kept asking us to work more . "
These large payouts were made during a tumultuous time for the state budget , when lawmakers trimmed programs for child welfare , elder care , domestic violence and other state services to help eliminate multibillion - dollar budget gaps .
This year , lawmakers are scrambling to make even more cuts in the face of a $ 20 billion shortfall .
At the same time , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has instituted mandatory furlough days that most state workers must use before their vacation days .
The result , according to officials in several large departments , is that workers are banking more time off than ever , offsetting short - term savings with long - term liabilities .
Although some departments argue that their employees must work long and unpredictable hours , critics say the payments highlight a system defined by lax management and generous benefits unavailable to most workers in the private sector .
" This is part of the whole milieu of excess compensation packages in the public sector , " said Jon Coupal , president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association .
Most state employees build up vacation and annual leave at a rate of seven to 20 hours a month , depending on the type of leave , bargaining unit and years of service .
State regulations cap the amount of vacation time most employees can accrue at a maximum of 80 work days , or 640 hours .
Some employees collect " annual leave time , " which includes vacation and sick days that are subject to the same limits .
The cap is higher than at least three other large states - New York , Florida and Texas , none of which allows employees to cash out more hours than California .
It also dwarfs caps at some of the state 's largest private employers , including Oracle , Western Digital and Nestle USA , according to records and interviews .
If a state employee goes over the limit , " there must be a plan " to reduce the balance before the next year , according to the state employee handbook .
Managers are supposed to ensure that their employees stay under the cap except under " extenuating circumstances , " which gives managers broad latitude to grant exceptions .
When they cash out vacation time , state workers are effectively getting paid twice - once for the days they worked when they could have been on vacation , and again when they retire .
Employees are paid their cashed - out vacation at the salaries they received when they left the state , which means payments often get more expensive over time .
Public records and interviews with department managers suggest the state probably paid at least $ 100 million over the allowable limits , more than one - fourth of the $ 486 million in total leave payments , to state employees who exceeded the 640 - hour ceiling between 2006 and mid-2009 , the period examined by California Watch .
More managers exceed cap
The Department of Personnel Administration , which manages workplace issues for the state 's 237,000 employees , proposed cracking down on the vacation - payout cap during contract talks in 2005 but abandoned the idea in favor of other concessions , said Julie Chapman , the agency 's chief deputy director .
During negotiations , union representatives pointed fingers at managers , who were exceeding the cap more often than rank - and - file workers , Chapman said .
State documents estimate that almost 20 percent of nonunion workers , who are typically managers , had surpassed their caps as of late - 2008 , compared with about 4 percent of union employees .
But when the department proposed a similar crackdown among management , organizations such as the Association of California State Supervisors pushed back , Chapman said , leaving enforcement of the vacation cap off the bargaining table .
It has n't been brought up since .
Challenge for agencies
Many departments - particularly public - safety agencies - argue that the unique and unpredictable nature of their work demands that employees take less vacation time than they earn , leaving them to accumulate large totals .
California Highway Patrol officers might be forced to cancel their vacations during emergencies , for example , or department managers might be understaffed and overworked , allowing vacations only in short spurts .
In other situations , asking an employee to work extra time and bank vacation could cost a department less money than paying another worker overtime to cover this shift , some managers argued .
Public - safety agencies are not the only ones whose employees exceed the cap .
Departments including Caltrans and the attorney general 's office also are among those whose employees have taken home more than $ 100,000 upon leaving state service .
Even smaller departments such as the governor 's office and the Air Resources Board reported spending more than $ 1 million on cash - outs between 2006 and 2009 .
When employees retire , department officials said they typically cover the cost of their unused vacation and leave time by finding money within their budgets .
Often , that means delaying the hiring of a replacement , which can lead to work being stalled .
When he was the director of the now - defunct California Electricity Oversight Board , Erik Saltmarsh said state rules would not allow him to take long vacations because no subordinate at the agency was ranked high enough to legally fill in on his behalf .
" It got to a point where I literally had to appoint an acting executive director and have that approved for me to go on extended vacation , " said Saltmarsh , who records show received a lump - sum payment of $ 162,000 when he left state service after 16 years in 2008 .
" So I ended up taking vacation one or two days at a time . "
For other state workers , the payouts can mean financial security and a reward for decades of hard work .
With the security of a pension , health care and a $ 221,000 check for unused leave , former Highway Patrol Sgt. Michael Teixeira is now running for sheriff of San Luis Obispo County .
The 36 - year veteran has promised to donate 20 percent of his salary to gang diversion programs if he is elected .
Largest payout : $ 815,000
Of the more than 52,000 employees who left state service with a check for unused leave , nobody left with more money than Nguyen , the doctor at the state 's substance abuse center at Corcoran prison .
When he retired in 2008 , Nguyen left with two checks totaling more than $ 815,000 .
Nguyen 's case is unusual because he accumulated so much comp time in addition to vacation days .
Vacation time constituted the majority of the payouts made by most state departments .
A series of raises given to prison physicians nearly doubled his salary over two years , Nguyen said .
" That almost doubled the value of my vacation time , " he said .
Luis Patino , a spokesman for the federal receiver that took control of California 's prison health care in 2008 , said the center has had problems recruiting and retaining employees , which has caused doctors to work an extraordinary number of extra shifts .
The current receiver , J. Clark Kelso , was not in place during Nguyen 's tenure .
Could n't take overtime
Nguyen built up the time , according to prison health officials , by working regular on - call shifts and banking the time as comp because the prison did not allow overtime .
The accruals were approved by three chief medical officers during Nguyen 's 10 years with the state : Rene Iway , Edgar Castillo and Perlita McGuinness , according to the receiver 's office .
Although Tudor , the fired State Fund president , took home slightly less - $ 550,000 - nearly all of his payment was for unused vacation time .
Fund spokeswoman Jennifer Vargen said Tudor , whose salary was $ 273,000 , cashed out 488 days of unused annual leave time , compared with 38 days of holidays and personal leave .
" He certainly had a reputation for working around the clock , " said Vargen , who also argued that because the agency is funded through employer premiums , taxpayers did not fund Tudor 's payment directly .
Audits find abuses
Although department managers and former employees argue that long hours and hard work cause most of the overages , state audit reports are filled with stories of lax management and employees who have abused the system .
In a 2008 report by the California state auditor , investigators described a California Department of Justice manager who allowed four subordinates to informally take , but not record , 727 hours of comp time in 2006 .
The manager " did not verify whether his employees ' time reporting was accurate because he trusted his employees to track their own time , " the report says .
A 2006 inspector general 's report for the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said antiquated accounting systems made it impossible to verify whether one employee had indeed banked the 2,376 hours of leave he collected - totaling $ 116,000 if cashed out .
' Going to have to pay us '
The same employee claimed to have taken no vacation or sick days for more than six years and to have worked every holiday during that period .
Departments have not yet studied the impact of Schwarzenegger 's furloughs on banked leave , but a state Senate investigation last fall estimated that corrections workers have banked at least five times more vacation than usual since furloughs began .
" The vacation time that we have is basically growing and growing and growing , and we feel that 's going to hold the state liable to pay us down the road , " Juan Nolasco , a psychiatric technician at Coalinga State Hospital , told Senate investigators .
" They 're going to have to pay us . "
Andrew Gerrand
27 May 2010
Among the high - profile product launches at Google I/ O last week , our small team gave presentations to packed rooms and met many present and future Go programmers .
It was especially gratifying to meet with so many people who , after learning a bit about Go , were excited by the potential benefits ( both immediate and long - term ) they could gain from using it .
We were asked a lot of good questions during I/O , and in this post I 'd like to recap and expand upon some of them .
How suitable is Go for production systems ?
Go is ready and stable now .
We are pleased to report that Google is using
Go for some production systems , and they are performing well .
Of course there is still room for improvement - that 's why we 're continuing to work on the language , libraries , tools , and runtime .
Do you have plans to implement generics ?
Many proposals for generics - like features have been mooted both publicly and internally , but as yet we have n't found a proposal that is consistent with the rest of the language .
We think that one of Go's key strengths is its simplicity , so we are wary of introducing new features that might make the language more difficult to understand .
Additionally , the more
Go code we write ( and thus the better we learn how to write Go code ourselves ) , the less we feel the need for such a language feature .
Do you have any plans to support GPU programming ?
We do n't have any immediate plans to do this , but as Go is architecture - agnostic it 's quite possible .
The ability to launch a goroutine that runs on a different processor architecture , and to use channels to communicate between goroutines running on separate architectures , seem like good ideas .
Are there plans to support Go under App Engine ?
Both the Go and App Engine teams would like to see this happen .
As always , it is a question of resources and priorities as to if and when it will become a reality .
Are there plans to support Go under Android ?
Both
Go compilers support ARM code generation , so it is possible .
While we think
Go would be a great language for writing mobile applications , Android support is not something that 's being actively worked on .
What can I use Go for ?
Go was designed with systems programming in mind .
Servers , clients , databases , caches , balancers , distributors - these are applications
Go is obviously useful for , and this is how we have begun to use it within Google .
However , since
Go's open - source release , the community has found a diverse range of applications for the language .
From web apps to games to graphics tools ,
Go promises to shine as a general - purpose programming language .
The potential is only limited by library support , which is improving at a tremendous rate .
Additionally , educators have expressed interest in using
Go to teach programming , citing its succinct syntax and consistency as well - suited to the task .
Thanks to everyone who attended our presentations , or came to talk with us at Office Hours .
We hope to see you again at future events .
The video of Rob and Russ ' talk will be uploaded to YouTube within the next week , and will then be posted on this blog .
Floyd Landis was helping out at the OUCH - Bahati Foundation VIP tent in California .
( Image credit : Jonathan Devich/epicimages.us )
Floyd Landis was in Los Angeles for the time trial stage of the Amgen Tour of California on Saturday , making his first public appearance since he confessed to doping and accused many of his former teammates .
Landis was a guest at the VIP tent paid for by sponsor and close friend Dr Brent Kay .
He arrived late into the time trial and was protected by four security guards wearing bulletproof vests , who tried to block media taking photographs of Landis .
He refused to speak to the media .
According to the Associated Press , a member of the public shouted : " Floyd , you suck , " but Landis seemed relaxed and relieved to have finally spoken out .
He spent most of his time talking to guests in the OUCH tent and showed little interest in the race , although he did turn to watch some of the riders he had accused as they rode the final lap of the course .
A few minutes after the time trial finished , Landis slipped out of the back of the OUCH VIP tent .
He again refused to answer questions and was driven away .
Some of the people Landis has accused of doping and used to be close friends were surprised to hear he was in Los Angeles .
“ He ’s here , really ? ” Zabriskie told the New York Times after he finished third in the time trial .
“ Tell him I said hi .
How ’s he doing ? ”
After finishing fourth in the time trial , Levi Leipheimer spoke about Landis ' accusation for the first time to the Los Angeles Times .
" This is n't new to us , " he said .
" We knew something was coming .
To be honest , I 'm not worried about it .
And , no , I have nothing to say . "
Jim Ochowicz , the Team BMC Racing president told the New York Times , “ Everybody ’s free to do whatever they want ; it ’s a free country .
I have n’t had contact with Floyd in a long time .
I feel sorry for him . ”
Ochowicz refused to say if he had been contacted by anti-doping officials or FDA agents but told the New York Times that “ Anybody would be nervous about something like that . ”
In an article written in the Sunday Times newspaper , David Walsh reiterated claims already made by the Wall Street Journal , that special agent Jeff Novitzky is investigating the case .
Walsh also writes that Landis and Armstrong 's ex-wife Kristin are understood to be co-operating .
Stapleton calls on people to look to the future , not the past
Landis ' presence at the Amgen Tour of California somewhat overshadowed the actual racing .
Tony Martin's stage victory and Michael Rogers ' defense of the overall race lead made it a great day for HTC - Columbia , yet most media reports focused on Landis .
HTC - Columbia team owner Bob Stapleton offered support to Landis but called on people to look forward and move on from the past .
" I have tons of sympathy for Floyd , " Stapleton told ESPN .
" I do n't think anybody has suffered more who 's been involved in a situation like this .
It 's destroyed his entire life .
He has my sympathy , but I do n't want him to take the focus off the good work that 's been done in this sport and by these young athletes . "
" He 's increased the audience , but he 's ruined the message .
The message is this sport is part of a healthy lifestyle for 160 million people in the U.S. and Europe alone .
He 's talking about the history of the sport , but this sport has a good future and it's in the Tony Martins and the Mark Cavendishs and the Tyler Farrars , the guys who are growing up in a different generation of the sport .
This sport has made remarkable , objective progress since Floyd Landis . "
Lemond forgives Landis
Greg Lemond has also offered further support to Landis , confirming that Landis called him on Friday to apologise for the incident in 2007 , when he received an anonymous phone call threatening to reveal that Lemond had been sexually molested as a child .
Lemond revealed the threat while giving evidence at Landis ' USADA hearing and the call was traced to Landis ' manager at the time , Will Geoghegan .
Lemond told ESPN , " I did have a conversation with Floyd and he did apologize for his treatment of me before and after the 2007 hearings . "
" I accepted his apology , but that is n't really what 's important .
Sincere apologies are for those that make them , not for those to whom they are made .
I hope that as a result Floyd can begin rebuilding his life . "
( AP ) --
One hour of moderate to vigorous exercise a day can help teens beat the effects of a common obesity - related gene with the nickname " fatso , " according to a new European study .
The message for adolescents is to get moving , said lead author Jonatan Ruiz of the Karolinska Institute in Sweden .
" Be active in your way , " Ruiz said .
" Activities such as playing sports are just fine and enough . "
The study , released Monday , appears in the April edition of Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine .
The research supports U.S. guidelines that tell children and teenagers to get an hour or more of physical activity daily , most of it aerobic activity such as running , jumping rope , swimming , dancing and bicycling .
Scientists are finding evidence that both lifestyle and genes cause obesity and they 're just learning how much diet and exercise can offset the inherited risk .
One gene involved with obesity , the FTO gene , packs on the pounds when it shows up in a variant form .
Adults who carry two copies of the gene variant - about 1 in 6 people - weigh on average 7 pounds more than people who do n't .
In the new study , 752 teenagers , who had their blood tested for the gene variant , wore monitoring devices for a week during waking hours to measure their physical activity .
Exercising an hour or more daily made a big difference for the teens who were genetically predisposed to obesity .
Their waist measurements , body mass index scores and body fat were the same , on average , as the other teenagers with regular genes .
But the teens with the gene variant had more body fat , bigger waists and higher BMI if they got less than an hour of exercise daily .
The results were similar for boys and girls .
The teens lived in Greece , Germany , Belgium , France , Hungary , Italy , Sweden , Austria and Spain .
The study was funded by the Spanish and Swedish governments and the European Union .
The new study found that most of the teenagers had at least one copy of the variant gene .
Only 37 percent had regular genes .
The rest had either one of two copies of the pesky fatso gene .
An earlier study in Amish adults in Lancaster County , Pa. , found they needed three to four hours of moderate activity daily to beat the gene .
The adults in that study did things like brisk walking , housecleaning and gardening .
The teens in the new study may have exercised more vigorously than the Amish adults , Ruiz said .
The new analysis was designed to see whether the current U.S. guidelines - which specify a moderate to vigorous level of exercise for an hour a day - made a difference for kids .
The lead author of the Amish study , Evadnie Rampersaud of the University of Miami , said the new findings are " very interesting " because they suggest one hour daily spent exercising can be enough for teenagers at risk .
University of Miami researchers now are studying adults in an employee wellness program to see what it takes for them to overcome the fatso gene , Rampersaud said .
" The message is clear : genes are not destiny , " said Dr. Alan Shuldiner of the University of Maryland , a co-author of the Amish study .
" Those with obesity susceptibility genes should be especially motivated to engage in a physically active lifestyle . "
Explore further Less than 3 percent of UK 11 - year - olds take enough exercise
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
NEW YORK / SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - Paulson &
Co , the hedge fund linked to civil fraud charges against Goldman Sachs Group Inc , moved to head off investor concerns about its role in a deal that has scarred the reputation of the Wall Street bank and overshadowed blow - out quarterly earnings .
The new Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. headquarters also known by its address as 200 West Street is seen in New York 's lower Manhattan , April 7 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid / Files
Goldman is accused of defrauding investors by failing to say that prominent hedge fund manager John Paulson bet against a Goldman subprime debt product that he helped design .
Goldman is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and Britain ’s market watchdog , which launched its own probe on Tuesday .
Its shares are down 13 percent since the SEC laid its charges , and closed 2 percent lower on Tuesday despite thumping quarterly earnings expectations .
Goldman ’s troubles also caused political reverberations .
A top Republican congressman questioned whether politics affected the timing of the government ’s case , while in Britain , the Liberal Democrat party ’s leader said Goldman should be banned from UK government contracts until the case is settled .
Paulson , in a conference call on Monday and followed up with a letter to investors late on Tuesday , says neither he nor anyone else at the firm had received a so - called Wells notice indicating that charges might be filed against the fund , several investors who listened to the call said .
No one had yet notified the $ 32 billion fund of their intentions to pull money out , they said .
“ We are interested in buying out people who want to get out of Paulson , but so far no one has stepped forward , ” one of the investors , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter , said late on Tuesday .
A spokesman at Paulson & Co , which earned $ 15 billion by correctly betting in 2007 that the U.S. housing market would collapse , declined to comment .
POLITICAL VILLAIN
Experts said the case and the response showed Goldman ’s traditional strategy of keeping media and critics at bay behind a wall of silence was no longer valid .
“ They ca n’t play that game anymore , ” said Michael Robinson , a financial and crisis public relations consultant with Levick Strategic Communications .
“ The world has changed too much . ”
Marc Faber , author of the Gloom , Boom and Doom report , described the lawsuit against Goldman Sachs as a hunt for scapegoats amid economic problems faced by the United States .
“ The target now is Goldman Sachs .
You distract the masses with a villain , ” Faber said in Singapore .
Goldman ’s leading role on Wall Street , coupled with massive paychecks to staff and bumper profits , make it an obvious target .
Goldman said its first - quarter net income nearly doubled to $ 3.29 billion , bolstered by strength in fixed income trading and principal investments .
The earnings of $ 5.59 a share easily topped analysts ’ forecasts , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/ E/S .
The bank reported its lowest - ever first - quarter compensation ratio , but still set aside $ 5.5 billion for compensation and benefits in the period .
The reduction in money set aside served to bolster earnings that could bring more public scrutiny to the 141 - year old bank , last year described by Rolling Stone magazine as a “ giant vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity ” .
The bank ’s co-general counsel , Greg Palm , rebutted the SEC charges during the bank ’s earnings conference call .
Palm said the firm was “ very disappointed ” that the SEC brought charges and said Goldman “ would never mislead anyone . ”
To lead their defence against the charges , Goldman has brought in Richard Klapper , a lawyer with an impressive record of courtroom victories for some of the biggest financial firms and a reputation as a fearsome litigator .
‘ RECKLESSNESS AND GREED ’
Goldman ’s forecast - beating earnings came as Britain ’s Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) said it started a formal investigation into Goldman Sachs International in relation to the SEC allegations .
The FSA said it would work closely with its U.S. counterpart .
Nick Clegg , leader of the Liberal Democrats , the UK ’s third - largest party , said the allegations against Goldman “ are a reminder , if we needed one , of the recklessness and greed that disfigured the banking industry as a whole . ”
Rival institutions in Asia were seizing the chance to try and elbow in front of Goldman on major upcoming deals , sources familiar with the matter told Reuters .
Investment bankers have been lobbying executives at state - owned Agricultural Bank of China [ ABC.UL ] and pushing officials in Beijing to drop Goldman as an underwriter for the bank ’s more than $ 20 billion IPO .
Rivals are also asking officials at state - controlled Bank of Communications to ditch Goldman from its joint global coordinator role in the Chinese bank ’s $ 6.1 billion rights issue , the sources said , though there was no evidence either bank was considering pushing Goldman aside .
( Additional reporting by Steve Eder and Paritosh Bansal in NEW YORK , Dan Margolies in WASHINGTON ; George Chen and Fiona Lau in HONG KONG and Steve Slater in LONDON ; Writing by Christian Plumb and Lincoln Feast ; Editing by Ian Geoghegan )
WordPress is a great platform for people who are just starting out with RSS .
Automatically - generated feeds take the guesswork out of picking and choosing content , as well as coding clean XML .
However , many websites have need of much more detailed feeds than what WordPress provides .
For example , central banks worldwide have adopted an RSS standard known as RSS - CB , used for displaying a variety of specific information like exchange rates , speeches and news .
A lot of additional fields are required to meet the RSS - CB specifications .
Enter custom RSS templates .
By coding an RSS template from scratch , it ’s entirely up to the developer which fields to use and what information to populate them with .
Custom templates also allow a website to have different types of feeds for the same content , e.g. both RSS 2.0 and RSS - CB for press releases .
The More Fields plug - in is an asset here , as custom metadata can be pulled in either to populate additional fields like RSS - CB ’s < cb:venue > , or to simply include in the < description > section of an RSS 2.0 feed .
The starting point for creating these feeds was a very brief tutorial we found in a Google search : Custom RSS feeds in WordPress .
Skipping the FeedBurner part , we created a general RSS page template , stuck it on a page and voila !
RSS displayed exactly the way we wanted it .
It would have been cumbersome to create individual pages for all the different types of content on the website , so a redirect rule was added to the .htaccess file to reroute all / feed / URLs to one central RSS hub :
RewriteRule (.*) feed /( rss2|rss-cb )
{0,1}/{0,1}$ bc-rss/?f=$ 1&t=$ 2 [ R=301,L ]
This rule handles feeds for authors , tags and most importantly categories , taking the information type , slug and RSS type ( rss2 or rss- cb are specified here ) from the URL and flipping them around into usable GET parameters .
Using these parameters , a WordPress post query can be built fairly simply to return all the necessary data to populate any given RSS schema , all in one template .
That can get a little crowded though .
Enter the Carrington theme .
Carrington automates the selection of customized templates based on categories .
Using Carrington is n’t necessary to get custom RSS running smoothly – you can always have multiple WordPress pages for multiple RSS templates – but if you are looking for a new theme or already using Carrington , take advantage of it .
By creating a custom loop for each type of RSS , we were able to use Carrington ’s built - in functionality to select a highly customized RSS template based on both RSS type and category .
Now we can display all of our regular content in appropriate RSS 2.0 feeds , as well as central bank crawler content in valid RSS - CB feeds .
Adding new feeds is easy as creating a new template file .
Dallas Braden still wants a piece of Alex Rodriguez .
The Oakland Athletics starter , who got into it with Rodriguez after A - Rod ran across the mound following an out in the April 22 game in Oakland , said he may want to throw fists the next time .
The Yankees next face the Athletics July 5 - 7 , again in Oakland .
" There are things that are going to have to happen , " Braden told CSN Bay Area on Wednesday .
" Out of respect to my teammates , out of respect to the game .
I think he 's probably garnered a new respect for the unwritten rules and the people who hold them close to their game .
But I think you 're right , we do n't do much talking in the 209 . "
The 209 is a reference to Stockton , Calif. , where Braden is from and attended high school .
Rodriguez , speaking before Friday night 's game at Boston , tried to avoid extending the controversy , but he could n't shy away from taking a slight shot after being asked by a reporter if he thought Braden would throw at him when the teams meet in July .
" I think Major League Baseball reads the same articles as we do , " Rodriguez said .
" Now , look , I really do n't want to extend his extra 15 minutes of fame . "
Otherwise , Rodriguez tried to stay clear of going back and forth .
" Look , it is tempting to sit back here and go back and forth with the media for the next three months , but I 'm not going to do that , " said Rodriguez , who reiterated some form of that answer over the less - than - five - minute interview session .
Braden said he was particularly peeved that Rodriguez had initially dismissed his actions and words merely because Braden has n't done much as a major leaguer yet .
" There 's two ways that I can comment on that , and I 'll give you both of them , " Braden said to CSN Bay Area .
" One , I was always told if you give a fool enough rope , he 'll hang himself , and with those comments , he had all the rope he needed .
No. 2 , I did n't know there was a criteria in order to compete against A - Rod . "
Rodriguez also is a selfish player , Braden added .
" He 's an individualistic player , " Braden told CSN Bay Area .
" He plays for the name on the back of the jersey , not the front .
I do n't know if he 's noticed , but he does n't have a name on the back over there so he should play for the name on the front . "
There was never a clear - cut decision on whether Rodriguez actually violated any unwritten rule of baseball , and a day after the game , A - Rod still did n't see the issue .
" I was tired , " he said .
" It 's really not that big of a deal .
I 've done that maybe a few dozen times .
It 's the shortest route .
As I said yesterday , I thought it was pretty funny . "
Braden certainly did n't .
He shouted at Rodriguez after the inning ended , then continued his rant postgame , saying how disappointed he was with the Yankees slugger .
Andrew Marchand covers baseball for ESPNNewYork.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Topics coucounetlabel , coucou , 8 bit , micromusic , chiptune , netlabel , fantomenk , micro , music , release , creative , commons , license , share , free , download
COUCOU 010 - FANTOMENK -
The massacre
An irresistible force lives between Fantomenk 's melodies and rhythms .
Energy and freshness are the keywords of this work by
the swedish artist .
You will listen to his tracks one after another , without stop moving your head and you feet .
Let 's call people , it 's time to party .
27 MAY 2010 - Released by COUCOU Netlabel
under Creative Commons License
more info at :
http://www.myspace.com/coucounetlabel
http://coucounetlabel.blogspot.com
1 - 01 CPU Mood 2 - 02 Dischipo 3 - 03
The massacre 4 - 04 Tiny Tunes 5 - 05 Jump up and bounce down 6 - 06 The sprites and you
It 's hard to deny women are underrepresented in tech fields , though no one seems to be able to agree why that is .
Is it nurture or nature ?
Ubuntu Women are pretty sure it's a matter of nurture .
While boys are bombarded with advertising and images that show them playing all manners of computer and video games , girls are blasted with pretty pink princesses and ponies .
( Do n't believe me ?
Go into any toy store and check out the awesome toys in the boys section and then the girls ' section , which is basically coated in a hue of Pepto - Bismol pink . )
So for World Play Day , Ubuntu Women is challenging Linux users to take candid photos of their daughters using computers .
It hurts us all to have this subconscious of pigeonholing of our children , and to help counter this for Ubuntu ’s community , we would love to have a collection of examples of young girls ( toddlers through to 12 years old ) playing with — and loving , and being encouraged to pursue — Ubuntu .
This would allow parents of girls to demonstrate that it really is ok to be intrigued by the shiny screens , blinking lights , tappity - tap of keyboards , and faint whirs of computer fans .
Two winners will be selected - one randomly drawn and one to " the photo that the community feels sells the ' girls love computers ' line the best . "
Winners will be announced May 28 ; full details are listed on The Fridge .
Ubuntu Women , as studies have shown women in open source development are even more underrepresented than in other tech fields .
It 's especially appropriate from
If women are going to change the future , they have to change the now .
And this contest actually makes sense .
It 's not asking for what many sneer at as a form of affirmative action , for girls .
It 's asking the parents of these little girls to provide photographic proof for other little girls — and for these girls themselves , maybe , five years down the road — that computers are cool .
Computers are fun .
They do n't even have to be pink .
We hope you and your loved ones are safe and well !
After many weeks of monitoring the evolving situation around COVID - 19 , it is with great regret that we are officially cancelling all Zingerman ’sCamp Bacon events for 2020 .
While it is not the outcome we wanted , the safety of our attendees , participants , and staff is our number one priority .
We understand that this will come as a disappointment to those who had planned to attend or support Camp Bacon .
However , we want to make sure we are doing the responsible thing in supporting the health of our communities .
We would love to invite all of youto join us next year !
Once we have a date for Zingerman ’s Camp Bacon 2021 , we will announce it on Facebook and our website .
We have contacted all ticket holders and sponsors about refunds , but if you have questions please email the Camp Bacon Director at baconbits@zingermans.com
In the meantime , we ’ll imagine you all safe at home , frying up more of the good stuff .
Until we meet ( and eat bacon ) again ,
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Rush Limbaugh blamed the volcanic eruption in Iceland on the passage of health care reform in the United States .
While talking about Obama ’s claims that health care reform has not brought about Armageddon , Limbaugh said , “ I think the Earth may have opened up .
God may have replied . ”
God is punishing Europe for the health care bill in America .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ You know a couple of days after the health care bill was signed Obama was walking around saying hey you know I am looking around the Earth has n’t opened up , no Armageddon out there the birds are still chirping .
I think the Earth may have opened up .
God may have replied .
This volcano in Iceland has grounded more airplanes .
Air space has been more affected than even after 9/11 because of this plume , because of this ash cloud . ”
Rush Limbaugh has now thrown any bit on sanity that he had left out of the window .
Let ’s play along here for a second and ask ourselves , if God really was angry about the passage of health care reform , probably because there is a man power shortage in heaven , why would he punish the more socialistic countries in Europe for the passage of a watered down health care bill that contains no nationalization , in the United States ?
You would think that if God had enough to even care about domestic policy in the United States , and he was really mad , he might , oh , I do n’t know , punish the United States and not Europe .
This is all part of Limbaugh ’s rampant Obama paranoia .
He is now blaming Barack Obama ’s policies for natural disasters on other continents .
What ’s next Obama ’s allowing of same sex couple hospital visits caused the Chinese earthquake ?
This is the kind of farcical nonsense that the right wing ’s hatred of Obama has driven them to .
J. L. BELL is a writer and reader of fantasy literature for children .
His favorite authors include L. Frank Baum , Diana Wynne Jones , and Susan Cooper .
He is an Assistant Regional Advisor in the Society of Children 's Book Writers & Illustrators , and was the editor of Oziana , creative magazine of the International Wizard of Oz Club , from 2004 to 2010 .
Living in Massachusetts , Bell also writes about the American Revolution at Boston 1775 .
The aim , he said , was to register their disapproval of the images of the Muslim prophet and to offer an alternative to a site that has also been criticised for its lax and confusing privacy controls .
I ’ve been racking up quite a few frequent flyer miles on business travel lately .
So today I figured I ’d share some of the essential tools and gadgets from my road warrior toolbox .
These are the tools and gadgets I ’ve come to absolutely rely on – the ones that make me more productive when I ’m sky - riding at 35,000 feet , waiting in an airport lounge , or driving a rental car somewhere between here and there .
And since I ’m a bit of a geek , the list certainly has a geeky twist to it .
Travelpro Crew 7 Expandable Rollaboard Suitcase – Hey , if it was good enough for George Clooney in the movie ‘ Up in the Air , ’ it ’s good enough for me .
But in all seriousness , I have gone through my fair share of luggage and this is the perfect suitcase for the hardcore road warrior .
It ’s big enough to cram a week ’s worth of clothing into and small enough to use as a carry - on .
Cradlepoint CTR - 350 Cellular Travel Router –
The CTR - 350 is a great mobile Broadband / Wi-Fi router .
It ’s designed to use a mobile broadband data device ( I ’m using Sprint ’s 595U ) and provide access to it via Wi -Fi .
It works right out of the box in the default configuration , though you probably want to enable wireless security after testing it out , or else everyone will have access to it .
Sprint Aircard 595U – Okay , so I figured I could n’t make my CTR - 350 recommendation in bullet # 2 without also mentioning the awesome mobile broadband device I use with it .
I been through a few different mobile broadband devices over the last few years and this is by far my favorite .
It ’s fast , reliable , and easy to configure .
It gives me endless hours of fast broadband access on the go , which is precisely what I require .
Note :
My company also let me try the Sierra Wireless Overdrive Hotspot .
And while cool in concept , it just does n’t work as reliably as the CTR - 350 and 595U do in combination .
Apple iPad or Amazon Kindle – I know , I know …
Why own both , right ?
Well , I owned a Kindle for reading books and then I went out and bought an iPad for everything else .
The Kindle is still better for reading books , but the iPad is much more versatile .
I rarely take both with me on the road at the same time , but I always have one or the other .
It just depends on whether I think I ’ll be doing more book reading or more online reading , tweeting , etc. MacBook Pro 13.3 Inch Laptop –
It ’s small , super quick , reliable , versatile … pretty much the best darn laptop I have ever owned .
And it looks sexy too .
If you do n’t own a MacBook yet , you should consider giving this one a try .
Kensington iPhone Battery Pack and Charger ( and my iPhone ) – The iPhone is a no-brainer .
But what ’s the best accessory I ’ve ever purchased for my iPhone ?
Well , that would be the Kensington iPhone Battery Pack and Charger .
It ’s compatible with the iPhone 3GS / 3G / 2G , some iPods , and any mobile device with a mini-USB connector .
I have charged my iPhone from empty to full with this life saving road warrior device many times .
Dropbox –
This online file storage service works flawlessly and is extremely easy to integrate .
It allows me to grab documents , presentations , custom scripts , etc. and view them on my iPad or Macbook on the go .
Dropbox also allows me to create public links to my files ( even really large files ) so I can share them with others via email or social media .
Persol 2720 Sunglasses – Polarized crystal lens guaranteed to protect your eyes from the sun ’s harmful rays wherever you are .
Oh , and James Bond wears them too .
So yeah , I feel ten times cooler when I have them on .
Multi-Use Car Charger – Because a cell phone with no battery juice is useless when your rental car breaks down on the side of the road during a long road trip .
My multi-use car charger allows me to charge up to four devices at once .
This unit turns one auto cigarette lighter port into two , has two USB charging ports , and provides a heavy - duty 20 amp capacity .
Small Moleskine Notebook –
These days , almost all of my work is performed digitally on my Macbook or iPad , but when it comes time for a brainstorming session my Moleskine notebook is my tool of choice .
The analog nature of the Moleskine notebook and a ballpoint pen somehow sets my mind free when I need to grind out a few new ideas .
And it ’s so ultra portable , I pretty much bring it with me wherever I go .
What are some of the best travel gadgets and tools you ’ve used recently ?
Do you have any additional recommendations for us geeky business travelers ?
Please share them with us in the comments .
Imagine that you could redirect the thoroughfare of the imported function 's entrances into your special routines by manipulating the import table thunks .
It could be possible to filter the demands of the importations through your routines .
Furthermore , you could settle your appropriate routine by this performance , which is done by the professional Portable Executable ( PE ) Protectors .
Additionally , some sort of rootkits employ this approach to embed its malicious code inside the victim by a Trojan horse .
In the reverse engineering world , it 's described as an API redirection technique .
Nevertheless , I am not going to accompany all viewpoints in this area with source code .
This article merely represents a brief aspect of this technique by a simple code .
I will describe other issues in the absence of the source code ; I could not release the code that is related to commercial projects or intended to a malicious motivation .
However , I think this article could be used as an introduction into this topic .
1. Intoduction to the Import Table
The portable executable file structure consists of the MS - DOS header , the NT headers , the Sections headers , and the Section images , as you observe in Figure 1 .
The MS - DOS header is common in all Microsoft executable file formats from the DOS days to the Windows days .
The NT headers idea was abstracted form the Executable and Linkable Format ( ELF ) of the UNIX System .
Indeed , the Portable Executable ( PE ) format is sister of the Linux Executable and Linkable Format ( ELF ) .
The PE format headers consist of the " PE " Signature , the Common Object File Format ( COFF ) header , the Portable Executable Optimal header , and the Section headers .
Figure 1 : Portable Executable file format structure
The definition of the NT headers can be found in the < winnt.h > header file of the Virtual C++ included directory .
This information can be retrieved very easily by using ImageNtHeader ( ) from DbgHelp.dll .
You also can employ the DOS header to fetch the NT headers , so the last position of the DOS header , e_lfanew , represents the offset of the NT headers .
typedef struct _IMAGE_NT_HEADERS
{ DWORD Signature ; IMAGE_FILE_HEADER
FileHeader ; IMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER
OptionalHeader ; } IMAGE_NT_HEADERS , *PIMAGE_NT_HEADERS ;
In the Portable Executable Optional header , there are some data directories that delineate the relative location and the size of the principal information tables inside the virtual memory of the current process .
These tables can hold information about resource , import , export , relocation , debug , thread local storage , and the COM runtime .
It is impossible to find a PE executable file without the import table ; this table contains the DLL names and the Functions names that are essential when the program requests them by their virtual addresses .
The resource table is not found in the Console executable files ; nevertheless , it is a vital part of the Windows executable files with a Graphic User Interface ( GUI ) .
The export table is necessary when a dynamic link library exports its function outside and also in an OLE Active - X container .
The Dot NET virtual machine could not be executed unescorted by the COM + runtime header .
As you discerned , each table has a special commission in the PE format ; see Table 1 .
Table 1 : Data Directories
Data Directories 0 Export Table 1 Import Table 2 Resource Table 3 Exception Table 4 Certificate File 5 Relocation Table 6 Debug Data 7 Architecture Data 8 Global Ptr 9 Thread Local Storage Table 10 Load Config Table 11 Bound Import Table 12 Import Address Table 13 Delay Import Descriptor 14 COM +
Runtime Header 15 Reserved
// < winnt.h > # define IMAGE_NUMBEROF_DIRECTORY_ENTRIES
16 // Optional header format .
typedef struct _IMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER
{ ... IMAGE_DATA_DIRECTORY DataDirectory [ IMAGE_NUMBEROF_DIRECTORY_ENTRIES ] ; } IMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER32 , *PIMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER32 ; // Directory Entries # define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_EXPORT
0 // Export Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_IMPORT
1 // Import Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_RESOURCE
2 // Resource Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_BASERELOC
5 // Base Relocation Table #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_DEBUG
6 // Debug Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_TLS
9 // TLS Directory
You can obtain the position and size of the import table with only two or three lines of code .
By knowing the position of the import table , you can move to the next step to retrieve the DLL names and the Function names .
It will be discussed in the following section .
PIMAGE_NT_HEADERS pimage_nt_headers = ImageNtHeader ( pImageBase ) ; DWORD it_voffset = pimage_nt_headers ->OptionalHeader .
DataDirectory [ IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_IMPORT ] .VirtualAddress ; PIMAGE_DOS_HEADER pimage_dos_header = PIMAGE_DOS_HEADER( pImageBase ) ; PIMAGE_NT_HEADERS pimage_nt_headers = ( PIMAGE_NT_HEADERS ) ( pImageBase + pimage_dos_header->e_lfanew ) ; DWORD it_voffset = pimage_nt_headers ->OptionalHeader .
DataDirectory [ IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_IMPORT ] .VirtualAddress ;
2. Import Descriptor at a Glance
The import directory entry of the import table leads you to the position of the import table inside the file image .
There is a container for each imported DLL , import descriptor , that embraces the address of first thunk and the address of original first thunk , the pointer to the DLL name .
The First Thunk refers to the location of the first thunk ; the thunks will be initialized by the PE loader of Windows during the running of the program , as shown in Figure 5 .
The Original First
Thunk points to the first storage of the thunks , where the address of the Hint data and the Function Name data for each functions is provided , Figure 4 .
In that case , the First Original Thunk is not present ; the First Thunk refers to where the Hint data and the Function Name data are located , Figure 3 .
The import descriptor is represented with IMAGE_IMPORT_DESCRIPTOR structures , as in the following definition :
typedef struct _IMAGE_IMPORT_DESCRIPTOR
{ DWORD OriginalFirstThunk ; DWORD TimeDateStamp ; DWORD ForwarderChain ; DWORD Name ; DWORD FirstThunk ; } IMAGE_IMPORT_DESCRIPTOR , *PIMAGE_IMPORT_DESCRIPTOR ;
Member Description OriginalFirstThunk Points to the first thunk , IMAGE_THUNK_DATA
.
The thunk holds the address of the Hint and the Function name .
TimeDateStamp
Contains the time / data stamp if there is binding .
If it is 0 , no binding in imported DLL has happened .
In newer days , it sets to 0xFFFFFFFF to describe that binding occurred .
ForwarderChain
In the old version of binding , it refers to the first forwarder chain of the API .
It can be set 0xFFFFFFFF to describe no forwarder .
Name
Shows the relative virtual address of DLL name .
FirstThunk Contains the virtual address of the first thunk arrays that is defined by IMAGE_THUNK_DATA .
The thunk is initialized by a loader with a function virtual address .
In the absence view of the Orignal First Thunk , it points to the first thunk , the thunks of the Hints , and the Function names .
typedef struct _IMAGE_IMPORT_BY_NAME
{ WORD Hint ; BYTE Name [ 1 ] ; } IMAGE_IMPORT_BY_NAME , *PIMAGE_IMPORT_BY_NAME ; typedef struct _IMAGE_THUNK_DATA
{ union { PDWORD Function ; PIMAGE_IMPORT_BY_NAME
AddressOfData ; } u1 ; } IMAGE_THUNK_DATA , *PIMAGE_THUNK_DATA ;
Figure 3 : Import Table View
Figure 4 : Import Table View with Orignal First Thunk
These two import tables ( Figures 3 and 4 ) illustrate the difference between an import table with and without the original first thunk .
Figure 5 : Import Table after overwritten by PE loader
You can use Dependency Walker , Figure 6 , to observe all the information of the import table .
By the way , I have provided another tool , Import Table viewer , Figure 7 , with simple and similar operation .
I am sure its source will help you understand the main representation that is done by this kind of equipment .
Figure 6 : Dependency Walker , Steve P. Miller
Here , you observe a simple source that could be used to display the import DLLs and the import Functions with a console mode program .
However , I think my Import Table viewer , Figure 7 , has more incentive to follow the topic because of its graphic user interface .
PCHAR pThunk ; PCHAR pHintName ; DWORD dwAPIaddress ; PCHAR pDllName ; PCHAR pAPIName ; //----------------------------------------
DWORD dwImportDirectory= RVA2Offset( pImageBase , pimage_nt_headers -> OptionalHeader .
DataDirectory [ IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_IMPORT ].VirtualAddress ) ; //----------------------------------------
PIMAGE_IMPORT_DESCRIPTOR pimage_import_descriptor= ( PIMAGE_IMPORT_DESCRIPTOR ) ( pImageBase+dwImportDirectory ) ;
//---------------------------------------- while(pimage_import_descriptor->Name!=0 ) { pThunk= pImageBase+pimage_import_descriptor->FirstThunk ; pHintName= pImageBase ; if( pimage_import_descriptor->OriginalFirstThunk!=0 ) { pHintName+= RVA2Offset( pImageBase , pimage_import_descriptor->OriginalFirstThunk ) ; } else { pHintName+= RVA2Offset( pImageBase , pimage_import_descriptor-> FirstThunk ) ; } pDllName= pImageBase + RVA2Offset( pImageBase , pimage_import_descriptor -> Name ) ; printf ( " DLL Name : %s First Thunk : 0x%x " , pDllName , pimage_import_descriptor-> FirstThunk ) ; PIMAGE_THUNK_DATA
pimage_thunk_data= ( PIMAGE_THUNK_DATA ) pHintName ; while ( pimage_thunk_data->u1.AddressOfData!=0 ) { dwAPIaddress= pimage_thunk_data->u1.AddressOfData ; if (( dwAPIaddress&0x80000000 )==0x80000000 ) { dwAPIaddress&= 0x7FFFFFFF ; printf ( " Proccess : 0x%x " , dwAPIaddress ) ; } else { pAPIName= pImageBase +RVA2Offset( pImageBase , dwAPIaddress ) + 2 ; printf ( " Proccess : %s " , pAPIName ) ; } pThunk+= 4 ; pHintName+= 4 ; pimage_thunk_data ++ ; } pimage_import_descriptor ++ ; }
Figure 7 : Import Table viewer
COLUMBUS , Ohio --
The Detroit Red Wings will dress the same lineup for Friday 's game in Columbus ( 7 p.m. , FSN Plus ) that they used Wednesday against the Blue Jackets .
Red Wings coach Mike Babcock will decide after Friday 's game how to approach Sunday 's regular - season finale in Chicago , whether to rest a key player or two .
Players all indicated they want to play , however .
" They 're all the same , they do n't want to dress for the game and then not play the game , '' Babcock said following Friday morning 's skate .
" I talked to a few of them today , and no one seemed to think that they were taking Sunday off .
So let 's play today 's game and talk about it after .
We like to play , though . ''
Forward Rick Nash returns to the lineup for Columbus after sitting out two games with a stiff neck and back .
Steve Mason starts in goal again for the Blue Jackets .
The Red Wings need two points to secure their 10th consecutive 100 - point season , extending their own NHL record .
Here are the teams with most 100 - point seasons , overall , in NHL history :
1. Boston 18
2. Philadelphia 17
3. Montreal 16
4. Detroit 15
5. New Jersey 11
Here are Detroit 's lines and defense pairings :
Franzen - Datsyuk- Holmstrom
Filppula- Zetterberg - Bertuzzi
Cleary - Helm - Eaves
Draper - Miller - Williams
Lidstrom - Rafalski
Kronwall - Stuart
Ericsson - Lilja
Lebda -Meech ( scratches )
Howard ( starting )
Osgood
If the Red Wings gain one point -- Colorado , which hosts Chicago on Friday night , loses one point -- Detroit will avoid finishing in eighth place in the Western Conference .
Nick Griffin says he will quit as BNP leader by 2013
Mr Griffin says in 2013 it will be time for a " younger person " Nick Griffin is to step down as leader of the British National Party by the end of 2013 , a party statement says .
According to the BNP website , he said by then he would have been party leader for 15 years which was " long enough " .
He wanted to " make way for a younger person " and focus on getting re-elected to the European Parliament in 2014 .
The party also said it had received a " bloody nose " in the local elections - it lost all 12 of its seats on east London 's Barking and Dagenham council .
' No baggage ' Mr Griffin said his decision was timed to allow the last " building blocks " of the BNP 's administrative and political machine to be put in place .
" This is going to take at least 18 months to implement and after that I intend to hand the party over to someone who will be able to drive support up to where it can be a serious contender for power .
" It will be time to make way for a younger person who does not have any baggage which can be used against the party , " he said .
Of the BNP 's 2014 European election hopes , Mr Griffin said he was sure the party could retain its two seats and add " several more " to the tally .
" I then intend to help the other European nationalist parties to achieve the level of sophistication which the BNP has been able to build up , because a victory for any one of these parties is a victory to all of us , " he said .
The party said it also wanted to " revolutionise " the way it fought elections .
The BNP 's loss in Barking in the local elections mirrored its defeat in the parliamentary elections where Labour minister Margaret Hodge saw off a challenge by Mr Griffin , winning by a majority of more than 16,000 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
KABUL ( Reuters ) - Russia accused the United States on Sunday of conniving with Afghanistan ’s drug producers by refusing to destroy opium crops , the second time in a week Moscow has taken a swipe at the West over drug policy .
Afghan farmers work on a poppy field in the Grishk district of Helmand province in this April 18 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Abdul Qodus / Files
U.S. Marines have advanced into one of the main opium - growing regions of Afghanistan ’s Helmand Province since February , but have told villagers there they will not destroy the opium crop that is blossoming this month .
“ We believe such statements are contrary to the decisions taken on Afghan narco - problems within the U.N. and other international forums , ” said a statement from the Russian Foreign Ministry released by the embassy in Kabul .
“ The touching ’ concern about the Afghan farmers actually means , if not directly , then certainly indirectly , conniving ( with ) drug producers , ” it said .
Last week , Russian U.N. ambassador Vitaly Churkin told the Security Council that U.S. and NATO commanders should continue to eradicate opium poppy fields .
NATO rejected the criticism and said Russia could best help by providing assistance to the fight the insurgency .
Moscow , which lost its own bitter war in Afghanistan during the 1980s , frequently criticizes the NATO military campaign .
U.S. Marines captured the former Taliban stronghold of Marjah last month in what was billed as the biggest offensive of the 8 - year - old war .
They say they will not eradicate opium there , but will pay poppy farmers to destroy their own crops and will then provide seed for them to plant other crops next year .
Afghanistan produces more than 90 percent of the world ’s opium , a thick paste extracted from poppies and processed to make highly addictive heroin and then smuggled abroad .
Military commanders say the trade funds the insurgency .
The Russian statement said the stance taken by the United States and NATO “ ignores the fact that thousands of people die from heroin ... including in Afghanistan . ”
If NATO troops would not carry out eradication themselves , they should provide force protection for Afghans to do it , it said .
Poppy eradication has largely been seen as a failure by the international community .
According to the United Nations , less than 4 percent of poppy planted in Afghanistan over the last two years was eradicated , and at a great human and economic cost .
Foreign troops in Afghanistan have never carried out poppy eradication themselves , but they have provided logistical support and security for Afghan eradication programs , and programs run by Western security contracting firms .
The United States said last year it would phase out its eradication efforts and would concentrate instead on interdiction of the drug , going after traffickers heroin factories .
NEW YORK --
The Super Bowl champion New Orleans Saints will get an early test when they host the Minnesota Vikings in the NFL season opener , a rematch of their thrilling NFC Championship Game decided in overtime .
That nationally televised game will be Thursday night , Sept. 9 . New Orleans won its first conference title by beating Minnesota 31 - 28 on a 40 - yard field goal by Garrett Hartley 4:45 into overtime .
The Saints went on to defeat the Indianapolis Colts 31 - 17 in the Super Bowl .
" I can't imagine it being any more charged than the last time we were down there , " Vikings coach Brad Childress said Tuesday night .
" That 's always a great , hostile environment to play in . "
The Saints also will play at Dallas on Thanksgiving Day ; the Cowboys handed New Orleans its first defeat after 13 victories last season .
In an effort to make late - season games more meaningful and avoid teams sitting regulars once they have clinched playoff berths , the NFL set up all intradivision matchups for the final Sunday , Jan .
2 . That adjustment caused much of the delay in the release of the schedule this year ; it normally is announced in early April or before .
Indianapolis begins its 2010 schedule at Houston on the first full day of the season , Sept. 12 .
Another highlight that Sunday will be the regular - season debut of the new Meadowlands Stadium , with Carolina at the New York Giants .
The next night , Baltimore is at the New York Jets in the same venue , followed by San Diego at Kansas City in what has become a traditional Monday night doubleheader to kick off the season .
Two games will be played abroad : Denver versus San Francisco in London on Oct. 31 , and Chicago versus Buffalo in Toronto the following Sunday , Nov. 7 .
" Our Toronto fans will have the opportunity to see us play against one of the most storied franchises in NFL history , " Bills owner Ralph Wilson said , " with Brian Urlacher anchoring the Bears ' defense and Jay Cutler , one of the most exciting quarterbacks in the game today , leading their offense . "
The Jets also will host the Thanksgiving night game , against Cincinnati .
Also on that holiday , New England visits Detroit .
Donovan McNabb's first game as Redskins quarterback will be against a familiar foe : Dallas .
The Cowboys visit Washington in the Sunday night game Sept. 12 .
McNabb goes back to Philadelphia on Sunday , Oct. 4 , the fourth week of the schedule and the first week with byes .
" It 's a competitive schedule to measure ourselves against some of the top teams in the National Football League , " Redskins coach Mike Shanahan said .
" It is flattering to open the season on national television on Sunday night and to also play three prime - time games and five national broadcasts in our first nine games . "
Other featured matchups include the Giants at the Colts as the prime - time Sunday game in Week 2 , the second meeting between Peyton Manning and younger brother Eli ; the almost - annual Colts - Patriots game , in Week 11 at New England ; Dallas at Arizona on Christmas night , a Saturday ; and the double dose of Brett Favre versus the Packers , if the 40 - year - old quarterback returns to Minnesota : Sunday night , Oct. 24 at Lambeau , and Nov. 21 at Minneapolis .
Julius Peppers , the highest - profile free agent this year , will return to Carolina with his new team when the Bears play the Panthers in Week 5 .
In addition to Shanahan 's first game coaching the Redskins , the debuts of the two other new head coaches will have Pete Carroll 's Seahawks hosting San Francisco and Chan Gailey 's Bills at home against Miami .
The Rams , who hold the first pick in Thursday 's draft , open at home against Arizona .
Red meat , regardless of feeding regimen , is nutrient dense and regarded as an important source of essential amino acids , vitamins A , B 6 , B 12 , D , E , and minerals , including iron , zinc and selenium [ 17 , 18 ] .
Along with these important nutrients , meat consumers also ingest a number of fats which are an important source of energy and facilitate the absorption of fat - soluble vitamins including A , D , E and K .
According to the ADA , animal fats contribute approximately 60 % of the SFA in the American diet , most of which are palmitic acid ( C16:0 ) and stearic acid ( C18:0 ) .
Stearic acid has been shown to have no net impact on serum cholesterol concentrations in humans [ 17 , 19 ] .
In addition , 30 % of the FA content in conventionally produced beef is composed of oleic acid ( C18:1 ) [ 20 ] , a monounsaturated FA ( MUFA ) that elicits a cholesterol - lowering effect among other healthful attributes including a reduced risk of stroke and a significant decrease in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure in susceptible populations [ 21 ] .
Be that as it may , changes in finishing diets of conventional cattle can alter the lipid profile in such a way as to improve upon this nutritional package .
Although there are genetic , age related and gender differences among the various meat producing species with respect to lipid profiles and ratios , the effect of animal nutrition is quite significant [ 22 ] .
Regardless of the genetic makeup , gender , age , species or geographic location , direct contrasts between grass and grain rations consistently demonstrate significant differences in the overall fatty acid profile and antioxidant content found in the lipid depots and body tissues [ 22 – 24 ] .
Table 1 summarizes the saturated fatty acid analysis for a number of studies whose objectives were to contrast the lipid profiles of cattle fed either a grain or grass diets [ 25 –31 ] .
This table is limited to those studies utilizing the longissimus dorsi ( loin eye ) , thereby standardizing the contrasts to similar cuts within the carcass and limits the comparisons to cattle between 20 and 30 months of age .
Unfortunately , not all studies report data in similar units of measure ( i.e. , g/g of fatty acid ) , so direct comparisons between studies are not possible .
Table 1 Comparison of mean saturated fatty acid composition ( expressed as mg/g of fatty acid or as a % of total lipid ) between grass - fed and grain - fed cattle .
Full size table
Table 1 reports that grass finished cattle are typically lower in total fat as compared to grain - fed contemporaries .
Interestingly , there is no consistent difference in total SFA content between these two feeding regimens .
Those SFA 's considered to be more detrimental to serum cholesterol levels , i.e. , myristic ( C14:0 ) and palmitic ( C16:0 ) , were higher in grain - fed beef as compared to grass - fed contemporaries in 60 % of the studies reviewed .
Grass finished meat contains elevated concentrations of stearic acid ( C18:0 ) , the only saturated fatty acid with a net neutral impact on serum cholesterol .
Thus , grass finished beef tends to produce a more favorable SFA composition although little is known of how grass - finished beef would ultimately impact serum cholesterol levels in hyper - cholesterolemic patients as compared to a grain - fed beef .
Like SFA intake , dietary cholesterol consumption has also become an important issue to consumers .
Interestingly , beef 's cholesterol content is similar to other meats ( beef 73 ; pork 79 ; lamb 85 ; chicken 76 ; and turkey 83 mg /100 g ) [ 32 ] , and can therefore be used interchangeably with white meats to reduce serum cholesterol levels in hyper- cholesterolemic individuals [ 11 , 33 ] .
Studies have shown that breed , nutrition and sex do not affect the cholesterol concentration of bovine skeletal muscle , rather cholesterol content is highly correlated to IMF concentrations [ 34 ] .
As IMF levels rise , so goes cholesterol concentrations per gram of tissue [ 35 ] .
Because pasture raised beef is lower in overall fat [ 24 – 27 , 30 ] , particularly with respect to marbling or IMF [ 26 , 36 ] , it would seem to follow that grass - finished beef would be lower in overall cholesterol content although the data is very limited .
Garcia et al ( 2008 ) report 40.3 and 45.8 grams of cholesterol / 100 grams of tissue in pastured and grain - fed steers , respectively ( P < 0.001 ) [ 24 ] .
Interestingly , grain - fed beef consistently produces higher concentrations of MUFAs as compared to grass - fed beef , which include FAs such as oleic acid ( C18:1 cis - 9 ) , the primary MUFA in beef .
A number of epidemiological studies comparing disease rates in different countries have suggested an inverse association between MUFA intake and mortality rates to CVD [ 3 , 21 ] .
Even so , grass - fed beef provides a higher concentration of TVA ( C18:1 t11 ) , an important MUFA for de novo synthesis of conjugated linoleic acid ( CLA : C18:2 c - 9 , t- 11 ) , a potent anti-carcinogen that is synthesized within the body tissues [ 37 ] .
Specific information relative to the health benefits of CLA and its biochemistry will be detailed later .
The important polyunsaturated fatty acids ( PUFAs ) in conventional beef are linoleic acid ( C18:2 ) , alpha - linolenic acid ( C18:3 ) , described as the essential FAs , and the long - chain fatty acids including arachidonic acid ( C20:4 ) , eicosapentaenoic acid ( C20:5 ) , docosanpetaenoic acid ( C22:5 ) and docosahexaenoic acid ( C22:6 ) [ 38 ] .
The significance of nutrition on fatty acid composition is clearly demonstrated when profiles are examined by omega 6 ( n - 6 ) and omega 3 ( n - 3 ) families .
Table 2 shows no significant change to the overall concentration of n- 6 FAs between feeding regimens , although grass - fed beef consistently shows a higher concentrations of n- 3 FAs as compared to grain - fed contemporaries , creating a more favorable n - 6 : n - 3 ratio .
There are a number of studies that report positive effects of improved n - 3 intake on CVD and other health related issues discussed in more detail in the next section .
YOU could be forgiven a bit of indecision when ordering a drink at Beer Revolution in Oakland , Calif .
While its coolers glisten with bottles of the world ’s choice beers , the bar offers a list of exquisite and rare brews that changes daily  it could take an enthusiast months ( or a visit to a potentially far - flung brewery ) to catch some of them again .
Painted a deep red appropriate to its name , Beer Revolution ( 464 Third Street ; 510-452-2337 ; beer - revolution.com ) , which opened earlier this year , is the latest in a growing number of tasting bars in northern California and Oregon that combine a hyperactive tap list with an exhaustive selection of bottled craft beers that patrons can sample in - house or take away .
“ There ’s a huge craft brewing movement  every month there ’s a new small craft brewery opening , ” said Rebecca Boyles , a co-owner of the shop with her husband , Mark Martone , who is known as Fraggle .
“ There ’s literally a beer revolution going on , ” Mr. Martone said .
Hillary Safarik , a local who was enjoying a bottle of Wipeout  an India pale ale from Port Brewing Company in San Marcos , Calif .
 at a table on the shop ’s sun-baked deck , agreed .
“ It used to just be guys at a bar drinking some gross beer , lagers and stuff , ” she said .
But things have changed , she added , “ Beer has become the new wine . ”
Craig and Beth Wathen looked to wine bars for inspiration when they opened City Beer Store ( 1168 Folsom Street , Suite 101 ; 415-503-1033 ; citybeerstore.com ) , a spare loft in the SOMA district of San Francisco , in 2006 .
As is generally the case at tasting bars , the bottles are displayed by style rather than by brand .
“ The tasting bar gives you a relaxed atmosphere where you can ask questions , ” he said .
“ Take a sour beer :
You can describe it , the way it tastes and where it comes from , but at a certain point you just have to taste it . ”
… the huge ledger …
Still from Codebreaker showing Turing ’s checkout of three Carroll books .
The charming town of Guildford , 40 minutes southwest of London on South West Trains , is associated with two famous British logician - mathematicians .
Alan Turing ( on whom I seem to perseverate ) spent time there after 1927 , when his parents purchased a home at 22 Ennismore Avenue just outside the Guildford town center .
Although away at his boarding school , the Sherborne School in Dorset , which he attended from 1926 to 1931 , Turing spent school holidays at the family home in Guildford .
The house bears a blue plaque commemorating the connection with Turing , the “ founder of computer science ” as it aptly describes him , which you can see in the photo at right , taken on a pilgrimage I took this past June .
… the family home …
The Turing residence at 22 Ennismore Avenue , Guildford
And this brings us to the second famous Guildford mathematician , who it turns out Turing was reading while at Sherborne .
In the Turing docudrama Codebreaker , one of Turing ’s biographers David Leavitt visits Sherborne and displays the huge ledger used for the handwritten circulation records of the Sherborne School library .
There ( Leavitt remarks ) , in an entry dated 11 April 1930 , Turing has checked out three books , including Alice in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass , and What Alice Found There .
( We ’ll come back to the third book shortly . )
The books were , of course , written by the Oxford mathematics don Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under his better known pen name Lewis Carroll .
Between the 1865 and 1871 publications of these his two most famous works , Carroll leased “ The Chestnuts ” in Guildford in 1868 to serve as a home for his sisters .
The house sits at the end of Castle Hill Road adjacent to the Guildford Castle , which is as good a landmark as any to serve as the center of town .
Carroll visited
The Chestnuts on many occasions over the rest of his life ; it was his home away from Christ Church home .
He died there 30 years later and was buried at the Guildford Mount Cemetery .
… through the looking glass …
Statue of Alice passing through the looking glass , Guildford Castle Park , Guildford
Guildford plays up its connection to Carroll much more than its Turing link .
In the park surrounding Guildford Castle sits a statue of Alice passing through the looking glass , and the adjacent museum devotes considerable space to the Dodgson family .
A statue depicting the first paragraphs of Alice ’s adventures ( Alice , her sister reading next to her , noticing a strange rabbit ) sits along the bank of the River Wey .
The Chestnuts itself , however , bears no blue plaque nor any marker of its link to Carroll .
( A plaque formerly marking the brick gatepost has been removed , evidenced only by the damage to the brick where it had been . )
… The Chestnuts …
The Dodgson family home in Guildford
Who knows whether Turing was aware that Carroll , whose two Alice books he was reading , had had a home a mere mile from where his parents were living .
The Sherborne library entry provides yet another convergence between the two British - born , Oxbridge - educated , permanent bachelors with sui generis demeanors , questioned sexualities , and occasional stammers , interested in logic and mathematics .
But there ’s more .
What of the third book that Turing checked out of the Sherborne library at the same time ?
Leavitt finds the third book remarkable because the title , The Game of Logic , presages Turing ’s later work in logic and the foundations of computer science .
What Leavitt does n’t seem to be aware of is that it is no surprise that this book would accompany the Alice books ; it has the same author .
Carroll published The Game of Logic in 1886 .
It serves to make what I believe to be the deepest connection between the two mathematicians , one that has to my knowledge never been noted before .
… Carroll ’s own copy …
Title page of Lewis Carroll , The Game of Logic , 1886 .
EC85.D6645.886g , Houghton Library , Harvard University .
After watching Codebreaker and noting the Game of Logic connection , I decided to refresh my memory about the book .
I visited Harvard ’s Houghton Library , which happens to have Carroll ’s own copy of the book .
The title page is shown at right , with the facing page visible showing a sample card to be used in the game .
The book was sold together with a copy of the card made of pasteboard and counters of two colors ( red and grey ) to be used to mark the squares on the card .
The Houghton visit and the handling of the game pieces jogged my memory as to the point of Carroll ’s book .
Carroll ’s goal in The Game of Logic was to describe a system for carrying out syllogistic reasoning that even a child could master .
Towards that goal , the system was intended to be completely mechanical .
It involved the card marked off in squares and the two types of counters placed on the card in various configurations .
Any of a large class of syllogisms over arbitrary properties can be characterized in this way , given a large enough card and enough counters , though it becomes unwieldy quite quickly after just a few .
… marked off in squares …
The game card depicting a syllogism .
Lewis Carroll , The Game of Logic , 1886 .
EC85.D6645.886g , Houghton Library , Harvard University .
( The photo at right shows the card and counters that came with the book .
I ’ve placed the counters in such a way as to depict the syllogism :
No red apples are unripe .
Some wholesome apples are red . ∴
Some ripe apples are red . )
To computer scientists , this ought to sound familiar .
Just six years after checking out The Game of Logic from his school library , Turing would publish his groundbreaking paper “ On computable numbers ” , in which he describes a system for carrying out computations in a way that is completely mechanical .
It involves a paper tape marked off in squares , and markings of at least two types placed on the tape in various configurations .
Any of a large class of computations over arbitrary values can be characterized in this way , given a large enough tape and enough markings , though it becomes unwieldy quite quickly .
We now call this mechanical device with tape and markings a Turing machine , and recognize it as the first universal model of computation .
Turing ’s paper serves as the premier work in the then nascent field of computer science .
Of course , there are differences both superficial and fundamental between Carroll ’s game and Turing ’s machine .
Carroll ’s card is two - dimensional with squares marked off in a lattice pattern , and counters are placed both within the squares and on the edges between squares .
Turing ’s tape is one - dimensional ( though two - dimensional Turing machines have been defined and analyzed ) and the markings are placed only within the squares .
Most importantly , nothing even approaching the ramifications that Turing developed on the basis of his model came from Carroll ’s simple game .
( As a mathematician , Carroll was no Turing . )
Nonetheless , in a sense the book that Turing read at 17 attempts to do for logic what Turing achieved six years later for computation .
I have no idea whether Lewis Carroll ’s The Game of Logic influenced Alan Turing ’s thinking about computability .
But it serves as perhaps the strongest conceptual bond between Guildford ’s two great mathematicians .
Update February 25 , 2015 : Thanks to Houghton Library Blog for reblogging this post .
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
PHOENIX -- The U.S. government may challenge Arizona 's new immigration law , Attorney General Eric Holder said Tuesday as Arizona officials blamed the Feds for forcing the state into passing its own immigration enforcement mechanisms .
Attorney General Eric
Holder told reporters on Tuesday that he fears the new law is subject to abuse .
He said that the Justice Department and the Homeland Security Department are in the midst of conducting a review of the state law .
The attorney general said a number of options are under consideration including the possibility of a court challenge .
But it 's the failure of the Obama administration to " secure our borders " that forced Arizona to pass the tough new law , Arizona Sen .
John McCain said Tuesday .
Calling the situation in his state " the worst I 've ever seen , " McCain said drugs are pouring into the southwestern United States from Mexico because of ineffective border enforcement .
More On This ... Civil Rights Groups Protest Arizona Immigration Law , File Suit Over Federal Program
Arizona Republican Gov. Jan Brewer signed a bill Friday to give state police the authority to question whether an individual is in the United States legally and would consider it a crime for people to be unlawfully in the state .
She said she was forced to act because Washington has failed to stop the flow of illegal immigrants and drugs from Mexico .
Opponents of the law , who have staged protests in the state capital of Phoenix since last week , used refried beans to smear swastikas on the state Capitol and have demanded a boycott of the state , have said they want to take the case to court for a judge to decide whether the state can enforce federal laws .
" If you look or sound foreign , you are going to be subjected to never - ending requests for police to confirm your identity and to confirm your citizenship , " said Alessandra Soler Meetze , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona , which is exploring legal action .
President Obama has also questioned the legal authority for Arizona to enforce federal law , arguing it would be a violation of civil rights for state law enforcement to question the legality of an individual 's residency .
But McCain told CBS 's " The Early Show " that he 's talked to law enforcement officials and believes the new law can be implemented " without racial profiling , " a chief concern of opponents .
He added that over a million pounds of marijuana were intercepted on the border at Tucson just in the last year .
Separately , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer agreed Tuesday that the federal government has n't secured the border with Mexico
" I think they ’re right , " said Hoyer .
" The Feds have n't done their job . "
Currently , many U.S. police departments do not ask about people 's immigration status unless they have run afoul of the law in some other way .
Many departments say stopping and questioning people will only discourage immigrants from cooperating to solve crimes .
Under the new Arizona law , immigrants unable to produce documents showing they are allowed to be in the U.S. could be arrested , jailed for up to six months and fined $ 2,500 .
That is a significant escalation of the typical federal punishment for being here illegally -- deportation .
People arrested by Arizona police would be turned over to federal immigration officers .
Opponents said the federal government could thwart the law by refusing to accept them .
Supporters of the law said it is necessary to protect Arizonans .
The state is home to an estimated 460,000 illegal immigrants and is the nation 's busiest gateway for people slipping into the country .
Brewer has ordered state officials to develop a training course for officers to learn what constitutes reasonable suspicion that someone is in the U.S. illegally .
The crux of opponents ' arguments is that only the federal government has the authority to regulate immigration .
" If every state had its own laws , we would n't be one country ; we'd be 50 different countries , " said Thomas Saenz , president and general counsel of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund .
Kevin Johnson , dean of the law school at the University of California - Davis and an immigration law professor , said such a lawsuit would have a very good chance of success .
He said the state law gets into legal trouble by giving local law enforcement officers the authority to enforce immigration laws .
However , Gerald Neuman , a Harvard Law School professor , said Arizona could make a compelling legal argument that it has overlapping authority to protect its residents .
Kris Kobach , a University of Missouri - Kansas City law professor who helped write the Arizona legislation , said he anticipated legal challenges and carefully drafted the language .
He said the state law is only prohibiting conduct already illegal under federal law .
Jon Garrido , who produces a Hispanic website and ran unsuccessfully last year for Phoenix City Council , told The Arizona Republic Monday he pulled organizing papers for a petition drive to repeal the law .
A referendum would require the signature of 76,682 registered voters to get on the November ballot .
If successful , the effort would block the law from taking effect until the vote .
San Francisco's city attorney has urged policymakers in the city to stop dealing with Arizona and Arizona businesses .
Leaders in Mexico also demanded a boycott , as did civil rights leader Al Sharpton .
During a town hall meeting Monday in Tucson , Brewer dismissed the threat of a boycott , saying she does n't believe the law is " going to have the kind of economic impact that some people think it might , " the Arizona Daily Star reported .
The law has strong public support in Arizona , where passions have been running high since a rancher was killed close to the Mexican border last month , apparently by drug smugglers from across the border .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
In the Saudi city of Asir , women were recently banned from jogging and taking physical exercise in certain areas .
The excuse was that the local government had to “ guarantee their safety from criminals who frequently harass them as they walk in lonely places ” .
There are many examples of women being “ protected ” from men in the Middle East .
One would think that the rise of ultra-conservatism , namely the Salafi project emanating from Saudi Arabia , would be more tolerant of Islam ’s historical support for women ’s rights and their mobility in public – think of the era of the prophet and the openness of that society .
The prophet was adamant that all people were welcome in Medina and that women were to be treated with the utmost respect .
At the time , unlike today , there was no sexual apartheid in the mosque , with men and women praying together in a show of unity .
Now , what we are witnessing is the rise of a movement that is as vehemently anti-women as it is anti-progress .
“ Whenever the conservatives enter a society they do n’t talk politics or economics , they talk of the honour of women ” , said Hibaaq Osman , the founder and chair of the women ’s organisation El Karama .
She argues , rightly , that what is important to these conservatives – and she is quick to point out this is not a problem limited to Islam – is that women are the key to society .
She added that in all societies , women are the building blocks of forward thinking .
She believes that once women have shaken off the need for a male guardian and have entered the workforce , then freedoms and laws against sexual violence can be implemented for the betterment and progress of society .
But , she added : “ If the woman is being portrayed as the devil in Friday sermons in the mosque , then in public people are looking for confirmation of what they are hearing . ”
At the same time many Salafis and conservatives put the blame on society going awry ; men are unable to take responsibility for their own actions .
Osman says that evidence shows conservative religious folk the world over , including the Middle East , are the most sex-crazed .
This is shown by the large number of temporary , urfi and mutah marriages .
Urfi marriages have no formal contract , while mutah marriages have a defined period of marriage .
Often , this amounts to a form of prostitution where women are purchased for a period of time , from their families or pimps , to provide sex for wealthy gulf Arabs , who at the same time push an agenda that attempts to move women away from the public sphere and back into the home .
All in the name of honour and moral uprightness .
Men are not the problem , they argue .
It is the inherent inability of men to control themselves in the face of so much temptation .
It is OK for men to wear cut - off T - shirts and shorts , but for a woman to do so would be tantamount to asking for it .
If conservatives believe men are inherently weak in terms of sex , then why do the men remain in public if they can’t handle it ?
It does n’t add up .
Women are objects in many conservatives ’ views .
Things that can be owned and used for a man ’s pleasure when he desires and when he wants .
This is why we have seen the growth of polygamy , the shoving aside of a woman ’s ability to choose her life ’s goals , and the unending “ debate ” over the causes of sexual harassment and sexual assault .
Two years ago , one woman in Egypt attempted to challenge the belief that men would not be held responsible for their actions against women .
When Noha Rushdi went to the police to press charges against a man who had groped her on the street , the police and bystanders , including women , attempted to talk her out of it .
They asked what she was wearing , if she had been doing anything suggestive to “ entice the man ” .
Rushdi , after numerous attempts to silence her , took her case to court and eventually won , seeing the perpetrator receive a $ 900 fine and three years in prison .
Optimism abounded that times were changing , but in the two years since her case , little has improved .
The Salafi grip on Egyptian society seems to be growing ever stronger , and with it the continued backlash against women who attempt to promote freedom and justice .
Highlighting how deep the conservatism of Egyptian society has become , a recent World Health Organisation study showed that the vast majority of men and women in Egypt believe that it is OK for a man to beat his wife if she refuses to have sex with him , if she does not do as he says or if she talks to a man on the street .
They are simply objects that can be controlled and dominated .
All in the name of faith and religion .
What should be happening is that women should not be blamed for what they wear , whether it is a full niqab or a bikini .
There is no justification for harassment of any kind .
By sexualising faith , the Salafis are trying to exonerate men .
The fault lies with the women , who are presumed to be asking to be harassed , groped or worse .
But men are the ones perpetrating these crimes and making the streets unsafe , so it is about time men started taking action to end this reprehensible current continuing to foment in Egypt , in Saudi Arabia and across the globe .
The New Scientist ( “ new ” in most magazine titles meaning “ socialist ” ) has yet another whole issue aimed at slamming climate skeptics .
You might start to think they felt threatened or something .
I found the cover hugely ironic :
The implication I guess is that climate skeptics are somehow trying to silence real scientists .
This is enormously ironic .
With a couple of exceptions , including the unfortunate legal crusade by the Virginia AG against Michael Mann , it is climate alarmists rather than skeptics who have generally taken the position that the other side of the debate needs to be silenced .
By the way , as I said in the intro to my last video , I have chosen to embrace the title of denier – with one proviso .
Being a denier implies that one is denying some kind of proposition , so I am sure thoughtful people would agree that it is important to be clear on the proposition that is being denied .
For example , I always found the term “ climate denier ” to be hilarious .
You mean there are folks who deny there is a climate ?
I do n’t deny that climate changes – it changes all the time .
I do n’t deny there is global warming – global temperatures are higher today than they were in 1900 , just as they were higher in 1200 AD than they were in 900 .
I do n’t even deny that man is contributing somewhat to the warming , not just from CO2 but from effects like changes in land use .
What I deny is the catastrophe — that man ’s actions are leading to catastrophic changes in the climate .
I believe many scientists have grossly over - estimated the sensitivity of temperatures to CO2 by grossly overestimating the net positive feedback in the climate system .
And I think much of the work assigning consequences to even small increases in global temperatures – from tornadoes to hurricanes to lizard extinction – is frankly crap .
While I think the first mistake ( around sensitivity ) is an honest error , some day scientists will look back on the horrendous “ science ” of the consequences of warming and be ashamed .
It strikes me that a real scientific magazine that was actually seeking truth would , if it wanted to dedicate a whole issue to the climate debate , actually create a print debate between skeptics and alarmists to educate its readers .
If the alarmist case is so obvious , and its readers so smugly superior in their intellect , surely this would be the most powerful possible way to debunk skeptics .
Instead , the New Scientist chose , in a phrase I saw the other day and loved , to take a flamethrower to a field of straw men .
For those who want to watch the straw men go up in smoke , The Reference Frame has an index to the articles in this issue .
Cyclist Lance Armstrong denied allegations that he participated in banned performance - enhancing measures , questioning the credibility of former teammate Floyd Landis , who admitted his own use of drugs and other practices in recent emails .
Mr. Landis , the American cyclist whose 2006 Tour De France victory was nullified after a positive doping test , in recent weeks sent a series of emails to cycling officials and sponsors admitting to , and detailing , his systematic use of blood transfusions and performance - enhancing drugs during ...
Ireland ’s Niamh Kavanagh has qualified for the final of the Eurovision Song Contest in Oslo on Saturday night .
Kavanagh ’s song ,
It ’s for You , is a classic Irish ballad , written by Niall Mooney , Mårten Eriksson , Lina Erikkson , and Jonas Gladnikoff .
Tensions in Irish circles were running high in advance of tonight ’s semi-final as not only was Ireland competing in the more competitive of the two qualifying heats this year but singer Niamh Kavanagh ’s voice appeared to be suffering from some strain .
At last night ’s dress rehearsal , she was only able to reach the final note of her song briefly .
Expert juries , whose vote counts for 50 per cent of the total result , vote on this dress rehearsal rather than the live semi-final performance .
However , tonight the public vote , which makes up the other half of the overall result , backed the singer .
Kavanagh has enormous support among the over 2,000 fans and journalists attending the contest in Oslo .
She is the only former winner in this year ’s contest ( having won in 1993 with In Your Eyes ) and has been a popular presence at pre-contest concerts and parties .
In the past week , Kavanagh has consistently featured in bookmakers ’ predictions of top 10 finishers overall in this year ’s contest , reaching as high as sixth on some lists .
The other nine countries who qualified tonight were ; Georgia , Ukraine , Turkey , Israel , Cyprus , Azerbaijan , Romania , Armenia , Denmark .
Earlier this week two countries at the centre of the world ’s worst recent news stories , Greece and Iceland , both qualified for Saturday ’s final .
Acts from Bosnia and Herzegovina , Moldova , Russia , Portugal , Belarus , Belgium , Albania and Serbia also qualified on Tuesday in what was considered the weaker of this year ’s two semi-finals .
While Ireland has won Eurovision more times - seven - than any other country , Irish acts have struggled in recent years .
The best finish in the past decade was in 2006 , when Brian Kennedy came 10th , while in the past two years Ireland has failed to qualify for the final .
Roll
It , a cool experimental house , resulted from the collaboration among different institutes within the University of Karlsruhe .
This cyclindrical design is a modular protype that provides flexible space within a minimum housing unit .
Three different sections are dedicated to different functional needs : there ’s a bed and table in section , an exercise cylinder , and a kitchen with a sink .
More images and more about the prototype after the break .
Structurally , the prototype includes an outer shell with the four support rings over a rigid inner shell .
A translucent membrane envelops the entire form and serves as advertising space for sponsors .
Thin wooden slats are attached to the membrane to form the running surface of the roll .
The inner cover is a series of laminated OSB panels , each 15 mm thick , that cover the support rings .
Circular openings in the side walls allow light into the structure , and a large opening serves as the entrance .
As seen on Detail .
Further information :
University of Karlsruhe
Participating institutes :
Institute of supporting structure ( ift ) Prof. Matthias Pfeifer
Mitabeiter Camille Hoffmann Matthias Michel
Institute of supporting structure ( ift ) Institute of Industrial Design and construction output ( ifib ) Prof. Petra von Both
Institute of Industrial Design and construction output ( ifib )
Roll it info@rollit-09.de
Democrats are looking at starting a corporations - vs. - the - common - man battle with the high court .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO
Dems take aim at court conservatives
Democrats hope to turn the upcoming Supreme Court confirmation hearings into a referendum of sorts on controversial recent decisions by the Roberts court — portraying the conservative majority as a judicial Goliath trampling the rights of average Americans .
As President Barack Obama mulls possible replacements for retiring Justice John Paul Stevens , the administration and congressional aides are gravitating toward a strategy that goes beyond the goals of a run -of - the - mill confirmation fight – to define a corporations - vs. - the - common - man battle between Democrats and the high court .
Advertisement
In addition to building a defensive perimeter around Obama ’s pick — whoever that may be —
Democrats will use the hearings to attack what they view as a dangerous strain of conservative judicial activism espoused by Chief Justice John Roberts and Associate Justices Samuel Alito , Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .
“ I do n’t think people are going to tell the nominee , ‘ It is terrible what the Roberts court has done — what are you going to do to reverse it ? ’ ” said Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) , laying out the argument to POLITICO on Monday .
“ But I think what people are going to do is say , ‘ Do you share our concern about the fact that the court always seems to side with the big corporate interests against the average American ? ’ ” he added .
“ I think there ’s going to be more of the public realizing they really do have a stake in who ’s on the Supreme Court . ”
Obama himself laid the groundwork for the strategy during the State of the Union speech in February , when he stunned Roberts and Alito by sharply criticizing their 5 - to - 4 decision in Citizens United v. FEC , which loosened McCain - Feingold restrictions on corporate contributions to campaigns .
“ The justice [ Obama ] appoints will be a pivotal voice on this court on issues like , for example , the one we just saw , Citizens United , where the court ruled that corporations have the same First Amendment rights as individuals and they basically sanctioned a corporate takeover of our elections , ” said Obama senior adviser David Axelrod , speaking on MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe ” program Monday .
“ Massive new spending by corporations — these kinds of decisions affect people ’s lives .
And the justice he appoints will be there for a generation , ” added Axelrod .
Still , administration officials suggested Obama wo n’t seek to balance the court by tapping a controversial liberal .
Instead , the White House is emphasizing a candidate ’s temperament , hoping to pick a “ confirmable ” candidate who shares Stevens ’s personal charm and gifts of persuasion — which sometimes helped him win over swing voter Anthony Kennedy .
“ The president will weigh heavily the ability of a nominee to build a consensus and win over a majority of his or her colleagues to counterbalance the increasingly ideological manner in which the business of the Supreme Court is conducted , ” said an administration official , speaking on condition of anonymity .
Leahy told POLITICO that he has been consulting with Obama 's team for weeks about the possibility of Stevens stepping down – and he informed the president about Stevens 's intention to retire in mid-January , after meeting with the 89 - year - old justice in Stevens ’s personal office inside the Supreme Court .
Senate Republicans have vowed to scrutinize Obama ’s pick — and have refused to rule out a filibuster if the candidate is outside the “ mainstream , ” according to Alabama Sen .
Jeff Sessions , the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee , and Minority Whip Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) .
Don Stewart , a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , dismissed the frantic pre-nomination strategizing by Democrats and scoffed at statements by Obama ’s aides saying the process would have nothing to do with political considerations .
“ Are you telling me they want to use the Supreme Court confirmation for political purposes ?
They told us we were n’t supposed to do that , ” he said .
“ Jeez Louise , I ’m confused .
You need a scorecard to keep up with these guys . ”
Obama is expected to decide on a nominee from a list of about 10 moderate to liberal lawyers and judges within the next several weeks .
On Monday , an administration official confirmed the names of two more jurists on that list : federal appeals court Judge Sidney Thomas of Montana and former Georgia Chief Justice Leah Ward Sears , the first African - American state chief judge in American history .
They join a roster of possible picks known to include Solicitor General Elena Kagan , federal Judges Diane Wood and Merrick Garland , Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Gov. Jennifer Granholm of Michigan , a former prosecutor .
While all of the names on Obama ’s shortlist enjoy solid reputations , none of them have the sheer populist pop of the justices appointed to the high court by Franklin D. Roosevelt , another Democratic president claiming to represent the common man .
Roosevelt — operating in an age before instant messaging and cable news — had more leeway in his picks , but they were an audacious bunch : William O. Douglas , who cleaned up Wall Street as head of the Securities and Exchange Commission , utility - buster Hugo Black and Felix Frankfurter , author of the landmark Securities Act of 1933 .
“ These were big personalities , really famous people with long , controversial paper trails , people with really powerful liberal records , ” said Harvard Law School professor Noah Feldman , who is writing a history of FDR and the court .
Regardless of the selection , Republicans on the committee will almost certainly paint any Obama nominee as a liberal judicial activist and pepper the person with familiar questions about his or her writings , decisions and speeches .
But this time , Democrats are likely to counter with their own set of questions about conservative activism — and question the judicial philosophy of Roberts , Alito , Scalia , Thomas and Kennedy in their recent decisions .
Among the cases Senate Democrats intend to focus on : the politically charged Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. ( 2007 ) , in which the Roberts court denied a pay equity complaint from a female factory supervisor because she had failed to file by the three - year deadline , and the court ’s 2008 decision to reduce damages from the Exxon Valdez spill from $ 5 billion to $ 507 million .
On a parallel track , Democrats , led by Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) and Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md. ) , will soon introduce legislation to increase transparency among some corporate donations .
But the Citizens United case , which scrapped key sections of the McCain - Feingold campaign finance laws , is the one that the White House and Hill Democrats plan to target most .
Citizens United “ is the most high - profile case in the last couple of years , and there ’s no question , in my judgment , that the issue will be raised one way or another during the nominee ’s testimony before the committee , ” said Obama spokesman Josh Earnest .
In your face , pussycat !
The extraordinary pictures taken inches away from some of nature 's fiercest predators
These amazing pictures bring a whole new meaning to coming face to face with danger .
Photographer Jonathan Griffiths risked his life as he took these breathtaking shots , just inches from tigers , bears and cougars , capturing the moment a lion came so close it was pawing at his lens .
In one shot a tiger left condensation on his lens with its breath .
Cool cat :
The Siberian tiger seems unfazed by the frosting of snow covering its face
Leaping cougar :
The dramatic shots were taken in the Montana mountains as the photographer endured bitter - 40 degree celsius temperatures
A fine set of fangs : A black leopard bares its teeth
Call of the wild :
These brown bears let out an almighty roar
Although they have been taken in a controlled environment , the pictures represent a considerable feat - particularly for an amateur photographer .
Brave : Jonathan Griffiths checks the images on his camera
The 32 - year - old currency trader from Egham in Surrey endured bitter - 40 degree celsius temperatures , as he gained the trust of each animal over two to three days .
The father - of - one enticed them with meat - mainly chicken - to photograph them close - up in the remote American Rockies of Montana , over the past 15 months .
He got a camera only two years ago as a birthday present from his fiancee , with the intention of photographing their newborn son .
However , after spending time at the local zoo , Jonathan decided he wanted to take pictures of powerful predators in the open .
He flew to America , where he stayed in a lodge by a wildlife breeding reserve and would wake at 5.30 am each day in order to capture the shots .
Jonathan said : ' At first I was quite nervous being so close to the animals , as I did not know what to expect and they are wild .
' It 's a big adrenaline rush .
When you 're so close you can see the drool dripping on to their jaws and you can't believe it .
' By far the most nerve - racking animal was the black leopard , which made me fear for my life and I thought it could attack at any moment . '
Thankfully he , and his camera , survived to tell the tale .
Rare privilege :
Snow leopards are famously elusive
Mane attraction : A lion comes up to Jonathan 's camera in the American Rockies
Smaller prey : An American Badger is caught on camera
Danger :
A pack of grey wolves tear into their prey , alert to the fact there are people nearby
Standing tall : A brown bear rears up imposingly
Paws for thought :
Taking some time out
Earning his stripes : A Siberian tiger sizes up Jonathan 's lens
CAPE TOWN , South Africa —
The taxi drivers hustling around the bars on Long Street in Cape Town say they are ready for all the soccer fans that will flood the city in June for the World Cup .
So are hotels , restaurants , breweries and , inevitably , prostitutes .
Arguably , the soccer World Cup is to the sex industry what the holiday season is to candy shops .
A temporary surge of excited people feeling collectively festive , willing to pay for a bit of extra indulgence .
South Africa 's Drug Central Authority estimates 40,000 sex workers will trickle in for the event from as far as Russia , the Congo and Nigeria to cater to the wide taste spectrum of some 400,000 , mostly male , visitors and their apres - soccer needs .
Henry Africa , 49 , drives a taxi in Cape Town and , aside from the usual airport pickups and winery tours , he also operates the “ Bright Red Tour , ” which he expects to be a hit among soccer fans .
For the equivalent of 500 dollars , he 'll shuttle customers from strip bar to strip bar all night and even bring them over to a safe - sex practicing prostitute , a relevant selling point in a country where one in five adults are estimated to be HIV positive .
Over the years as a cabbie , he says he has seen it all : men hoping to try sex with someone HIV - positive , men getting drugged , beat up and robbed because they thought they could find what they needed on their own .
“ If they do n't know where to go , they can end up in trouble , ” said Africa .
“ What people pay for is safety . ”
Safety has remained the main keyword here , a month before kick off .
Hosting the prestigious world soccer tournament is the country 's first post - apartheid chance to be in the global spotlight for news other than that associated with South Africa of the last two decades : out - of - control crime , an immense gap between the rich and the poor , racial tensions , staggering AIDS rates and presidential eccentricities .
It is South Africa 's chance to finally shed its infamous label of an unsafe tourist destination , a tag so despised by locals .
On April 17 , in an article titled “ Enough already — stop dissing this fantastic country , ” the author Carol Lazar sums up the sentiment in the newspaper Star .
“ The hype overseas whether or not South Africa is a safe country to visit is the biggest waddle around ...
Enough now from these assholes oversees who spread doom and gloom , ” she writes .
“ Visitors to South Africa , whether they come for the World Cup or just to holiday , will have the experience of their lives . ”
It 's no surprise South Africans are defensive about outside criticism .
The country has worked hard to show off the “ new South Africa ” to the world .
It has been promoting the marvels of ethnic diversity and advertising its national parks .
It 's built brand new stadiums , renovated airports , repaired roads and installed free condom dispensers .
But the country realizes none of it will matter unless it can provide the one thing everyone is focused on — safety .
All nine South African cities hosting the games have increased police presence in strategic areas .
The Cape tourism board issued a code to try to curb sex tourism .
Children around the country are being educated about the dangers of World Cup - related sex trafficking .
AIDS awareness campaigns have been launched .
Even President Jacob Zuma — himself a polygamist , father of at least 20 children and an infamous condom skeptic — is n't taking any frivolous chances with the World Cup .
During his official visit to the United Kingdom in March , he asked the government to supply 1 billion extra condoms to South Africa before the upcoming tournament .
In the view of many , this was seen as a progressive move from a president who does n't exactly lead by example .
Just last week , Zuma announced his HIV tests came back negative , although he has admitted to having unprotected sex with women other than his four wives .
Others rolled their eyes at South Africa shooting itself in the foot again by promoting itself as a country that encourages sex tourism and prostitution .
Either way , Britain responded by sending 42 millions condoms , a number sufficient to supply almost every citizen of South Africa with one condom or every tourist expected to travel there with one hundred .
Still , some fear that exposing so many rowdy soccer watchers in such a high infection - risk area might result in an increase of HIV rates upon their return to Europe .
A Congolese prostitute , who goes by the name " Scarlet " and works on Long Street , arrived here last month and will stay in Cape Town for at least a few months or maybe permanently , " if God allows , " she said .
She wears a black tank top with the logo of Bafana Bafana , the name of the South African national soccer team , " The Boys . "
Work has been slow , she said , but she 's hopeful the World Cup will change that .
“ White men like black women , ” she said proudly about the anticipated wave of soccer fans in search of exoticism .
Scarlet says she uses condoms most of the time , unless men pay her extra to not use one .
“ Men do n't like condoms , ” she said .
Most do , however , like soccer .
While the small - government advocacy of the Tea Party movement and other conservative candidates has drawn attention to some libertarian beliefs , Americans are evenly split in their judgments of the word “ libertarian . ”
When asked for their reaction to the word , as many give a positive response ( 38 % ) as give a negative response ( 37 % ) .
About one - in - ten ( 9 % ) have neither a positive or negative reaction to the term , while 16 % do n’t know or refused to respond .
In fact , with nearly a quarter of the public not having a positive or negative reaction , “ libertarian ” produced far fewer responses than words such as “ socialism ” or “ capitalism ” or “ progressive . ”
Also , though most libertarian - friendly candidates find a home in the GOP , on balance , Republicans have a negative reaction to “ libertarian . ”
Fully 44 % of Republicans give a negative response to the word , while just three - in - ten ( 31 % ) have a positive response .
In contrast , Democrats are divided ( 39 % positive , 37 % negative ) and independents are positive ( 44 % positive , 32 % negative ) to “ libertarian . ”
Read More
Alex was small , but precocious .
He could count to six , do simple math , name shapes and colors , even help other students learn to speak .
But the real surprise came when he heard music .
Even though he ’d never learned how , Alex began to dance .
Here ’s the thing :
Alex was a bird .
Although the African Grey parrot was already famous for his intelligence and linguistic abilities , there had been no signs of any musical talent .
That changed in 2007 , when Adena Schachner , a Harvard University PhD student who researches the origins of musical behavior , played Alex a song she ’d composed .
“ We were completely shocked to see that spontaneously , of his own accord , the parrot started to , it looked like , move to the beat , ” Schachner said .
Other researchers had told her that auditory entrainment — that is , listening to an external rhythm and moving the body in time with it — was a uniquely human skill .
But mathematical analysis of Alex ’s head bobs revealed that he was legitimately in sync with the music .
So much for unique .
For humans , musical rhythm is universal and ingrained .
Dance is found in every culture on Earth .
Until recently , however , the evolutionary origins of our rhythmic ability had largely gone unprobed .
Now , scientists like Schachner are looking to examples of rhythm in animals for insight into how we got the beat .
The first logical place to look for musical behavior like our own is in other primates .
Chimpanzees , our closest evolutionary cousins , drum on logs and tree roots with their hands to display social dominance .
Gorillas famously beat on their chests .
And macaque monkeys , whose last common ancestor with humans lived 30 million years ago , shake branches in the wild — or cage bars when they ’re captive — to tell other monkeys who ’s boss .
Recent research demonstrates that for primates , like for us , rhythm and social communication are closely linked .
Macaques process drum sounds in the same brain regions as vocal calls , according to a study published last October in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Co-author Cristoph Kayser , who studies how the brain processes auditory information at the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics in Tübingen , Germany , explained that the corresponding brain regions in humans are specialized to analyze a speaker ’s emotional state .
In other words , just as we may hear sadness or anger in a piece of music , a macaque can sense excitement or agitation in a fellow macaques ’ drum beats .
But primates ’ musical abilities end there .
Although apes and monkeys can hammer out a rhythm , they ca n’t entrain to an external one .
Attempts to teach them how have failed , according to Anniruddh Patel , who studies music and the brain at the Neurosciences Institute in San Diego , Calif .
That ’s why it was such a surprise that an animal less closely related to humans , like Alex the parrot , could move on beat .
Alex died unexpectedly before Schachner ’s research on him could continue , but he was n’t the only dancing bird .
Patel also works with Snowball , a sulfur - crested cockatoo whose proclivity for bopping to the Backstreet Boys made him a YouTube sensation .
When he saw a video of Snowball swinging his head and stomping his legs to music , Patel remembers thinking : “ Holy cow , this looks like it might be real . ”
To determine if Snowball was truly entraining or merely hitting the beat by coincidence , Patel played the bird sped - up versions of the Backstreet Boys song .
Sure enough , the faster the song played , the faster Snowball rocked out .
That meant he could both recognize the rhythm and finely adjust his muscle movements to match it , which is the same thing we do when we dance .
“ It suggests that you do n’t need a human nervous system to have this behavior , ” said Patel .
He co-authored a paper on Snowball that appeared alongside Schachner ’s study on Alex in Current Biology last May .
Schachner ’s team also cast a wider net across the animal kingdom by searching YouTube for dancing pet videos .
If something looked like entrainment , they analyzed it frame - by - frame to determine if the animal was truly on tempo .
They found evidence of genuine entrainment in 14 bird species — including parrots , macaws and cockatoos — and in African elephants .
Our last common ancestor with elephants lived tens of millions of years ago , and birds ’ evolutionary line split off long before that .
So why do birds and elephants share something with us that our closer primate relatives do n’t ?
The link , Patel and Schachner believe , is vocal mimicry .
Each of the species that can entrain to music has also evolved the ability to imitate external sound .
Birds like parrots can imitate other bird calls and human speech .
Elephants can reproduce the sounds of other elephants — and even , in one recently recorded case , the sound of trucks passing on a highway .
“ The theory is that part of the machinery that ’s necessary for keeping a beat originally evolved for vocal imitation , ” Schachner said .
That means that dancing may not be a beneficial adaptation itself , but rather a lucky side effect of one .
Or , as Patel put it , “ It may be something that comes along for the ride when you have a certain kind of brain . ”
The kind of brain you need seems be a social one .
As he continues his research with Snowball , Patel is finding that the bird ’s motivation to dance increases when there ’s a person around .
That neatly mirrors a recent study with human infants , which demonstrated that they can drum on a beat more accurately when they ’re drumming with a human partner , rather than with a drumming robot or a sound alone .
The work was published this past November in the Journal of Experimental Child Psychology .
The study ’s lead author , Sebastian Kirschner of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , says the research suggests an innate social motivation to synchronize , which may turn out to be “ typically human , but not uniquely human . ”
Harvard ’s Schachner is now focusing her research on beat - keeping in humans — she wants to see if moving in synchrony helps people cooperate better .
Ultimately , she hopes the work will clarify the origins of our ability to socialize , and perhaps of music itself .
“ It ’s a phenomenon that ’s so important to so many people , ” Schachner said , “ and we have no idea how it got there . ”
By Mara Grunbaum
Dr. Laura Schlessinger is on a How To Please Your Man kick this week .
Yesterday , Schlessinger admonished wives who are n’t interested in sex and deny their husbands “ the normal , expected ‘ reward ’ of love and passion :
Most of the time , too many wives just get lazy and self - centered about taking care of their romantic and sexual lives . . .
Women ’s sexuality requires “ priming , ” while guys are just about always “ ready to roll . ”
A lot of that priming has to happen in her head : thinking affectionately about sensual things , bathing , primping and flirting — - the kinds of things wives tend to leave at the altar or in the birthing room .
To Dr. Laura , a woman ’s work includes bathing , primping , flirting , buying pretty outfits , doing her hair , and painting her nails .
But it also requires a woman to devote some of her brain space to “ thinking affectionately about sensual things , ” just in case her husband is horny when he gets home from work .
Interestingly , Dr. Laura does n’t admonish women as “ lazy and self - centered ” for literally refusing sex to their husbands — - she calls them selfish for failing to perform the inner work of actually feeling sexy when they do have sex .
Laura ’s sex advice reminded me of Amanda Marcotte ‘s observations on the conflicting theories of traditional gender roles in the conservative movement .
Social conservatives , Marcotte notes , alternately argue that gender roles are innate , and that they are learned .
To these folks , acting “ like a man ” or “ like a woman ” is the “ natural ” thing to do , but it also takes a whole lot of work to achieve proper masculine or feminine performance .
As more social spaces open up for people to be freely gay , bisexual , butch , unmarried , gender non-conforming , or anything else that defies the idea that traditional gender roles are in fact “ natural , ” I ’d argue that the performance model becomes more crucial to maintaining the conservative social order .
So instead of working to dismiss gender non-conformists as “ unnatural ” freaks of nature , conservatives have just decided to paint them as lazy , bad people who are n’t working hard enough to fulfill their constructed roles .
Now that conservatives have openly acknowledged that masculinity , femininity , and heterosexuality actually take a lot of work to maintain , they have to work doubly hard to attempt to normalize this performance .
So , good people work hard to fulfill their gender roles , but better people do n’t whine about having to perform that work .
And the best people really , truly , actually love to perform their roles — - or at least appear to love it .
Hence Dr. Laura ’s insistence that women not only perform sex for their husbands , but also internalize that performance in their own minds — - a feat that is so unnatural that women may even need to buy Dr. Laura ’s book , “ The Proper Care and Feeding of Husbands , ” in order to do it right .
Under this model , it does n’t really matter if gender performance is “ natural , ” as long as it ’s sufficiently difficult .
Take the openly gay social conservative who argues that sex between two men can still satisfy the requirement of fulfilling proper gender roles as long as one of the men agrees to wear a dress and properly submit .
Or the ex-gay activists who argue that same - sex sexual attraction is naturally occurring , but that the Christian thing to do is to resist it through intensive ( and sometimes expensive ) “ therapy ” .
Or the deeply religious woman who received breast augmentation surgery before her fiancee ( or any man , for that matter ) had ever seen her naked , because unnaturally augmenting the body that God gave you is actually a sign of ultimate love and devotion , as long as you hand that body directly over to your husband .
The “ unnatural ” aspect of Breast Implants for Jesus does n’t concern me — - it ’s the completely bizarre attempt to justify plastic surgery through scripture that sets my bullshit meter off .
Not because I ’m interested in upholding the sanctity of the Christian church , but because Breast Implants for Jesus reminds me a whole lot of a bullshit justification closer to my heart — - Breast Implants for Feminism .
While social conservatives are latching onto the performance model of gender , post - feminists ( some of whom just call themselves “ feminists ” ) are taking the opposite tactic — - arguing that our performances of masculinity and femininity are a matter of individual choices and preferences .
So whenever a woman “ chooses her choice ” that happens to fulfill these gender roles — - even if it involves painful and invasive surgery of the boob — - her choice is necessarily an empowering move that can’t possibly inspire a larger feminist critique of the culture that informs that choice .
I Blame the Patriarchy calls this justification - happy post - feminist the “ empowerful woman “ :
Today ’s woman is n’t a feminist .
She does n’t need to be , because she ’s empowered .
She may only earn 3 / 4 of what a man earns , but she damn well has the empower to look sexy doing it in her cheapcrap push - up bra from Victoria ’s Secret .
She has the empower to demand pink products from manufacturers .
She has the empower to cry out ‘ I did it for me !’ when she gets her boob job ; maybe she even has the empower to believe it .
The empowerful woman is saucy , yet feminine .
Clever , yet feminine .
In her early thirties , yet feminine .
Heterosexual , yet feminine .
Stays in shape eating Lean Cuisine and sweating blue Gatorade while kickboxing in slow motion , yet feminine .
Yes , the empowerful woman is many things .
Too bad powerful is n’t one of them .
That ’s because feminine is all of them .
The way I see it , the difference between Dr. Laura ’s traditional wife and post - feminism ’s “ empowerful woman ” is that the empowerful woman does n’t admit that her performance of femininity is in the service of pleasing a specific man .
The empowerful woman does n’t perform femininity to please her man — - she performs femininity “ for herself . ”
And so while Dr. Laura openly admonishes women for not feeling feminine for themselves for their husbands , the empowerful woman conveniently fends off any arguments that feeling feminine “ for herself ” actually has a lot to do with how our larger social structure feels about women .
I ’m afraid that the real difference emerging between Breast Implants for Jesus and Breast Implants for Feminism is that the latter is just less honest than the former .
The cult of Dr. Laura at least recognizes that a woman ’s work often really sucks .
That ’s not to say that feminism should shame the woman who is traditionally feminine , or who gets breast implants , or who spends her days thinking sexual thoughts in order to steel herself for her husband ’s penis .
Feminism should , though , work to encourage that woman to :
( a ) stop feeling that her gender and sexuality requires a lot of unnecessary work in order to please people like Dr. Laura ;
( b ) realize that gender performance is highly valued in our culture , and to stop feeling like she has to justify her gender performance as a completely independent choice ;
( c ) understand that living in the patriarchy while refusing to justify it is going to require a whole lot of cognitive dissonance , but hey , it ’s better than lying to yourself ;
and ( d ) just consider the possibility that you ’re really getting Breast Implants for the Patriarchy .
An overseas holiday used to be thought of as a reward for a year 's hard work .
Now Brussels has declared that tourism is a human right and pensioners , youths and those too poor to afford it should have their travel subsidized by the taxpayer .
Under the scheme , British pensioners could be given cut - price trips to Spain , while Greek teenagers could be taken around disused mills in Manchester to experience the cultural diversity of Europe .
The idea for the subsidized tours is the brainchild of Antonio Tajani , the European Union commissioner for enterprise and industry , who was appointed by Silvio Berlusconi , the Italian prime minister .
The scheme , which could cost hundreds of millions of dollars a year , is intended to promote a sense of pride in European culture , bridge the north - south divide in the continent and prop up resorts in their off - season .
Tajani , who unveiled his plan last week at a ministerial conference in Madrid , believes the days when holidays were a luxury have gone .
" Travelling for tourism today is a right .
The way we spend our holidays is a formidable indicator of our quality of life , " he said .
Tajani , who used to be transport commissioner , said he had been able to " affirm the rights of passengers " in his previous office and the next step was to ensure people ’s " right to be tourists . "
Click here to read more on this story from the Sunday Times .
A look at the World Cup through the eyes of an American sports fan trying to help his brethren make sense of it .
Winston the dog has no problem with people .
But he cannot stand police cars , specifically their bumpers .
On March 14 , while lying in wait for speeding motorists , a Chattanooga , Tenn. , police officer felt his vehicle bouncing around .
Soon he realized Winston was attacking the front bumper .
A second unit was brought in to document the assault ( which can be seen in the video above and here ) .
The use of a Taser did not stop the animal , but eventually the boxer - bull mix was apprehended and taken into custody at the McKamey Animal Shelter where he was held for two weeks .
On Thursday Winston was reunited with his family , the Emerlings , who paid $ 200 in fees .
City Court Judge Sherry Paty acknowledged that the violent attack did not happen to any people but insisted that the Emerlings take Winston to at least two obedience classes so that this behavior could be quelled before others were injured .
Published online 23 May 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.258
News
Past climate change led to lower diversity in the small and furry .
The adaptable deer mouse spread through northern California at the end of the Pleistocene era .
Gerry Ellis / Minden Pictures / FLPA
The period of global warming linked to the extinction of animal giants such as the woolly mammoth also made its mark on smaller mammals who survived the event .
Adaptable deer mice came to dominate the small furry communities of northern California as the climate warmed at the end of the last ice age , around 11,700 years ago , an excavation of one ancient woodrat nest shows .
Overall , the number of small mammalian species in the area declined by about one - third , say Jessica Blois , currently at the University of Wisconsin , Madison , and her colleagues .
The study , published today in Nature1 , emphasizes that concentrating solely on eye - catching species extinctions fails to capture the full impact of climate change on biodiversity .
" If we focus only on extinction , we 're not getting the whole story , " says Blois .
The work also suggests that rapidly reproducing , adaptable species — such as the deer mice — could benefit further from future warming .
Tales from rodent nests
The end of the Pleistocene era is famous for its megafauna extinctions , and researchers have been searching for megafaunal remains for at least a century .
One of many sites at which such remains have been found is the Samwell Cave along a drainage basin in Shasta County , California — the site of the current study .
Blois 's team , however , looked for evidence of diversity in smaller creatures .
" We were mainly interested in small mammals , the guys that survived the extinction event , " she says .
The researchers picked through fossilized woodrat nests , called middens , which have been well preserved in caves .
Woodrats collect scat and pellets containing , among other things , small mammalian bones , which carnivores such as eagles , owls and foxes have defecated or regurgitated .
" You just have to find the midden , and animals have already done all the work for us , " says Blois .
" The carnivores sample and the woodrats collect the dead and digested animals . "
Sifting through the biological debris , the authors found ample evidence of changes in species diversity that occurred thousands of years ago .
They measured this diversity in two ways : by ' richness ' , the number of different species present ; and ' evenness ' , the relative dominance of certain species over others .
Some of the larger specimens from the Samwell Cave Popcorn Dome deposits .
Rodent teeth are shown as the upper teeth in Level IVb .
Jessica Blois
Pleistocene communities had fewer species considered rare , so were significantly more even than today's .
But Blois 's team found that in northern California , richness locally declined by 32 % .
This was partly due to the disappearance from the area of two species : the Mazama pocket gopher and the mountain beaver , both of which left for cooler climes elsewhere .
From genetic data and tooth morphology , Blois surmised that the Mazama pocket gopher had been the dominant gopher species in the past .
But there was a large gopher turnover around the end of the Pleistocene , and by about 6,000 years ago Botta 's pocket gopher was the only gopher species in the region .
It remains so today .
Meanwhile , the number of native deer mice ( Peromyscus ) in the fossil deposits nearly doubled between 16,000 and 13,000 years ago , contributing to a 26 % drop in evenness .
Because Peromyscus mice are habitat generalists with high reproduction rates and broad climate tolerances , Blois speculates that these mice were better able to deal with disturbances .
Climate and diversity
To connect these changes in diversity with climate , the authors compared their small - mammal data with global oxygen - isotope numbers .
They found that declines in both evenness and richness correlated strongly with climate warming — providing " the unequivocal link between climatic changes and decreases in biodiversity " , according to David Nogués - Bravo of the Center for Macroecology , Evolution and Climate at the University of Copenhagen .
Last month , Nogués - Bravo and his co-workers reported on climate predictors of extinctions2 , showing that , in general , continents that experienced greater magnitudes of climate change witnessed more extinctions .
Blois 's study is regional and looks at changes in surviving species , but Nogués - Bravo says that both papers point to climate change during the late Pleistocene as the primary driver of diversity changes .
Previous work on plants and microbes has shown that richer and more even communities recover more rapidly from perturbations .
" Past diversity declines mean that the mammal communities we see around us today may already be at a disadvantage in terms of their resilience to climate change and other human impacts , " Blois says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Future climate projections show a warmer and possibly drier California , which may mean a further boost for mouse numbers .
But some habitats will be lost , likely taking with them other small mammals and the ecosystem functions that they serve .
Gophers , for example , act as ecosystem engineers , mixing and aerating soil and cycling nutrients between the surface and below ground as they dig their burrows ; whereas northern flying squirrels spread fungal spores when they dig for truffles .
" The mice are n't able to fulfil all those roles , " Blois says .
" There 's no one super animal in the community who can perform all those functions . "
There are foods we eat only out of sheer nostalgia .
Foods that , like cigarettes , probably take a sliver of your life away every time you consume them .
But really ?
Totally worth it .
Not only because they taste ( for the most part ) like what you remember from childhood , but because eating them again is like crawling under the afghan that your parents kept on that old couch you have n't seen ( or sat on ) for years .
It 's like time travel , yummy - style .
This is by no means a definitive list , since the number of dishes best served young is wide and varied -- but still , there are some delicacies that seem universal to generations X , Y , and Z .
Or at least should be .
10 . Banquet Pot Pies
Not all pot pies , mind you -- the Banquet versions , the ones in the tiny little tins with the sauced - up mixed vegetables that taste like a lunchroom floor .
Oh , but what a tasty lunchroom floor ... mushy peas , and in a pastry shell with burnededges .
Completely edible , utterly comfortable , and a clear invitation to unfold a tray and eat dinner in front of the TV .
9 . Any Sugary Cereal
A wide category , to be sure -- but really , aside from remembering sugar - fueled cartoon Saturdays , is there really all that much reason to still eat this stuff now and then ?
You use Splendain your coffee , and you buy sugarless gum , and then you eat Corn Pops ?
It makes no sense , really ... unless maybe , just maybe , you use Splenda and choose sugarless gum in order to eat Corn Pops , Cookie Crisp or Crunchberries .
In which case , well done .
Well done .
8. Little Caesar's Pizza
Why was Little Caesar 's popular when you were a kid ?
Because your parents ' got two pizzas for the price of one , and were willing to sacrifice the roof of your mouth to Little Caesar 's razor - like cornmeal dust in order to save some cash .
This dynamic of sacrifice still holds true in adulthood -- only it 's you saving the $ 10 now , moneybags .
7. Le Sueur Peas Sweet , sweet Le Sueur Peas ; they 're almost like not eating peas .
No , that 's not their brand slogan , but for kids , it probably should be .
Wet and delicate and mushy -- this is vegetable candy .
As an adult , you love them for the same reason , really -- that is , if you can put it out of your mind that " la sueur " is French for sweat .
Which ruins it all .
6 . Tater Tots
There 's no denying that these are just plain yummy .
But really , " tot " is right there in the name .
They 're like little puffs of hash brown heaven , made for kids who have n't yet mastered the French fry .
Sort of sad , really .
But fry up a five - pound bag of them for a party sometime and there 'll be none left , guaranteed .
5 . Kraft Mac & Cheese Granted , this stuff just tastes good , but so did baby food , and you do n't see many of us still eating that with a tiny spoon .
No , the reason that boxed Mac & Cheese still gets made is that your Mom used to make it , and it was probably the first thing you learned to cook in college , to boot .
The best thing about making boxed Mac & Cheese as an adult ?
There 's no one to keep you from licking the orange powder residue out of the packet .
Booyah , mom !
We 're also running with scissors and eating raw cookie dough .
( Do n't feel like a complete failure , though - - we are wearing clean underpants .
Well , most of us . )
4. Dinty Moore Beef Stew Smooth cubes of potato , soft disks of carrot , wilted slivers of celery , unspecific gravy , and something approaching meat : that 's DintyMoore , baby .
And yeah , I do n't care what that meat is really made of .
I 've eaten it before , and I 'll eat it again .
Gimme some .
3. Manwich
Granted , the word " man " is explicit in the title of this long - standing sloppy - joe sauce -- but that 's more an ad - campaign come - on in order for them to be able to say " Make it a Manwich night " without any irony or sexual overtones whatsoever .
Ironically it's that same irony / urban dictionary reference that makes this still a valid dinnertime selection in adulthood .
2. McNuggets
We know that these are awful .
They 're deep fried processed globs of questionable chicken meat -- and really , we all realize that even assuming that it 's chicken is an act of faith alone .
And the dipping sauces ?
Well , there 's sugary BBQ , sugary Sweet & Sour , or you could just give up pretending that it 's not supposed to be sweet and just go with Honey .
But damned if we do n't buy these at least once a year , just because they " sound good . "
And really , they do n't " sound good . "
Sometimes , adults are just sad , and they need a meal that at least gets close to Happy .
McNuggets are the closest that adults can get .
1. Campbell 's Alphabet Soup
Yes , there are better soups out there , but nothing really comes close to the warmth of a bowl of Campbell's .
You can somehow taste the red and white label , and it tastes like kindergarten .
And you can spell stuff too-- the only difference is that as you get older , the stuff you spell out gets increasingly profane .
Mm , mm , good , indeed .
Tampa , Fla . ( May 24 , 2010 ) - The timing of umbilical cord clamping at birth should be delayed just a few minutes longer , suggest researchers at the University of South Florida 's Center of Excellence for Aging and Brain Repair .
Delaying clamping the umbilical cord for a slightly longer period of time allows more umbilical cord blood volume to transfer from mother to infant and , with that critical period extended , many good physiological " gifts " are transferred through ' nature 's first stem cell transplant ' occurring at birth .
The USF review is published in a recent issue of the Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine ( 14:3 ) .
" Several clinical studies have shown that delaying clamping the umbilical cord not only allows more blood to be transferred but helps prevent anemia as well , " said the paper 's lead author Dr. Paul Sanberg , director of the Center .
" Cord blood also contains many valuable stem cells , making this transfer of stem cells a process that might be considered ' the original stem cell transplant ' . "
At birth , the placenta and umbilical cord start contracting and pumping blood toward the newborn .
After the blood equilibrates , the cord 's pulse ceases and blood flow from mother to newborn stops .
In recent Western medical practice , early clamping -- from 30 seconds to one minute after birth -- remains the most common practice among obstetricians and midwives , perhaps because the benefits of delaying clamping have not been clear .
However , waiting for more than a minute , or until the cord stops pulsating , may be beneficial , the authors said .
Birthing methods have also changed over the last century .
Throughout human history and currently in cultures and areas where delivering mothers squat to deliver , gravity helps speed the stem cell transfer .
Today , the cord may be clamped early for a number of reasons , including the medical resuscitation and stabilizing of infants or the notion that delaying clamping might lead to adverse effects or , more recently , to quickly facilitate umbilical cord banking .
According to study co-author Dr. Dong - Hyuk Park , the relationship between cord clamping time and the transfer of stem cells needs to be understood through the early weeks of the perinatal period and the process of ' hematopoiesis , ' the formation of blood cells that begins as early as two weeks into pregnancy .
A transfer of pluripotent stems cells continues throughout pregnancy , however , and for a time through the umbilical cord following delivery .
" Several randomized , controlled trials , systematic reviews and meta- analyses have compared the effects of late versus early cord clamping , " said Dr. Park .
" In pre-term infants , delaying clamping the cord for at least 30 seconds reduced incidences of intraventricular hemorrhage , late on - set sepsis , anemia , and decreased the need for blood transfusions . "
Another potential benefit of delayed cord clamping is to ensure that the baby can receive the complete retinue of clotting factors .
Yet , there is debate and disagreement on early versus later clamping .
The side favoring delayed clamping , the authors noted , cite the value of the infant 's receiving umbilical cord blood ( UCB ) - derived stem cells , known to be pluripotent .
" The virtue of the unique and immature features of cord blood , including their ability to differentiate , are well known , " added Dr. Sanberg .
The researchers concluded that many common disorders in newborns related to the immaturity of organ systems may receive benefits from delayed clamping .
These may include : respiratory distress ; anemia ; sepsis ; intraventricular haemorrhage ; and periventricular leukomalacia .
They also speculate that other health problems , such as chronic lung disease , prematurity apneas and retinopathy of prematurity , may also be affected by a delay in cord blood clamping .
" There remains no consensus among scientists and clinicians on cord clamping and proper cord blood collection , " concluded co-author and obstetrician Dr. Stephen Klasko , senior vice president of USF Health and dean of the USF College of Medicine .
" The most important thing is to avoid losing valuable stems cells during and just after delivery . "
The authors agreed that delaying cord clamping should appropriately be delayed for pre-term babies and babies born where there is no effort to bank umbilical cords , and for babies born where there is limited access to health care and where nutrition may be poor .
###
Facebook suffered yet another attack on its privacy practices this week when a number of privacy watchdogs sent letters to Congress and the Federal Trade Commission asking for an investigation .
Facebook suffered another attack on its privacy practices this week when a number of privacy watchdogs sent letters to Congress and the Federal Trade Commission asking for an investigation .
The groups said they have serious concerns over Facebook 's new privacy policy , and the subject of other complaints , including at the end of April .
The complaint with the FTC was accompanied by a letter to Congress pleading for it to push the FTC into an investigation of the company .
" Facebook continues to manipulate the privacy settings of users and its own privacy policy so that it can take personal information provided by users for a limited purpose and make it widely available for commercial purposes , " the letter to Congress read .
" The company has done this repeatedly and users are becoming increasingly angry and frustrated . "
Specifically , the groups objected to Facebook 's new requirement that users designate personal information as publicly linkable Links , Pages , or Connections .
Even opting out of those settings - a confusing and laborious process , the groups said - still revealed that information on friend pages and on Facebook partners that the site connects to , such as Yelp .
The groups also wrote that clicking a " Like " button on a third - party Web site allows that site access to a user 's personal information , something that is not fully disclosed to the user .
Interestingly , the complaint also serves as a detailed step - by - step tutorial for opting out of the private information the groups said they 're concerned about .
The letter to Congress openly worried that the FTC either lacked the power or the motivation to pursue questions of privacy at Facebook and other companies , and urged Congress to more closely monitor the agency , as per its oversight obligations .
The complaint was filed by fifteen groups , including : The Electronic Privacy Information Center , the Bill of Rights Defense Committee , the Center for Digital Democracy , the Center for Financial Privacy and Human Rights , the Center for Media and Democracy , the Consumer Federation of America , the Consumer Task Force for Automotive Issues , Consumer Watchdog , the Foolproof Initiative , Patient Privacy Rights , Privacy Activism , Privacy Journal , the Privacy Rights Clearing House , the United States Bill of Rights Foundation , and U.S. PIRG .
Ten privacy groups also filed a similar privacy complaint against Facebook in Dec. 2009 [ corrected ] .
Should the US government , based on international and domestic law , cut military aid and cease the transfer of weapons to Israel ?
( Luay Sababa / MaanImages )
USA
Some of the report ’s 39 recommendations have drawn harsh criticism .
The Simon Wiesenthal Center declared in a 22 February action alert that “ adoption of this poisonous document by the Presbyterian Church will be nothing short of a declaration of war on Israel and her supporters ” ( “ Presbyterian Church USA Ready to Declare War Against Israel : Take Action Now ” ) .
Such attacks make exaggerated claims and misrepresent the recommendations .
The Committee ’s intent is not to make war but rather peace .
One factually misleading claim is the Simon Wiesenthal Center ’s assertion that “ the report calls for the US to withhold financial and military aid to Israel . ”
In fact , the report “ calls on the US government to exercise strategically its international influence , including the possible withholding of military aid as a means of bringing Israel to compliance with international law and peacemaking efforts ” ( p.53 ) .
As one can easily see , the Committee ’s recommendation is nuanced and calls on withholding military aid as a last resort .
Within this context it is appropriate to consider whether the US government , based on international and domestic law , should cut military aid and cease the transfer of weapons to Israel .
According to the International Law Commission ( ILC ) , the official UN body that codifies customary international law , “ A State which aids or assists another State in the commission of an internationally wrongful act by the latter is internationally responsible for doing so if : ( a ) that State does so with knowledge of the circumstances of the internationally wrongful act ; and ( b ) the act would be internationally wrongful if committed by that State ” ( Article 16 of the International Law Commission , “ Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts , ” ( 2001 ) which were commended by the General Assembly , A / RES / 56/83 ) .
In other words , if you knowingly help someone commit a crime , you are also liable for that crime .
The ILC states that international law also “ prohibits conduct that involves patterns of blatant abuse and complicity in such a pattern of blatant abuse . ”
According to Amnesty International , since 2001 , the US has been by far the major supplier of conventional arms to Israel .
Also since 2001 , Israel launched military invasions of Lebanon and Gaza , causing extensive loss of civilian human life and destruction of property , including homes ( “ Fueling conflict : foreign arms supplies to Israel / Gaza , ” Amnesty International , February 2009 , p.21 ) .
Section 502B of the US Foreign Assistance
Act stipulates that “ no security assistance may be provided to any country the government of which engages in a consistent pattern of gross violations of internationally recognized human rights ” and section 4 of the Arms Export Control Act authorizes the supply of US military equipment and training only for lawful purposes of internal security , “ legitimate self - defense , ” or participation in United Nations peacekeeping operations or other operations consistent with the UN Charter .
Since the US government gives no military assistance to any of the Palestinian resistance groups , the question with regard to US military aid and transfer of weapons applies only to Israel .
And with regard to Israel , the UN - commissioned Goldstone report found that the Israeli forces in Gaza committed grave breaches of the Fourth Geneva Convention which included willful killing , torture or inhuman treatment , willfully causing great suffering or serious injury to body or health , extensive destruction of property and use of human shields .
Other findings were that the Israeli forces committed a series of acts that deprive Palestinians of their means of subsistence , employment , housing and water , that deny their freedom of movement and their right to leave and enter their own country , that limit their rights to access a court of law and an effective remedy and that these findings could lead a competent court to find that the crime against humanity were committed .
A particularly abhorrent use by Israel of weapons provided to it by the US government is the use of white phosphorous which when it comes into contact with skin burns deeply through muscle and bone , continuing to burn until deprived of oxygen .
It can contaminate other parts of the victim ’s body or even those treating the injuries , as documented by Amnesty International .
Moreover its use in civilian areas is prohibited under international law .
Based on international and domestic US laws , and the Goldstone report ’s finding that Israel committed grave breaches of the Fourth Geneva Convention , the US government , in providing military aid and the transfer of arms to Israel , has violated its responsibility not to participate in the internationally wrongful acts of another state .
With these observations in mind , I personally believe that the recommendation of the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) Middle East Study Committee to withhold military aid to Israel as a last resort — in attempting to enforce international law vis-a - vis the occupation of Palestinian territories and the human rights violations against the Palestinians — is a mild statement , indeed .
Particularly so in light of Amnesty International ’s “ calling on the UN , notably the Security Council , to impose an immediate , comprehensive arms embargo on all parties to the conflict , and on all states to take action individually to impose national embargoes on any arms or weapons transfers to the parties to the conflict until there is no longer a substantial risk that such arms or weapons could be used to commit serious violations of international law . ”
As the Middle East Study Committee states , “ We deeply value our relationships with Jews and Muslims in the United States , Israel and the predominantly Muslim countries of the Middle East .
Yet the bonds of friendship must neither prevent us from speaking nor limit our empathy for the suffering of others .
Inaction and silence on our part enable actions we oppose and consequences we grieve . ”
N H Gordon is a professor of statistics and member of the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) Middle East Study Committee .
Professor Gordon , a life - long Presbyterian and currently a church Elder , is a Palestinian - American who experienced , first hand , the 1948 Palestinian Nakba as a child .
Michelle Obama
First Lady Of The United States
Today , America is facing an unprecedented crisis , and what 's at stake is nothing less than the health of our children , and with it , the future of our country .
As long as I serve this nation as first lady , I will bring as much attention as possible to childhood obesity , because I truly believe that if we do n't work together and devote more resources toward solving this problem , today 's overweight toddlers will become tomorrow 's fat fucks .
Advertisement
Imagine , a nation of fat fucks .
It saddens me to even think about it .
The statistics are sobering : One - third of American children are overweight or obese , which means that , if this trend is not reversed , one in three will develop into fat fucks .
Pediatricians tell us they 're now seeing kids with high blood pressure , high cholesterol , even type 2 diabetes — a disease once found only in fat - fuck adults .
Advertisement
Worst of all , the current generation may live shorter lives than its parents due to the health risks associated with being a lard - ass .
But numbers never tell the story the way an individual can .
That 's why I 've been traveling across the nation , talking with parents and educators , and , more importantly , seeing for myself some of these kids most at risk of turning into colossal tubs of shit .
Advertisement
The other day I visited a class of fourth - graders in Nebraska .
When the bell rang for recess , a group of tubby boys made a dash for the door , their doughy man-titties flapping every which way .
Were they excited to head outdoors for fresh air and exercise ?
No , they ran straight for the snack machines , and winded though they were , those chubsters polished off a dozen Ho - Ho's in no time flat , stuffing their mouths faster than kids I 've met in Haitian refugee camps .
Later , I got the chance to speak with a beautiful young girl whose bulbous waddle conjured the familiar sound of kettledrums : BOM - Bom !
BOM - Bom ! BOM - Bom !
I took her pudgy hand , looked her in the eyes , and asked , " Sweetheart , do you want to grow up to be a fat fuck like your fat - fuck mom ? "
Advertisement
When she started crying , I knew my message had gotten through .
Thirty years ago , things were different .
Maybe one blubbo here or there would come back from summer vacation bursting at the seams .
Or a slender young woman would leave for college , lose control of her diet , and quickly spiral into a blue - ribbon sow .
Advertisement
But if no one teaches today 's toddlers that they do n't have to sidle up to the feed trough every five seconds , we 'll soon have an entire generation of roly - poly fucking butter beans on every bed in every goddamn hospital .
Now , some may say it's all too easy for the first lady of the United States to sound the fat - fuck alarm ; after all , the White House has its own chef .
But just a few years ago , my daughters ' doctor told me I might want to consider making some changes .
And that got me thinking : " You know what , Michelle ?
She 's right .
You do n't want your girls turning into a pair of fat fucking beefsteaks . "
Advertisement
It 's this kind of mindset , along with health - education initiatives and improved school - lunch programs , that will help our country end its fat - fuck epidemic for good .
But we must act quickly , not only for our children , but also for the sake of national security .
Right now , being a disgusting , greasy fat fuck is the No. 1 reason recruits are rejected from the U.S. military .
If America is to maintain its strategic advantage , we parents will have to start doing more than throwing our little chunks in front of the Xbox and hoping the visual stimulation will be enough to jump - start their triglyceride - encrusted hearts .
Advertisement
While we might not get there during my husband 's presidency , I believe that , together , we can put an end to fat fuckdom by 2020 .
But it 's going to take the efforts of everyone — government , businesses , families sitting down to dinner — to purge our nation of its wide - load , flabby - assed porkers and make a genuine difference in our kids ' lives .
I wish I could do it all myself , but if I have to teach another group of sweaty , wheezing fat fucks how to plant an organic vegetable garden , I swear to God I 'm going to fucking puke .
exactly what you want to see first thing in the morning
Bravo , Tim Horton’s
The Bubble Chamber is a generative painting system of imaginary colliding particles built with Processing .
A single super - massive collision produces a discrete universe of four particle types .
Particles draw their positions over time resulting in the construction of oddly familiar patterns .
Choose your rendering environment wisely ( Java applet ) :
Now it would be remiss of me to suggest that only foreign travelers are wankers .
In fact , if I 've learned nothing else from travel it's that wankerism is a worldwide problem in need of a worldwide solution .
Like global warming .
Or hipsters .
The owner of the China Box hostel in Beijing is probably the greatest human being alive .
He makes the Dalai Lama look like Hitler .
And it ’s not just because he ’s friendly and helpful and funny .
He also takes care of loads of cats , including a runt kitten we nicknamed ‘ Frailsy ’ .
I trust men who have a fondness for cats .
In my experience men who do n’t like cats are typically bogans .
And possibly sex offenders , though to be fair that is largely speculation .
The only annoying thing about this God amongst men , posing as a mild mannered hostel manager , is that he has put a kink in my prejudice forming habits .
If it has n’t become obvious yet , I ’m the tiniest bit misanthropic .
My approach to friendships is stolen directly from Daniel Kitson , the comedian who in my opinion is what Jesus would be like if he existed .
Beard inclusive .
His feelings are essentially “ I have a maximum of 3 friends at any given time on principle .
And even then , Chris is a c*nt . ”
So forging lifelong friendships is n’t a strong point , and the types of people I ’ve met traveling have given me little reason to work on this .
They have however displayed similar enough characteristics for me to lump them into grossly generalized groups , under the umbrella of ‘ travel wankers ’ .
Now it would be remiss of me to suggest that only foreign travelers are wankers .
In fact , if I ’ve learned nothing else from travel it ’s that wankerism is a worldwide problem in need of a worldwide solution .
Like global warming .
Or hipsters .
But while being a ‘ nothing as a second language ’ traveller has probably left me experience and money poorer , it ’s also provided me with an excellent invisible wanker forcefield , enabling me to pass off any local wankerism as merely ‘ cultural misunderstanding ’ .
But back to the wankers at hand ( pun intended ) .
The first group I like to call Matthew McCoughnabees , largely because of their penchant for shirtlessness .
I ’m ok with shirtless near a body of water .
I ’m even ok with shirtless on an outdoor excursion if things get a bit hot ( though I reserve the right to laugh when you get malaria ) .
I ’m NOT ok with shirtless when you ’re hanging out in the communal lounge where I ’m forced to eat my breakfast .
They also tend to climb around temples and ruins like they ’re Dr Livingstone rather than just waiting for the elderly Korean tour group to each get an individual photo in front of the smiling Buddha like the rest of us .
Next up is the CSM , or creepy single male traveler .
These come in two forms .
The first is a little scarier .
He just seems to sit around the hostel , not doing anything .
Just sitting and watching .
Not even speaking .
Or at least not speaking until you leave the room , at which point he has a torrent of questions to ask your newly alone girlfriend .
Where are you from ?
How long are you staying here ?
What kind of drink would you like your Rohypnol slipped into ?
I ’m joking obviously .
They do n’t care where you ’re from .
The second type of CSM is less terrifying but more annoying .
He ’s the guy who ’s decided to go it alone , but it ’s dawned on him that this can be a solitary experience , and he ’s looking for a host couple he can attach to and suck the life out of .
Preferably at the beginning of a 8 hour trip to the Great Wall where there can be no escape .
It would n’t be so terrible if not for the fact that these CSM ’s typically are painfully awkward conversationalists .
I ’m certainly no Oscar Wilde , but at least I only force my brand of incoherent male awfulness on my partner .
And anyone unfortunate enough to be reading this .
The most common wanker , and therefore the most irritating is the tight arse Euro .
You may recognize them standing in front of you in line , making you late for the only English speaking tour as they yell at the ticket lady for not accepting their student ID card which would drastically reduce the admission cost from $ 1 to 75 cents .
This might be unlikely though because regardless of how long you stay in a place they never actually seem to leave the hostel .
They always sleep in dorms but are under the mistaken impression that the $ 5 they ’ve paid includes a monopoly over any communal TV or computer that might be on offer .
And they tend to look at you as if you ’re an impostor simply because you ’d rather not share a bathroom with 50 other people all wearing ‘ I went tubing at Vang Vieng ’ singlets and representing as a group what I imagine is every entry in the STI encyclopedia .
As with any poorly thought through stereotyping , there are exceptions to the rule other than my cat loving amigo .
I met one of the funniest guys I ’ve known on a cruise in Vietnam .
We shared a table with an English and an American couple in Beijing who were both endearingly lovely .
And along the way there have been people in most places who I could see myself being friends with back home .
But these are brief moments in time .
The nature of travel means you are constantly moving on and usually in different directions .
Regardless of how good that initial encounter may be , it ’s kind of weird to ask someone you ’ve known for an hour if you can have their details because you think you ’re going to be best friends forever .
At least it felt weird at the time .
As you may have noticed there is one glaring admission from my list of wankers .
We all know of them .
They go overseas and become immediately self righteous and judgy , if they were n’t already .
They look down on their fellow travelers , calling them names and criticising any behaviour that differs from their own , all the while oblivious to the fact that the most colossal wanker of all is staring back at them in the mirror .
They probably even write long winded entries on other blogs narcissistically listing everyone else ’s bad habits .
But thankfully , I have n’t run into any of them yet .
Knock on wood .
( Visited 228 times , 1 visits today )
Last week , I switched the Overgrowth physics engine from ODE ( Open Dynamics Engine ) to Bullet .
This prompted a few questions from blog readers .
What are ODE and Bullet ?
Why did we switch ?
Why were n't we using Bullet from the start ?
What are ODE and Bullet ?
ODE and Bullet are both open - source physics engines .
What are physics engines ?
To put it simply , physics engines track all of the physically - active objects in the game , and take into account gravity , collisions , and other constraints to determine how each object 's position and orientation changes from one frame to the next .
The " open - source " part is important for two reasons .
First , it makes cross- platform development a lot easier .
For example , the public SDKs for Havok and PhysX do n't currently work on Mac and Linux , and without the source code , there 's nothing that users can do about it .
Second , with source - code access , users can change anything that is n't working just how they want , and then submit their improvements so that others can use them as well .
Why did we switch from ODE to Bullet ?
Open Dynamics
Engine has been used in a number of well - known games since 2001 , including STALKER and World of Goo .
It is powerful and well - documented .
So why did we switch ?
Simply because Bullet is now faster , more accurate , and more fully - featured .
When I tried dropping four hundred boxes on the Overgrowth " desert fort " scene , Bullet performed the simulation twice as fast as ODE did , even without Bullet 's optional performance features like multi- threading and OpenCL .
One of the factors in its speed is its use of Sony 's newly open - sourced SIMD vector math library , which you can find here if you 'd like to use it separately .
I say Bullet is more accurate because it provides stable results without as many compromises .
In ODE , I often had to use soft constraint - force - mixing parameters in order to prevent complex systems from exploding , which gave collisions a slightly squishy appearance .
Bullet seems to handle hard constraints reliably without any visible softening .
Bullet also supports several features that ODE does n't have yet , including native convex hull support .
Convex hulls are essentially just 3D shapes that have a well - defined inside and outside ( created by a set of infinite planes ) .
In games , these are used to define every physics object that is not a standard primitive like a box , sphere or capsule .
In Overgrowth we will need high - quality convex hull simulation for weapons and other irregularly - shaped props , so this was a big win for Bullet .
So given all these advantages ...
Why were n't we using Bullet from the start ?
I wrote the physics wrapper for the Phoenix engine a couple years ago , back when Bullet was still quite immature -- it had only recently added support for constraints and motors .
Eventually it started to become clear that Bullet was improving faster than ODE , but I was holding off because ODE was already working well in the engine , and I kept hearing that it would take a long time to switch because of Bullet 's spotty documentation .
One great thing about ODE is its excellent documentation , especially the online manual .
Even though I had written some basic physics engines before , it was a daunting task to figure out how to use a third - party rigid body dynamics library ; there are a lot of basic concepts that are not particularly intuitive .
For example , collision shapes are different from rigid bodies , and giant immobile objects have a mass of 0 .
Without good documentation , it would have been more difficult to figure out the patterns behind how large - scale rigid body physics engines work .
Bullet , on the other hand , evolves too fast to have great documentation -- as soon as someone writes nice comments or detailed wiki pages , they are out of date , and worse than having no documentation at all .
However , since it 's open - source , I do n't think this is as big of a problem as people say .
When porting the Overgrowth physics from ODE to Bullet , I mostly just looked at the source code of the demos and libraries to find out what was going on .
Bullet also has a great forum that is frequented by the developers , who provide quick answers to any appropriately specific questions .
To summarize
We switched from ODE to Bullet because it 's faster , more accurate , and supports important features like convex hulls .
On the other hand , starting with a stable , documented physics library like ODE may have given me the experience I needed to be able to understand and use a more rapidly - changing physics library like Bullet .
Do any of you have experience using ODE or Bullet , or have any further questions about them ?
i
i
i
x i+1 = ( l i +u i ) /
2
( l i+1 , u i+1 ) = ( l i , x i+1 ) if f( x i+1 ) >0
( l i+1 , u i+1 ) = ( x i+1 , u i ) otherwise
0
0
i+1
i
i
i
i
i
> import Ratio > infixl 6 .* > ivt0 :: ( Float -> Float ) ->
Float > ivt0 f = ivt ' 0 1 where > ivt ' l u = > let z = 0.5 *( l+u ) > in if z==l || z==u || f z == 0 > then z > else if f z < 0 > then ivt ' z u > else ivt ' l z
> f0 , g0 :: Float -> Float > f0 x = 3 * x - 1 > g0 x = 2*x -1
ivt0 f0
ivt0 f1
f ( ivt f ) == 0
Float
f x == 0
Float
Float
i
i
> data R = R { runR :: Integer -> Rational }
> instance Show R where > show ( R f ) = show ( fromRational ( f 30 ) :: Float )
Float
> instance Fractional R where > fromRational x = R $ const $ fromRational x
Eq
Num
> instance Eq R where >
R f == R g = eq ' 2 0 f g where > eq ' delta i f g = > let fi = f i > gi = g i > in if fi<gi - delta > then False > else if fi>gi+delta > then False > else eq ' ( delta /2 ) ( i+1 ) f g
f i
g i
f
g
Ord
compare
> instance Ord R where > compare ( R f ) ( R g ) = compare ' 2 0 f g where > compare ' delta i f g = > let fi = f i > gi = g i > in if fi<gi - delta > then LT > else if fi>gi+delta > then GT > else compare ' ( delta / 2 ) ( i+1 ) f g
min
max
> min ( R f ) ( R g ) = R $ \i -> min ( f i ) ( g i ) > max ( R f ) ( R g ) = R $ \i -> max ( f i ) ( g i )
> instance Num R where > fromInteger n = R $ const $ fromInteger n > R f + R g = R $ \i -> let j = i+1 in f j + g j > negate ( R f ) = R $ negate .
f
> x .* R f = R $ mul x x f where > mul x x ' f i | abs x ' < 1 = x * f i > | otherwise = mul x ( x ' / 2 ) f ( i+1 )
ivt1
> ivt1 :: ( R -> R ) -> R > ivt1 f = R $ \i -> ivt ' 0 1 i where > ivt ' :: Rational -> Rational -> Integer -> Rational > ivt ' x y i = > let z = ( 1%2 ) *( x+y ) > in if i==0 > then z > else if f ( fromRational z ) < 0 > then ivt ' z y ( i - 1 ) > else ivt ' x z ( i - 1 )
> f , g :: R -> R > f x = 3.*x - 1 > g x = 2.*x -1
R -> R
ivt1 f
ivt1 g
ivt1
z
f z
f
R -> R
f
f
i
f
R -> R
ivt
ivt
g
g
Rational -> Rational -> Rational
g x y
x
y
ivt2
> ivt2 :: ( Rational -> Rational -> Rational ) -> ( R -> R ) -> R > ivt2 g f = R $ \i -> > let delta = ( 1%2 ) ^i > ivt ' :: Rational -> Rational -> Rational > ivt ' x y = > let l = ( 1%3 ) * ( 2*x+y ) > u = ( 1%3 ) *( x+2*y ) > z = g l u > in if u-l < delta > then z > else if f ( fromRational z ) < 0 > then ivt ' z y > else ivt ' x z > in ivt ' 0 1
pickNonZero
True
False
> pickNonZero ( R f ) ( R g ) = pickNonZero ' 0 1 where > pickNonZero '
i e = let fi = f i > gi = g i > in if fi > e || fi < -e > then True > else if gi > e || gi < -e > then False > else pickNonZero ' ( i+1 ) ( ( 1%2 ) * e )
par
f
> monotonicPicker :: ( R -> R ) -> Rational -> Rational -> Rational > monotonicPicker f x y = if pickNonZero > ( f ( fromRational x ) ) ( f ( fromRational y ) ) > then x > else y > ivt3 :: ( R -> R ) -> R > ivt3 f = ivt2 ( monotonicPicker f ) f
monotonicPicker
ivt3 g
The Intermediate Value Theorem , as it is usually told , tells us that if we have a continuous real - valued function f on the closed interval [ 0,1 ] , with f( 0 ) < 0 and f ( 1 ) > 0 then there is a point x in ( 0,1 ) such that f( x ) =0 .
Here 's a sketch of a proof : Define three sequences l , u , xrecursively as follows :
Set l=0 , u=1 .
The xare bracketed by the land u , and |u - l| =2so the xform a Cauchy sequence with some limit x .
Because f is continuous , we get f( x ) =0 .
This proof not only shows that we have an intermediate value x where f crosses the x-axis , it also seems to describe a procedure for computing x .
Let 's use this strategy to write a numerical method .
Here are some simple functions we can use to test it : andgive the expected results .
Of course , it might not actually be the case that .
We 're dealing with the typehere and there might not actually be a solution toto the precision of a .
And it 's not clear that the word continuous means anything here anyway because the limited precision of aprecludes us from constructing the deltas and epsilons the definition of continuity demands .
So can we do better ?
Can we implement a function to compute intermediate values for exact real arithmetic ?
I recently talked about computable real numbers , and they are what I intend to use here .
I 'll represent the real number x using a sequence of rationals , x , such that |x - x | < 2 .
Here 's a suitable type : ( I 'll only be calling it for non-negative arguments , but alas , Haskell has no natural number type . )
We 'll need to display our numbers .
Here 's something cheap and cheerful that 's good enough for this article :
It displays athat is formed from a rational approximation that is within 2 of our value .
We can inject the rationals into the computable reals by using constant sequences :
An important point here is that two different sequences might define the same real .
So when we construct functions mapping reals to reals we must be sure that they take different representations of the same real to representations of the same real .
I 'll call these ' well - defined ' .
Now our problems begin .
Haskell wants us to implementbefore , but equality of computable reals is not decidable .
Still , it is semi- decidable in that if two reals differ , we can detect this .
Here 's a partial equality function :
The idea is that ifandcan be separated by more than 2*2 then the reals thatandrepresent can't be equal .
We have to implementtoo .
If one computable real is bigger than another then they must differ by more than some power of 1 / 2 .
This means we can eventually distinguish between them .
As a result , will always terminate if we compare distinct numbers :
We can defineandstraightforwardly :
And now we can define addition .
We use the fact that if |x - x ' |here And you 'll find thatgives the result you expect .
But sadly , never returns .
What went wrong ?
After one iteration , setsto the value we want .
This seems like a particularly easy case .
But the algorithm immediately fails because it then proceeds to comparewith zero .
We already know that our equality test must fail for this case .
How do we fix our algorithm ?
Consider the actions of any higher order function that operates on a continuous functiontype .
It will evaluateat various real values .
The return values fromwill then be sampled at various values of .
Each sample corresponds to a bracket around a value of .
Consider a higher order function acting on the function below :
If our higher order function terminates , it can only compute a finite number of these brackets .
So I can choose an ε small enough that I could nudge the graph up or down by ε without invalidating the brackets .
I could provide the higher order function with a different functionthat responds in exactly the same way to the finite number of samples .
Now consider the case of anfunction .
It will respond the same way to two functions differing only by ε .
The function in the graph above has been designed so that it is flat from 0.4 to 0.6 .
Nudging the function above by ε>0 up and down causes the crossing of the x-axis to move from x < 0.4 to x>0.6 .
In other words , no algorithm could possibly return a valid intermediate value for all possible inputs because I can always contrive a pair of functions , to whichwould respond identically , and yet which have widely separated points where they cross the x-axis .
This shows that the problem of determining a crossing point of a continuous function that starts off less than zero , and ends up greater than zero , is uncomputable .
We can do it for some functions .
But no function can solve this problem for all continuous inputs .
What 's really weird about this is that it fails precisely when the problem seems easiest - when there are lots of zeroes !
But we do n't need to give up .
If we could ensure that at each bisection we could pick a point that was n't exactly a zero , then we'd be fine .
But how can we do this ?
Well here 's a cheating way : we do n't bother .
We let that problem be the caller 's responsibility .
Instead of bisecting at each stage , we 'll trisect .
We 'll pick a point that is n't a zero in the middle third by using a function pased in by the caller .
Call this functionis of typeand the specification is thatmust be a rational number betweenandthat is n't a zero .
Here 's our newfunction :
How can we make use of this ?
Well suppose we want to find where a polynomial , f , crosses the x-axis .
If the polynomial has degree n , it can only cross at n points .
So if we pick n+1 values , f must evaluate to a non -zero value at one of them .
We can examine the n+1 values of f(x ) in parallel to find one that is non-zero .
This must terminate .
Here 's an implementation for the case n+1=2 .
If we pass two real values toit willoraccording to whether the first or second argument is non-zero .
It must only be called with a pair of numbers where one is non-zero : Note how it examines the two values in parallel .
If it simply tested the two numbers in turn against zero it would fail if the first were zero .
( Interesting side note : we could write this using . )
Suppose the functionis strictly monotonically increasing .
Then we know that if y>x , then f(y ) > f( x ) so we can't have that both f( x ) and f(y ) are zero .
We can use this to write a suitable helper function to write an intermediate value function that is 100 % guaranteed to work for all monotonically increasing functions ( assuming we do n't run out of memory ) :
By varyingwe can find crossing points for all manner of continuous function .
Try .
But no matter how hard we try , we can never write one that works for all continuous functions .
So why did the Intermediate Value Theorem , despite its appearance of constructing an intermediate value , fail to yield an algorithm ?
For an answer to that , you 'll have to wait until my next article .
The surprising thing is that it's not a problem of analysis , but a problem of logic .
I have borrowed liberally from Paul Taylor , especially from here .
However , I 've chosen to phrase everything in terms of classical reasoning about Haskell programs .
Any errors are , of course , mine .
It was probably Andrej Bauer 's awesome blog that got me interested in this stuff .
I want to stress that I have made absolutely no mention of intuitionism or constructivism in what I 've said above .
I have simply used ordinary classical mathematics to reason about some Haskell programs .
I 'm leaving that for the next article .
“ I cannot imagine a place where one might stand and have a clearer view of concentrated disadvantage based on race , class , and gender inequality in the country then from inside the walls of women ’s prisons . ” – Beth E. Richie
When Gwen got locked up for a minor non-violent drug offense , she did n’t know she was pregnant .
Just days into her confinement , she began to experience cramping , severe abdominal pains and bleeding .
She immediately tried to alert the guards about her condition .
After what seemed like hours of pleading and begging for medical assistance , an officer finally came to take Gwen to the infirmary .
She was eventually rushed to the hospital .
By the end of her brief stint in a Fulton County jail , she would discover she was pregnant , miscarry , and as a final illustration of neglect and callous disregard , she was shackled by the wrists and ankles as the physician removed the remains of her stillborn fetus from her womb .
While Gwen ’s story is one of the most egregious stories of state - condoned reproductive oppression that I have documented , incarcerated pregnant women across the state of Georgia have been and continue to be subjected to shackling by the wrists , ankles or around the belly on their way to the hospital , during labor and delivery and in recovery .
Dehumanized , shamed by the visible signs of their bondage , and oftentimes unable to receive the holistic and essential pre- and postnatal care and nutrition needed , pregnant women in Georgia must confront a painful reality .
They have become a part of the modern day chain gang .
Georgia is one of more than forty states that continue to permit the use of restraints on incarcerated pregnant women during transport , labor , delivery and recovery .
According to a study of state prison policies and laws around the country undertaken by the Rebecca Project for Human Rights , “ it seems safe to assume that prisons ” in Georgia “ are engaging in shackling as a matter of routine . ”
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Over the last few years , several states have prohibited the practice concluding that shackling incarcerated pregnant women during the birthing process is not only unnecessary , but unduly subjects women to cruel , degrading and inhumane treatment .
More recently , the national anti-shackling movement has witnessed a string of victories condemning the practice as activists on the state level have successfully won bans in West Virginia and Washington state and are on the verge of victory in Pennsylvania .
The Federal Bureau of Prisons outlawed the practice in federal prisons after considerable lobbying from a broad range of health care professionals , prison advocacy , civil liberties , and women ’s rights groups .
A few months ago , the 8th District Court of Appeals , in Nelson v. Norris held that “ the U.S. Constitution protects pregnant women in prison from the unnecessary and unsafe practice of shackling during labor and childbirth . ”
Moreover , the practice of shackling incarcerated women during labor , delivery and recovery violates international standards and norms .
Clearly , the time to end this practice in the United States is upon us .
While , the shackling of incarcerated pregnant women has sounded a clarion call , mobilizing reproductive justice groups around the country , we understand that the use of restraints on pregnant women is symptomatic of a much larger problem in our prisons around the provision of medical care and reproductive health of female inmates .
For more than two years , SPARK Reproductive Justice NOW has engaged in an extensive participatory research and documentation effort , with community and formerly incarcerated women to bring awareness around the conditions pregnant , incarcerated women are subjected to during the laboring and birthing processes .
Most pregnant incarcerated women , imprisoned for non-violent crimes relating to poverty and / or substance abuse , pose no physical threat to health care professionals , themselves , correctional officers or society .
In Georgia , two correctional officers accompany the shackled pregnant woman and one is always in close proximity to her except under rare circumstances .
From our understanding , whether restraints are used , under what circumstances and for how long , largely depends on the guard not policy or law .
While , prison officials justify the use of restraints as a security precaution , nurses that provide essential care and spend the most time with the women , will tell you , no woman has ever tried to escape nor could she if she wanted to .
Labor is called labor for a reason .
Furthermore , they say , it ’s just cruel .
As a reproductive justice organization , our work is rooted in the belief that individuals and communities should have the resources and power to make sustainable and libratory decisions about their fertility , bodies , genders , sexualities , families and lives .
Thus , the rapid expansion of the prison system , disappearing tens of thousands of predominately low - income women of color , especially black women , is a reproductive justice issue .
Birthing while incarcerated is a reproductive justice issue .
Shackling of incarcerated pregnant women is a reproductive justice issue .
Prisons and jails , by far , are some of the most invisible and unaccountable sites of reproductive oppression where justice is hardly won or realized .
As we celebrate Mothers Day , let us not forget those women rendered invisible and silenced by the walls , intersecting systems of oppression , social stigma , shame and physical restraints that define their lives in so many ways .
For more information about our efforts toward advancing reproductive justice in Georgia , please visit us at : www.legislatethis.org.
Kevin Watkins ' article linking RBS to tar sands developments in Canada was highly misleading and ignored the billions of financing RBS has provided to renewable power projects ( A fund for climate chaos , 5 March ) .
Watkins states : " Since recapitalisation , [ RBS ] has been bankrolling some of the world 's most ecologically destructive investments .
RBS is a global leader in underwriting loans for companies such as Shell and Conoco Philips , exploiting oil tar sands in Canada 's Alberta province .
Detailed analysis by People and Planet , the environmental organisation , documents a tar sand portfolio that has grown by $ 2.7bn since the government bailout . "
We carefully assess the environmental credentials of the companies we do business with .
RBS has no such portfolio and has not provided any finance directly to tar sands projects in the last three years – contrary to Watkins ' assertion that large parts of our energy financing go directly to tar sands .
Watkins also states that RBS 's record in this area is an " open and shut case " – a surprising claim given his lack of discussion with us or consideration of our role in renewables financing .
Watkins declares that " RBS could be gearing its lending towards support for a low carbon transition strategy for Britain " .
If he had investigated further he would have found that over the past five years we have been ranked consistently in the top five lenders globally to renewables , well ahead of any other UK bank .
In response to Watkins claim that RBS is " subverting national policies on climate change " , I want to make it completely clear that RBS fully understands the problem and we are contributing to the solution .
Since 1998 we have financed over 8,800MW of wind generation globally – more than twice the total installed UK wind generation capacity .
At the end of last year , we were chosen as one of three banks to participate in a wind financing scheme backed by the European Investment Bank that will make up to £ 1.4bn available to onshore wind power projects in the UK over the next three years .
These are not the actions of a bank intent on " funding climate chaos " , as Watkins puts it .
But there are other issues to contend with .
If we could treble our renewables financing overnight , we would .
Unfortunately there are just not enough viable projects needing finance because of issues over planning , grid connections , cost and technology risks .
We are closely involved in helping to remove these barriers , as highlighted in our submission to the recent Environmental Audit Committee .
The reality is that , whether we like it or not , our society is currently dependent on hydrocarbons .
The transition away from them will require co-operation between governments , power companies , local communities and ultimately the end consumer .
We are determined to play our part but oversimplification of the issues will take us nowhere .
PHILADELPHIA --
A suburban school district secretly captured at least 56,000 webcam photographs and screen shots from laptops issued to high school students , its lawyer acknowledged Monday .
" It 's clear there were students who were likely captured in their homes , " said lawyer Henry Hockeimer , who represents the Lower Merion School District .
None of the images , captured by a tracking program to find missing computers , appeared to be salacious or inappropriate , he said .
The district said it remotely activated the tracking software to find 80 missing laptops in the past two years .
The Philadelphia Inquirer first reported Monday on the large number of images recovered from school servers by forensic computer experts , who were hired after student Blake Robbins filed suit over the tracking practice .
Robbins still does n't know why the district deployed the software tracking program on his computer , as he had not reported it lost or stolen , his lawyer said .
The FBI has opened a criminal investigation into possible wiretap violations by the district , and U.S. Sen .
Arlen Specter , of Pennsylvania , has introduced a bill to include webcam surveillance under the federal wiretap statute .
The district photographed Robbins 400 times during a 15 - day period last fall , sometimes as he slept in bed or was half - dressed , according to his lawyer , Mark Haltzman .
Other times , the district captured screen shots of instant messages or video chats the Harriton High School sophomore had with friends , he said .
" Not only was Blake Robbins being spied upon , but every one of the people he was IM chatting with were spied upon , " said Haltzman , whose lawsuit alleges wiretap and privacy violations .
" They captured pictures of people that have nothing to do with Harriton .
It could be his cousin from Connecticut . "
About 38,000 of the images were taken over several months from six computers the school said were stolen from a locker room .
The tracking program took images every 15 minutes , usually capturing the webcam photo of the user and a screen shot at the same time .
The program was sometimes turned on for weeks or months at a time , Hockeimer said .
" There were no written policies or procedures governing the circumstances surrounding activating the program and the circumstances regarding turning off the activations , " Hockeimer said .
Robbins was one of about 20 students who had not paid the $ 55 insurance fee required to take the laptops home but was the only one tracked , Haltzman said .
The depositions taken to date have provided contradictory testimony about the reasons for tracking Robbins ' laptop .
One of the two people authorized to activate the program , technology coordinator Carol Cafiero , invoked her Fifth Amendment right not to answer questions at the deposition , Haltzman said .
About 10 school officials had the right to request an activation , Hockeimer disclosed Monday .
The tracking program helped police identify a suspect not affiliated with the school in the locker room theft , Hockeimer said .
The affluent Montgomery County district distributes the Macintosh notebook computers to all 2,300 students at its two high schools , Hockeimer said .
As part of the lawsuit , a federal judge this week is set to begin a confidential process of showing parents the images that were captured of their children .
The school district expects to release a written report on an internal investigation in the next few weeks , Hockeimer said .
School board President David Ebby has pledged the report will contain " all the facts -- good and bad . "
Greetings , welcome to the database of Stev , the Vulcan currently on assigment somewhere in the American Heartland .
Vulcan Stev's Database is a chronicle of his viewpoints on life , a repository for his Demotivational Posters , and a place to store the cool stuff he puts together in Photoshop
Enjoy your visit .
It is a logical place to be .
Live Long and Prosper
Should n't finding radio stations online be easier ?
Based on the Adobe AIR runtime , Antenna tries to alleviate that .
Using a vast list of stations combined with a map interface , you can discover , listen to , and switch between thousands of stations effortlessly .
Search is possible by country or genre , or just by clicking on a location on the map .
Beyond that you have a history of recently - listened stations and can even rate the ones you like and return to them easily later .
[ caption id =" attachment_84 " align=" aligncenter " width = " 300 " ] [ / caption ]
To install , first grab Adobe AIR , then download the Antenna installer file .
If you still have issues installing , let me know in the comments .
Changes in Version 1.5 ( November 17 , 2011 ) :
If you love strawberries , you 'll definitely be a fan of this easy sipper .
I combined vodka with lemon juice , muddled strawberries , and simple syrup .
The whole thing is shaken and then strained into a chilled glass .
It 's a seasonal , slightly girlie drink that 's delightfully balanced and ends up neither too sweet nor too potent .
This strawberry vodka cocktail is just the thing to kick - start your weekend , so cheers !
Grab a glass and get the recipe .
Photos : Nicole Perry
Python multiprocessing is different under Linux and Windows
Date : 14 May 2010 Tags : computing , python
One of the great recent advances in the Python Standard Library is the addition of the multiprocessing module , maintained by Jesse Noller who has also blogged and written about several other concurrency approaches for Python — Kamaelia , Circuits , and Stackless Python .
I have wanted to try the multiprocessing module out for some time , and now have a consulting project that will really benefit from multiple processes : they will let our application run third - party plugins without having to worry that any bugs or indiscretions which they commit might damage or hang our main server , which can remain safe in another process .
First , one can only stand in awe at the achievement — and the amount of work — that the multiprocessing module represents .
I cannot imagine the time that it would have taken our team to figure out all of the differences between Linux and Windows when it comes to processes , shared memory , and concurrency mechanisms .
In fact , the approach we are taking might not even have been feasible under those circumstances .
By figuring out how to get locks , queues , and shared data structures all working cleanly on such different architectures , the multiprocessing authors save Python programmers out on the street like me from reinventing a dozen wheels when we need to support multi-platform concurrency .
Well , almost .
There is one rather startling difference which the multiprocessing module does not hide : the fact that while every Windows process must spin up independently of the parent process that created it , Linux supports the fork ( 2 ) system call that creates a child processes already in possession of exactly the same resources as its parent : every data structure , open file , and database connection that existed in the parent process is still sitting there , open and ready to use , in the child .
Consider this small program :
from multiprocessing import Process f =
None def child ( ) : print f if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : f = open ( ' mp.py ' , ' r ' ) p = Process ( target = child ) p . start ( ) p . join ()
On Linux , the open file f keeps its value in the child process ; the child has inherited an open connection from its parent :
$ python mp . py < open file ' mp . py ' , mode 'r ' at 0xb7734ac8 >
Under Windows , however , where the multiprocessing module has to spawn a fresh copy of the Python interpreter to which it gives special instructions to just run the function f( ) , the module is a clean slate without an open file inside :
C : \ Users \ brandon \ dev > python mp . py None
Now , my complaint is not exactly that the multiprocessing documentation is misleading on this point ; under its section on Programming guidelines , it makes it quite clear that :
On Unix a child process can make use of a shared resource created in a parent process using a global resource .
However , it is better to pass the object as an argument to the constructor for the child process .
I have no quarrel with this advice ; if I am careful to pass everything the child needs in its list of arguments , then I can be sure that my code will work under both Linux and Windows .
But I do wish that the multiprocessing module provided more support for testing this condition more rigorously under Linux .
In particular , I wish that there were some way of turning the simple forking logic off — of saying , “ Yes , I know that Linux will let you create a child process very simply using fork ( 2 ) , but for my sanity would you please create the child process from scratch like you do under Windows so that I can test whether my code accidentally depends on residual state from the parent process that I did not see that I was using ? ”
I looked at the multiprocessing " forking. py " module to see whether I could turn on the Windows - style process spawning even from inside of Linux , but the mechanism is chosen by a bare module - level check of " sys.platform " and if I overwrite that variable with ' win32 ' the code then dies when it tries to import " msvcrt " which is available only under Windows .
There is , thus , even in principle , no way that I can test my multiprocessing application under Linux which will give me any assurance that my child processes are not accidentally taking advantage of data structures and open connections left lying around by the parent process ; only by actually moving over to Windows itself can I see how my child code really behaves on its own .
I have created a feature request in the Python bug tracker to see whether this situation can be improved .
But even with this one inconvenience — which is troubling me much less , now that I at least understand why my application was behaving so differently under Windows — the multiprocessing module is still a huge leap forwards for Python programmers who need to run code in heavyweight processes with all of the isolation and safety that they provide .
Thanks again to Jesse and the multiprocessing team !
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
Man it 's been such a busy weekend I have n't been able to get the spring footer sorted out !
TOMORROW FOR SURE .
Thank you to everyone who sent one in so far !
( The newspost beneath this comic has more details . )
I 'll also be adding some new overlays that were sent to me soon too !
( The newspost beneath yesterday 's comic explains what I 'm talking about there . )
( It was really fun on Friday adding all those overlays . )
( I think my favourite is " onewheretrexwearsmore " . )
One year ago today : " cutting crew " has died tonight .
in your arms .
in their dying breath , they speculate that it was something you said .
– Ryan
Generating PDFs on App Engine Python , and introducing Mapvelopes
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , tech , app- engine , cookbook , coding
This is the first of two posts covering the technologies used to implement the Mapvelopes app , an App Engine app that generates customized printable envelopes with the map to your recipient on them .
While HTML is the lingua - franca of the web , it 's not the be all and end all .
Sometimes , you need your webapp to generate something slightly different , and often , that something is a PDF .
PDFs have the major advantage that they 're designed for printing : pagination is built in , and the PDF defines the page size , so nothing about the layout is left to chance .
When you need to provide something for the user to print , especially when it 's complex , using a PDF can make the difference between okay output and really excellent output .
Hit ' Print ' in a Google Docs spreadsheet , and you 'll see this in action .
PDF generation on App Engine is something that 's been left largely up to individual users to figure out .
Depending on your runtime - Java or Python - and your specific needs , it may be quite straightforward , or rather complicated .
In particular , if you want to include images in your PDF , you 're going to have to jump through some extra hoops , since most PDF libraries expect they 'll be able to use an imaging library , which is n't available on App Engine .
This came up for me recently when I wanted to implement this fantastic ' map envelope ' concept using the Google Maps APIs and App Engine .
The generated envelopes need to be easily printable , sized correctly , and contain both embedded images , text , and shapes - which pretty much made PDF a shoo -in .
Today we 're going to take a look at the ReportLab Toolkit , the best known and probably best supported PDF generation library for Python .
We 'll look at what 's required to use it for basic PDF generation on App Engine , and then what 's necessary to be able to include images in a PDF from within the App Engine environment .
Getting started with ReportLab on App Engine
Due to a combination of coincidence and good coding on the part of ReportLab , the ReportLab toolkit works out of the box for basic functionality on App Engine !
All you have to do is download it and copy the ' reportab ' directory into the root directory of your app .
You can now use the library exactly as described in the User Guide .
Let 's go over a few simple examples with the Webapp framework ( adapting these to your choice of framework should be straightforward , though ) :
from reportlab .
pdfgen import canvas from reportlab.lib.pagesizes import A4 class PDFHandler( webapp.RequestHandler ) : def get ( self ) : self.response.headers [' Content - Type ' ] = ' application /pdf ' self.response.headers [' Content - Disposition ' ] = ' attachment ; filename=my.pdf ' c = canvas.Canvas(self.response.out , pagesize= A4 ) c.drawString ( 100 , 100 , " Hello world " ) c.showPage ( ) c.save ( )
This is the absolute basics of PDF generation with ReportLab .
First , we set two response headers - the content type , to indicate we 're returning a PDF , and the content disposition , which tells the user 's browser to download it , and provides a default name .
Next , we create a new Canvas object .
The Canvas object is the main interface to PDF generation , and has methods that take care of common operations like outputting text and drawing shapes .
In the constructor , we pass a pagesize argument .
Here , we 're using a predefined size , ' A4 ' , but in general you can specify any tuple of two numbers , being the x and y dimensions of a page .
We also supply self .response.out as the object to write the generated PDF document to .
A quick aside about measurements in PDFs is worthwhile here .
All measurements used by the ReportLab toolkit are in ' points ' , which are equal to 1/72 of an inch .
Reportlab provides conversion factors in the reportlab.lib.units module , so if you 'd prefer , you can express sizes in any other unit - for example , the expression 10 * units.mm is the number of points in 10 millimeters .
The other thing to remember is that the coordinate system in PDFs places 0,0 at the bottom left .
If you 're used to coordinate systems where 0,0 is in the top left , you 'd best mentally invert your Y axis , or you 'll be drawing everything upside - down !
Back to the example , the next thing we do is call the canvas 's drawString method .
This method takes two coordinates , again in points , and a text string , and draws it to the current page of the PDF .
PDFs use a state - machine approach , so attributes such as the font face , size , and color all depend on the current state , which can be modified with methods such as setStrokeColorRGB and setFont .
As we 've already seen , PDFs are page - oriented .
The call to c.showPage ( ) reflects this , informing the PDF library that we 're done with the current page and ready ( potentially ) to start on a new one .
Finally , c.save ( ) tells the library we 're done with the whole PDF , and it should write the rest of it to the output .
Drawing operations are handled similarly , using methods such as line ( ) and rect ( ) .
All of this is covered in the guide linked to above , which is well worth a read .
Since a large part of PDF generation is likely to be concerned with outputting text , ReportLab 's support for text generation is worth a closer look .
While drawString is fine for short pieces of text , drawing multiple lines of text requires better support .
ReportLab provides this in the form of text objects .
To create one , call beginText ( ) on a canvas object .
You can then manipulate the text object to draw text as desired , and finally , call drawText ( ) on the canvas object , passing in the text object , to draw it all to the canvas .
Here 's a simple example :
text = c.beginText ( ) text.setTextOrigin( 1*cm , 5 * cm ) text.setFont ( " Times Roman " , 14 ) text.textLine ( " Hello world ! " ) text.textLine
( " Look ma , multiple lines ! " ) c.drawText ( text )
There 's a lot more to text objects than this , of course - again , take a look at the user 's guide for more details .
Images in PDFs
It 's also quite possible to insert images in a PDF , of course , and ReportLab supports doing so in a limited fashion without requiring access to the PIL imaging library .
Unfortunately , a couple of issues - one incompatibility and one outright bug - require us to make a couple of small patches to the library before we can use it with images .
First , open up reportlab / lib / utils.py , and go to the rl_isdir ( ) function , starting on line 463 .
This function depends on some internals of the Python classloader that are n't available on App Engine , so we need to change it .
Comment out the last line , line 469 , and in its place , insert " return False " .
Next , look at the _isPILImage ( ) function , starting on line 520 .
Line 523 reads " except ImportError : " .
Change this to read " except AttributeError : " .
Now that we 've made these modifications , we can insert images in our PDFs !
The PDF format effectively supports two types of image - raw image data ( optionally compressed with zlib ) , and JPEGs .
As it stands , the ReportLab library only exposes the latter to users , so we 'll only be able to include JPEGs for now .
If your images are in another format , you can use the Images service to convert them to JPEG .
In order to insert an image into a PDF , we first have to create an ImageReader object from the JPEG data .
Then , we call the canvas 's drawImage ( ) method to actually draw it to the PDF .
Here 's an example :
image = canvas.ImageReader( StringIO.StringIO( image_data ) ) # image_data is a raw string containing a JPEG c.drawImage ( image , 0 , 0 , 144 , 144 ) # Draw it in the bottom left , 2 inches high and 2 inches wide
Straightforward , right ?
The width and height arguments can be anything you like , so you can stretch and scale the image arbitrarily .
What 's more , if you include the same image repeatedly , the ReportLab toolkit is smart enough to embed it in the PDF only once , and reference it from multiple locations .
You may be wondering what would be required to support other image formats , such as PNG , so you can get rid of those pesky JPEG compression artefacts .
In principle , this should be quite doable , but it'd require some serious hacking :
In a nutshell , using the pure - Python pypng library to decode the PNG , and subclassing ReportLab 's ImageReader class to support getting its raw data from the decoded PNG , without involving the PIL imaging library .
Perhaps a future article will cover this challenge . ;)
Disqus
Kevin Rudd killed his political career dead when he dropped the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme ( CPRS ) .
That conclusion might seem a bit premature , but from where I sit , out in the world of interested citizenship , he looks finished .
The argument against this maximalist position is cogently put by both academic Jason Wilson and Crikey 's resident pseph - graph genius , Possum Comitatus .
They argue that with a hostile Senate , a reduced implementation timetable , and a public becoming increasingly concerned about an emissions trading scheme , the PM had no choice but to cut his losses .
What is the point , they ask , of returning the legislation to the Senate when it 's clear it wo n't pass ?
Add in the fact that dumping the legislation gives the PM a better chance of maximising his government 's Senate vote , then this was simply a pragmatic decision to move on .
Both present compelling arguments .
The point I want to make , however , is that the argument about pragmatism versus cowardice - which is what this is - is n't clear cut .
Jason and Possum are correct : in one sense , Rudd was merely being pragmatic .
But that argument overlooks the fact that it's not just that Rudd assessed the likely Senate outcome and sensibly retreated , it 's that , from the beginning , he never had the courage , or maybe the ability , to take the electorate into his confidence and explain why the CPRS was necessary .
From the get - go he was spooked by the rightwing media and the Oppositon 's mobilisation of bogus arguments of the we 'll - all - be - rooned type .
In fact , the scheme itself was a species of cowardice , just this side of better - than - nothing .
It was designed , not around the logic of the project - which is to price carbon so polluters are forced to consider alternative energy sources - but around compensating those same polluters so they did n't go crying to the media claiming the sky was falling .
They whined anyway , of course , and the more they did , the more money Rudd ( with the help of Malcolm Turnbull ) threw at them .
That was pragmatism too .
So here 's the thing : there is nothing pragmatic in running a small - target strategy from government .
You can't hide from your decisions , and to constantly water them down in response to interest - group bleating makes you look weak .
An unwillingness to argue your corner leaves you vulnerable to every misinformation campaign the media and the Opposition want to run .
That is to say : if they know you are going to jump , they 're going to say boo .
Besides , this was hardly the PM 's first high - profile tactical retreat .
We 've seen it with the insulation " scandal " , with immigration , with a bill of rights , and now with climate change .
In each case there was a strong counterargument to deal with the misrepresentations in the media , but in each case Kevin Rudd bravely ran away .
And who has any confidence that it wo n't happen again with the mining tax ?
The rightwing media and the mining companies are piling on and Mr Rudd is already talking about a willingness to compromise .
Now , there is nothing per se wrong with compromise : that is the art of politics .
But if you give in every time , you are no longer compromising , you are being dictated to .
No - one votes for a government in the expectation that they will agree with everything it does .
People know it is impossible for all their pet issues to be addressed in exactly the way they want them addressed .
We know our political leaders will disappoint us .
We do n't expect them to be heroes , as Jason Wilson rightly points out .
We factor in , and are willing to cop , a reasonable amount of lily - liveredness in the name of political reality .
But the CPRS was too important to Rudd 's credibility for it to be blithely dropped in the name of pragmatism .
You do n't get to call an issue the great moral imperative of our age and then turn your back on it , no matter how much bleating is going on in the marginals or in the media .
Sure , the legislation was bound to be defeated in the Senate , but Rudd needed to go through the motions in order to maintain faith , not just with the majority who voted him in in order to do something about climate change ( and despite all the misinformation , it is still a majority ) , but with the electorate 's reasonable ( if curbed ) expectation that on at least some things , this government is not for turning .
Kevin Rudd picks fights , but he does n't want to take a punch .
Maybe that 's pragmatic and means he 'll live to fight another day .
But increasingly it looks like he has vacated the ring .
Tim Dunlop writes a fortnightly column for The Drum .
You can follow him on Twitter
Image caption Israeli leaders do not comment on the country 's nuclear status
Israel says it will not take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear - arms free Middle East , proposed at a UN meeting in New York .
Nearly 200 nations , signatories of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) , backed plans for the meeting in 2012 .
In a document agreed at the talks , Israel was singled out for criticism .
Israel , which has not signed the NPT , dismissed the document as " deeply flawed " and " hypocritical " .
" It ignores the realities of the Middle East and the real threats facing the region and the entire world , " the Israeli government said in a statement quoted by the AFP news agency .
We strongly oppose efforts to single out Israel , and will oppose actions that jeopardise Israel 's national security Barack Obama , US president Iran narrowly wins nuclear battle Israel deflects nuclear pressure
" Given the distorted nature of this resolution , Israel will not be able to take part in its implementation . "
The statement was issued in Canada , where Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is visiting .
In the past , the Israeli government has refused to comment on rumours that Israel has a stockpile of nuclear weapons .
In April , Mr Netanyahu pulled out of a US summit on nuclear arms after learning that Egypt and Turkey intended to raise the issue .
' Insignificant ' document
Some 189 nations agreed to the 28 - page document following a month - long conference on strengthening the NPT , the cornerstone of global disarmament efforts .
The document urged Israel to sign the NPT , but did not mention Iran , a nation widely suspected of having a nuclear - weapons programme .
Analysts say this was a diplomatic victory for Iran , which denies seeking a nuclear weapon .
The US was among the nations who agreed the document , but President Barack Obama warned that he did not agree with Israel 's treatment .
" We strongly oppose efforts to single out Israel , and will oppose actions that jeopardise Israel 's national security , " he said .
Israel 's Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon promised that his country 's co-operation with the US would remain unchanged , but he condemned the document as " insignificant " .
" Iran has signed [ the treaty ] , Iraq has signed it ...
Syria has signed it , and we see that it has n't stopped them from seriously breaking the treaty and from trying to bypass it , " he said .
Israel also questioned why India and Pakistan - declared nuclear states who have not signed the treaty - were not singled out for mention .
Knees are the most commonly injured joints in the body .
Considering that when you simply walk up stairs ,
But it ’s not too late .
Like a rusty door hinge , with care and maintenance , your knees can be trouble free .
Even if you already experience problems , exercising and strengthening the muscles surrounding the knee joints — quadriceps ( front of thigh ) , hamstrings ( back of thigh ) , abductor ( outer thigh ) , and adductor ( inner thigh ) — will help make your knees stronger and less susceptible to injury .
Exercise keeps your joints from stiffening and provides needed support , making movement easier and reducing pain .
Knee Stretches
Chair knee extension : Sitting in a chair , rest your foot on another chair so the knee is slightly raised .
Gently push the raised knee toward the floor using only leg muscles .
Hold for five to 10 seconds and release .
Repeat five times on each leg .
Heel slide knee extension : Lie on your back , with left knee bent and left foot flat on floor .
Slowly slide the left heel away from your body so both legs are parallel .
Hold for five to 10 seconds , return to starting position .
Repeat five times on each leg .
Knee flexion : Sitting in a chair , loop a long towel under your foot ( resting on the floor ) .
Gently pull on the towel with both hands to bend the knee , raising your foot four to five inches off the floor .
Hold for five to 10 seconds , then release .
Repeat five times on each leg .
Hamstring stretch : Standing , put one foot in front of you , toes up .
With hands on the small of your back ( or one hand holding a chair for balance ) , bend the opposite knee and hip ( not your lower back ) , until you feel the hamstrings stretch .
The upper body comes forward at the hip .
Hold for five to10 seconds , then release .
Repeat five times on each leg .
Knee Strengthening Exercises
Wall slide : Leaning with your back against a wall , bend your knees 30° , sliding down the wall , then straighten up again .
Move slowly and smoothly , using your hands on the wall for balance .
Keep feet and legs parallel , and do not allow knees to go out over the toes .
Repeat 5 - 10 times .
Bent - Leg Raises : Sitting in a chair , straighten one leg in the air ( without locking the knee ) .
Hold for about one minute .
Bend your knee to lower the leg about halfway to the floor .
Hold for 30 seconds .
Return to starting position .
Work up to four reps on each leg .
Straight - Leg Raises : Sitting in a chair , rest your foot on another chair .
Lift the foot a few inches off the chair while keeping your leg straight .
Hold for five to 10 seconds .
Return to resting position .
Repeat five to 10 times .
( Also work on increasing the time , up to two to three minutes if possible . )
Abductor Raise : Lie on your side , propped on one elbow .
The leg on the floor bent , the other straight .
Slowly lift the top leg , hold for 5 - 10 seconds , then lower .
( Ankle weights will increase the intensity ) .
Do one to three sets with 12 to 15 repetitions each .
Remember to rest in between sets .
Hamstring Curl : Stand with the front of your thighs against a surface ( a table or wall ) .
Flex one knee up as far as is comfortable .
Hold for five to 10 seconds , then lower slowly .
If possible , do not touch the floor between repetitions .
( Ankle weights will increase the intensity . )
Do one to three sets with 12 to 15 repetitions each .
Remember to rest in between sets .
Step - Ups :
Stand in front of a step , like a sturdy bench or stairs , about two feet high ( or less if necessary ) .
Step up onto the support , straighten your knees fully ( without locking them ) and step down .
Maintain a steady pace .
If you are comfortable with your balance , pump your arms while doing this exercise .
Start with one minute , slowly building your time .
This exercise will get your heart pumping , too !
Stationary Bike : Biking is a good way to increase strength and range of motion .
Make sure you have the right positioning of the legs .
At the bottom of the pedal stroke , the bend in the knee should be 15 degrees .
Start with 10 minutes and slowly increase your time .
Depending on your current level of activity and mobility , a good start is three stretching and three strengthening exercises , three to four times a week .
Stretching can be ( and should be ) done every day to prevent stiffness and achy joints .
These stretches can even be done a few times a day , if needed .
Always check with your doctor before beginning an exercise program .
These exercises are designed to help , not hurt .
If you experience pain at any time during the exercise , stop .
Pain is your body ’s way of telling you that something is wrong .
BONUS TIPS :
If you have increased soreness after doing these exercises , it may help to ice your knee or knees for 10 to 20 minutes .
Place a bag of ice ( or frozen vegetables ) over the joint , with a towel between to protect the skin .
Elevate your leg on a chair if ice alone is inadequate .
Remember to include regular cardiovascular ( aerobic ) exercise as part of a well - rounded routine .
If your knees are giving you problems , and you feel like the Tin Man from " The Wizard of Oz " when getting out of bed , rest assure that at least you ’re not alone .
In fact , nearly 50 million Americans feel the exact same way .are the most commonly injured joints in the body .
Considering that when you simply walk up stairs , the pressure across your knee joints is four times your body weight , it is n't surprising .
Simple , everyday wear and tear can end up hurting your mobility .
But it ’s not too late .
Like a rusty door hinge , with care and maintenance , your knees can be trouble free .
Even if you already experience problems , exercising and strengthening the muscles surrounding the knee joints — quadriceps ( front of thigh ) , hamstrings ( back of thigh ) , abductor ( outer thigh ) , and adductor ( inner thigh — will help make your knees stronger and less susceptible to injury .
Exercise keeps your joints from stiffening and provides needed support , making movement easier and reducing pain .
Depending on your current level of activity and mobility , a good start is three stretching and three strengthening exercises , three to four times a week .
Stretching can be ( and should be ) done every day to prevent stiffness and achy joints .
These stretches can even be done a few times a day , if needed .
Always check with your doctor before beginning an exercise program .
These exercises are designed to help , not hurt .
If you experience pain at any time during the exercise , stop .
Pain is your body ’s way of telling you that something is wrong .
If you have increased soreness after doing these exercises , it may help to ice your knee or knees for 10 to 20 minutes .
Place a bag of ice ( or frozen vegetables ) over the joint , with a towel between to protect the skin .
Elevate your leg on a chair if ice alone is inadequate .
Remember to include regular cardiovascular ( aerobic ) exercise as part of a well - rounded routine .
Research shows that this type of exercise helps increase pain tolerance .
It 's that you 're stupid :
This works the other way too .
It 's called brand erosion .
If you claim that the Earth is flat , then everything else out of your mouth is suspect to me .
To wit , Grover Norquist thinks that " tea - bagger " is the equivalent of " nigger . "
I think Grover Norquist is the equivalent of a flat - earther .
I 'm a limited man .
I 'm not going to be an expert on history , foreign policy , health care reform , science and national security .
A lot of my politics work on the basis of trust .
I do n't trust everything written by any old liberal .
I trust a small group , and you can get a sense of who that is by who a link to when I 'm out my depth .
Time is short and if your political strategy amounts to banking on the stupid factor , I 'm going to assume that much of everything else you 're peddling is the same .
Perhaps you have a good case to build around the shocking size of government .
Perhaps there really is an intelligent argument against the estate tax .
But a shocking number of people who would make that argument , are not smart enough to see the difference between using the term " Negro " and wishing that white supremacy had won out .
Either that or they think that their audience is n't smart enough .
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..bc58575c789
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/Makefile b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/Makefilenew file mode 100644index 00000000000..bc58575c789--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/Makefile @@ -0,0 +1,26 @@ +TOP = ../../../.. +include $ ( TOP ) / configs / current + +LIBNAME = r600 + +LIBRARY_INCLUDES
= \ + $ ( shell pkg-config libdrm -- cflags - only - I ) + +C_SOURCES = \ + r600 _buffer.c \ + r600_context.c \ + r600_draw.c \ + r600_blit.c \ + r600 _helper.c \ + r600_query.c \ + r600_screen.c \ + r600_state.c \ + r600_texture.c \ + r600_shader.c \ + r600_compiler.c \ + r600_compiler_tgsi.c \ + r600_compiler_dump.c \ + r600_compiler_r600.c \ + r600_compiler_r700.c + + include ../../Makefile.template
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..a88c5452529
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/SConscript b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/SConscriptnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..a88c5452529--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/SConscript @@ - 0,0 +1,21 @@ + Import ('*') + +env = env. Clone( ) +env.
Append( CPPPATH
= [ + '# /include ' , + '#/src/mesa ' , + ] ) + +r600 = env.ConvenienceLibrary ( + target = ' r600 ' , + source = [ + ' r600_buffer.c' , + ' r600_context.c' , + ' r600_draw.c' , + ' r600_query.c' , + ' r600_screen.c' , + ' r600_state.c' , + ' r600_texture.c' , + ] ) + + Export ( 'r600 ')
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..88b865ef9a6
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_blit.c
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_blit.cnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..88b865ef9a6--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_blit.c @@ -0,0 +1,81 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2009 Marek Olšák < maraeo@gmail.com > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ * + * Authors : + * Jerome Glisse + * Marek Olšák + */ +#include < pipe/p_screen.h > +#include < util/u_blitter.h > +#include < util/u_inlines.h > +#include < util/u_memory.h > +#include " r600_screen.h " +#include " r600_texture.h " +#include " r600_context.h " + + static void r600_blitter_save_states ( struct pipe_context * ctx ) +{ + struct r600 _context *rctx = ( struct r600_context*)ctx ; + + util_blitter_save_blend(rctx->blitter , + rctx ->draw->state [R600 _BLEND ] ) ; + util_blitter_save_depth_stencil_alpha(rctx->blitter , + rctx ->draw->state[R600_DSA ] ) ; + util_blitter_save_stencil_ref(rctx->blitter , &rctx->stencil_ref ) ; + util_blitter_save_rasterizer(rctx->blitter , + rctx ->draw->state[R600_RASTERIZER ] ) ; + util_blitter_save_fragment_shader(rctx->blitter , + rctx->ps_shader ) ; + util_blitter_save_vertex_shader(rctx->blitter , + rctx->vs_shader ) ; +} + +void r600 _clear ( struct pipe_context *ctx , unsigned buffers , + const float * rgba , double depth , unsigned stencil ) +{ + struct r600 _context *rctx = ( struct r600_context *) ctx ; + struct pipe_framebuffer_state * fb = &rctx -> fb_state ; + +#if 0 + r600_blitter_save_states (ctx ) ; + util_blitter_clear( rctx -> blitter , fb -> width , fb -> height , + fb-> nr_cbufs , buffers , rgba , depth , + stencil ) ; +#endif +} + +void r600_surface_copy ( struct pipe_context *ctx , + struct pipe_surface * dst , + unsigned dstx , unsigned dsty , + struct pipe_surface * src , + unsigned srcx , unsigned srcy , + unsigned width , unsigned height ) +{ +} + +void r600_surface_fill ( struct pipe_context *ctx , + struct pipe_surface * dst , + unsigned dstx , unsigned dsty , + unsigned width , unsigned height , + unsigned value ) +{ +}
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..f3a0208b003
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_buffer.c
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_buffer.cnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..f3a0208b003--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_buffer.c @@ -0,0 +1,177 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ * + * Authors : + * Jerome Glisse + * Corbin Simpson < MostAwesomeDude@gmail.com > + */ +#include < pipe/p_screen.h > +#include < util/u_format.h > +#include < util/u_math.h > +#include < util/u_inlines.h > +#include < util/u_memory.h > +#include " r600_screen.h " +#include " r600_texture.h " +#include " r600_context.h " + + static u32 r600_domain_from_usage( unsigned usage ) +{ + u32 domain = RADEON_GEM_DOMAIN_GTT ; + + if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_GPU_WRITE ) { + domain |= RADEON_GEM_DOMAIN_VRAM ; + } + if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_PIXEL ) { + domain |= RADEON_GEM_DOMAIN_VRAM ; + } + if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_VERTEX ) { + domain |= RADEON_GEM_DOMAIN_GTT ; + } + if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_INDEX ) { + domain |= RADEON_GEM_DOMAIN_GTT ; + } + return domain ; +} + + static struct pipe_buffer * r600 _buffer_create ( struct pipe_screen * screen , + unsigned alignment , + unsigned usage , + unsigned size ) +{ + struct r600_screen * rscreen = r600_screen ( screen ) ; + struct r600 _pipe_buffer * rbuffer ; + struct radeon_bo * bo ; + struct pb_desc desc ; + + rbuffer = CALLOC_STRUCT( r600_pipe_buffer ) ; + if ( rbuffer == NULL ) + return NULL ; + + pipe_reference_init( &rbuffer->base.reference , 1 ) ; + rbuffer ->base.screen = screen ; + rbuffer->base.alignment = alignment ; + rbuffer->base.usage = usage ; + rbuffer -> base.size = size ; + + if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_CONSTANT ) { + desc.alignment = alignment ; + desc.usage = usage ; + rbuffer ->pb = pb_malloc_buffer_create( size , &desc ) ; + if ( rbuffer - > pb == NULL ) { + free ( rbuffer ) ; + return NULL ; + } + return &rbuffer -> base ; + } + rbuffer ->domain = r600_domain_from_usage( usage ) ; + bo = radeon_bo( rscreen ->rw , 0 , size , alignment , NULL ) ; + if ( bo == NULL ) { + FREE ( rbuffer ) ; + return NULL ; + } + rbuffer -> bo = bo ; + return &rbuffer -> base ; +} + + static struct pipe_buffer * r600_user_buffer_create ( struct pipe_screen * screen , + void * ptr , unsigned bytes ) +{ + struct r600 _pipe_buffer * rbuffer ; + struct r600_screen * rscreen = r600_screen( screen ) ; + + rbuffer = ( struct r600_pipe_buffer*)r600_buffer_create ( screen , 0 , 0 , bytes ) ; + if ( rbuffer == NULL ) { + return NULL ; + } + radeon_bo_map( rscreen ->rw , rbuffer -> bo ) ; + memcpy ( rbuffer ->bo-> data , ptr , bytes ) ; + radeon_bo_unmap( rscreen ->rw , rbuffer -> bo ) ; + return &rbuffer -> base ; +} + + static void r600 _buffer_destroy ( struct pipe_buffer * buffer ) +{ + struct r600 _pipe_buffer * rbuffer = ( struct r600_pipe_buffer *) buffer ; + struct r600_screen *rscreen = r600_screen ( buffer -> screen ) ; + + if ( rbuffer -> pb ) { + pipe_reference_init( &rbuffer->pb->base.reference , 0 ) ; + pb_destroy ( rbuffer -> pb ) ; + rbuffer ->pb = NULL ; + } + if ( rbuffer -> bo ) { + radeon_bo_decref( rscreen ->rw , rbuffer -> bo ) ; + } + FREE ( rbuffer ) ; +} + +static void * r600_buffer_map_range ( struct pipe_screen * screen , + struct pipe_buffer * buffer , + unsigned offset , unsigned length , + unsigned usage ) +{ + struct r600 _pipe_buffer * rbuffer = ( struct r600_pipe_buffer *) buffer ; + struct r600_screen * rscreen = r600_screen ( buffer -> screen ) ; + int write = 0 ; + + if ( rbuffer -> pb ) { + return pb_map ( rbuffer -> pb , usage ) ; + } + if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_DONTBLOCK ) { + /* FIXME */ + } + if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_CPU_WRITE ) { + write = 1 ; + } + if ( radeon_bo_map ( rscreen ->rw , rbuffer -> bo ) ) { + return NULL ; + } + return rbuffer ->bo-> data ; +} + + static void r600 _buffer_unmap ( struct pipe_screen * screen , struct pipe_buffer * buffer ) +{ + struct r600 _pipe_buffer * rbuffer = ( struct r600_pipe_buffer *) buffer ; + struct r600_screen *rscreen = r600_screen ( buffer -> screen ) ; + + if ( rbuffer -> pb ) { + pb_unmap ( rbuffer -> pb ) ; + } else { + radeon_bo_unmap( rscreen ->rw , rbuffer -> bo ) ; + } +} + +static void r600_buffer_flush_mapped_range( struct pipe_screen * screen , + struct pipe_buffer * buf , + unsigned offset , unsigned length ) +{ +} + +void r600_screen_init_buffer_functions ( struct pipe_screen * screen ) +{ + screen->buffer_create = r600_buffer_create ; + screen->user_buffer_create = r600_user_buffer_create ; + screen->buffer_map_range = r600_buffer_map_range ; + screen->buffer_flush_mapped_range = r600 _buffer_flush_mapped_range ; + screen->buffer_unmap = r600_buffer_unmap ; + screen->buffer_destroy = r600_buffer_destroy ; +}
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..f1be2bbdf4f
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler.c
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler.cnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..f1be2bbdf4f--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler.c @@ -0,0 +1,446 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ */ +#include < stdlib.h > +#include < string.h > +#include < stdint.h > +#include < stdio.h > +#include < errno.h > +#include " r600_compiler.h " + + struct c_vector * c_vector_new ( void ) +{ + struct c_vector *v = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct c_vector ) ) ; + + if ( v == NULL ) { + return NULL ; + } + c_list_init( v ) ; + return v ; +} + + static unsigned c_opcode_is_alu( unsigned opcode ) +{ + switch ( opcode ) { + case C_OPCODE_MOV : + case C_OPCODE_MUL : + case C_OPCODE_MAD : + case C_OPCODE_ARL : + case C_OPCODE_LIT : + case C_OPCODE_RCP : + case C_OPCODE_RSQ : + case C_OPCODE_EXP : + case C_OPCODE_LOG : + case C_OPCODE_ADD : + case C_OPCODE_DP3 : + case C_OPCODE_DP4 : + case C_OPCODE_DST : + case C_OPCODE_MIN : + case C_OPCODE_MAX : + case C_OPCODE_SLT : + case C_OPCODE_SGE : + case C_OPCODE_SUB : + case C_OPCODE_LRP : + case C_OPCODE_CND : + case C_OPCODE_DP2A : + case C_OPCODE_FRC : + case C_OPCODE_CLAMP : + case C_OPCODE_FLR : + case C_OPCODE_ROUND : + case C_OPCODE_EX2 : + case C_OPCODE_LG2 : + case C_OPCODE_POW : + case C_OPCODE_XPD : + case C_OPCODE_ABS : + case C_OPCODE_RCC : + case C_OPCODE_DPH : + case C_OPCODE_COS : + case C_OPCODE_DDX : + case C_OPCODE_DDY : + case C_OPCODE_PK2H : + case C_OPCODE_PK2US : + case C_OPCODE_PK4B : + case C_OPCODE_PK4UB : + case C_OPCODE_RFL : + case C_OPCODE_SEQ : + case C_OPCODE_SFL : + case C_OPCODE_SGT : + case C_OPCODE_SIN : + case C_OPCODE_SLE : + case C_OPCODE_SNE : + case C_OPCODE_STR : + case C_OPCODE_UP2H : + case C_OPCODE_UP2US : + case C_OPCODE_UP4B : + case C_OPCODE_UP4UB : + case C_OPCODE_X2D : + case C_OPCODE_ARA : + case C_OPCODE_ARR : + case C_OPCODE_BRA : + case C_OPCODE_SSG : + case C_OPCODE_CMP : + case C_OPCODE_SCS : + case C_OPCODE_NRM : + case C_OPCODE_DIV : + case C_OPCODE_DP2 : + case C_OPCODE_CEIL : + case C_OPCODE_I2 F : + case C_OPCODE_NOT : + case C_OPCODE_TRUNC : + case C_OPCODE_SHL : + case C_OPCODE_AND : + case C_OPCODE_OR : + case C_OPCODE_MOD : + case C_OPCODE_XOR : + case C_OPCODE_SAD : + case C_OPCODE_NRM4 : + case C_OPCODE_F2I : + case C_OPCODE_IDIV : + case C_OPCODE_IMAX : + case C_OPCODE_I MIN : + case C_OPCODE_INEG : + case C_OPCODE_ISGE : + case C_OPCODE_ISHR : + case C_OPCODE_ISLT : + case C_OPCODE_F2U : + case C_OPCODE_U2 F : + case C_OPCODE_UADD : + case C_OPCODE_UDIV : + case C_OPCODE_UMAD : + case C_OPCODE_UMAX : + case C_OPCODE_UMIN : + case C_OPCODE_UMOD : + case C_OPCODE_UMUL : + case C_OPCODE_USEQ : + case C_OPCODE_USGE : + case C_OPCODE_USHR : + case C_OPCODE_USLT : + case C_OPCODE_USNE : + return 1 ; + case C_OPCODE_END : + case C_OPCODE_VFETCH : + case C_OPCODE_KILP : + case C_OPCODE_CAL : + case C_OPCODE_RET : + case C_OPCODE_TXB : + case C_OPCODE_TXL : + case C_OPCODE_BRK : + case C_OPCODE_IF : + case C_OPCODE_BGNFOR : + case C_OPCODE_REP : + case C_OPCODE_ELSE : + case C_OPCODE_ENDIF : + case C_OPCODE_ENDFOR : + case C_OPCODE_ENDREP : + case C_OPCODE_PUSHA : + case C_OPCODE_POPA : + case C_OPCODE_TXF : + case C_OPCODE_TXQ : + case C_OPCODE_CONT : + case C_OPCODE_EMIT : + case C_OPCODE_ENDPRIM : + case C_OPCODE_BGNLOOP : + case C_OPCODE_BGNSUB : + case C_OPCODE_ENDLOOP : + case C_OPCODE_ENDSUB : + case C_OPCODE_NOP : + case C_OPCODE_CALLNZ : + case C_OPCODE_IFC : + case C_OPCODE_BREAKC : + case C_OPCODE_KIL : + case C_OPCODE_TEX : + case C_OPCODE_TXD : + case C_OPCODE_TXP : + case C_OPCODE_SWITCH : + case C_OPCODE_CASE : + case C_OPCODE_DEFAULT : + case C_OPCODE_ENDSWITCH : + default : + return 0 ; + } +} + + +/* NEW */ +void c_node_init ( struct c_node * node ) +{ + memset ( node , 0 , sizeof ( struct c_node ) ) ; + c_list_init( &node->predecessors ) ; + c_list_init( &node ->successors ) ; + c_list_init ( &node -> childs ) ; + c_list_init ( &node ->insts ) ; + node -> parent = NULL ; +} + + static struct c_node_link * c_node_link_new ( struct c_node * node ) +{ + struct c_node_link * link ; + + link = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct c_node_link ) ) ; + if ( link == NULL ) + return NULL ; + c_list_init( link ) ; + link -> node = node ; + return link ; +} + +int c_node_cfg_link ( struct c_node * predecessor , struct c_node * successor ) +{ + struct c_node_link * pedge , * sedge ; + + pedge = c_node_link_new(successor ) ; + sedge = c_node_link_new( predecessor ) ; + if ( sedge == NULL || pedge == NULL ) { + free ( sedge ) ; + free ( pedge ) ; + return - ENOMEM ; + } + c_list_add_tail( pedge , &predecessor->successors ) ; + c_list_add_tail( sedge , &successor->predecessors ) ; + return 0 ; +} + +int c_node_add_new_instruction_head ( struct c_node * node , struct c_instruction * instruction ) +{ + struct c_instruction * inst = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct c_instruction ) ) ; + + if ( inst == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + memcpy ( inst , instruction , sizeof ( struct c_instruction ) ) ; + c_list_add ( inst , &node ->insts ) ; + return 0 ; +} + +int c_node_add_new_instruction ( struct c_node * node , struct c_instruction * instruction ) +{ + struct c_instruction * inst = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct c_instruction ) ) ; + + if ( inst == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + memcpy ( inst , instruction , sizeof ( struct c_instruction ) ) ; + c_list_add_tail ( inst , &node ->insts ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + struct c_node * c_shader_cfg_new_node_after ( struct c_shader * shader , struct c_node * predecessor ) +{ + struct c_node * node = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct c_node ) ) ; + + if ( node == NULL ) + return NULL ; + c_node_init ( node ) ; + if ( c_node_cfg_link ( predecessor , node ) ) { + free ( node ) ; + return NULL ; + } + c_list_add_tail ( node , & shader -> nodes ) ; + return node ; +} + +int c_shader_init ( struct c_shader * shader , unsigned type ) +{ + unsigned i ; + int r ; + + shader -> type = type ; + for ( i = 0 ; i < C_FILE_COUNT ; i++) { + shader -> files[i].nvectors = 0 ; + c_list_init( & shader->files[i].vectors ) ; + } + c_list_init( & shader -> nodes ) ; + c_node_init ( & shader ->entry ) ; + c_node_init ( & shader ->end ) ; + shader ->entry.opcode = C_OPCODE_ENTRY ; + shader->end.opcode = C_OPCODE_END ; + r = c_node_cfg_link ( & shader ->entry , & shader -> end ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + return 0 ; +} + + struct c_vector * c_shader_vector_new ( struct c_shader * shader , unsigned file , unsigned name , int sid ) +{ + struct c_vector *v = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct c_vector ) ) ; + int i ; + + if ( v == NULL ) { + return NULL ; + } + for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; i++) { + v->channel [i ] = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct c_channel ) ) ; + if ( v-> channel [ i ] == NULL ) + goto out_err ; + v->channel [i]-> vindex = i ; + v->channel[i]-> vector = v ; + } + v-> file = file ; + v->name = name ; + v->sid = sid ; + shader -> files[v->file].nvectors ++ ; + v->id = shader -> nvectors ++ ; + c_list_add_tail( v , & shader -> files[v->file].vectors ) ; + return v ; +out_err : + for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; i++) { + free(v->channel[i ] ) ; + } + free( v ) ; + return NULL ; +} + + static void c_node_remove_link ( struct c_node_link * head , struct c_node * node ) +{ + struct c_node_link * link , * tmp ; + + c_list_for_each_safe( link , tmp , head ) { + if ( link - > node == node ) { + c_list_del ( link ) ; + free ( link ) ; + } + } +} + + static void c_node_destroy ( struct c_node * node ) +{ + struct c_instruction * i , * ni ; + struct c_node_link * link , * tmp ; + + c_list_for_each_safe(i , ni , & node -> insts ) { + c_list_del( i ) ; + free( i ) ; + } + if ( node -> parent ) + c_node_remove_link ( &node -> parent -> childs , node ) ; + node -> parent = NULL ; + c_list_for_each_safe(link , tmp , &node -> predecessors ) { + c_node_remove_link ( &link -> node -> successors , node ) ; + c_list_del ( link ) ; + free ( link ) ; + } + c_list_for_each_safe(link , tmp , &node -> successors ) { + c_node_remove_link( &link->node -> predecessors , node ) ; + c_list_del ( link ) ; + free ( link ) ; + } + c_list_for_each_safe( link , tmp , & node -> childs ) { + link -> node -> parent = NULL ; + c_list_del ( link ) ; + free ( link ) ; + } +} + +void c_shader_destroy ( struct c_shader * shader ) +{ + struct c_node *n , * nn ; + struct c_vector *v , * nv ; + unsigned i ; + + for ( i = 0 ; i < C_FILE_COUNT ; i++) { + shader -> files[i].nvectors = 0 ; + c_list_for_each_safe(v , nv , & shader -> files[i].vectors ) { + c_list_del( v ) ; + free( v->channel[0 ] ) ; + free(v->channel [ 1 ] ) ; + free(v->channel [ 2 ] ) ; + free(v->channel [ 3 ] ) ; + free( v ) ; + } + } + c_list_for_each_safe(n , nn , & shader -> nodes ) { + c_list_del(n ) ; + c_node_destroy(n ) ; + } + memset ( shader , 0 , sizeof ( struct c_shader ) ) ; +} + + static void c_shader_dfs_without_rec(struct c_node * entry , struct c_node * node ) +{ + struct c_node_link * link ; + + if ( entry == node || entry -> visited ) + return ; + entry -> visited = 1 ; + c_list_for_each( link , &entry -> successors ) { + c_shader_dfs_without_rec( link -> node , node ) ; + } +} + + static void c_shader_dfs_without ( struct c_shader * shader , struct c_node * node ) +{ + struct c_node *n ; + + shader ->entry.visited = 0 ; + shader ->end.visited = 0 ; + c_list_for_each(n , & shader -> nodes ) { + n-> visited = 0 ; + } + c_shader_dfs_without_rec( &shader ->entry , node ) ; +} + + static int c_shader_build_dominator_tree_rec(struct c_shader * shader , struct c_node * node ) +{ + struct c_node_link * link , * nlink ; + unsigned found = 0 ; + int r ; + + if ( node - > done ) + return 0 ; + node -> done = 1 ; + c_list_for_each( link , &node -> predecessors ) { + /* if we remove this predecessor can we reach the current node ?
*/ + c_shader_dfs_without ( shader , link -> node ) ; + if ( node -> visited == 0 ) { + /* we were unable to visit current node thus current + * predecessor is the immediate dominator of node , as + * their can be only one immediate dominator we break + */ + node -> parent = link -> node ; + nlink = c_node_link_new ( node ) ; + if ( nlink == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + c_list_add_tail ( nlink , &link -> node -> childs ) ; + found = 1 ; + break ; + } + } + /* this should n't happen there should at least be 1 denominator for each node */ + if (! found && node -> opcode != C_OPCODE_ENTRY ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " invalid flow control graph node %p ( %d ) has no immediate dominator
" , + node , node -> opcode ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + c_list_for_each( link , &node-> predecessors ) { + r = c_shader_build_dominator_tree_rec( shader , link -> node ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + } + return 0 ; +} + +int c_shader_build_dominator_tree( struct c_shader * shader ) +{ + struct c_node * node ; + c_list_for_each ( node , & shader -> nodes ) { + node -> done = 0 ; + } + return c_shader_build_dominator_tree_rec(shader , & shader ->end ) ; +}
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..d3c13b519be
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler.h
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler.hnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..d3c13b519be--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler.h @@ -0,0 +1,329 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ */ +#ifndef R600 _COMPILER_H
+#define R600 _COMPILER_H
+ + struct c_vector ; + +/* operand are the basic source / destination of each operation */ + struct c_channel { + struct c_channel * next ; + struct c_channel * prev ; + unsigned vindex ; /**< index in vector X , Y , Z , W ( 0,1,2,3 ) */ + unsigned value ; /**< immediate value 32bits */ + struct c_vector * vector ; /**< vector to which it belongs */ +} ; + +/* in GPU world most of the time operand are grouped into vector + * of 4 component this structure is mostly and handler to group + * operand into a same vector + */ + struct c_vector { + struct c_vector * next ; + struct c_vector * prev ; + unsigned id ; /**< vector uniq id */ + unsigned name ; /**< semantic name */ + unsigned file ; /**< operand file C_FILE _* */ + int sid ; /**< semantic id */ + struct c_channel * channel [ 4 ] ; /**< operands */ +} ; + +#define c_list_init(e ) do { ( e ) -> next = e ; ( e ) -> prev = e ; } while ( 0 ) +#define c_list_add(e , h ) do { ( e ) -> next = ( h ) -> next ; ( e ) -> prev = h ; ( h ) -> next = e ; ( e ) -> next -> prev = e ; } while ( 0 ) +#define c_list_add_tail(e , h) do { ( e ) -> next = h ; ( e ) -> prev = ( h ) -> prev ; ( h ) -> prev = e ; ( e ) -> prev -> next = e ; } while ( 0 ) +#define c_list_del(e ) do { ( e ) -> next -> prev = ( e ) -> prev ; ( e ) -> prev -> next = ( e ) -> next ; c_list_init(e ) ; } while ( 0 ) +#define c_list_for_each( p , h ) for ( p = ( h ) -> next ; p != ( h ) ; p = p->next ) +#define c_list_for_each_from( p , s , h ) for ( p = s ; p != ( h ) ; p = p-> next ) +# define c_list_for_each_safe(p , n , h ) for ( p = ( h ) -> next , n = p-> next ; p != ( h ) ; p = n , n = p-> next ) +# define c_list_empty (h ) ( ( h ) -> next == h ) + + +#define C_PROGRAM_TYPE_VS
0 +#define C_PROGRAM_TYPE_FS
1 +#define C_PROGRAM_TYPE_COUNT
2 + +#define C_NODE_FLAG_ALU
1 +#define C_NODE_FLAG_FETCH
2 + +#define C_SWIZZLE_X 0 +#define C_SWIZZLE_Y 1 +#define C_SWIZZLE_Z 2 +#define C_SWIZZLE_W
3 +#define C_SWIZZLE_0 4 +#define C_SWIZZLE_1 5 +#define C_SWIZZLE_D
6 /**< discard */ + +#define C_FILE_NULL
0 +#define C_FILE_CONSTANT
1 +#define C_FILE_INPUT
2 +#define C_FILE_OUTPUT
3 +#define C_FILE_TEMPORARY
4 +#define C_FILE_SAMPLER
5 +#define C_FILE_ADDRESS
6 +#define C_FILE_IMMEDIATE
7 +#define C_FILE_LOOP
8 +#define C_FILE_PREDICATE
9 +#define C_FILE_SYSTEM_VALUE
10 +#define C_FILE_RESOURCE
11 +#define C_FILE_COUNT
12 + +#define C_SEMANTIC_POSITION
0 +#define C_SEMANTIC_COLOR
1 +#define C_SEMANTIC_BCOLOR
2 /**< back - face color */ +#define C_SEMANTIC_FOG
3 +#define C_SEMANTIC_PSIZE
4 +#define C_SEMANTIC_GENERIC
5 +#define C_SEMANTIC_NORMAL
6 +#define C_SEMANTIC_FACE
7 +#define C_SEMANTIC_EDGEFLAG
8 +#define C_SEMANTIC_PRIMID
9 +#define C_SEMANTIC_INSTANCEID
10 +#define C_SEMANTIC_VERTEXID
11 +#define C_SEMANTIC_COUNT
12 /**< number of semantic values */ + +#define C_OPCODE_ARL
0 +#define C_OPCODE_MOV
1 +#define C_OPCODE_LIT
2 +#define C_OPCODE_RCP
3 +#define C_OPCODE_RSQ
4 +#define C_OPCODE_EXP
5 +#define C_OPCODE_LOG
6 +#define C_OPCODE_MUL
7 +#define C_OPCODE_ADD
8 +#define C_OPCODE_DP3 9 +#define C_OPCODE_DP4 10 +#define C_OPCODE_DST
11 +#define C_OPCODE_MIN 12 +#define C_OPCODE_MAX 13 +#define C_OPCODE_SLT
14 +#define C_OPCODE_SGE 15 +#define C_OPCODE_MAD 16 +#define C_OPCODE_SUB
17 +#define C_OPCODE_LRP
18 +#define C_OPCODE_CND
19 +/* gap */ +#define C_OPCODE_DP2A
21 +/* gap */ +#define C_OPCODE_FRC
24 +#define C_OPCODE_CLAMP
25 +#define C_OPCODE_FLR 26 +#define C_OPCODE_ROUND 27 +#define C_OPCODE_EX2 28 +#define C_OPCODE_LG2 29 +#define C_OPCODE_POW
30 +#define C_OPCODE_XPD
31 +/* gap */ +#define C_OPCODE_ABS
33 +#define C_OPCODE_RCC
34 +#define C_OPCODE_DPH
35 +#define C_OPCODE_COS
36 +#define C_OPCODE_DDX 37 +#define C_OPCODE_DDY 38 +#define C_OPCODE_KILP
39 /* predicated kill */ +#define C_OPCODE_PK2H 40 +#define C_OPCODE_PK2US 41 +#define C_OPCODE_PK4B 42 +#define C_OPCODE_PK4UB
43 +#define C_OPCODE_RFL 44 +#define C_OPCODE_SEQ 45 +#define C_OPCODE_SFL 46 +#define C_OPCODE_SGT
47 +#define C_OPCODE_SIN 48 +#define C_OPCODE_SLE 49 +#define C_OPCODE_SNE 50 +#define C_OPCODE_STR 51 +#define C_OPCODE_TEX 52 +#define C_OPCODE_TXD 53 +#define C_OPCODE_TXP
54 +#define C_OPCODE_UP2H
55 +#define C_OPCODE_UP2US 56 +#define C_OPCODE_UP4B 57 +#define C_OPCODE_UP4UB
58 +#define C_OPCODE_X2D 59 +#define C_OPCODE_ARA
60 +#define C_OPCODE_ARR 61 +#define C_OPCODE_BRA
62 +#define C_OPCODE_CAL
63 +#define C_OPCODE_RET
64 +#define C_OPCODE_SSG
65 /* SGN */ +#define C_OPCODE_CMP
66 +#define C_OPCODE_SCS
67 +#define C_OPCODE_TXB
68 +#define C_OPCODE_NRM
69 +#define C_OPCODE_DIV 70 +#define C_OPCODE_DP2 71 +#define C_OPCODE_TXL 72 +#define C_OPCODE_BRK 73 +#define C_OPCODE_IF 74 +#define C_OPCODE_BGNFOR 75 +#define C_OPCODE_REP
76 +#define C_OPCODE_ELSE 77 +#define C_OPCODE_ENDIF
78 +#define C_OPCODE_ENDFOR 79 +#define C_OPCODE_ENDREP
80 +#define C_OPCODE_PUSHA 81 +#define C_OPCODE_POPA 82 +#define C_OPCODE_CEIL 83 +#define C_OPCODE_I2 F 84 +#define C_OPCODE_NOT 85 +#define C_OPCODE_TRUNC
86 +#define C_OPCODE_SHL
87 +/* gap */ +#define C_OPCODE_AND 89 +#define C_OPCODE_OR 90 +#define C_OPCODE_MOD 91 +#define C_OPCODE_XOR 92 +#define C_OPCODE_SAD 93 +#define C_OPCODE_TXF
94 +#define C_OPCODE_TXQ 95 +#define C_OPCODE_CONT 96 +#define C_OPCODE_EMIT 97 +#define C_OPCODE_ENDPRIM
98 +#define C_OPCODE_BGNLOOP
99 +#define C_OPCODE_BGNSUB
100 +#define C_OPCODE_ENDLOOP
101 +#define C_OPCODE_ENDSUB
102 +/* gap */ +#define C_OPCODE_NOP
107 +/* gap */ +#define C_OPCODE_NRM4 112 +#define C_OPCODE_CALLNZ
113 +#define C_OPCODE_IFC
114 +#define C_OPCODE_BREAKC
115 +#define C_OPCODE_KIL
116 /* conditional kill */ +#define C_OPCODE_END
117 /* aka HALT */ +/* gap */ +#define C_OPCODE_F2I 119 +#define C_OPCODE_IDIV
120 +#define C_OPCODE_IMAX 121 +#define C_OPCODE_IMIN 122 +#define C_OPCODE_INEG
123 +#define C_OPCODE_ISGE
124 +#define C_OPCODE_ISHR
125 +#define C_OPCODE_ISLT
126 +#define C_OPCODE_F2U 127 +#define C_OPCODE_U2 F 128 +#define C_OPCODE_UADD
129 +#define C_OPCODE_UDIV
130 +#define C_OPCODE_UMAD
131 +#define C_OPCODE_UMAX 132 +#define C_OPCODE_UMIN
133 +#define C_OPCODE_UMOD
134 +#define C_OPCODE_UMUL
135 +#define C_OPCODE_USEQ
136 +#define C_OPCODE_USGE
137 +#define C_OPCODE_USHR
138 +#define C_OPCODE_USLT
139 +#define C_OPCODE_USNE
140 +#define C_OPCODE_SWITCH
141 +#define C_OPCODE_CASE
142 +#define C_OPCODE_DEFAULT
143 +#define C_OPCODE_ENDSWITCH
144 +#define C_OPCODE_VFETCH
145 +#define C_OPCODE_ENTRY
146 +#define C_OPCODE_LAST
147 + +#define C_OPERAND_FLAG_ABS
( 1 << 0 ) +#define C_OPERAND_FLAG_NEG
( 1 << 1 ) + + struct c_operand { + struct c_vector * vector ; + unsigned swizzle [ 4 ] ; + unsigned flag [ 4 ] ; +} ; + + struct c_instruction { + struct c_instruction * next , * prev ; + unsigned opcode ; + unsigned ninput ; + struct c_operand input [ 3 ] ; + struct c_operand output ; + unsigned write_mask ; + void * backend ; +} ; + + struct c_node ; + + struct c_node_link { + struct c_node_link * next ; + struct c_node_link * prev ; + struct c_node * node ; +} ; + +/** + * struct c_node + * + * @next : all node are in a double linked list , this point to + * next node + * @next : all node are in a double linked list , this point to + * previous node + * @predecessors : list of all predecessor nodes in the flow graph + * @successors : list of all sucessor nodes in the flow graph + * @parent : parent node in the depth first walk tree + * @childs : child nodes in the depth first walk tree + */ + struct c_node { + struct c_node * next , * prev ; + struct c_node_link predecessors ; + struct c_node_link successors ; + struct c_node * parent ; + struct c_node_link childs ; + struct c_instruction insts ; + unsigned opcode ; + unsigned visited ; + unsigned done ; + void * backend ; +} ; + + struct c_file { + unsigned nvectors ; + struct c_vector vectors ; +} ; + + struct c_shader { + unsigned nvectors ; + struct c_file files [ C_FILE_COUNT ] ; + struct c_node nodes ; + struct c_node entry ; + struct c_node end ; + unsigned type ; +} ; + +int c_shader_init ( struct c_shader * shader , unsigned type ) ; +void c_shader_destroy ( struct c_shader * shader ) ; + struct c_vector * c_shader_vector_new ( struct c_shader * shader , unsigned file , unsigned name , int sid ) ; +int c_shader_build_dominator_tree( struct c_shader * shader ) ; +void c_shader_dump ( struct c_shader * shader ) ; + +void c_node_init ( struct c_node * node ) ; +int c_node_add_new_instruction ( struct c_node * node , struct c_instruction * instruction ) ; +int c_node_add_new_instruction_head ( struct c_node * node , struct c_instruction * instruction ) ; + +/* control flow graph functions */ +int c_node_cfg_link ( struct c_node * predecessor , struct c_node * successor ) ; + struct c_node * c_node_cfg_new_after ( struct c_node * predecessor ) ; + struct c_node * c_shader_cfg_new_node_after ( struct c_shader * shader , struct c_node * predecessor ) ; + + struct c_vector * c_vector_new ( void ) ; + +#endif
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..9df6a38598e
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_dump.c
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_dump.cnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..9df6a38598e--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_dump.c @@ -0,0 +1,270 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ */ +#include < stdlib.h > +#include < string.h > +#include < stdint.h > +#include < stdio.h > +#include " r600_compiler.h " + + static const char * c_file_swz [ ] = { + " x " , + " y " , + " z " , + " w " , + " 0 " , + " 1 " , + " . " , +} ; + + static const char * c_file_str [ ] = { + " NULL " , + " CONSTANT " , + " INPUT " , + " OUTPUT " , + " TEMPORARY " , + " SAMPLER " , + " ADDRESS " , + " IMMEDIATE " , + " LOOP " , + " PREDICATE " , + " SYSTEM_VALUE " , +} ; + + static const char * c_semantic_str [ ] = { + " POSITION " , + " COLOR " , + " BCOLOR " , + " FOG " , + " PSIZE " , + " GENERIC " , + " NORMAL " , + " FACE " , + " EDGEFLAG " , + " PRIMID " , + " INSTANCEID " , +} ; + + static const char * c_opcode_str [ ] = { + " ARL " , + " MOV " , + " LIT " , + " RCP " , + " RSQ " , + " EXP " , + " LOG " , + " MUL " , + " ADD " , + " DP3 " , + " DP4 " , + " DST " , + " MIN " , + " MAX " , + " SLT " , + " SGE " , + " MAD " , + " SUB " , + " LRP " , + " CND " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " DP2A " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " FRC " , + " CLAMP " , + " FLR " , + " ROUND " , + " EX2 " , + " LG2 " , + " POW " , + " XPD " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " ABS " , + " RCC " , + " DPH " , + " COS " , + " DDX " , + " DDY " , + " KILP " , + " PK2H " , + " PK2US " , + " PK4B " , + " PK4UB " , + " RFL " , + " SEQ " , + " SFL " , + " SGT " , + " SIN " , + " SLE " , + " SNE " , + " STR " , + " TEX " , + " TXD " , + " TXP " , + " UP2H " , + " UP2US " , + " UP4B " , + " UP4UB " , + " X2D " , + " ARA " , + " ARR " , + " BRA " , + " CAL " , + " RET " , + " SSG " , + " CMP " , + " SCS " , + " TXB " , + " NRM " , + " DIV " , + " DP2 " , + " TXL " , + " BRK " , + " IF " , + " BGNFOR " , + " REP " , + " ELSE " , + " ENDIF " , + " ENDFOR " , + " ENDREP " , + " PUSHA " , + " POPA " , + " CEIL " , + " I2 F " , + " NOT " , + " TRUNC " , + " SHL " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " AND " , + " OR " , + " MOD " , + " XOR " , + " SAD " , + " TXF " , + " TXQ " , + " CONT " , + " EMIT " , + " ENDPRIM " , + " BGNLOOP " , + " BGNSUB " , + " ENDLOOP " , + " ENDSUB " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " NOP " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " NRM4 " , + " CALLNZ " , + " IFC " , + " BREAKC " , + " KIL " , + " END " , + " ( INVALID ) " , + " F2I " , + " IDIV " , + " IMAX " , + " IMIN " , + " INEG " , + " ISGE " , + " ISHR " , + " ISLT " , + " F2U " , + " U2 F " , + " UADD " , + " UDIV " , + " UMAD " , + " UMAX " , + " UMIN " , + " UMOD " , + " UMUL" , + " USEQ " , + " USGE " , + " USHR " , + " USLT " , + " USNE " , + " SWITCH " , + " CASE " , + " DEFAULT " , + " ENDSWITCH " , + " VFETCH " , + " ENTRY " , +} ; + +static inline const char * c_get_name ( const char * name [ ] , unsigned i ) +{ + return name [ i ] ; +} + + static void pindent ( unsigned indent ) +{ + unsigned i ; + for ( i = 0 ; i < indent ; i++ ) + fprintf ( stderr , " " ) ; +} + + static void c_node_dump ( struct c_node * node , unsigned indent ) +{ + struct c_instruction * i ; + unsigned j ; + + pindent ( indent ) ; fprintf ( stderr , " # node %s
" , c_get_name ( c_opcode_str , node -> opcode ) ) ; + c_list_for_each( i , &node ->insts ) { + pindent ( indent ) ; fprintf ( stderr , " %s " , c_get_name ( c_opcode_str , i->opcode ) ) ; + fprintf ( stderr , " % s [ %d ] [ %s%s%s %s ] " , + c_get_name( c_file_str , i->output.vector -> file ) , + i->output.vector->id , + c_get_name(c_file_swz , i->output.swizzle[0 ] ) , + c_get_name(c_file_swz , i->output.swizzle [ 1 ] ) , + c_get_name(c_file_swz , i->output.swizzle [ 2 ] ) , + c_get_name(c_file_swz , i->output.swizzle [ 3 ] ) ) ; + for ( j = 0 ; j < i-> ninput ; j++ ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " % s [ %d ] [ %s%s%s %s ] " , + c_get_name( c_file_str , i->input[j].vector -> file ) , + i->input[j].vector->id , + c_get_name(c_file_swz , i->input[j].swizzle[0 ] ) , + c_get_name(c_file_swz , i->input[j].swizzle [ 1 ] ) , + c_get_name(c_file_swz , i->input[j].swizzle [ 2 ] ) , + c_get_name(c_file_swz , i->input[j].swizzle [ 3 ] ) ) ; + } + fprintf ( stderr , " ;
" ) ; + } +} + + static void c_shader_dump_rec( struct c_shader * shader , struct c_node * node , unsigned indent ) +{ + struct c_node_link * link ; + + c_node_dump ( node , indent ) ; + c_list_for_each( link , &node -> childs ) { + c_shader_dump_rec( shader , link -> node , indent + 1 ) ; + } +} + +void c_shader_dump( struct c_shader * shader ) +{ + c_shader_dump_rec( shader , & shader -> entry , 0 ) ; +}
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..bed2b72f247
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_r600.c
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_r600.cnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..bed2b72f247--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_r600.c @@ -0,0 +1,763 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ */ +#include < stdlib.h > +#include < string.h > +#include < stdint.h > +#include < stdio.h > +#include < errno.h > +#include < util/u_format.h > +#include " r600_context.h " +#include " r600_sq.h " + + + struct r600_shader_alu_translate { + unsigned copcode ; + unsigned opcode ; + unsigned is_op3 ; +} ; + + static int r600_shader_alu_translate ( struct r600_shader *rshader , + struct c_instruction * instruction ) ; + struct r600_shader_alu_translate r600_alu_translate_list[C_OPCODE_LAST ] ; + +int r600_shader_insert_fetch ( struct c_shader * shader ) +{ + struct c_vector * vi , *vr , *v , * nv ; + struct c_instruction instruction ; + int r ; + + if ( shader -> type != C_PROGRAM_TYPE_VS ) + return 0 ; + vi = c_shader_vector_new( shader , C_FILE_INPUT , C_SEMANTIC_VERTEXID , - 1 ) ; + if ( vi == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + c_list_for_each_safe(v , nv , & shader-> files[C_FILE_INPUT].vectors ) { + if ( v == vi ) + continue ; + vr = c_shader_vector_new ( shader , C_FILE_RESOURCE , C_SEMANTIC_GENERIC , - 1 ) ; + if ( vr == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + memset ( &ins truction , 0 , sizeof ( struct c_instruction ) ) ; + instruction.opcode = C_OPCODE_VFETCH ; + instruction.write_mask = 0xF ; + instruction.ninput = 2 ; + instruction.output.vector = v ; + instruction.input[0].vector = vi ; + instruction.input[1].vector = vr ; + instruction.output.swizzle[0 ] = C_SWIZZLE_X ; + instruction.output.swizzle [ 1 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Y ; + instruction.output.swizzle [ 2 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Z ; + instruction.output.swizzle [ 3 ] = C_SWIZZLE_W ; + r = c_node_add_new_instruction_head( &shader ->entry , &instruction ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + c_list_del(v ) ; + shader -> files [C_FILE_INPUT].nvectors--; + c_list_add_tail( v , & shader->files[C_FILE_TEMPORARY].vectors ) ; + shader -> files [C_FILE_TEMPORARY].nvectors++ ; + v->file = C_FILE_TEMPORARY ; + } + return 0 ; +} + +void r600_shader_cleanup( struct r600_shader * rshader ) +{ + struct r600_shader_node *n , *nn ; + struct r600_shader_vfetch *vf , *nvf ; + struct r600_shader_alu * alu , * nalu ; + int i ; + + if ( rshader == NULL ) + return ; + if ( rshader - > gpr ) { + for ( i = 0 ; i < rshader -> nvector ; i++) { + free ( rshader -> gpr[i ] ) ; + } + free ( rshader ->gpr ) ; + rshader -> gpr = NULL ; + } + c_list_for_each_safe(n , nn , &rshader -> nodes ) { + c_list_del(n ) ; + c_list_for_each_safe( vf , nvf , &n -> vfetch ) { + c_list_del ( vf ) ; + free ( vf ) ; + } + c_list_for_each_safe( alu , nalu , &n -> alu ) { + c_list_del ( alu ) ; + free ( alu ) ; + } + free(n ) ; + } + free ( rshader -> bcode ) ; + return ; +} + +int r600_shader_vfetch_bytecode( struct r600_shader *rshader , + struct r600_shader_node *rnode , + struct r600_shader_vfetch
*vfetch , + unsigned * cid ) +{ + unsigned id = * cid ; + + vfetch -> cf_addr = id ; + rshader ->bcode[id++]
= S_SQ_VTX_WORD0_BUFFER_ID(vfetch->sel [ 2 ] ) | + S_SQ_VTX_WORD0_SRC_GPR( vfetch->sel [ 1 ] ) | + S_SQ_VTX_WORD0_SRC_SEL_X(vfetch->chan[ 1 ] ) | + S_SQ_VTX_WORD0_MEGA_FETCH_COUNT( 0x1F ) ; + rshader ->bcode[id ++] = S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_X(vfetch->dsel[0 ] ) | + S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_Y( vfetch->dsel [ 1 ] ) | + S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_Z(vfetch->dsel [ 2 ] ) | + S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_W( vfetch->dsel [ 3 ] ) | + S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_USE_CONST_FIELDS(1 ) | + S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_GPR_DST_GPR(vfetch->sel[0 ] ) ; + rshader ->bcode[id++]
= S_SQ_VTX_WORD2_MEGA_FETCH( 1 ) ; + rshader ->bcode [id ++] = 0 ; + * cid = id ; + return 0 ; +} + +int r600_shader_update ( struct r600_shader *rshader , enum pipe_format * resource_format ) +{ + struct r600_shader_node * rnode ; + struct r600_shader_vfetch
*vfetch ; + unsigned i ; + + memcpy ( rshader->resource_format , resource_format , + rshader -> nresource * sizeof ( enum pipe_format ) ) ; + c_list_for_each( rnode , &rshader -> nodes ) { + c_list_for_each( vfetch , &rnode ->vfetch ) { + const struct util_format_description * desc ; + i = vfetch -> cf_addr + 1 ; + rshader -> bcode [i ] &= C_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_X ; + rshader ->bcode [i ] &= C_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_Y ; + rshader ->bcode [i ] &= C_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_Z ; + rshader->bcode [i ] &= C_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_W ; + desc = util_format_description(resource_format[vfetch->sel [ 2 ] ] ) ; + if ( desc == NULL ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s unknown format %d
" , __func__ , resource_format[ vfetch ->sel [ 2 ] ] ) ; + continue ; + } + /* WARNING so far TGSI swizzle match R600 ones */ + rshader ->bcode [i ] |= S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_X( desc->swizzle[0 ] ) ; + rshader -> bcode [i ] |= S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_Y( desc->swizzle [ 1 ] ) ; + rshader -> bcode [i ] |= S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_Z( desc->swizzle [ 2 ] ) ; + rshader -> bcode [i ] |= S_SQ_VTX_WORD1_DST_SEL_W( desc->swizzle[ 3 ] ) ; + } + } + return 0 ; +} + +int r600_shader_register ( struct r600_shader * rshader ) +{ + struct c_vector *v , * nv ; + unsigned tid , cid , rid , i ; + + rshader -> nvector = rshader->cshader.nvectors ; + rshader -> gpr = calloc( rshader -> nvector , sizeof ( void* ) ) ; + if ( rshader - > gpr == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + tid = 0 ; + cid = 0 ; + rid = 0 ; + /* alloc input first */ + c_list_for_each(v , &rshader->cshader.files[C_FILE_INPUT].vectors ) { + nv = c_vector_new ( ) ; + if ( nv == NULL ) { + return - ENOMEM ; + } + memcpy ( nv , v , sizeof ( struct c_vector ) ) ; + nv->id = tid ++ ; + rshader -> gpr[v->id ] = nv ; + } + for ( i = 0 ; i < C_FILE_COUNT ; i++) { + if ( i == C_FILE_INPUT || i == C_FILE_IMMEDIATE ) + continue ; + c_list_for_each(v , &rshader->cshader.files[i].vectors ) { + switch ( v-> file ) { + case C_FILE_OUTPUT : + case C_FILE_TEMPORARY : + nv = c_vector_new ( ) ; + if ( nv == NULL ) { + return - ENOMEM ; + } + memcpy ( nv , v , sizeof ( struct c_vector ) ) ; + nv->id = tid ++ ; + rshader -> gpr[v->id ] = nv ; + break ; + case C_FILE_CONSTANT : + nv = c_vector_new ( ) ; + if ( nv == NULL ) { + return - ENOMEM ; + } + memcpy ( nv , v , sizeof ( struct c_vector ) ) ; + nv->id = ( cid ++ ) + 256 ; + rshader -> gpr[v->id ] = nv ; + break ; + case C_FILE_RESOURCE : + nv = c_vector_new ( ) ; + if ( nv == NULL ) { + return - ENOMEM ; + } + memcpy ( nv , v , sizeof ( struct c_vector ) ) ; + nv->id = ( rid ++ ) ; + rshader -> gpr[v->id ] = nv ; + break ; + default : + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported file %d
" , __func__ , __LINE__ , v-> file ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + } + } + rshader -> ngpr = tid ; + rshader -> nconstant = cid ; + rshader -> nresource = rid ; + return 0 ; +} + +int r600_shader_find_gpr( struct r600_shader *rshader , struct c_vector *v , + unsigned swizzle , unsigned * sel , unsigned * chan ) +{ + struct c_vector * tmp ; + + /* Values [ 0,127 ] correspond to GPR [ 0..127 ] . + * Values [ 256,511 ] correspond to cfile constants c [ 0..255 ] . + *
Other special values are shown in the list below .
+ * 248 SQ_ALU_SRC_0 : special constant 0.0 . + * 249 SQ_ALU_SRC_1 : special constant 1.0 float .
+ * 250 SQ_ALU_SRC_1_INT : special constant 1 integer .
+ * 251 SQ_ALU_SRC_M_1_INT : special constant - 1 integer .
+ * 252 SQ_ALU_SRC_0_5 : special constant 0.5 float .
+ * 253 SQ_ALU_SRC_LITERAL : literal constant .
+ * 254 SQ_ALU_SRC_PV : previous vector result .
+ * 255 SQ_ALU_SRC_PS : previous scalar result .
+ */ + * sel = 248 ; + * chan = 0 ; + if ( v == NULL ) + return 0 ; + if ( v-> file == C_FILE_IMMEDIATE ) { + * sel = 253 ; + } else { + tmp = rshader -> gpr[v->id ] ; + if ( tmp == NULL ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d unknown register
" , __FILE__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + * sel = tmp ->id ; + } + * chan = swizzle ; + switch ( swizzle ) { + case C_SWIZZLE_X : + case C_SWIZZLE_Y : + case C_SWIZZLE_Z : + case C_SWIZZLE_W : + break ; + case C_SWIZZLE_0 : + * sel = 248 ; + * chan = 0 ; + break ; + case C_SWIZZLE_1 : + * sel = 249 ; + * chan = 0 ; + break ; + default : + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d invalid swizzle %d
" , __FILE__ , __LINE__ , swizzle ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + return 0 ; +} + + static int r600_shader_new_node( struct r600_shader *rshader , struct c_node * node ) +{ + struct r600_shader_node * rnode ; + rnode = CALLOC_STRUCT(r600_shader_node ) ; + if ( rnode == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + rnode -> node = node ; + c_list_init ( &rnode->vfetch ) ; + c_list_init ( &rnode -> alu ) ; + c_list_add_tail ( rnode , &rshader -> nodes ) ; + rshader -> cur_node = rnode ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int r600_shader_new_alu(struct r600_shader *rshader , struct r600_shader_alu * alu ) +{ + struct r600_shader_alu * nalu ; + + nalu = CALLOC_STRUCT(r600_shader_alu ) ; + if ( nalu == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + memcpy ( nalu , alu , sizeof ( struct r600_shader_alu ) ) ; + c_list_add_tail( nalu , &rshader->cur_node ->alu ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int r600_shader_add_vfetch ( struct r600_shader *rshader , + struct c_instruction * instruction ) +{ + struct r600_shader_vfetch
* vfetch ; + int r ; + + if ( instruction == NULL ) + return 0 ; + if ( instruction -> opcode != C_OPCODE_VFETCH ) + return 0 ; + if (!c_list_empty ( &rshader->cur_node ->alu ) ) { + r = r600_shader_new_node( rshader , rshader -> cur_node ->node ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + } + vfetch = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct r600_shader_vfetch ) ) ; + if ( vfetch == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + r = r600_shader_find_gpr(rshader , instruction->output.vector , 0 , &vfetch -> sel [0 ] , &vfetch -> chan [ 0 ] ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + r = r600_shader_find_gpr( rshader , instruction -> input [ 0].vector , 0 , &vfetch -> sel [ 1 ] , &vfetch -> chan [ 1 ] ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + r = r600_shader_find_gpr( rshader , instruction -> input [ 1].vector , 0 , &vfetch -> sel [ 2 ] , &vfetch -> chan [ 2 ] ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + vfetch -> dsel [ 0 ] = C_SWIZZLE_X ; + vfetch ->dsel [ 1 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Y ; + vfetch ->dsel [ 2 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Z ; + vfetch ->dsel [ 3 ] = C_SWIZZLE_W ; + c_list_add_tail( vfetch , &rshader->cur_node ->vfetch ) ; + rshader->cur_node ->nslot += 2 ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int r600_node_translate ( struct r600 _shader * rshader , struct c_node * node ) +{ + struct c_instruction * instruction ; + int r ; + + r = r600_shader_new_node( rshader , node ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + c_list_for_each( instruction , &node ->insts ) { + switch ( instruction -> opcode ) { + case C_OPCODE_VFETCH : + r = r600_shader_add_vfetch( rshader , instruction ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + break ; + default : + r = r600_shader_alu_translate( rshader , instruction ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + break ; + } + } + return 0 ; +} + +int r600_shader_translate_rec( struct r600_shader *rshader , struct c_node * node ) +{ + struct c_node_link * link ; + int r ; + + if ( node -> opcode == C_OPCODE_END ) + return 0 ; + r = r600_node_translate ( rshader , node ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + c_list_for_each( link , &node -> childs ) { + r = r600_shader_translate_rec( rshader , link -> node ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + } + return 0 ; +} + + static int r600_shader_alu_translate ( struct r600_shader *rshader , + struct c_instruction * instruction ) +{ + struct r600_shader_alu_translate * info = &r600 _alu_translate_list[instruction ->opcode ] ; + struct r600_shader_alu alu ; + unsigned rmask ; + int r , i , j , c ; + + if (!c_list_empty ( &rshader->cur_node ->vfetch ) ) { + r = r600_shader_new_node( rshader , rshader -> cur_node ->node ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + } + memset ( &alu , 0 , sizeof ( struct r600_shader_alu ) ) ; + for ( i = 0 , c = 0 ; i < 4 ; i++) { + if (!( instruction -> write_mask ) || instruction->output.swizzle[i ] == C_SWIZZLE_D ) + continue ; + alu.alu[c].opcode = instruction ->opcode ; + alu.alu[c].inst = info->opcode ; + alu.alu[c].is_op3 = info->is_op3 ; + rmask = ~(( 1 << ( i + 1 ) ) - 1 ) ; + r = r600_shader_find_gpr(rshader , instruction->output.vector , + instruction->output.swizzle[i ] , + &alu.alu[c].dst.sel , &alu.alu[c].dst.chan ) ; + if ( r ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d register failed
" , __FILE__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return r ; + } + for ( j = 0 ; j < instruction -> ninput ; j++ ) { + r = r600_shader_find_gpr(rshader , instruction -> input[j].vector , + instruction->input[j].swizzle[i ] , + &alu.alu[c].src[j].sel , &alu.alu[c].src[j ].chan ) ; + if ( r ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d register failed
" , __FILE__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return r ; + } + if ( instruction ->input[j].vector-> file == C_FILE_IMMEDIATE ) { + alu.literal [ 0 ] = instruction -> input[j].vector->channel[0 ]-> value ; + alu.literal [ 1 ] = instruction -> input[j].vector->channel[1 ]-> value ; + alu.literal [ 2 ] = instruction -> input[j].vector->channel[2]-> value ; + alu.literal [ 3 ] = instruction -> input[j].vector->channel[3 ]-> value ; + if ( alu.alu[c].src[j ].chan >
1 ) { + alu.nliteral = 4 ; + } else { + alu.nliteral = 2 ; + } + } + } + c++ ; + } + alu.nalu = c ; + alu.alu[c - 1 ] .last = 1 ; + r = r600_shader_new_alu( rshader , &alu ) ; + return r ; +} + +void r600_shader_node_place( struct r600_shader * rshader ) +{ + struct r600_shader_node * node , * nnode ; + struct r600_shader_alu * alu , * nalu ; + struct r600_shader_vfetch
*vfetch , * nvfetch ; + unsigned cf_id = 0 , cf_addr = 0 ; + + rshader ->ncf = 0 ; + rshader ->nslot = 0 ; + c_list_for_each_safe( node , nnode , &rshader -> nodes ) { + c_list_for_each_safe( alu , nalu , &node -> alu ) { + node -> nslot += alu -> nalu ; + node -> nslot += alu -> nliteral >>
1 ; + } + node ->nfetch = 0 ; + c_list_for_each_safe( vfetch , nvfetch , & node -> vfetch ) { + node ->nslot += 2 ; + node ->nfetch += 1 ; + } + if (!c_list_empty ( &node ->vfetch ) ) { + /* fetch node need to be 16 bytes aligned */ + cf_addr += 1 ; + cf_addr &= 0xFFFFFFFEUL ; + } + node -> cf_id = cf_id ; + node -> cf_addr = cf_addr ; + cf_id += 2 ; + cf_addr += node ->nslot * 2 ; + rshader ->ncf ++ ; + } + rshader -> nslot = cf_addr ; + c_list_for_each_safe( node , nnode , &rshader -> nodes ) { + node -> cf_addr += cf_id * 2 ; + } + rshader ->ncf += rshader->cshader.files[C_FILE_OUTPUT].nvectors ; + rshader ->ndw = rshader ->ncf * 2 + rshader ->nslot * 2 ; +} + +int r600_shader_legalize( struct r600_shader * rshader ) +{ + struct r600_shader_node * node , * nnode ; + struct r600_shader_alu * alu , * nalu ; + unsigned i ; + + c_list_for_each_safe( node , nnode , &rshader -> nodes ) { + c_list_for_each_safe( alu , nalu , &node -> alu ) { + for ( i = 0 ; i < alu -> nalu ; i++) { + switch ( alu -> alu[ i].opcode ) { + case C_OPCODE_DP3 : + if ( alu -> alu[ i].last ) { + /* force W component to be 0 */ + alu ->alu[ i].src[ 0 ] .chan = alu -> alu[ i].src [ 1 ] .chan = 0 ; + alu ->alu[ i].src [ 0 ] .sel = alu -> alu[ i].src [ 1] .sel = 248 ; + } + break ; + case C_OPCODE_SUB : + alu -> alu[ i].src [ 1] .neg ^= 1 ; + break ; + case C_OPCODE_ABS : + alu ->alu[ i].src [ 0 ] .abs |= 1 ; + break ; + default : + break ; + } + } + } + } + return 0 ; +} + +#if 0 +static int r600_shader_alu_translate_lit( struct r600_shader *rshader , + struct c_instruction * instruction , + struct r600_shader_alu_translate * info ) +{ + struct r600_shader_alu alu ; + int r ; + + if ( rshader->cur_node ->nvfetch ) { + r = r600_shader_new_node( rshader , rshader -> cur_node ->node ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + } + /* dst.z = log( src0.y ) */ + memset ( &alu , 0 , sizeof ( struct r600_shader_alu ) ) ; + alu.opcode = V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_LOG_CLAMPED ; + alu.is_op3 = 0 ; + alu.last = 1 ; + alu.vector [ 0 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 0 ] ; + alu.vector [ 1 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 1 ] ; + alu.component[0 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Z ; + alu.component [ 1 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Y ; + r = r600_shader_new_alu ( rshader , &alu ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + /* dst.z = MUL_LIT ( src0.w , dst.z , src0.x ) */ + memset ( &alu , 0 , sizeof ( struct r600_shader_alu ) ) ; + alu.opcode = V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP3_SQ_OP3_INST_MUL_LIT ; + alu.is_op3 = 0 ; + alu.last = 1 ; + alu.vector [ 0 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 0 ] ; + alu.vector [ 1 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 1 ] ; + alu.vector [ 2 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 0 ] ; + alu.vector [ 3 ] = instruction ->vectors [ 1 ] ; + alu.component[0 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Z ; + alu.component [ 1 ] = C_SWIZZLE_W ; + alu.component [ 2 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Z ; + alu.component [ 3 ] = C_SWIZZLE_X ; + r = r600_shader_new_alu( rshader , &alu ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + /* dst.z = exp( dst.z ) */ + memset ( &alu , 0 , sizeof ( struct r600_shader_alu ) ) ; + alu.opcode = V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_EXP_IEEE ; + alu.is_op3 = 0 ; + alu.last = 1 ; + alu.vector [ 0 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 0 ] ; + alu.vector [ 1 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 0 ] ; + alu.component[0 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Z ; + alu.component [ 1 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Z ; + r = r600_shader_new_alu( rshader , &alu ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + /* dst.x = 1 */ + memset ( &alu , 0 , sizeof ( struct r600_shader_alu ) ) ; + alu.opcode = V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_MOV ; + alu.is_op3 = 0 ; + alu.last = 0 ; + alu.vector [ 0 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 0 ] ; + alu.vector [ 1 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 1 ] ; + alu.component[0 ] = C_SWIZZLE_X ; + alu.component [ 1 ] = C_SWIZZLE_1 ; + r = r600_shader_new_alu( rshader , &alu ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + /* dst.w = 1 */ + memset ( &alu , 0 , sizeof ( struct r600_shader_alu ) ) ; + alu.opcode = V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_MOV ; + alu.is_op3 = 0 ; + alu.last = 0 ; + alu.vector [ 0 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 0 ] ; + alu.vector [ 1 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 1 ] ; + alu.component[0 ] = C_SWIZZLE_W ; + alu.component [ 1 ] = C_SWIZZLE_1 ; + r = r600_shader_new_alu( rshader , &alu ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + /* dst.y = max ( src0.x , 0.0 ) */ + memset ( &alu , 0 , sizeof ( struct r600_shader_alu ) ) ; + alu.opcode = V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_MAX ; + alu.is_op3 = 0 ; + alu.last = 1 ; + alu.vector [ 0 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 0 ] ; + alu.vector [ 1 ] = instruction -> vectors [ 1 ] ; + alu.vector [ 2 ] = instruction ->vectors [ 1 ] ; + alu.component[0 ] = C_SWIZZLE_Y ; + alu.component [ 1 ] = C_SWIZZLE_X ; + alu.component [ 2 ] = C_SWIZZLE_0 ; + r = r600_shader_new_alu( rshader , &alu ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + return 0 ; +} +#endif + struct r600_shader_alu_translate r600_alu_translate_list[C_OPCODE_LAST ] = { + { C_OPCODE_ARL , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_MOV , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_MOV , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_LIT , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_RCP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_RSQ , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_RECIPSQRT_FF , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_EXP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_LOG , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_MUL , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_MUL , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ADD , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_ADD , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DP3 , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_DOT4 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DP4 , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_DOT4 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DST , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_MIN , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_MIN , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_MAX , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_MAX , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SLT , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_SETGT , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SGE , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_MAD , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP3_SQ_OP3_INST_MULADD , 1} , + {C_OPCODE_SUB , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_ADD , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_LRP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_CND , 0 , 0} , + { 20 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DP2A , 0 , 0} , + { 22 , 0 , 0} , + { 23 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_FRC , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_CLAMP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_FLR , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ROUND , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_EX2 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_LG2 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_POW , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_XPD , 0 , 0} , + { 32 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ABS , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_MOV , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_RCC , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DPH , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_COS , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_COS , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DDX , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DDY , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_KILP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_PK2H , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_PK2US , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_PK4B , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_PK4UB , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_RFL , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SEQ , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SFL , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SGT , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SIN , V_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SQ_OP2_INST_SIN , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SLE , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SNE , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_STR , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_TEX , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_TXD , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_TXP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UP2H , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UP2US , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UP4B , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UP4UB , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_X2D , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ARA , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ARR , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_BRA , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_CAL , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_RET , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SSG , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_CMP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SCS , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_TXB , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_NRM , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DIV , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DP2 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_TXL , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_BRK , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_IF , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_BGNFOR , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_REP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ELSE , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ENDIF , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ENDFOR , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ENDREP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_PUSHA , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_POPA , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_CEIL , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_I2 F , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_NOT , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_TRUNC , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SHL , 0 , 0} , + { 88 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_AND , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_OR , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_MOD , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_XOR , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SAD , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_TXF , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_TXQ , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_CONT , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_EMIT , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ENDPRIM , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_BGNLOOP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_BGNSUB , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ENDLOOP , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ENDSUB , 0 , 0} , + { 103 , 0 , 0} , + { 104 , 0 , 0} , + { 105 , 0 , 0} , + { 106 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_NOP , 0 , 0} , + { 108 , 0 , 0} , + { 109 , 0 , 0} , + { 110 , 0 , 0} , + { 111 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_NRM4 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_CALLNZ , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_IFC , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_BREAKC , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_KIL , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_END , 0 , 0} , + { 118 , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_F2I , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_IDIV , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_IMAX , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_IMIN , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_INEG , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ISGE , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ISHR , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ISLT , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_F2U , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_U2 F , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UADD , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UDIV , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UMAD , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UMAX , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UMIN , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UMOD , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_UMUL , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_USEQ , 0 , 0} , + { C_OPCODE_USGE , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_USHR , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_USLT , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_USNE , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_SWITCH , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_CASE , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_DEFAULT , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ENDSWITCH , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_VFETCH , 0 , 0} , + {C_OPCODE_ENTRY , 0 , 0} , +} ;
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..2cc2951f944
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_r700.c
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_r700.cnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..2cc2951f944--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_r700.c @@ -0,0 +1,213 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ */ +#include < stdlib.h > +#include < string.h > +#include < stdint.h > +#include < stdio.h > +#include < errno.h > +#include " r600_context.h " +#include " r700_sq.h " + + static int r700_shader_cf_node_bytecode( struct r600_shader *rshader , + struct r600_shader_node * rnode , + unsigned * cid ) +{ + unsigned id = * cid ; + + if ( rnode -> nfetch ) { + rshader ->bcode[id++]
= S_SQ_CF_WORD0 _ADDR ( rnode->cf_addr >>
1 ) ; + rshader ->bcode[id ++]
= S_SQ_CF_WORD1_CF_INST(V_SQ_CF_WORD1_SQ_CF_INST_VTX ) | + S_SQ_CF_WORD1_COUNT( rnode->nfetch - 1 ) ; + } else { + rshader ->bcode[id++]
= S_SQ_CF_ALU_WORD0 _ADDR( rnode->cf_addr >> 1 ) ; + rshader ->bcode[id ++]
= S_SQ_CF_ALU_WORD1_CF_INST(V_SQ_CF_ALU_WORD1_SQ_CF_INST_ALU ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALU_WORD1 _BARRIER(1 ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALU_WORD1_COUNT( rnode->nslot - 1 ) ; + } + * cid = id ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int r700_shader_cf_output_bytecode( struct r600_shader *rshader , + struct c_vector *v , + unsigned * cid , + unsigned end ) +{ + unsigned gpr , chan ; + unsigned id = * cid ; + int r ; + + r = r600_shader_find_gpr( rshader , v , 0 , &gpr , & chan ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + rshader -> bcode [id + 0 ] = S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_RW_GPR( gpr ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_ELEM_SIZE( 3 ) ; + rshader -> bcode [id + 1 ] = S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD1_SWIZ_SEL_X(0 ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD1_SWIZ_SEL_Y( 1 ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD1_SWIZ_SEL_Z( 2 ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD1_SWIZ_SEL_W(3 ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD1_BARRIER(1 ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD1_CF_INST(V_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD1_SQ_CF_INST_EXPORT_DONE ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD1_END_OF_PROGRAM( end ) ; + switch ( v-> name ) { + case C_SEMANTIC_POSITION : + rshader -> bcode[id + 0 ] |= S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0
_ARRAY_BASE(
60 ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_TYPE(V_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_SQ_EXPORT_POS ) ; + break ; + case C_SEMANTIC_COLOR : + if ( rshader->cshader.type == C_PROGRAM_TYPE_VS ) { + rshader->output[rshader->noutput ].gpr = gpr ; + rshader->output[rshader->noutput ].sid = v->sid ; + rshader->output[rshader ->noutput ].name = v->name ; + rshader -> bcode [id + 0 ] |= S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_ARRAY_BASE( rshader->noutput++ ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_TYPE(V_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_SQ_EXPORT_PARAM ) ; + } else { + rshader -> bcode [id + 0 ] |= S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_ARRAY_BASE(0 ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_TYPE(V_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_SQ_EXPORT_PIXEL ) ; + } + break ; + case C_SEMANTIC_GENERIC : + rshader->output[rshader->noutput ].gpr = gpr ; + rshader->output[rshader->noutput ].sid = v->sid ; + rshader->output[rshader ->noutput ].name = v->name ; + rshader -> bcode [id + 0 ] |= S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_ARRAY_BASE( rshader->noutput++ ) | + S_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_TYPE(V_SQ_CF_ALLOC_EXPORT_WORD0_SQ_EXPORT_PARAM ) ; + break ; + default : + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + * cid = id + 2 ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int r700_shader_alu_bytecode( struct r600_shader *rshader , + struct r600_shader_node *rnode , + struct r600_shader_inst * alu , + unsigned * cid ) +{ + unsigned id = * cid ; + + /* do n't replace gpr by pv or ps for destination register */ + if ( alu->is_op3 ) { + rshader ->bcode[id++]
= S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC0_SEL( alu->src [ 0].sel ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC0_CHAN( alu->src [ 0 ].chan ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC1_SEL( alu->src [ 1].sel ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC1_CHAN( alu->src [ 1 ] .chan ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_LAST( alu->last ) ; + rshader ->bcode[id ++]
= S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_DST_GPR( alu->dst.sel ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_DST_CHAN( alu->dst.chan ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP3_SRC2_SEL(alu->src [ 2].sel ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP3_SRC2_CHAN( alu->src [ 2].chan ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP3_SRC2_NEG( alu->src [ 2].neg ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP3_ALU_INST( alu->inst ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_BANK_SWIZZLE(0 ) ; + } else { + rshader ->bcode[id++]
= S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC0_SEL( alu->src [ 0].sel ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC0_CHAN( alu->src [ 0 ].chan ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC0_NEG( alu->src [ 0].neg ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC1_SEL( alu->src [ 1].sel ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC1_CHAN( alu->src [ 1 ].chan ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_SRC1_NEG( alu->src [ 1].neg ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD0_LAST( alu->last ) ; + rshader ->bcode[id ++]
= S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_DST_GPR( alu->dst.sel ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_DST_CHAN( alu->dst.chan ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SRC0_ABS( alu->src[ 0 ].abs ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_SRC1_ABS( alu->src [ 1].abs ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_WRITE_MASK(1 ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_OP2_ALU_INST( alu->inst ) | + S_SQ_ALU_WORD1_BANK_SWIZZLE(0 ) ; + } + * cid = id ; + return 0 ; +} + +int r700_shader_translate ( struct r600_shader * rshader ) +{ + struct c_shader * shader = &rshader -> cshader ; + struct r600_shader_node * rnode ; + struct r600_shader_vfetch
*vfetch ; + struct r600_shader_alu * alu ; + struct c_vector * v ; + unsigned id , i , end ; + int r ; + + r = r600_shader_register ( rshader ) ; + if ( r ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d register allocation failed
" , __FILE__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return r ; + } + r = r600_shader_translate_rec( rshader , & shader ->entry ) ; + if ( r ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d translation failed
" , __FILE__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return r ; + } + r = r600_shader_legalize( rshader ) ; + if ( r ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d legalize failed
" , __FILE__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return r ; + } + r600_shader_node_place( rshader ) ; + rshader -> bcode = malloc( rshader ->ndw * 4 ) ; + if ( rshader - > bcode == NULL ) + return - ENOMEM ; + c_list_for_each( rnode , &rshader -> nodes ) { + id = rnode -> cf_addr ; + c_list_for_each( vfetch , &rnode ->vfetch ) { + r = r600_shader_vfetch_bytecode( rshader , rnode , vfetch , &id ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + } + c_list_for_each( alu , &rnode -> alu ) { + for ( i = 0 ; i < alu -> nalu ; i++) { + r = r700_shader_alu_bytecode( rshader , rnode , &alu - > alu[ i ] , &id ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + } + for ( i = 0 ; i < alu -> nliteral ; i++) { + rshader ->bcode [id++] = alu -> literal [i ] ; + } + } + } + id = 0 ; + c_list_for_each( rnode , &rshader -> nodes ) { + r = r700_shader_cf_node_bytecode( rshader , rnode , &id ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + } + c_list_for_each(v , &rshader->cshader.files[C_FILE_OUTPUT].vectors ) { + end = 0 ; + if ( v->next == &rshader->cshader.files[C_FILE_OUTPUT].vectors ) + end = 1 ; + r = r700_shader_cf_output_bytecode( rshader , v , &id , end ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + } + c_list_for_each(v , &rshader->cshader.files[C_FILE_INPUT].vectors ) { + rshader->input[rshader->ninput].gpr = rshader -> ninput ; + rshader->input[rshader->ninput ].sid = v->sid ; + rshader->input[rshader->ninput ].name = v->name ; + rshader -> ninput ++ ; + } + return 0 ; +}
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..745f92272f8
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_tgsi.c
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_tgsi.cnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..745f92272f8--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_compiler_tgsi.c @@ -0,0 +1,717 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ */ +#include < stdlib.h > +#include < string.h > +#include < stdint.h > +#include < stdio.h > +#include < errno.h > +#include < tgsi/tgsi_parse.h > +#include < tgsi/tgsi_scan.h > +#include " r600_shader.h " +#include " r600_context.h " + + struct tgsi_shader { + struct c_vector
** v[ TGSI_FILE_COUNT ] ; + struct tgsi_shader_info info ; + struct tgsi_parse_context parser ; + const struct tgsi_token * tokens ; + struct c_shader * shader ; + struct c_node * node ; +} ; + + static unsigned tgsi_file_to_c_file( unsigned file ) ; +static unsigned tgsi_sname_to_c_sname( unsigned sname ) ; +static int tgsi_opcode_to_c_opcode( unsigned opcode , unsigned * copcode ) ; + + static int tgsi_shader_init ( struct tgsi_shader *ts , + const struct tgsi_token * tokens , + struct c_shader * shader ) +{ + int i ; + + ts -> shader = shader ; + ts-> tokens = tokens ; + tgsi_scan_shader(ts->tokens , &ts->info ) ; + tgsi_parse_init( &ts -> parser , ts -> tokens ) ; + /* initialize to NULL in case of error */ + for ( i = 0 ; i < C_FILE_COUNT ; i++) { + ts -> v[ i ] = NULL ; + } + for ( i = 0 ; i < TGSI_FILE_COUNT ; i++) { + if ( ts->info.file_count[i ] >
0 ) { + ts ->v[ i ] = calloc(ts->info.file_count[i ] , sizeof ( void* ) ) ; + if ( ts - > v[ i ] == NULL ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported %d %d
" , __func__ , __LINE__ , i , ts->info.file_count[i ] ) ; + return - ENOMEM ; + } + } + } + return 0 ; +} + + static void tgsi_shader_destroy( struct tgsi_shader * ts ) +{ + int i ; + + for ( i = 0 ; i < TGSI_FILE_COUNT ; i++) { + free (ts -> v[ i ] ) ; + } + tgsi_parse_free( &ts -> parser ) ; +} + + static int ntransform_declaration ( struct tgsi_shader * ts ) +{ + struct tgsi_full_declaration * fd = &ts->parser.FullToken.FullDeclaration ; + struct c_vector * v ; + unsigned file ; + unsigned name ; + int sid ; + int i ; + + if ( fd->Declaration .Dimension ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + for ( i = fd-> Range .
First ; i <= fd-> Range .
Last ; i++) { + sid = i ; + name = C_SEMANTIC_GENERIC ; + file = tgsi_file_to_c_file( fd->Declaration .
File ) ; + if ( file == TGSI_FILE_NULL ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + if ( fd->Declaration .Semantic ) { + name = tgsi_sname_to_c_sname( fd->Semantic .
Name ) ; + sid = fd->Semantic .
Index ; + } + v = c_shader_vector_new(ts -> shader , file , name , sid ) ; + if ( v == NULL ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - ENOMEM ; + } + ts->v[ fd->Declaration .
File ] [ i ] = v ; + } + return 0 ; +} + + static int ntransform_immediate ( struct tgsi_shader * ts ) +{ + struct tgsi_full_immediate * fd = &ts->parser.FullToken.FullImmediate ; + struct c_vector * v ; + unsigned file ; + unsigned name ; + + if ( fd->Immediate .DataType != TGSI_IMM_FLOAT32 ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + name = C_SEMANTIC_GENERIC ; + file = C_FILE_IMMEDIATE ; + v = c_shader_vector_new(ts -> shader , file , name , 0 ) ; + if ( v == NULL ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - ENOMEM ; + } + v->channel [ 0 ] -> value = fd->u [ 0 ] .
Uint ; + v->channel [ 1 ] -> value = fd->u [ 1 ] .
Uint ; + v->channel [ 2 ] -> value = fd->u [ 2 ] .
Uint ; + v->channel [ 3 ] -> value = fd->u [ 3 ] .
Uint ; + ts->v[ TGSI_FILE_IMMEDIATE ][ 0 ] = v ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int ntransform_instruction ( struct tgsi_shader * ts ) +{ + struct tgsi_full_instruction * fi = &ts->parser.FullToken.FullInstruction ; + struct c_shader * shader = ts -> shader ; + struct c_instruction instruction ; + unsigned opcode ; + int i , r ; + + if ( fi->Instruction .NumDstRegs >
1 ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + if ( fi-> Instruction .
Saturate ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + if ( fi-> Instruction .
Predicate ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + if ( fi-> Instruction .
Label ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + if ( fi-> Instruction .
Texture ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + for ( i = 0 ; i < fi->Instruction .NumSrcRegs ; i++) { + if ( fi -> Src [ i ] .
Register .
Indirect || + fi->Src[i ] .
Register .
Dimension || + fi->Src[i ].Register .
Absolute ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + } + for ( i = 0 ; i < fi->Instruction .NumDstRegs ; i++) { + if ( fi -> Dst [ i ] .
Register .
Indirect || fi->Dst[i ]. Register .Dimension ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + } + r = tgsi_opcode_to_c_opcode( fi->Instruction .
Opcode , &opcode ) ; + if ( r ) { + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported
" , __func__ , __LINE__ ) ; + return r ; + } + if ( opcode == C_OPCODE_END ) { + return c_node_cfg_link(ts -> node , & shader - >end ) ; + } + /* FIXME add flow instruction handling */ + memset ( &instruction , 0 , sizeof ( struct c_instruction ) ) ; + instruction.opcode = opcode ; + instruction.ninput = fi->Instruction .NumSrcRegs ; + instruction.write_mask = fi->Dst [ 0 ] .
Register .
WriteMask ; + for ( i = 0 ; i < fi->Instruction .NumSrcRegs ; i++) { + instruction.input[i].vector = ts ->v[ fi-> Src[i ].
Register .
File ] [ fi-> Src[i ] .
Register .
Index ] ; + instruction.input[i].swizzle [ 0 ] = fi->Src[i ].Register .SwizzleX ; + instruction.input[i].swizzle [ 1 ] = fi->Src[i ] .
Register .
SwizzleY ; + instruction.input[i].swizzle [ 2 ] = fi->Src[i ].Register .SwizzleZ ; + instruction.input[i].swizzle [ 3 ] = fi->Src[i].Register .SwizzleW ; + } + instruction.output.vector = ts ->v[ fi->Dst [ 0 ] .
Register .
File ] [ fi-> Dst [ 0 ] .
Register .
Index ] ; + instruction.output.swizzle [ 0 ] = ( fi -> Dst [ 0 ] .
Register .
WriteMask & 0x1 ) ?
C_SWIZZLE_X : C_SWIZZLE_D ; + instruction.output.swizzle [ 1 ] = ( fi -> Dst [ 0 ] .
Register .
WriteMask & 0x2 ) ?
C_SWIZZLE_Y : C_SWIZZLE_D ; + instruction.output.swizzle [ 2 ] = ( fi -> Dst [ 0 ] .
Register .
WriteMask & 0x4 ) ?
C_SWIZZLE_Z : C_SWIZZLE_D ; + instruction.output.swizzle [ 3 ] = ( fi -> Dst [ 0 ] .
Register .
WriteMask & 0x8 ) ?
C_SWIZZLE_W : C_SWIZZLE_D ; + return c_node_add_new_instruction (ts -> node , &instruction ) ; +} + +int c_shader_from_tgsi( struct c_shader * shader , unsigned type , + const struct tgsi_token * tokens ) +{ + struct tgsi_shader ts ; + int r = 0 ; + + c_shader_init ( shader , type ) ; + r = tgsi_shader_init ( &ts , tokens , shader ) ; + if ( r ) + goto out_err ; + ts. shader = shader ; + ts.node = &shader ->entry ; + while ( !tgsi_parse_end_of_tokens(&ts.parser ) ) { + tgsi_parse_token(&ts.parser ) ; + switch ( ts.parser.FullToken.Token. Type ) { + case TGSI_TOKEN_TYPE_IMMEDIATE : + r = ntransform_immediate ( &ts ) ; + if ( r ) + goto out_err ; + break ; + case TGSI_TOKEN_TYPE_DECLARATION : + r = ntransform_declaration ( &ts ) ; + if ( r ) + goto out_err ; + break ; + case TGSI_TOKEN_TYPE_INSTRUCTION : + r = ntransform_instruction ( &ts ) ; + if ( r ) + goto out_err ; + break ; + default : + r = - EINVAL ; + goto out_err ; + } + } + tgsi_shader_destroy ( &ts ) ; + return 0 ; +out_err : + c_shader_destroy ( shader ) ; + tgsi_shader_destroy ( &ts ) ; + return r ; +} + + static unsigned tgsi_file_to_c_file( unsigned file ) +{ + switch ( file ) { + case TGSI_FILE_CONSTANT : + return C_FILE_CONSTANT ; + case TGSI_FILE_INPUT : + return C_FILE_INPUT ; + case TGSI_FILE_OUTPUT : + return C_FILE_OUTPUT ; + case TGSI_FILE_TEMPORARY : + return C_FILE_TEMPORARY ; + case TGSI_FILE_SAMPLER : + return C_FILE_SAMPLER ; + case TGSI_FILE_ADDRESS : + return C_FILE_ADDRESS ; + case TGSI_FILE_IMMEDIATE : + return C_FILE_IMMEDIATE ; + case TGSI_FILE_LOOP : + return C_FILE_LOOP ; + case TGSI_FILE_PREDICATE : + return C_FILE_PREDICATE ; + case TGSI_FILE_SYSTEM_VALUE : + return C_FILE_SYSTEM_VALUE ; + case TGSI_FILE_NULL : + return C_FILE_NULL ; + default : + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported file %d
" , __func__ , __LINE__ , file ) ; + return C_FILE_NULL ; + } +} + + static unsigned tgsi_sname_to_c_sname( unsigned sname ) +{ + switch ( sname ) { + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_POSITION : + return C_SEMANTIC_POSITION ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_COLOR : + return C_SEMANTIC_COLOR ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_BCOLOR : + return C_SEMANTIC_BCOLOR ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_FOG : + return C_SEMANTIC_FOG ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_PSIZE : + return C_SEMANTIC_PSIZE ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_GENERIC : + return C_SEMANTIC_GENERIC ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_NORMAL : + return C_SEMANTIC_NORMAL ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_FACE : + return C_SEMANTIC_FACE ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_EDGEFLAG : + return C_SEMANTIC_EDGEFLAG ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_PRIMID : + return C_SEMANTIC_PRIMID ; + case TGSI_SEMANTIC_INSTANCEID : + return C_SEMANTIC_INSTANCEID ; + default : + return C_SEMANTIC_GENERIC ; + } +} + + static int tgsi_opcode_to_c_opcode( unsigned opcode , unsigned * copcode ) +{ + switch ( opcode ) { + case TGSI_OPCODE_MOV : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_MOV ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_MUL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_MUL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_MAD : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_MAD ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_END : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_END ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ARL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ARL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_LIT : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_LIT ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_RCP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_RCP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_RSQ : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_RSQ ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_EXP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_EXP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_LOG : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_LOG ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ADD : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ADD ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DP3 : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DP3 ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DP4 : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DP4 ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DST : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DST ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_MIN : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_MIN ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_MAX : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_MAX ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SLT : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SLT ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SGE : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SGE ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SUB : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SUB ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_LRP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_LRP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_CND : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_CND ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DP2A : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DP2A ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_FRC : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_FRC ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_CLAMP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_CLAMP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_FLR : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_FLR ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ROUND : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ROUND ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_EX2 : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_EX2 ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_LG2 : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_LG2 ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_POW : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_POW ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_XPD : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_XPD ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ABS : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ABS ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_RCC : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_RCC ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DPH : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DPH ; + return 0; + case TGSI_OPCODE_COS : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_COS ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DDX : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DDX ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DDY : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DDY ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_KILP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_KILP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_PK2H : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_PK2H ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_PK2US : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_PK2US ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_PK4B : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_PK4B ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_PK4UB : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_PK4UB ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_RFL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_RFL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SEQ : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SEQ ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SFL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SFL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SGT : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SGT ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SIN : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SIN ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SLE : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SLE ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SNE : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SNE ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_STR : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_STR ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_TEX : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_TEX ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_TXD : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_TXD ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_TXP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_TXP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UP2H : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UP2H ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UP2US : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UP2US ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UP4B : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UP4B ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UP4UB : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UP4UB ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_X2D : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_X2D ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ARA : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ARA ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ARR : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ARR ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_BRA : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_BRA ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_CAL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_CAL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_RET : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_RET ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SSG : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SSG ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_CMP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_CMP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SCS : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SCS ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_TXB : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_TXB ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_NRM : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_NRM ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DIV : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DIV ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DP2 : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DP2 ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_TXL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_TXL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_BRK : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_BRK ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_IF : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_IF ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_BGNFOR : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_BGNFOR ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_REP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_REP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ELSE : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ELSE ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ENDIF : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ENDIF ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ENDFOR : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ENDFOR ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ENDREP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ENDREP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_PUSHA : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_PUSHA ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_POPA : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_POPA ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_CEIL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_CEIL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_I2 F : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_I2 F ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_NOT : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_NOT ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_TRUNC : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_TRUNC ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SHL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SHL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_AND : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_AND ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_OR : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_OR ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_MOD : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_MOD ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_XOR : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_XOR ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SAD : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SAD ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_TXF : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_TXF ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_TXQ : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_TXQ ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_CONT : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_CONT ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_EMIT : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_EMIT ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ENDPRIM : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ENDPRIM ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_BGNLOOP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_BGNLOOP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_BGNSUB : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_BGNSUB ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ENDLOOP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ENDLOOP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ENDSUB : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ENDSUB ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_NOP : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_NOP ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_NRM4 : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_NRM4 ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_CALLNZ : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_CALLNZ ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_IFC : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_IFC ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_BREAKC : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_BREAKC ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_KIL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_KIL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_F2I : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_F2I ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_IDIV : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_IDIV ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_IMAX : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_IMAX ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_IMIN : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_IMIN ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_INEG : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_INEG ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ISGE : + *copcode = C_OPCODE_ISGE ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ISHR : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ISHR ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ISLT : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ISLT ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_F2U : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_F2U ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_U2 F : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_U2 F ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UADD : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UADD ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UDIV : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UDIV ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UMAD : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UMAD ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UMAX : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UMAX ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UMIN : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UMIN ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UMOD : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UMOD ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_UMUL : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_UMUL ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_USEQ : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_USEQ ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_USGE : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_USGE ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_USHR : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_USHR ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_USLT : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_USLT ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_USNE : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_USNE ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_SWITCH : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_SWITCH ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_CASE : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_CASE ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_DEFAULT : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_DEFAULT ; + return 0 ; + case TGSI_OPCODE_ENDSWITCH : + * copcode = C_OPCODE_ENDSWITCH
; + return 0 ; + default : + fprintf ( stderr , " %s : %d unsupported opcode %d
" , __func__ , __LINE__ , opcode ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } +}
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..faefdb4378e
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_context.c
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_context.cnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..faefdb4378e--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_context.c @@ -0,0 +1,167 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ * + * Authors : + * Jerome Glisse + * Corbin Simpson + */ +#include < stdio.h > +#include < util/u_inlines.h > +#include < util/u_format.h > +#include < util/u_memory.h > +#include < util/u_blitter.h > +#include " r600_screen.h " +#include " r600_texture.h " +#include " r600_context.h " + + static void r600_destroy_context ( struct pipe_context * context ) +{ + struct r600 _context *rctx = ( struct r600_context*)context ; + + FREE ( rctx ) ; +} + + static unsigned int r600_is_texture_referenced ( struct pipe_context * context , + struct pipe_texture * texture , + unsigned face , unsigned level ) +{ + struct pipe_buffer * buffer = NULL ; + + r600_get_texture_buffer( context ->screen , texture , & buffer , NULL ) ; + return context->is_buffer_referenced( context , buffer ) ; +} + + static unsigned int r600_is_buffer_referenced ( struct pipe_context * context , struct pipe_buffer * buffer ) +{ + return 0 ; +} + + static void r600 _flush ( struct pipe_context *ctx , unsigned flags , + struct pipe_fence_handle ** fence ) +{ + struct r600 _context *rctx = ( struct r600_context*)ctx ; + struct r600_screen *rscreen = ( struct r600_screen*) ctx -> screen ; + static int dc = 0 ; + + if ( radeon_ctx_pm4(rctx ->ctx ) ) + return ; + if ( dc ) + return ; + radeon_ctx_dump_bof(rctx->ctx , " gallium.bof " ) ; + radeon_ctx_submit(rctx->ctx ) ; + rctx->ctx = radeon_ctx_decref(rctx ->ctx ) ; + rctx ->ctx = radeon_ctx ( rscreen ->rw ) ; + dc++ ; +} + + struct pipe_context * r600_create_context ( struct pipe_screen * screen , void * priv ) +{ + struct r600 _context *rctx = CALLOC_STRUCT( r600_context ) ; + struct r600_screen * rscreen = r600_screen( screen ) ; + + if ( rctx == NULL ) + return NULL ; + rctx->context.winsys = rscreen->screen.winsys ; + rctx->context.screen = screen ; + rctx->context.priv = priv ; + rctx->context.destroy = r600_destroy_context ; + rctx->context.clear = r600_clear ; + rctx->context.surface_copy = r600_surface_copy ; + rctx->context.surface_fill = r600_surface_fill ; + rctx->context.draw_arrays = r600_draw_arrays ; + rctx->context.draw_elements = r600_draw_elements ; + rctx -> context .draw_range_elements = r600_draw_range_elements ; + rctx->context.is_texture_referenced = r600_is_texture_referenced ; + rctx->context.is_buffer_referenced = r600_is_buffer_referenced ; + rctx->context.flush = r600_flush ; + r600_init_query_functions(rctx ) ; + r600_init_state_functions ( rctx ) ; +#if 0 + rctx -> blitter = util_blitter_create( &rctx->context ) ; + if ( rctx - > blitter == NULL ) { + FREE ( rctx ) ; + return NULL ; + } +#endif + + rctx->cb_cntl = radeon_state ( rscreen->rw , R600 _CB_CNTL_TYPE , R600 _CB_CNTL ) ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__CB_SHADER_MASK ] = 0x0000000 F ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__CB_TARGET_MASK ] = 0x0000000 F ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__CB_COLOR_CONTROL ] = 0x00CC0000 ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__PA_SC_AA_CONFIG ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__PA_SC_AA_SAMPLE_LOCS_MCTX ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__PA_SC_AA_SAMPLE_LOCS_8S_WD1_MCTX ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__CB_CLRCMP_CONTROL ] = 0x01000000 ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__CB_CLRCMP_SRC ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__CB_CLRCMP_DST ] = 0x000000 FF ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__CB_CLRCMP_MSK ] = 0xFFFFFFFF ; + rctx->cb_cntl->states[R600_CB_CNTL__PA_SC_AA_MASK ] = 0xFFFFFFFF ; + radeon_state_pm4(rctx->cb_cntl ) ; + + rctx ->config = radeon_state ( rscreen ->rw , R600 _CONFIG_TYPE , R600 _CONFIG ) ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_CONFIG ] = 0xE400000C ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_GPR_RESOURCE_MGMT_1 ] = 0x403800C0 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_GPR_RESOURCE_MGMT_2 ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_THREAD_RESOURCE_MGMT ] = 0x00003090 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_STACK_RESOURCE_MGMT_1 ] = 0x00800080 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_STACK_RESOURCE_MGMT_2 ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_DYN_GPR_CNTL_PS_FLUSH_REQ ] = 0x00004000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__TA_CNTL_AUX ] = 0x07000002 ; + rctx->config->states [ R600_CONFIG__VC_ENHANCE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__DB_DEBUG ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__DB_WATERMARKS ] = 0x00420204 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SX_MISC ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SPI_THREAD_GROUPING ] = 0x00000001 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__CB_SHADER_CONTROL ] = 0x00000003 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_ESGS_RING_ITEMSIZE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_GSVS_RING_ITEMSIZE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_ESTMP_RING_ITEMSIZE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_GSTMP_RING_ITEMSIZE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_VSTMP_RING_ITEMSIZE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_PSTMP_RING_ITEMSIZE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_FBUF_RING_ITEMSIZE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_REDUC_RING_ITEMSIZE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__SQ_GS_VERT_ITEMSIZE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_OUTPUT_PATH_CNTL ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_HOS_CNTL ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_HOS_MAX_TESS_LEVEL ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_HOS_MIN_TESS_LEVEL ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_HOS_REUSE_DEPTH ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_GROUP_PRIM_TYPE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_GROUP_FIRST_DECR ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_GROUP_DECR ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_GROUP_VECT_0_CNTL ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_GROUP_VECT_1_CNTL ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_GROUP_VECT_0_FMT_CNTL ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_GROUP_VECT_1_FMT_CNTL ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_GS_MODE ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__PA_SC_MODE_CNTL ] = 0x00514000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_STRMOUT_EN ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_REUSE_OFF ] = 0x00000001 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_VTX_CNT_EN ] = 0x00000000 ; + rctx->config->states[R600_CONFIG__VGT_STRMOUT_BUFFER_EN ] = 0x00000000 ; + radeon_state_pm4(rctx->config ) ; + + rctx ->ctx = radeon_ctx ( rscreen ->rw ) ; + rctx -> draw = radeon_draw ( rscreen ->rw ) ; + return &rctx ->context ; +}
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..4646df3b56f
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_context.h
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_context.hnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..4646df3b56f--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_context.h @@ -0,0 +1,101 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ */ +#ifndef R600 _CONTEXT_H
+#define R600 _CONTEXT_H
+ +#include < pipe/p_state.h > +#include < pipe/p_context.h > +#include < tgsi/tgsi_scan.h > +#include < tgsi/tgsi_parse.h > +#include < tgsi/tgsi_util.h > +#include < util/u_blitter.h > +#include " radeon.h " +#include " r600_shader.h " + + struct r600_state ; +typedef void ( * r600_state_destroy_t ) ( struct r600_state * rstate ) ; + + struct r600_state { + unsigned type ; + struct r600 _atom * atom ; + void * state ; + unsigned nbuffers ; + struct pipe_buffer * buffer [ 256 ] ; + unsigned nsurfaces ; + struct pipe_surface * surface [ 256 ] ; + r600_state_destroy_t destroy ; +} ; + + struct r600 _pipe_shader { + unsigned type ; + struct r600 _shader shader ; + struct radeon_bo * bo ; + struct radeon_state * state ; +} ; + + struct r600 _context { + struct pipe_context context ; + struct radeon_ctx * ctx ; + struct radeon_state * cb_cntl ; + struct radeon_state * db ; + struct radeon_state * config ; + struct r600 _pipe_shader * ps_shader ; + struct r600 _pipe_shader * vs_shader ; + unsigned flat_shade ; + unsigned nvertex_buffer ; + unsigned nvertex_element ; + struct pipe_vertex_buffer vertex_buffer [PIPE_MAX_ATTRIBS ] ; + struct pipe_vertex_element vertex_element [ PIPE_MAX_ATTRIBS ] ; + struct blitter_context * blitter ; + struct pipe_stencil_ref stencil_ref ; + struct pipe_framebuffer_state fb_state ; + struct radeon_draw * draw ; +} ; + +void r600_draw_arrays ( struct pipe_context *ctx , unsigned mode , + unsigned start , unsigned count ) ; +void r600_draw_elements ( struct pipe_context *ctx , + struct pipe_buffer * index_buffer , + unsigned index_size , unsigned mode , + unsigned start , unsigned count ) ; +void r600_draw_range_elements ( struct pipe_context *ctx , + struct pipe_buffer * index_buffer , + unsigned indexSize , unsigned minIndex , + unsigned maxIndex , unsigned mode , + unsigned start , unsigned count ) ; + +void r600_state_destroy_common(struct r600_state * state ) ; + struct r600_state * r600_state_new(r600_state_destroy_t destroy ) ; + struct r600_state *r600_state_destroy ( struct r600_state * state ) ; + +void r600_init_state_functions ( struct r600_context * rctx ) ; +void r600_init_query_functions ( struct r600_context * rctx ) ; + struct pipe_context * r600_create_context ( struct pipe_screen * screen , void * priv ) ; + +void r600_pipe_shader_destroy ( struct pipe_context *ctx , struct r600 _pipe_shader * rpshader ) ; + struct r600_pipe_shader *r600_pipe_shader_create ( struct pipe_context *ctx , + unsigned type , + const struct tgsi_token * tokens ) ; +int r600_pipe_shader_update ( struct pipe_context *ctx , struct r600 _pipe_shader * rpshader ) ; + +#endif
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..b9037963117
--- /dev/null
+++ b/ diff -- git a/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_draw.c
b/src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_draw.cnew file mode 100644index 00000000000..b9037963117--- /dev/null +++ b/ src/gallium/drivers/r600/r600_draw.c @@ -0,0 +1,215 @@ +/* + * Copyright 2010 Jerome Glisse < glisse@freedesktop.org > + * + * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a + * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , + * to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation + * on the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sub + * license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom + * the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions : + * + *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the next + * paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the + * Software . + * + * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR + * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , + * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL + * THE AUTHOR ( S ) AND / OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , + * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR + * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE + * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
+ * + * Authors : + * Jerome Glisse + * Corbin Simpson + */ +#include < stdio.h > +#include < errno.h > +#include < pipe/p_screen.h > +#include < util/u_format.h > +#include < util/u_math.h > +#include < util/u_inlines.h > +#include < util/u_memory.h > +#include " r600_screen.h " +#include " r600_context.h " +#include " r600d.h " + + struct r600_draw { + struct pipe_context * ctx ; + struct radeon_state * draw ; + struct radeon_state * vgt ; + unsigned mode ; + unsigned start ; + unsigned count ; + unsigned index_size ; + struct pipe_buffer * index_buffer ; +} ; + +static int r600_draw_common( struct r600_draw * draw ) +{ + struct r600 _context *rctx = ( struct r600_context *) draw ->ctx ; + struct r600_screen *rscreen = ( struct r600_screen*) draw->ctx -> screen ; + struct radeon_state * vs_resource ; + struct r600 _pipe_buffer * rbuffer ; + unsigned i , j , offset , format , prim ; + u32 vgt_dma_index_type , vgt_draw_initiator ; + int r ; + + switch ( draw-> index_size ) { + case 2 : + vgt_draw_initiator = 0 ; + vgt_dma_index_type = 0 ; + break ; + case 4 : + vgt_draw_initiator = 0 ; + vgt_dma_index_type = 1 ; + break ; + case 0 : + vgt_draw_initiator = 2 ; + vgt_dma_index_type = 0 ; + break ; + default : + fprintf ( stderr , " %s %d unsupported index size %d
" , __func__ , __LINE__ , draw -> index_size ) ; + return - EINVAL ; + } + r = r600_conv_pipe_prim( draw -> mode , & prim ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + /* rebuild vertex shader if input format changed */ + r = r600_pipe_shader_update( draw->ctx , rctx ->vs_shader ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + r = r600_pipe_shader_update( draw->ctx , rctx -> ps_shader ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + r = radeon_draw_set(rctx ->draw , rctx->vs_shader ->state ) ; + if ( r ) + return r ; + r = radeon_dra
WASHINGTON — The Senate on Monday agreed to consider a temporary extension of unemployment benefits after four Republicans joined Democrats in voting to debate the proposal , which has become the focus of an intensifying fight over deficit spending .
Despite objections from conservative Republicans , the Senate voted 60 to 34 to move ahead with a measure that would keep checks flowing to jobless Americans who are exhausting their benefits and maintain federal subsidies for health insurance for the unemployed .
The measure must clear other procedural hurdles , but Democrats hope to win its approval this week .
The $ 9 billion cost of the aid would be added to the deficit , which Democrats said was justified because of the grim national employment picture .
“ Let us help the families who are struggling in this difficult economic time , ” said Senator Max Baucus , Democrat of Montana and chairman of the Finance Committee , who said the infusion of federal aid would help the overall economy recover .
Prolonged exposure to crude oil and chemical dispersants is a public health danger , environmental scientists warned yesterday as BP spent a third day trying to initiate a " top kill " operation to cap the ruptured well on the sea bed .
The oil firm moved to a second stage of the procedure by injecting material such as golf balls , shredded tyres and rope into the well .
But John Pack , a spokesman for BP , said it would not be clear until tomorrow if it would work .
" We have never said there is a deadline or a schedule , " he said .
" We need to take this pretty slowly , but everything is going according to plan . "
BP 's beleaguered chief executive , Tony Hayward , yesterday drastically scaled upwards his assessment of the spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
" This is clearly an environmental catastrophe .
There is no two ways about it , " he told CNN .
" It 's clear that we are dealing with a very significant environmental crisis and catastrophe . "
In an interview with the Guardian two weeks ago , he had described the oil spill as " tiny " relative to the size of the gulf .
" The amount of volume of oil and dispersant we are putting into it is tiny in relation to the total water volume , " he said then .
However he was optimistic that the " top kill " stood a good chance of success , which he put at 60 - 70 % .
" We have wrestled it to the ground , but we have n't put a bullet in its head yet , " Hayward said .
With no immediate end in sight , there were growing concerns over the effects on public health of a prolonged exposure to the oil as well as to the more than 3,640,000 litres ( 800,000 gallons ) of chemical dispersants sprayed on the slick .
Environmentalists and fishing groups in Louisiana say prolonged exposure to the oil , in the form of tiny airborne particles as well as dispersants , could be wreaking devastating damage on public health .
They also accuse BP of threatening to sack workers who try to turn up for clean - up duty wearing protective respirators , and the Obama administration of refusing to release results of air and water quality tests that would show the impact of crude oil and dispersants on the environment .
Wilma Subra , a chemist who has served as a consultant to the Environmental Protection Agency , said there was growing anecdotal evidence that locals were falling ill after exposure to tiny airborne particles of crude .
Air quality data released earlier by the EPA suggested the presence of chemicals that – while still within legal limits – could be dangerous .
But Subra complained that the EPA was not releasing all data it had gathered from BP .
" Every time the wind blows from the south - east to the shore , people are being made sick , " she said .
" It causes severe headaches , nausea , respiratory problems , burning eyes and sore throats . "
Long - term health effects include neurological disorders and cancer .
Subra said there was even greater concern for those recruited to lay booms and skim crude off the water , since they were in closer proximity to the oil and the chemical dispersants .
Clint Guidry , of the Louisiana Shrimp Association , has accused BP of threatening to sack workers who turn up wearing respirators .
The oil firm said it was not aware of any workers being turned away , but noted that it was the responsibility of the Obama administration to decide whether such protective gear was warranted .
Hugh Kaufman , chief investigator for the EPA 's ombudsman , said he encountered similar worker safety policies after 9/11 .
" If people are wearing respirators , it scares people because they realise how toxic it is , " he said " The administration is down - playing the problem because it saves them money down the line .
It was the same at Ground Zero . "
EPA tests indicate that the combined effect of dispersants and crude oil are even more toxic than individually .
" There are dispersants being applied by aeroplane and by boat , and these people on the water are being sprayed over and over again , " Subra said .
Five offshore rigs have been shut down since the spill after workers fell ill .
Seven workers on a boat trying to scrub the oil from Breton Sound were taken to hospital on Wednesday , complaining of burning eyes , headaches , nausea , dizziness and chest pains .
Five were treated and released .
Administration officials suggested in a conference call with reporters that the workers could be suffering from sunstroke in the hot Louisiana temperatures .
They also said the workers recruited for the clean - up – fishermen and shrimpers put out of work because of the spill – had received training and wore protective gear .
However , the protective clothing does not include respirators , which environmental activists say violates safety regulations for workers exposed to dangerous chemicals .
None of the workers pictured raking up oil from the beaches of Grand Isle Louisiana in photographs released by the Deepwater command centre today was wearing a mask or respirator .
( May 18 , 2010 ) ST .
LOUIS -
The light bulb is a 620 watt G.E. bulb that is placed inside a red reflector .
It blinks every two seconds to warn low flying aircraft .
The same guy has been changing the bulb once a year for the past 15 years .
Here he is replacing the bulb on May 18 , 2010 .
In addition to privacy concerns over full body scanners used in airports , U.S. scientists are now warning that radiation from said scanners has been dangerously underestimated and could lead to an increase in skin cancer , particularly in children
According to Rush Limbaugh , First Lady Michelle Obama described her daughters as being fat when she appeared on Huckabee 's Fox News show .
He said :
Now , why , since Obama just described this wonderful system where his two daughters -- two fat daughters , according to his wife -- his two fat daughters came down with some sort of a disease and had to rush them to the emergency room , why design a system that destroys the very best private health care that he says he 's so thankful for ?
LIMBAUGH : Any person in America , from the richest guy in the country to the cheapest , poorest illegal immigrant can do exactly the same thing Obama just described and that 's go to the emergency room .
And Tom Coburn made that point .
Everybody gets treated in this country .
That 's not what we 're here talking about .
We 're talking about fraud , waste -- we just need to get it out of there .
You can hear the entire on Media Matters For America
Now here what exactly , Michelle Obama told Mike Huckabee last week during her interview :
MICHELLE OBAMA : I come to this issue more so as a mom than a first lady and I shared my story before because this is really how I became aware of the issue just in my own kids .
You know , life has changed for families a way that I can see :
We 're busier ; we 're less active ; you know , our kids watch more TV ; sometimes it 's hard to get outside ; drive - thru fast food is easier and cheaper ; and as a result , you know , we 're seeing the effects on our kids and I saw it on mine .
And it was because of my pediatrician that just sort of waved a red flag , you know .
MIKE HUCKABEE : What did he say ?
MICHELLE OBAMA : He said , you know , he monitored our kids ' body mass index .
He did n't just do it for our kids , but he did this throughout his practice because he was seeing obesity rates increase .
It was in an urban African - American setting and he saw those trends , so he did it for all of his patients .
And he just said , you know , it -- you know , this -- the trajectory is n't what it should be so you may want to think about doing something .
And I did n't know what to do .
So we just started making some really small changes in our diet : more water , less fruit juices , more vegetables , I cooked a little bit more -- you know , even though we still had to go out because we were busy -- made sure my kids were n't sitting in front of the TV -- no TV during the week .
Little things like that .
HUCKABEE : No TV for your kids during the week ?
MICHELLE OBAMA : During the week -- you know , just on the weekend , and now they have homework , so you know they 're really busy .
So with those minor changes , I saw the impact on my kids almost immediately .
So when I got to this position , I thought , you know , families do n't even know how modern day life has really changed the way our kids move and eat , and if I did n't know , you know , what about communities where people are n't even talking about this issue ?
So , I thought that this platform would give me an opportunity to shine a light , to give more information to parents , to talk about health of food in schools , to talk about access and affordability issues , so it is really personal for me .
Both The White House and the State Department are trying to kill the rumor that Hillary Clinton could be the next Supreme Court pick .
So who is ?
Advertisement
Sen .
Orrin
Hatch lit a fire under the rumors on Today this morning , saying , ( around 3:50 in the video below ) , " I even heard the name Hillary Clinton today , and that would be an interesting person in the mix , " he said .
Pressed by Matt Lauer , Hatch said likes Clinton and has " high respect " for Clinton , who 's done " a good job for Democrats . "
( Senator Patrick Leahy jumped in to say she 's done a good job for the country overall . )
But a spokesman for the Secretary told Secretary Clinton is working incredibly hard as Secretary of State .
She loves her present job and is not looking for another one . "
Advertisement
Today , two names have been added to the rumored shortlist , which already includes Elena Kagan , Janet Napolitano , Diane Wood , Jennifer Granholm , and Merrick Garland — all women except for the ambiguously - named Garland .
Now , the AP reports that Sidney Thomas , a federal appeals court judge in Montana , is also under consideration .
( Thomas is a guy .
Ambiguous name number two . )
And ABC News ' Jake Tapper reports the consideration of Leah Sears , described as follows :
Sears , who will turn 55 in June , was the first female African - American chief justice in US history , and when nominated for the state supreme court by then - Gov. Zell Miller in 1992 , she became the first woman and the youngest person to ever sit on the court .‬‪.. A member of the left - leaning American Constitution Society , she is also a friend of conservative Justice Clarence Thomas . ‬
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Presumably the odd juxtaposition in the last sentence is an indication that some of her best friends are Republicans .
Hatch : Senate Will Quickly Confirm Qualified SCOTUS Nominee [ TPM ]
Crowley : Clinton Loves Her Job , Appreciates Hatch 's " Kind Words " [ Politico ]
White House Kills Hillary SCOTUS Buzz [ Politico ]
Another Name On President Obama 's Supreme Court Short List [ ABCNews ]
Source : Judge Sidney Thomas On Supreme Court List [ AP ]
The Aptera is what we all thought we would be driving in 2010 , when we were kids .
I remember watching The Jetsons and wistfully daydreaming about futuristic looking cars powered by whirring little engines that , I had hoped , would fly .
Sadly the 2e version of the Aptera does n’t fly , it does look the part though and with a drag co-efficient of just 0.15 it slices through the air much more efficiently than a Hummer H2 ( 0.52 ) , a Chevrolet Volt ( 0.301 ) or even the venerable GM EV1 ( 0.195 ) .
The 2e Model offers a 100 mile plus range on a full charge ( from either a 110v or 220 v outlet ) and the 2h version has a 50 mile range on electric power and also features a small gasoline generator to boost overall range to 350 miles .
Reservations are $ 500 USD and the Aptera is set to ship some time around the middle of this year and with a price set at $ 25,000 to the low $ 40,000s depending on options and powertrain you might be seeing these next to you at the lights sooner rather than later .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page or grab the RSS feed -
Aptera 2e Specifications
Dimensions : 53 ″ high x 91.0 ″ wide x 173 ″ long
111 ″ wheelbase
80.5 ″ front track
Other specs : 0.15 Coefficient of drag
5 ″ ground clearance
1500 lbs curb weight
Electric motor torque : 60 FtLb torque 110v 15A charge time : 8 hrs
Battery output : 10 - 13 Kw / hr battery pack
Battery voltage : 336V DC Nominal Traction Voltage
Transmission : Gearbox 10:1 ratio
Battery Type : Lithium Ion Phosphate
Chassis : Front Suspension : Independent unequal length A-arm
Rear Suspension : Swing Arm
Steering : Manual Steering , tilt steering column
Brakes : Manual Brakes , dual circuit brake hydraulics , mechanical brake proportioning , 3 - wheel disc
Wheels : 14 - inch High Strength Stamped Steel wheels
Size : P165/65R14
Performance : Range :
Up to 100 miles per charge
If further proof were needed that , despite their pious words , our political leaders do not take climate change seriously , the recent population debate provides it .
The argument over whether we should aim for 36 million people by the middle of the century is conducted as if the world in 2050 were going to be a richer version of what we have now .
This is the grand delusion of the climate change debate .
None of our political or business leaders is listening to what the scientists are saying .
More surprisingly , nor are our leading demographers , economists and Treasury officials .
All have joined the debate but seem oblivious to the sort of world the growing population is expected to inhabit .
In truth , Australians in 2050 will be living in a nation transformed by a changing climate , with widespread doubt over whether we will make it to the end of the century in a land that is recognisably Australian .
Over the next decades hundreds of thousands of Australians will try to escape those parts of the continent that have become too unpleasant or dangerous to live in and migrate to those that have better water supplies , fewer days of extreme heat and adequate protection from floods , fires and rising seas .
He 's the leader of the Conservative Party and in under two weeks he 's looking for your vote to become Prime Minister .
If you 've not worked out who to vote for - or even if you have - then Jeremy Paxman will be asking David Cameron what he stands for and what he wants to do with power .
Attorney Scott T. Kamin
Since 1995 , the Kamin Civil Rights Group has helped people accused of crimes in courts from 2600 S. California to the Dirksen Federal Building , in matters ranging from murder to tiger killing .
If you or a loved one is charged with a felony in the Chicago area , call us immediately .
Whether you are charged with a property crime , a sex crime , or a crime against another person , we will be there .
Once your innocence is shown , we sue the police for their brutality , your false arrest or your wrongful conviction .
In Illinois , police brutality occurs with alarming frequency .
Regardless of the charge , police often make false arrests and cause physical harm while making the arrest .
At the Kamin Civil Rights Group , we possess sophisticated civil rights litigation experience .
We understand how police officers , sheriff ’s deputies and other law enforcement personnel often abuse their authority .
Police Often Cause Serious Injuries and Death
I understand correct police procedures .
I have in - depth knowledge of your civil rights and how the police often violate your rights .
I can evaluate your situation to provide upfront legal guidance .
If your case has merit , I will help you pursue justice for civil rights violations .
Being charged with a crime does n’t diminish your civil rights .
Do n’t tolerate law enforcement abuse .
Call me today at 312-322-0077 for a free phone consultation .
I command an experienced legal team and significant resources .
Together , we provide top - notch guidance for serious law enforcement abuses that result in injuries and death .
I understand that you may face expensive medical bills , lost wages and extreme distress due to police misconduct and brutality .
I can help you receive justice for cases of taser injuries , excessive force , wrongful death and false arrest .
Criminal Defense Representation
I started my legal career as a criminal defense attorney and I will leverage my experience when I evaluate your criminal charges to create an effective strategy .
I have real - world experience handling complex criminal cases , and I understand how to preserve evidence and present your case at trial .
My goal as your criminal defense lawyer is to help you minimize the consequences you face .
I have extensive outside resources and an experienced staff on my side .
Through in - depth investigations and effective trial preparation , I can help you pursue a better future .
Free Initial Phone Consultation
If you have been arrested or have been the victim of police brutality , call me right away to discuss your case .
Call 312-322-0077 , or send me an e-mail .
But when you 're a government and you need popular opinion on your side , a good apology can pay off in spades .
But since most governments are also douchebags , they never want to apologize too much .
So there 's kind of a delicate balance there that almost always yields thoroughly ridiculous results .
Apologies are so difficult that some people manage to go pretty much their whole lives without ever offering them .
5 America Apologizes for Japanese Internment , Barely
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Two months after the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor , FDR signed Executive Order 9066 forcing every single one of the more than 100,000 Japanese - Americans on the West Coast of the United States into internment camps .
Officially they were called " Assembly Centers , " which sounds a little more fun , sort of like Field Day .
The winner gets a writ of Habeas corpus !
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
More than two thirds of the people interned were full - fledged U.S. citizens , ripped from their jobs and their homes and forced to leave virtually everything they owned behind .
Then they were transported to hastily renovated racetracks and fairgrounds for the remainder of the war , where hundreds died from inadequate medical care and " bullet in the neck " syndrome .
Basically , they were involuntarily turned into carnival workers , without the dignity .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
How'd They Make it All Better ?
After the war ended the government reacted shockingly quick , and in 1948 Congress allowed every citizen that was held in the camps to claim compensation for what they had lost .
Of course , this offer was n't made until after the IRS had destroyed most of the detainees ' tax returns from the decade before , making it virtually impossible to prove a loss of any kind .
This is sort of like stealing somebody 's wallet , then saying you 'll be happy to return it as soon as they prove their identity with a valid driver 's license .
Wi -Fi Sync is quite the gem ( at least we think so ) but it had some limitations -- namely , it only worked on OS X for desktop , and only with iPhone / iPod touch .
Developer Greg Hughes pinged us earlier today to let us know he 's thrown the gates off such restrictions .
The jailbroken app now works for both iPads and Windows -- XP , Vista , and 7 .
The desktop client is free to download but it still cost just a hair under $ 10 for the appropriate mobile device .
Worth the price of breaking free from wires ?
Your call .
WOOLWORTHS has been cheating customers of its online store by displaying inaccurate unit prices for common grocery items .
Laws introduced last December require all major grocery chains to display prices for a common measurement for a product as well as the total price .
Supermarket online stores are also required to display unit prices , which are designed to help consumers compare similar items of varying sizes .
However , a Herald investigation of the Woolworths online shop found major discrepancies in the unit prices of many items .
In one case , the actual unit price for a block of chocolate was 122 per cent higher than the unit price shown .
Retailers caught breaching the unit pricing laws face penalties up to $ 1.1 million
A spokesman for Choice , Christopher Zinn , said it was unlikely the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission would prosecute Woolworths over the alleged breach .
The list of Toronto mayoralty candidates running from the conservative side of the spectrum is getting pretty long .
Even longer is the list of public assets they are promising to sell off should one of them win the election .
Toronto Hydro , the downtown heating and cooling system , parking meters , parking lots , garbage collection , transit routes , even ski hills and campgrounds have all been offered up by business - friendly candidates , all promising to downsize the city out of its fiscal problems .
And it 's not just in Toronto that " For Sale " signs are being hung on publicly owned assets .
The financial crisis and resulting recession left a legacy of deep red ink for all levels of government : federal , provincial and municipal .
( Do n't forget , the downturn was caused by business , not by government .
Perhaps the private sector does n't know best , after all . )
Ottawa and Queen's Park are both studying the privatization of key Crown corporations , supposedly to fight the deficit that the market – not government – created .
These would - be mayors want to move much faster .
If one of them wins office , the auctioneer 's hammer will be falling in very short order .
Addressing deficits through a one - time fire sale of public assets is politically attractive to conservatives , who think government 's economic role should be minimized , deficit or no deficit .
But what about the economic and financial case for privatization : does it make any sense ?
Far from solving our current deficit woes , privatization will in fact make things worse .
From a balance sheet perspective , simply selling an asset cannot improve the government 's net position .
Yes , the proceeds can pay off some debt .
But assets have declined , too .
The government 's net indebtedness ( debt minus assets ) is unchanged .
There 's no change in the fundamental fiscal sustainability of the government and no savings from lower interest rates .
From a cash flow perspective , the implications of privatization are even worse .
Most public assets generate stable flows of revenue from sales of goods and services , fees and other sources .
By selling the asset , the government forgoes that future revenue stream .
If the lost revenue is greater than the reduction in interest payments resulting from the one - time reduction in debt , then privatization undermines the government 's long - run fiscal balance .
Consider the case of Toronto Hydro , the crown jewel of the city 's asset base .
The city 's equity stake in Toronto Hydro ( valued at around $ 1 billion ) continues to be a solidly profitable investment .
According to the last five annual financial reports , the city has earned an average return on equity ( from Toronto Hydro 's continuing operations only ) of close to 10 per cent a year .
And since Toronto Hydro is closely regulated by the Ontario Energy Board , decent returns are assured in future years .
This healthy and stable rate of profit is significantly higher than the interest rates paid by the city on its own debt ( which can be as low as 2.5 per cent ) .
Selling off Toronto Hydro and using the proceeds to reduce city debt would thereby produce a net fiscal loss in future years of $ 50 million per year or more , based on the difference between Toronto Hydro 's profits and the city 's own interest rates .
That can mean only one thing : higher property taxes or public service cuts in the future , once the one - shot proceeds from the sale have been spent .
But adding insult to injury , private ownership of the municipal utility would certainly lead to higher electricity prices for Toronto residents down the road .
After all , investors are n't clamouring to buy the company out of the goodness of their hearts ; they are eyeing even bigger profits down the road .
So Torontonians pay twice : once in taxes , because the city lost a money - making asset , and then again on their utility bills .
Selling off Toronto Hydro makes sense for the Bay Street brokers who would haul in enormous commissions , skimming off some of the cream from this fine asset for themselves .
But it makes no fiscal sense for the city .
Moreover , privatization would undermine Toronto Hydro 's ability to fulfill other public policy functions – like its vaunted conservation programs .
What private company would encourage consumers to buy less of the product it is selling ?
After all , most public corporations were originally created to serve a broader public policy goal .
In cases of " natural monopoly " ( such as hydro ) , public ownership prevents private companies from gouging the public .
It 's this natural monopoly power that makes Toronto Hydro so attractive to private investors , especially if privatization is followed by deregulation .
Who knows how high rates will then rise ?
Toronto Hydro was established a century ago thanks to the leadership of William Peyton Hubbard , Toronto 's first black city councillor and the son of a freed slave .
At that time , private power companies provided inferior service and gouged consumers .
Hubbard fought for public democratic control of essential services like water and hydro , to ensure quality service and affordable rates .
He would roll over in his grave if 100 years later we abandon " power to the people " and revert to " profits for the few . "
The current rush to sell public assets is not driven by economics , nor by the public interest .
It is driven by politics and the hunger for private profits .
Financiers hunger for " sure - thing " investment opportunities like Toronto Hydro instead of building new private companies from the ground up ; it 's much easier to buy out healthy public ones .
Business - friendly political candidates hope to advance this agenda , invoking simplistic phobia of deficits and pretending we can magically escape debt through asset sales .
But if we 're concerned for the long - term fiscal health of our cities , let alone for the well - being of our communities , we will firmly resist their siren call .
Toby Sanger is economist with the Canadian Union of Public Employees .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Jim Stanford is economist with the Canadian Auto Workers , and was a member of Mayor David Miller 's Independent Fiscal Review Panel .
Ilya Kovalchuk , Denis Grebeshkov and Alexander Frolov added to Team Russia ( Photo © RIA Novosti )
As reported by the official site of the Russian Hockey Federation , forwards Ilya Kovalchuk ( New Jersey Devils ) and Alexander Frolov ( Los Angeles Kings ) , as well as blue liner Denis Grebeshkov ( Nashville Predators ) have been added to team Russia ’s roster for the upcoming 2010 IIHF World Championship in Germany as their NHL teams were excluded from the Stanley Cup run .
This is surely a boost for team Russia , who will miss Anton Volchenkov and Igor Grigorenko due to injuries .
Bykov and Zakharkin will be also without Alexei Morozov , Danis Zaripov and Sergei Zinoviev , all sidelined with injuries .
Salavat Yulaev ’s Alexander Radulov got a mild injury too and will miss the upcoming LG Hockey games in Sweden , but will play in Germany .
What you do n't know can eat you . �
Founded in 2007 , the Zombie Research Society ( ZRS ) is dedicated to raising the level of zombie scholarship in the Arts and Sciences .
ZRS Members represent diverse backgrounds , interests , and theories , but are unified in their support of the Society 's three foundational principles :
1 ) A zombie is a biologically definable , animated being occupying a human corpse .
2 ) The zombie pandemic is coming .
It 's not a matter of if , but a matter of when .
3 ) Enthusiastic debate about zombies is essential to the survival of the human race .
Become a member of ZRS , and add your insights to the greater zombie discussion .
The life you save may be your own .
Quality guaranteed .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Tex . ) was one of only five House Republicans to support the repeal of the military ’s “ Do n’t Ask Don’t Tell ” policy on gay servicemembers , which passed the House on a 234-194 vote last night .
But Paul ’s vote came as a bit of a surprise .
An unabashed foe of gay marriage , Paul had a decidedly squeamish stance on gay rights — even prompting actor Sacha Baron Cohen to ambush the Texas Republican for his film “ Bruno . ”
And Paul stated throughout his 2008 presidential campaign that he thought the military ’s policy should stand , though he had some concerns about its enforcement .
When asked about DADT repeal in June 2007 , Paul told CNN :
I think the current policy is a decent policy .
And the problem that we have with dealing with this subject is we see people as groups , as they belong to certain groups and that they derive their rights as belonging to groups .
We do n’t get our rights because we ’re gays or women or minorities .
We get our rights from our creator as individuals .
So every individual should be treated the same way .
So if there is homosexual behavior in the military that is disruptive , it should be dealt with .
But if there ’s heterosexual sexual behavior that is disruptive , it should be dealt with .
A month later , in an interview with Google , Paul responded similarly : “ ‘ Do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ does n’t sound all that bad to me because as an employer , I ’ve never asked them [ employees ] anything and I do n’t want them to tell me anything . ”
But while Paul said that he supported DADT in theory , he began to express some of his concerns about the policy .
“ I think the way it ’s enforced is bad .
Because , literally , if somebody is a very , very good individual working for our military — and I met one just the other day in my office , who was a translator — and he was kicked out for really no good reason at all .
I would want to change that , I do n’t support that interpretation . ”
It ’s encouraging that Paul has finally managed to fit DADT repeal into his ideological universe .
( Former Republican — now independent — Florida Senate candidate Charlie Crist also flipped his stance to support the repeal , just days before the House vote . )
And Paul ’s reversal on the issue begs the questions as to whether his son — Kentucky GOP Senate candidate and Civil Rights Act skeptic Rand Paul — feels the same way .
Searching for Emma : Father Fights for Daughter Given Up for Adoption John Wyatt said ex had no right to give baby Emma to couple in Utah .
April 16 , 2010  -- John
Wyatt never got a chance to hold his daughter .
He 's never even seen her .
All he has are a few pictures .
He hopes that will eventually change .
Wyatt , 21 , is embroiled in a multi-state custody dispute after his ex-girlfriend gave their daughter , Emma , up for adoption without his consent .
" I talked about raising the baby everytime I saw her .
To me there was never really an option , " he told " Good Morning America " today .
" I knew that I would do anything to be there for my child because I know what it 's like to grow up without a father . "
When Colleen Fahland got pregnant at 19 , Wyatt said , he was very clear that he wanted to raise their daughter .
" Every time we talked together it was clear we were going to make a decision together , " he said .
But Emma , now 1 , was adopted by a family in Utah , a state known for siding with mothers in out - of - wedlock cases .
Wyatt said that he told Fahland the night before the birth that he wanted to be in the delivery room .
The next day , he could n't reach her and panicked .
Wyatt said he went with the hospital , but was told she was n't there .
But she was there and had told the hospital not to list her as a patient .
He tried to enter the nursery to see his daughter and was threatened with arrest .
He tried for days to find out what happened to Fahland and his baby and was devastated to find out Fahland had given the baby up to Utah couple .
Wyatt went to court in Virginia and won custody of the infant , setting off a legal dispute between Virginia and Utah .
" It 's the worst experience I have ever been through in my life , " he said .
Lawyers for Fahland told ABC
News that she now has " regrets " about how the situation was handled .
Utah , Virgnia Battling Over Custody of Baby Emma
Wyatt 's lawyer , Stanton Phillips , said Utah has made such situations " impossible " for birth fathers .
" We 're being told that Utah law overrides Virginia , " Phillips said , accusing Utah of ignoring federal kidnapping laws that gives the child 's home state , Virgnia in this case , the authority to decide custody .
The Utah couple who adopted Emma issued a statement to ABC News that they are " saddened that Mr. Wyatt has chosen to try this case in the media , rather than the courts where it belongs . "
" As with all cases , there are at least two sides to the story , " the statement read .
" The adoptive parents prefer to allow the courts to do their job rather than to sensationalize their very personal and difficult situation in the national media . "
There are at least 10 other recent cases in which babies were taken to Utah without their fathers ' consent .
" Utah adoption statutes are especially harsh with respect to biological fathers who wish to assert rights in an adoption proceedings , " said Joan Hollinger , a law professor at the University of California at Berkeley .
Image caption Gen Menard was in charge Nato's Task Force Kandahar
The commander of Canada 's forces in Afghanistan has been dismissed following allegations of an inappropriate personal relationship .
A senior Canadian military official said allegations against General Daniel Menard were being investigated .
He gave no details .
The military said the dismissal would not affect its mission in Afghanistan .
Most of Canada 's 2,800 troops in the country are based in the south , where Nato has been fighting the Taliban .
A major campaign is planned in the Kandahar area in the coming months .
General Menard was in charge of Nato's Task Force Kandahar .
On Tuesday , he pleaded guilty at a court - martial to accidentally firing his weapon at Kandahar Air Field in March .
He will be replaced by General Dean Milner .
New York ( CNN ) --
Law enforcement officials are examining surveillance video from the Times Square area showing a man changing his shirt around the time of the bomb scare Saturday night , New York 's police commissioner said Sunday .
The video " shows a white male in his 40s , in Shubert Alley , looking back in the direction of West 45th Street , " Commissioner Ray Kelly told a news conference .
" He also was seen shedding a dark - colored shirt , revealing a red one underneath .
He put the darker one into a bag that he was carrying , " he said .
The video was captured about a half block from where police said a Nissan Pathfinder containing bomb - making materials was found Saturday evening on West 45th Street in the city 's iconic Times Square area .
The police also have a videotape from a Pennsylvania tourist that is being examined , according to Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne .
i Report : Were you there ?
Share pics , videos
Also Sunday , Kelly said an NYPD bomb squad blew open a large gun locker found in the Pathfinder , revealing eight bags of an " unknown substance " and a pressure - cooker - type metal pot containing a " bird 's nest of wires and M - 88 firecrackers . "
Preliminary tests later determined the substance to be " non-explosive grade fertilizer incapable of blowing up , " according to Browne .
The gun locker was one of many items found in the rear of the Pathfinder after a T - shirt vendor alerted a nearby police officer to smoke coming out of the vehicle .
Officials removed from the SUV three propane tanks weighing between 15 and 17 pounds , Kelly said , comparing them to the kind typically used on backyard barbecues .
One of the tanks had more M - 88 firecrackers attached to the side , Kelly said , some of which detonated inside the vehicle .
Also found in the vehicle 's back seat were two full five - gallon gasoline containers , Kelly said .
And between those gasoline containers was a " 16 - ounce can filled with between 20 and 30 M - 88 devices , " he said , adding that two clocks on the floor of the vehicle 's back seat were connected by wires to the can containing the firecrackers , and possibly to the gun locker as well .
Read more about the discovery of the car bomb
Had the car bomb detonated , Kelly said it would have caused casualties and a " significant fireball . "
" I'm told the vehicle itself would have at least been cut in half , " he said .
" You have large numbers of pedestrians in that area , so , yeah , we were lucky that it did n't detonate . "
Browne added that the materials found were " capable of producing human casualties and broken windows , " but did not have enough force " to take down a structure , in the opinion of NYPD bomb experts . "
Officials did not immediately know how the bomb would have been detonated , but Kelly offered a few hints into its design .
" ( We believe ) the timers would ignite the can of explosives and that would cause the five - gallon cans ( of gasoline ) to go on fire and then explode the propane tanks and have some effect on that rifle box , " Kelly said .
Times Square evacuation captured on iPhone
Meanwhile , Times Square returned to its bustling self Sunday , even as questions remained about the source of the attempted car bombing .
In a purported Pakistani Taliban video that surfaced on the internet Sunday , the group took responsibility for the foiled attack , though Kelly said Sunday afternoon that " we have no evidence to support this claim . "
The group , Tehrik - e - Taliban Pakistan , says in the video that the attack was revenge for their leaders killed by American forces , and for U.S. and NATO interference in that part of the world .
Another claim of responsibility e-mailed by an individual to a local New York news station is being investigated , Kelly said .
Kelly called the foiled attack " a sober reminder that New York is clearly a target of people who want to come here and do us harm . "
President Obama , speaking from Venice , Louisiana , where he was monitoring a massive oil slick creeping toward the Gulf Coast , promised " to see that justice is done " in the failed car bombing .
" Since last night , my national security teams have been taking every step necessary to ensure that our state and local partners have the full support and cooperation of the federal government , " he said .
" We 're going to do what 's necessary to protect the American people , to determine who 's behind this potentially deadly act and to see that justice is done . "
In an advisory sent to local and national law enforcement , the Department of Homeland Security wrote , " There is no information to indicate that this was anything more than a single incident .
Additionally , there is no reporting suggesting targeting of other specific locations . "
Kelly said following the discovery of the Pathfinder , police officers did a search for secondary devices in the area and found none .
The investigation was focusing on examinations of the Nissan Pathfinder where the attempted homemade bomb was placed .
Kelly said the vehicle is being combed for fingerprints , hair , fibers and other evidence that may help identify who was responsible , and hours of surveillance footage in the area were being monitored for possible clues .
Another angle of the investigation involved the license plates found on the vehicle .
Authorities said that the Connecticut license plate on the front of Pathfinder did not belong to that car , but to a pickup truck that was last reported at a junkyard .
Following that lead , police were spotted at an automobile used parts company , Kramer 's Used Auto Parts of Stratford , Connecticut .
Kelly said that the plate found on the rear of the Pathfinder was also registered to a different vehicle , which was located in an auto repair shop in Connecticut , where its matching plate was also found .
The Pathfinder 's vehicle identification number had been removed from the dashboard , but officials recovered it from another location on the car , a federal law enforcement official told CNN .
Kelly said officials have identified the registered owner of the Pathfinder , but were not yet making his name public .
A New York police official told CNN the owner lives in the Tri-state area of New York , New Jersey and Connecticut .
The lockdown of the popular New York attraction began around 6:30 p.m. Saturday after a T - shirt vendor -- a Vietnam veteran -- saw the SUV , found it suspicious and alerted a mounted police officer .
Officer Wayne Rhatigan peered inside and noticed a box with smoke coming out and smelled gunpowder .
Authorities immediately evacuated the area .
Watch police evacuate McDonald's : ' Pack your food up !
Let 's go !'
Rhatigan , a 19 - year NYPD veteran , and vendor Lance Orton were called " heroes " by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Sunday .
" We 're very lucky that people like Wayne and ... Lance Orton saw something and did something about it , and that 's what we all have to do , " Bloomberg said outside Blue Fin restaurant in Times Square , where he later dined with Rhatigan in a show of the safety around the area .
" There are some people around the world that find our freedoms so threatening that they 're willing to kill themselves and others to prevent us from enjoying it , but we 're not going to let them win , " Bloomberg said .
Rhatigan said that after smelling the gunpowder he thought , " Uh oh , this is a little bit more than just a parked car and a cigarette in the ashtray . "
He said that despite the potential danger , there was n't time to be scared as he and other officers sought to set up a perimeter and evacuate passers - by .
" It 's what we do , this is our job , " Rhatigan , 46 , said outside the restaurant .
CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Mary Snow contributed to this report .
GO IT ALONE !
Copyright 2004 by Bruce Judson .
Reprinted by permission of HarperCollins Publishers .
All rights reserved .
Other sites associated with Bruce Judson : T1 Anywhere , Relevnt
