PHOENIX , Arizona ( CNN ) -- Jaime Andrade had just gotten out of the shower when the men came to snatch him .
Jaime Andrade was kept in this closet for three days without food or water , police say .
His wife , Araceli Valencia , was mopping the kitchen in their family home on a typical warm spring morning in Phoenix , Arizona , " when she suddenly felt a hard object pointed to the back of her head and a voice in Spanish tell her not to move , " according to a Phoenix , Arizona , police investigative report .
" I told you not to look at me ! "
Valencia heard one of the kidnappers bark as he struck Andrade across the head .
Her four children bawling , Valencia was hustled into a bedroom where an armed man fondled her and threatened to rape her if she did n't tell him where Andrade hid his money , according to the report .
After beating and binding Andrade , one of the kidnappers put a gun to Valencia 's head .
His message :
We 're taking your husband and SUV .
We 'll be watching your house .
If you call the cops , he 's a dead man .
Andrade , his wife would later tell police , was a mechanic and freelance human smuggler , or coyote .
Police say his 2006 kidnapping was evidence of a growing trend in Phoenix : drug and human traffickers abducting each other for ransoms or retribution .
Watch why Phoenix is the hotspot »
The trend continues , as police investigated roughly a kidnapping a day in 2007 and 2008 and are on track to shatter those numbers this year .
Police are stingy with details of fresh cases navigating the court system , but recently allowed CNN to review the files from Andrade 's kidnapping .
For two and a half days after Andrade 's abduction , the kidnappers -- including a man whom Andrade later said had been a friend -- deprived their victim of food and water .
Through the door of the closet where he was held , Andrade could hear the cries of other victims being tortured in the house , the report said .
Series : Drug Cartels
This is the second in CNN . com 's four - part series on drug cartels .
Monday : Authorities are taking on Mexico's drug cartels as the groups ' tentacles extend into the U.S .
Wednesday : Almost 70 percent of students at an El Paso , Texas , school live in Mexico
Thursday : From moonshine to marijuana , a look at the evolving drug problem in rural America
This is the second in CNN .
com 's four - part series on drug cartels .
Authorities are taking on Mexico's drug cartels as the groups ' tentacles extend into the U.S. Almost 70 percent of students at an El Paso , Texas , school live in MexicoFrom moonshine to marijuana , a look at the evolving drug problem in rural America
Meanwhile , Valencia had defied the kidnappers and called police , who listened to Andrade " scream and howl in pain " over the phone as the kidnappers tried to cut off his ear and a finger .
The torture would continue until Valencia came up with the ransom , the kidnappers told her .
Hear Andrade 's wife plead with the kidnappers »
They were true to their word .
Andrade was pistol - whipped and beaten with a baseball bat and the butt of a rifle .
The kidnappers tried to gouge out his eye and slashed open his left eyebrow .
They burned his back as well -- presumably , police said , with a blowtorch found at the scene .
Read how the next door neighbors knew nothing of this
The blindfolded Andrade " could feel his pants and underwear being cut open by an unknown person , " he told police .
He was told to bend over and was beaten when he refused .
" Jaime felt his legs being forced apart and heard Aldo say he was going to get his money , " the report said .
The kidnappers then sodomized him with a broomstick , a pair of scissors and a wooden dowel used to hang clothes in a closet .
Kidnappers creative with coercion
Ferocity is often a hallmark of the abductions taking place in this south Arizona city of 1.5 million that serves as a prime transshipment point for drugs and human cargo .
Watch how the kidnappers choose their targets »
Phoenix police say they have yet to witness the level of violence -- the beheadings , the bodies shoved in drums -- that their counterparts are seeing in Mexico City or the border town of Juarez .
" It gets close sometimes , " said Lt. Lauri Burgett , who heads the Home Invasion and Kidnapping Enforcement squad .
Kidnappers will smash their victims ' fingers with bricks , snip their backs open with wire cutters , carve them up with knives or simply shoot them .
" We 've had them electrocuted .
They set them in a tub with water and use kind of barbaric means and zap the tub .
I think it was a battery hooked up , " Burgett said .
Two kidnappings last year resulted in murders , she added , but it 's not the norm .
Phoenix police formed the HIKE squad in October after two years of unprecedented kidnapping numbers -- 357 in 2007 and 368 in 2008 -- gave the city the dubious distinction of being the nation 's kidnapping capital .
Home invasions were not far behind : 317 in 2007 and 337 in 2008 .
See kidnapping numbers since 1999 »
" It 's all about the money .
And there 's so much money to be made in this that you can't stop it , but you can try to reveal it , and then you can try to do something about it , " Burgett said .
The task force has made dozens of arrests , but as of March 31 , the city had 101 reported kidnappings .
If the trend continues , Phoenix will record an increase in kidnapping for a fourth straight year .
More frustrating is that the numbers represent only a third , maybe less , of the city 's kidnappings , said Sgt. Tommy Thompson , a police spokesman with 16 years of drug enforcement experience .
Most kidnappings are n't reported , he said , because the victims are generally smugglers , drug dealers or illegal immigrants -- or some combination of the three .
Other criminals targeted
The most common cases are criminal - on - criminal -- drug smugglers or coyotes snatching rivals or their loved ones .
In some cases , a drug dealer may have lost a load or failed to make a payment , but there are also cases when kidnappers do it solely for the ransom , which can be between $ 30,000 and $ 250,000 , Thompson said .
" [ The victims are ] wearing the doper bling - bling , and they target them , " he said .
" We 've had several cases where the ransom amount has been $ 1 million that the person has asked for .
In addition to that , they often ask for drugs -- 100 pounds of marijuana , perhaps a pound or two of speed , a pound or two of cocaine or several ounces of heroin . "
Phoenix police have even arrested victims after rescuing them , Burgett said .
Less frequent but still accounting for 78 kidnappings last year are cases in which coyotes hold their human cargo captive or steal another coyote 's patrons , known as pollos ( Spanish for chickens ) , Burgett said .
Burgett said human trafficking is often linked to the drug trade because both industries require the same routes and subterfuge to ferry their wares into the country .
See what other cities have a cartel presence
There are rarely " true victims " in Phoenix 's kidnappings , the lieutenant said .
However , one criminal attorney who has represented at least 10 kidnappers in the last decade insists that the coyote business is " uglier than the drug trade " and that pollos are often killed or forced to do coyotes ' bidding when they can't come up with the ransoms .
" In the drug business , the people getting killed are in the business .
They are not end users , not consumers , " said Antonio Bustamente .
" In the coyote business , the people killed are really innocent .
[ First - time ] illegal entry is a petty offense . "
Though many might debate the innocence of victims entangled in Phoenix 's border - related violence , police say there have been instances when the kidnappers snatched the wrong mark .
Girl mistakenly snatched
On the evening of March 17 , 2008 , a 13 - year - old girl and her friend were walking out of a home in the suburb of Avondale .
They were planning to play basketball .
The friend , according to a police investigative report , was the niece of a man named " Chucky . "
Chucky and his cohorts , witnesses told police , had earlier stolen 55 pounds of marijuana and left several men tied up in a vacant house .
Hours later , the investigative report said , armed men arrived at Chucky 's sister 's house in three vehicles , one a white Chevrolet Tahoe with blue - and - red strobes like the police use .
The men wanted Chucky , their drugs or $ 24,000 .
The 13 - year - old said she did n't know Chucky .
When she tried to walk away , " one of them grabbed her by the neck , pointed a gun at her and forced her in the vehicle , " the report said .
Eventually , the men called the girl 's mother to demand ransom .
A police officer took the phone and informed the men they had the wrong girl .
She was released relatively unharmed in the suburb of Surprise .
The case serves as a reminder that as police scramble to tamp the bloodshed before it reaches the levels proliferating south of the border , collateral damage is a reality .
Watch how the kidnapping often occur in quiet neighborhoods »
The origins of the kidnappers -- 90 percent of whom hail from the Mexican state from which the notorious Sinaloa drug cartel takes its name -- also remind law enforcement that 150 miles south lies a country racked with a more extreme brand of violence .
The tortured Andrade was fortunate that police were able to find him .
On Andrade 's third day in captivity , an undercover officer posing as a loan shark convinced the kidnappers to lower their ransom from $ 50,000 to $ 10,000 and the title to the Ford Expedition they had stolen .
When the kidnappers arrived at the drop point , a Safeway supermarket parking lot , police swarmed on their green Chevrolet Tahoe , the report said .
One of the men , Luis Alberto Castro - Vega , then 23 , disclosed Andrade 's whereabouts after police promised not to charge him with kidnapping .
Only Castro - Vega has been convicted of crimes associated with Andrade 's kidnapping : first - degree burglary , theft by extortion , armed robbery and three counts of aggravated assault .
In September 2006 , a judge sentenced Castro - Vega to 54 years in prison .
Thompson said he hopes the stiff sentence sends a message that Phoenix police expect the kidnappings and violence to end , regardless of the targets and the perpetrators .
" The problems that occur when it 's criminal versus criminal , that 's still violence on the streets of America , " he said .
" If those people get in a gunbattle , those bullets have to go somewhere , and that could be a playground where kids are playing .
That could be a neighbor 's house where a neighbor is inside sleeping that has nothing to do whatsoever with the illegal activity , but yet they become senseless victims of the violence . "
All About Phoenix Police Department • Phoenix ( Arizona ) • Drug Trafficking • Kidnapping
The beauty of recycling China 's surplus into metals instead of US bonds is that it kills so many birds with one stone : it stops the yuan rising , without provoking complaints of currency manipulation by Washington ; metals are easily stored in warehouses , unlike oil ; the holdings are likely to rise in value over time since the earth 's crust is gradually depleting its accessible ores .
Above all , such a policy safeguards China 's industrial revolution , while the West may one day face a supply crisis .
Get information on education programs that could help you increase your earning power .
Enlarge File photo by Ethan Miller , Getty Images
A sign hangs outside of a foreclosed home on Nov. 13 in North Las Vegas , Nevada .
A USA TODAY analysis of a report by RealtyTrac shows most of the 35 counties leading the foreclosure boom are clustered in places such as Southern California , Las Vegas , Phoenix , South Florida and Washington , where home values shot up dramatically in the first half of the decade , then began to crumble .
Most foreclosures pack into a few counties WASHINGTON 
More than half of the nation 's foreclosures last year took place in 35 counties , a sign that the financial crisis devastating the national economy may have begun with collapsing home loans in only a few corners of the country .
Those counties , spread over a dozen states , accounted for more than 1.5 million foreclosure actions last year , a USA TODAY analysis of figures compiled by the real estate listing firm RealtyTrac shows — more than were recorded in the entire United States just two years earlier .
They were the epicenter of a wave of foreclosures that have left leading banks teetering and magnified the nation 's economic problems .
MILLIONS COULD GET HELP :
But is foreclosure plan fair ?
GOOD NEWS : Foreclosures down 10 % STATE -BY - STATE GRAPHIC : Foreclosures in 2008
" This crisis was triggered by foreclosures , and a lot of those were in a very small number of areas , " says William Lucy , a University of Virginia professor who has studied the link between lenders and faltering home loans .
Banks spread the risk and " it became like a car with no reverse gear .
Once it starts to go over the cliff , it 's gone . "
In other parts of the country , the foreclosure wave was barely a ripple — at least until it started swamping major banks that had invested heavily in mortgages .
Banking giant Wachovia Corp. , for example , was hammered after California and Florida customers of one mortgage firm it bought began defaulting at high rates .
The risks of such lending were spread so broadly among financial institutions that , when the loans went bad , it drove the national credit crisis , says Christopher Mayer , who studies real estate at Columbia Business School .
A few of the 35 counties leading the foreclosure boom are in already - distressed areas around Detroit and Cleveland .
But most are clustered in places such as Southern California , Las Vegas , Phoenix , South Florida and Washington , where home values shot up dramatically in the first half of the decade , then began to crumble .
Realty Trac 's counts of foreclosure actions include default notices , auctions and repossessions by lenders , and can sometimes count the same property twice .
As a result , they tend to be higher than estimates from other tracking firms .
But they remain one of the best geographic measures of the nation 's housing collapse .
The Obama administration on Wednesday detailed a $ 75 billion plan to keep more homeowners from slipping into foreclosure by helping them refinance loans or reduce their monthly payments .
But that effort could face political challenges because most of the foreclosure problem has been so concentrated in a few areas , says Brookings Institution researcher Alan Mallach .
The worst - hit counties are home to about 20 % of U.S. households , but accounted for just over 50 % of the nation 's foreclosure actions last year , driving most of the national increase .
And even among those places , a few stand out : Eight counties in Arizona , California , Florida and Nevada were the source of about a quarter of the nation 's foreclosures last year .
In more than 650 other counties — about a fifth of the nation — the number of foreclosure actions actually dropped since 2006 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The final draft of the revised version of ECMAScript - better known by the Sun Microsystems - trademarked name of its most popular dialect , JavaScript - has been published by the ECMA and is now available as ECMA - 262 for final interoperability and compatibility testing .
This version , developed under the working name of ECMAScript 3.1 , will be known as ECMAScript , Fifth Edition , and will supercede the current formally established standard , ECMAScript , Third Edition .
ECMAScript , Fourth Edition was never completed , but - according to the ECMA - much of the work done on it has been carried into the Fifth Edition .
The Fourth Edition ( ES4 ) was scuttled in part due to objections by Microsoft , which arm - wrestled with Adobe and Mozilla over a number of the Fourth Edition 's capabilities .
The debate over ES4 turned at times acrimonious , with Microsoft IE architect Chris Wilson saying that it introduced too many changes and Mozilla architect Brendan Eich accusing Wilson of spreading " falsehoods " about the proposed standard .
In the end , Microsoft won - with the ultimate result being the newly released final draft of the Fifth Edition .
According to an ECMA statement , the Fifth Edition contains a number of specs that are now common in major browsers , including features that have emerged since the Third Edition was formalized such as " accessor properties , reflective creation and inspection of objects , program control of property attributes , additional array manipulation functions , support for the JSON object encoding format , and a strict mode that provides enhanced error checking and program security . "
If final interoperability and compatibility testing goes as planned , the ECMA General Assembly should ratify the Fifth Edition by the end of this year . ®
Robert W. Sussman Ph.D. professor anthropology in Arts & Sciences at ...
In his new book Man the Hunted : Primates Predators and Human Evo ...
' " />
Robert W. Sussman , Ph.D. , professor anthropology in Arts & Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis says that contrary to the prevailing conditions , humans were actually peace loving race in earlier times .
//
Sussman made these comments at a press briefing for " Early Humans on the Menu , " during the American Association for the Advancement of the Science 's Annual Meeting at 2 p.m. on February 18 .
In his new book " Man the Hunted : Primates , Predators and Human Evolution , " Sussman contends that early mammals and man did not evolve as predators but rather as prey for wild dogs and cats , hyenas , eagles and crocodiles .
“ Our intelligence , cooperation and many other features we have as modern humans developed from our attempts to out - smart the predator , " he said .
The idea that man began life as a hunter is generally accepted , but it is no more than a paradigm .
" It developed from a basic Judeo - Christian ideology of man being inherently evil , aggressive and a natural killer .
In fact , when you really examine the fossil and living non-human primate evidence , that is just not the case , " Sussman said .
Sussman and his co-author , Donna L. Hart , focused their research on one specific species , the Australopithecus afarensis , known to have lived between five million and two and a half million years ago .
" Australopithecus afarensis was probably quite strong , like a small ape , " Sussman said .
" It did n't have the sharp shearing blades necessary to retain and cut such foods , .
These early humans simply could n't eat meat .
If they could n't eat meat , why would they hunt ? "
Sussman and Hart say that modern man 's socialization and cooperation evolved from being a prey rather than a predator , " In fact , all diurnal primates ( those active during the day ) live in permanent social groups .
Most ecologists agree that predation pressure is one of the major adaptive reasons for this group living .
In this way there are more eyes and ears to locate the predators and more individuals to mob them if attacked or to confuse them by scattering .
There are a number of reasons that living in groups is beneficial for animals that otherwise would be very prone to being preyed upon , " he concluded .
Contact : Neil Schoenherr nschoenherr@wustl.edu 314-935-5235 Washington University in St. Louis Source : Eurekalert
* Ship hijacked 400 miles off Kismayu
* Name of vessel , nationalities of crew not known
* German government investigating
* Pirates say another attack was foiled
( Adds German government spokeswoman , paragraphs 6 - 7 )
By Daniel Wallis
NAIROBI , April 5 ( Reuters ) - Somali pirates have seized a 20,000 - tonne German container vessel in their latest attack on the Indian Ocean 's busy commercial shipping lanes , a regional maritime group said on Sunday .
Heavily armed gangs from the lawless Horn of Africa nation hijacked dozens of vessels there and in the strategic Gulf of Aden last year , taking hundreds of sailors hostage and making off with millions of dollars in ransoms .
Foreign navies rushed warships to the area in response , reducing the number of successful attacks in recent months .
But there are still near - daily attempts .
Andrew Mwangura of the Mombasa - based East African Seafarers ' Assistance Programme said the latest hijacking happened on Saturday 400 nautical miles ( 740 kms ) off the southern Somali port of Kismayu , between the Seychelles and Kenya .
" We believe the German ship has 24 crew on board .
We 're trying to establish their identities and the name of the vessel , " Mwangura told Reuters .
The German Foreign Ministry said it was seeking " concrete evidence " that a German - flagged vessel had been captured .
" The Federal Government is dealing with the case , and all the appropriate public authorities are participating intensively , " a spokeswoman said .
SPEED BOATS
Somali pirates seized two European - owned tankers late last month .
Last week , the Seychelles military deployed security forces on its outer islands after the pirates hijacked a second vessel flying the Indian Ocean nation 's flag .
[ ID:L2197526 ]
The pirates typically use speed boats launched from " mother ships " .
They then take captured vessels to remote coastal village bases in Somalia , where they have usually treat their hostages well in anticipation of a sizeable ransom payment .
In January , Somali gunmen freed the Sirius Star -- a Saudi supertanker loaded with $ 100 million worth of crude oil -- and its 25 crew after $ 3 million was parachuted onto its deck .
Last September , they also grabbed world headlines by seizing a Ukrainian cargo ship carrying 33 Soviet - era T - 72 tanks .
It was released in February , reportedly for a $ 3.2 million ransom .
The pirates say the arrival of high - tech foreign warships in the waters off their country has made their work more dangerous .
One gang member , who asked not to be named , told Reuters in the northern port of Bosasso that he had been part of an aborted attack on another large commercial vessel late on Saturday .
" We opened fire on a ship near the Gulf of Aden , but our ladder was too short to climb up , " he said .
" It escaped at high speed .
We were nine pirates in two speed boats and immediately we came back .
We feared attacks by the warships . "
( Additional reporting by Abdiqani Hassan in Bosasso , Somalia and Brian Rohan in Berlin ; Writing by Daniel Wallis ; Editing by Tim Pearce )
Adblock Plus breaks the upload functionality .
Please disable it .
Tiny Tits Fitness Girl 21 images
http://www.SexyMuscleGirls.com/
Nate Robinson Has A Man Crush On Will Ferrell
Total Pro Sports – On Monday Night the New York Knicks beat the Indiana Pacers 123-119 and were lead by Slam Dunk Champion Nate Robinson who poured in 41 points for his team .
Nate Robinson is playing the best basketball of his career and is enjoying every second in the spotlight .
Even his fans are enjoying the little big man , especially his new greatest fan and man crush Will Ferrell .
After almost every basket he ran by Will Ferrell who was sitting courtside and high fived him .
“ Robinson celebrated after just about every basket and twice slapped hands with Ferrell , who was seated courtside . ”
“ If that was football I would have returned it for six , ” Robinson said , referring to his gridiron days at the University of Washington .
“ But I would have been flagged for celebrating . ”
Nate Robinson and his love for Will Ferrell did n’t end there , after the game he presented his favorite actor with the green “ kryptonite ” Knicks jersey Robinson wore at last week ’s Slam Dunk competition and then autographed it for Ferrel ( he probably signed it , Love your new man crush Big Nate ! ) .
“ You guys have no idea , ” Robinson said .
“ I wanted to play well for the team and for the fans , but definitely for him . ”
Does Nate Robinson truly have a man crush on Will Ferrel ?
Or is this just an overjoyed New York Knick , excited that someone famous has come to watch him ?
You just have to watch the video to decide … .
Share This
U.S. 2007 Baby Boomlet
More babies were born in the United States in 2007 than any year in the nation ’s history , topping the peak during the baby boom 50 years earlier , federal researchers reported Wednesday .
There is both good and bad news from the more than 4.3 million births :
- The U.S. population is more than replacing itself , a healthy trend .
- However , the teen birth rate was up for the second year in a row .
The birth rate rose slightly for women of all ages , and births to unwed mothers reached an all - time high of about 40 percent , continuing a trend begun years ago .
More than three - quarters of these women were 20 or older .
For a variety of reasons , it ’s become more acceptable for women to have babies without a husband , said Duke University ’s S. Philip Morgan , a leading fertility researcher .
Even happy couples may be living together without getting married , experts say .
Some cited a growing trend among all adult women to have children regardless of their marital status .
The new numbers suggest the second year of a baby boomlet , with U.S. fertility rates higher in every racial group , the highest among Hispanic women .
On average , a U.S. woman has 2.1 babies in her lifetime .
That ’s the “ magic number ” required for a population to replace itself .
Countries with much lower rates – such as Japan and Italy – face future labor shortages and eroding tax bases as they fail to reproduce enough to take care of their aging elders .
But it ’s not clear the boomlet will last long .
Some experts think birth rates are already declining because of the economic recession that began in late 2007 .
“ I expect they ’ll go back down .
The lowest birth rates recorded in the United States occurred during the Great Depression – and that was before modern contraception , ” said Dr. Carol Hogue , an Emory University professor of maternal and child health .
The 2007 statistical snapshot reflected a relatively good economy coupled with cultural trends that promoted childbirth , she and others noted .
Meanwhile , U.S. abortions have been dropping to their lowest levels in decades , according to other reports .
Some have attributed the abortion decline to better use of contraceptives , but other experts have wondered if the rise in births might indicate a failure in proper use of contraceptives .
Some earlier studies have shown declining availability of abortions .
Cultural attitudes may be a more likely explanation .
Morgan noted the pregnancy of Bristol Palin , the unmarried teen daughter of former GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
The young woman had a baby boy in December , and plans for a wedding with the father , Levi Johnston , were scrapped .
“ She ’s the poster child for what you do when you get pregnant now , ” Morgan said .
Teen women tend to follow what their older sisters do , so perhaps it ’s not surprising that teen births are going up just like births to older women , said Sarah Brown , the chief executive for the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy .
Indeed , it ’s harder to understand why teen births had been declining for about 15 years before the recent uptick , she said .
It may have been due to a concentrated societal effort to reduce teen births in the 1990s that has waned in recent years , she said .
The statistics are based on a review of most 2007 birth certificates by the National Center for Health Statistics , part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The numbers also showed :
- Cesarean section deliveries continue to rise , now accounting for almost a third of all births .
Health officials say that rate is much higher than is medically necessary .
About 34 percent of births to black women were by C - section , more than any other racial group .
But geographically , the percentages were highest in Puerto Rico , at 49 percent , and New Jersey , at 38 percent .
- The pre-term birth rate , for infants delivered at less than 37 weeks of pregnancy , declined slightly .
It had been generally increasing since the early 1980s .
Experts said they are n’t sure why it went down .
- Among the states , Utah continued to have the highest birth rate and Vermont the lowest .
CDC officials noted that despite the record number of births , this is nothing like what occurred in the 1950s , when a much smaller population of women were having nearly four children each , on average .
That baby boom quickly transformed society , affecting everything from school construction to consumer culture .
Today , U.S. women are averaging 2.1 children each .
That ’s the highest level it ’s been since the early 1970s , but is a relatively small increase from the rate it had hovered at for more than 10 years and is hardly transforming .
“ It ’s the tiniest of baby booms , ” said Morgan in agreement .
“ This is not an earthquake ; it ’s a slight tremor . ”
Via Physorg.com
WEST POINT , N.Y . —
The Army forces were under attack .
Communications were down , and the chain of command was broken .
Pacing a makeshift bunker whose entrance was camouflaged with netting , the young man in battle fatigues barked at his comrades : “ They are flooding the e-mail server .
Block it .
I ’ll take the heat for it . ”
These are the war games at West Point , at least last month , when a team of cadets spent four days struggling around the clock to establish a computer network and keep it operating while hackers from the National Security Agency in Maryland tried to infiltrate it with methods that an enemy might use .
The N.S.A. made the cadets ’ task more difficult by planting viruses on some of the equipment , just as real - world hackers have done on millions of computers around the world .
The competition was a final exam of sorts for a senior elective class .
The cadets , who were computer science and information technology majors , competed against teams from the Navy , Air Force , Coast Guard and Merchant Marine as well as the Naval Postgraduate School and the Air Force Institute of Technology .
Each team was judged on how well it subdued the threats from the N.S.A .
What is Faust ?
Faust ( Functional Audio Stream ) is a functional programming language for sound synthesis and audio processing with a strong focus on the design of synthesizers , musical instruments , audio effects , etc .
Faust targets high - performance signal processing applications and audio plug-ins for a variety of platforms and standards .
The core component of Faust is its compiler .
It allows to " translate " any Faust digital signal processing ( DSP ) specification to a wide range of non-domain specific languages such as C++ , C , JAVA , JavaScript , LLVM bit code , WebAssembly , etc .
In this regard , Faust can be seen as an alternative to C++ but is much simpler and intuitive to learn .
Thanks to a wrapping system called " architectures , " codes generated by Faust can be easily compiled into a wide variety of objects ranging from audio plug-ins to standalone applications or smartphone and web apps , etc. ( check the Quick Tour of the Faust Targets section for an exhaustive list .
Getting Started
There are many ways to get started with Faust , choose the one that suits you the best :
Undercover police are running a network of hundreds of informants inside protest organisations who secretly feed them intelligence in return for cash , according to evidence handed to the Guardian .
They claim to have infiltrated a number of environmental groups and said they are receiving information about leaders , tactics and plans of future demonstrations .
The dramatic disclosures are revealed in almost three hours of secretly recorded discussions between covert officers claiming to be from Strathclyde police , and an activist from the protest group Plane Stupid , whom the officers attempted to recruit as a paid spy after she had been released on bail following a demonstration at Aberdeen airport last month .
Matilda Gifford , 24 , said she recorded the meetings in an attempt to expose how police seek to disrupt the legitimate activities of climate change activists .
She met the officers twice ; they said they were a detective constable and his assistant .
During the taped discussions , the officers :
• Indicate that she could receive tens of thousands of pounds to pay off her student loans in return for information about individuals within Plane Stupid .
• Say they will not pay money direct into her bank account because that would leave an audit trail that would leave her compromised .
They said the money would be tax - free , and added : " UK plc can afford more than 20 quid . "
• Accept that she is a legitimate protester , but warn her that her activity could mean she will struggle to find employment in the future and result in a criminal record .
• Claim they have hundreds of informants feeding them information from protest organisations and " big groupings " from across the political spectrum .
• Explain that spying could assist her if she was arrested .
" People would sell their soul to the devil , " an officer said .
• Warn her that she could be jailed alongside " hard , evil " people if she received a custodial sentence .
The meetings took place in a Glasgow police station last month and in a supermarket cafe on Tuesday .
Gifford used a mobile phone and device sewn into her waistcoat to record what they described as a " business proposal " that she should think of as a job .
They intimated that in return for updates on Plane Stupid 's plans she could receive large sums of money in cash .
When lawyers acting for Plane Stupid contacted Strathclyde police this week to establish the identities of the detective constable , they were initially told by the human resources department there was no record of his name .
But when the Guardian contacted the force , they acknowledged officers had had meetings with Plane Stupid activists .
In a statement last night , assistant chief constable George Hamilton said the force had " a responsibility to gather intelligence " , and such operations were conducted according to the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) .
The force would not comment on the identity of the officers .
" Officers from Strathclyde police have been in contact with a number of protesters who were involved with the Plane Stupid protests including Aberdeen airport , " he said .
" The purpose of this contact has been to ensure that any future protest activity is carried out within the law and in a manner which respects the rights of all concerned . "
Gifford 's lawyer , Patrick Campbell , said : " I have very considerable concerns about these events .
There appears to be a covert operation that is running in some way with , or using , Strathclyde police 's name .
There appears to be a concerted effort to turn protesters to informants and possibly infiltrate peaceful protest movements .
He added : " The methods employed are disturbing , and more worrying yet is the lack of any clearly identifiable body responsible for this .
These individuals seem to have some kind of police support or at the very least connections with the police – the access to police stations confirms that – but my concern is the lack of accountability and the threat to the individual and her right to protest . "
Gifford intended to meet the officers for a third time on Thursday , taking a lawyer with her .
But the officers did not appear at the rendezvous .
However , she said she was later approached by the detective constable , who said he was disappointed in her .
The man got into a car , leaving Gifford feeling shaken and intimidated .
She said last night that the initial approach from the officers was " an opportunity that fell out of the sky " .
She added : " Recording them seemed like the obvious thing to do .
I was keen to find out what they had to offer , what they wanted to find out , and feed that back to the group in case other members of Plane Stupid were approached . "
In a statement , Plane Stupid said : " Our civil liberties were invaded and our right to peaceful protest called into question simply to defend the interests of big business . "
Listen to the tapes and read the transcripts
UPDATE : News Corp. may be backing away from its firing .
HuffPo says and we 've confirmed that Friedman will be meeting with News Corp execs Monday .
EARLIER : On Friday , Fox News entertainment columnist Roger Friedman watched and reviewed one of the pirated copies of Wolverine floating around the Web .
He gave the film a good review but he also raved about the ease of pirating movies :
“ I did find the whole top 10 [ movies in theaters ] , plus TV shows , commercials , videos , everything , all streaming away .
It took really less than seconds to start playing it all right onto my computer .
I could have downloaded all of it but really , who has the time or the room ?
Later tonight I may finally catch up with Paul Rudd in I Love You , Man .
It ’s so much easier than going out in the rain ! ”
Bad move !
His post was swiftly taken down by News Corp , who condemned the post 's promotion of piracy as did Fox News .
News Corp issued a statement obtained by Nikki Finke Saturday night saying , “ Roger Friedman ’s views in no way reflect the views of News Corporation .
We , along with 20th Century Fox Film Corporation , have been a consistent leader in the fight against piracy and have zero tolerance for any action that encourages and promotes piracy .
Once we learned of Roger Friedman ’s post we asked Fox News to remove it , which they did immediately . ”
Nikki reported Saturday night that Friedman had been fired , but that was based on one anonymous source and it was n't confirmed by News Corp , Fox News or Friedman himself .
Today , however , News Corp amended its above statement to read , " When we advised Fox News of the facts they took immediate action , removed the post , and promptly terminated Mr. Friedman . "
Meanwhile , Friedman denies that he 's been fired , telling ABC News , " There was no action taken against me . "
And Fox News issued the following non-committal statement to ABC News : " This is an internal matter that we 're not prepared to discuss at this time . "
Well , when Fox News and Friedman are prepared to talk about what happened , we 'll be interested to hear what they have to say .
Photo from Flickr user Christopher Stumm
Max Mosley is the head of Formula One
The son of Formula One boss Max Mosley has been found dead at his home in west London .
Alexander Mosley , 39 , was discovered dead at a property in Notting Hill on Tuesday .
A Metropolitan Police ( Met ) spokesman said they are treating the death as " non-suspicious " and that officers were in the process of informing the family .
The FIA ( Federation Internationale de l'Automobile ) has issued a statement offering its condolences .
A Met spokesman said : " We were called at 16.20 yesterday to reports of a male found dead at a property in W11 .
He was pronounced dead at the scene .
Out - of - pocket
" The man is in his late 30s .
We believe we know the identity of the deceased but we are in the process of informing the family .
The coroner 's office has been informed . "
In a statement the FIA said : " The FIA extends sincere condolences to the Mosley family on the sad news of the death of Alexander Mosley .
Our thoughts are with Alexander 's family and friends . "
Max Mosley , the son of the 1930s Fascist leader Sir Oswald Mosley , was recently awarded a record £ 60,000 in damages after the News of the World published footage of him with prostitutes .
He said the ordeal had left him out of pocket and caused irreparable damage to his reputation .
Speaking in March , the head of the FIA told MPs on the Culture , Media and Sport Committee that the publicity around the prostitute scandal had been " appalling " for his family .
John
Thain figured seven months ago that he was just one rung down the corporate ladder from becoming chief executive of the largest consumer bank in the U.S.
Now , he is trying to climb back from the professional disaster that followed .
In an effort to restore his sullied reputation , the 53 - year - old Mr. Thain is striking back at Bank of America Corp .
He claims the bank lied about its role in the giant bonuses and losses at Merrill Lynch & Co. that cost Mr. Thain his job in January , after Bank of America bought the troubled ...
Counter Terror Expo
News of a possible viable business model for P2P VoIP network Skype emerged today , at the Counter Terror Expo in London .
An industry source disclosed that America 's supersecret National Security Agency ( NSA ) is offering " billions " to any firm which can offer reliable eavesdropping on Skype IM and voice traffic .
The spybiz exec , who preferred to remain anonymous , confirmed that Skype continues to be a major problem for government listening agencies , spooks and police .
This was already thought to be the case , following requests from German authorities for special intercept / bugging powers to help them deal with Skype - loving malefactors .
Britain 's GCHQ has also stated that it has severe problems intercepting VoIP and internet communication in general .
Skype in particular is a serious problem for spooks and cops .
Being P2P , the network can't be accessed by the company providing it and the authorities can't gain access by that route .
The company wo n't disclose details of its encryption , either , and is n't required to as it is Europe based .
This lack of openness prompts many security pros to rubbish Skype on " security through obscurity " grounds : but nonetheless it remains a popular choice with those who think they might find themselves under surveillance .
Rumour suggests that America 's NSA may be able to break Skype encryption - assuming they have access to a given call or message - but nobody else .
The NSA may be able to do that : but it seems that if so , this uses up too much of the agency 's resources at present .
" They are saying to the industry , you get us into Skype and we will make you a very rich company , " said the industry source , adding that the obscure encryption used by the P2 Pware is believed to change frequently as part of software updates .
The spyware kingpin suggested that Skype is deliberately seeking to frustrate national listening agencies , which seems an odd thing to do - Skype has difficulties enough getting revenues out of its vast user base at any time , and a paid secure - voice system for subversives does n't seem like a money - spinner .
But corporate parent eBay , having had to write down $ 1.4bn already following its $ 2.6 bn purchase of Skype back in the bubble - 2.0 days of 2005 , might see an opportunity here .
A billion or two from the NSA for a backdoor into Skype might make the acquisition seem like a sensible idea .
We asked the NSA for comment , particularly on the idea of simply buying a way into Skype , but had n't yet received a response as of publication . ®
How False Rumors Can Cost Lives
I have said that spreading false rumors in time of epidemic costs lives .
People have asked me how .
The Tuskegee Experiment
Let me first explain how the Tuskegee Experiment cost lives .
A group of US Public Health Service scientists at Tuskegee recruited a group of patients with syphilis .
Before penicillin was widespread , syphilis treatments tended to kill people and did n’t work well ; they conducted an experiment to see if people were better off without them .
So they began an experiment treating a group of 399 syphilitic men with placebo , that is , a fake treatment that had no real effect .
All of the subjects in the study were black men .
This , plus the institutionalized racism in the United States in that time period , is crucial to what follows .
15 years into the study , penicillin had been shown effective , and had become the standard treatment for syphilis .
The researchers should have halted the study by then and given their subjects the effective treatment ; instead , with the agreement of the AMA , the CDC , and Tuskegee University , they lied to them for 25 years , as the patients continued to infect their wives and children , died young , and went insane .
The study was halted immediately when the press found out in 1972 ; a Congressional investigation was called , and medical research changed a lot .
The Tuskegee Experiment cost about 140 lives directly .
Reporting on it probably saved some lives by ending the experiment early , and may have saved hundreds more by preventing other such depraved experiments .
You can read more in the Wikipedia Tuskegee Experiment article or the CDC ’s Tuskegee web page .
But those 140 - or - so murders are not what I ’m talking about ; there was another way in which it cost many more lives .
In 1991 , ten years into the AIDS pandemic , 97000 white people in the US had AIDS , while 51000 black people in the US did .
If African - Americans had gotten infected at the same rate as the whites , only 21000 of them would have had AIDS ; so there were about 30 000 cases more than we would expect with equal treatment .
There was an article published in the American Journal of Public Health about this in 1991 :
The Tuskegee Syphilis Study , 1932 to 1972 : Implications for HIV Education and AIDS Risk Education Programs in the Black Community , by Stephen B. Thomas and Sandra Crouse Quinn .
American Journal of Public Health , November 1991 , Vol. 81 , No. 11 , pp. 1498 –1504
It turns out that a lot of black people did n’t trust the US government public health programs that had been trying to encourage them to use condoms , not get pregnant when they were HIV - positive , and distribute clean needles for heroin addicts in their neighborhoods .
In fact , a lot of them thought that both HIV and these public - health measures were efforts to exterminate black people .
The Tuskegee Experiment was strong evidence that such a thing was possible — and it was by the very same agency , showing that its people lied and killed and could not be trusted .
Perhaps some of the higher AIDS prevalence in the black population was due to other reasons : worse health care , lower circumcision rates , poverty , whatever .
But some of it was a direct result of this distrust .
Let ’s say a third , conservatively .
Nearly everyone who had AIDS in 1991 died of it .
This distrust cost the lives of over ten thousand people from AIDS : perhaps a hundred times worse than the direct death toll from the Tuskegee Experiment itself .
There are similar distrust problems with recruiting African - Americans for clinical trials or organ or bone marrow donation .
A Thought Experiment
So let me suggest an alternate universe : one in which the Tuskegee Experiment never happened , due to researchers having a higher ethical standard than in our own universe , or perhaps due to an effective oversight system of IRBs like the one that was put in place in 1972 , after Tuskegee came to light .
Suppose , in this universe , someone imagined the story of the Tuskegee Experiment , and created a widely - believed hoax about it .
Suppose that this created the same distrust in the 1980s that the knowledge of the actual Tuskegee Experiment created in our universe .
And in that universe , at least ten thousand more African - Americans would have died of AIDS , just as in the real world .
In that universe , the creators and repeaters of this hoax would be responsible for the deaths of ten thousand innocent people .
The Flu
Map by Wikipedia editor Allstrak
and many others .
Now consider our own universe again .
We are facing a flu outbreak .
It seems most likely that it started at an overcrowded pig farm in Veracruz .
I estimate it has about a 40 % chance of going pandemic , a 59 % chance of fizzling like SARS , and a 1 % chance of something else entirely .
It ’s in a critical stage right now ; in the next month or so , it could go either way .
Maybe , like the 1976 Fort Dix flu virus , it ’s not as dangerous as the 1968 , 1957 , and 1918 viruses .
Maybe it has no chance of going pandemic , regardless of what we do .
Or maybe it ’s so contagious ( and we ’re so mobile ) that we ’re going to suffer a worldwide flu pandemic regardless of what we do ; we can only mitigate its severity , not spare any place .
Or maybe it does matter .
Maybe it ’s still contagious in few enough places that the right prevention measures can cause it to fizzle out before touching most of the population , where it might flourish in their absence .
If we can stop it , we can save not just the tens of thousands of lives that were senselessly wasted in the African - American AIDS epidemic , but millions or tens of millions of lives .
If the pandemic is possible but not inevitable , it wo n’t be stopped by individual action .
It can only be done by entire countries , united , acting rapidly to take preventive measures : wearing facemasks , washing hands , not shaking hands , using alcohol hand sanitizer gel , social distancing , soldiers going on leave instead of living in barracks , administration of antiviral drugs like Tamiflu to those in affected areas , quarantining travelers and the sick , and so on .
Maybe it will turn out that experimental use of OX40 - Ig or something stops the damn thing from drowning you in your own plasma .
In the US , there is a system in place for taking such decisive united action on issues of public health .
It depends on the government : the CDC , the PHS , FEMA , the TSA , and so on .
They have to decide what to do ; there ’s no system in place for democratic deliberation about these issues .
But once they make their choice , they ca n’t implement it without the trust of the population .
Of course , if it happens that the government agencies are corrupt and unconcerned with public welfare — especially if they were actually complicit in creating the problem , as they were in New Orleans after Katrina — there is no hope for such decisive action .
Suppose , though , that the agencies actually do try to take effective action against a flu pandemic .
Suppose that , unlike in 1976 , their action is necessary and sufficient to keep this damn thing from taking off .
But suppose there are a bunch of hoaxes floating around .
Hoaxes that claim , say , that the virus was created in government laboratories and then released — on no factual basis , with no plausible theory of motivation , and no plausible explanation of how such a thing was possible .
If people believe such hoaxes , the agencies will find themselves unable to act — paralyzed by the distrust of the public .
And the hoax will kill millions , or tens of millions , of people .
Everyone ’s Responsibility
So when you ’re sending around something you read about the flu , please , stop and think .
Do n’t forward wildly speculative ideas about government conspiracies to your friends or to the world .
When someone proposes an idea , think about whether it makes sense .
Here are some things to think about .
I ’ve provided examples mostly from an article by Paul Joseph Watson on InfoWars.com :
Did the person do a thorough investigation before making the material public ?
For example , if they ’re putting a surprising interpretation on something a public official said , have they contacted the official ’s office to ask for clarification ?
Did the person make basic errors of fact ?
For example , do they assert that “ mixing a live ... virus with vaccine material by accident is virtually impossible ” , or refer to Tamiflu as a “ vaccine ” ?
If you do n’t know anything about the science , ask someone who does , or check in Wikipedia .
( It ’s not infallible , but it ’s a lot better than the New York Times . )
Does it contradict other things you know ?
For example , if it asserts without comment that “ programs of mass vaccination are already being prepared ” , while the CDC ’s web site and the New York Times claim that the CDC has developed seed stock but has not yet decided whether to deliver it to vaccine manufacturers , it ’s probably nonsense .
Have you found the person ( either the forwarder or the original source ) to be unreliable in the past , writing or forwarding things that turn out to be false ?
Is the original source obscured — e.g. just a person ’s name , with no URL , email address , or other contact information , or explicitly anonymous ?
Does the person believe in other highly improbable theories , like the Time Cube , extraterrestrial lizards controlling the world , creationism , homeopathy , the idea that vaccines are ineffective and a conspiracy of silence among all doctors to poison our children , or that Barack Obama is secretly a Muslim ?
Maybe their judgment is n’t very good .
Does the person propose conspiracy theories without exploring the plausibility of the motivations ?
For example , proposing that a flu virus capable of a worldwide deadly pandemic was intended as a biological weapon — even though it would inevitably devastate the friends and family of its designers — is n’t a credible conspiracy theory , unless you also propose that the designers are collectively suicidal .
Does the person propose theories of conspiracies that would be implausibly difficult to keep secret ?
For example , a conspiracy involving dozens of public health officials from a variety of politically - unfriendly countries would inevitably get ratted out fairly soon .
Do they fail at basic assessments of human behavior probability ?
For example , given the choice between the explanation that some lab technicians cut corners on safety procedures when manufacturing a flu vaccine , and the explanation that evil upper management instructed the evil lab technicians to try to create a deadly flu virus mixture and sell it as vaccine , possibly killing millions of people ( including the families of the management and lab technicians ) in a global flu pandemic in order to sell more flu vaccine , do they think that the second one is plausible ?
Do they fail to link to their sources so you can’t find their errors , particularly when the sources are already public ?
Do they occasionally point to manifestly irrelevant information in support of their thesis ?
Maybe they ’re borderline psychotic and are struggling to maintain any semblance at all of coherent thought , or maybe they just think you ’re stupid and will be impressed by a lot of words .
Are you thinking of forwarding something that includes pleas that you should forward it , especially urgent ones ?
That probably means the material would n’t have been forwarded to you on its own merit .
The latest version of this is “ PLEASE RETWEET ” .
Is the material highly emotionally charged , for example , inspiring outrage ?
Then probably the person who wrote it knew that it would n’t get forwarded much if it had to stand on its logical merits , and the person who forwarded it to you would n’t have forwarded it to you just based on its logical merits .
( Some material is just inherently highly emotionally charged , but a responsible writer will do their best to treat it dispassionately so that you can use your own judgment about its merit . )
Does the person who wrote the information have a vested interest in getting it widely distributed — for example , do they run a site covered in banner ads , make a living as a writer , or sell self - published videos or books on their website ?
Do they spend a lot of effort on self - promotion ?
If it turns out that it ’s false , would it hurt someone to distribute it ?
It ’s not so bad to forward around a funny kitten photo that turns out to be fake , but in the particular case I ’ve been writing about , it will at least damage the reputations of some innocent people ( who ought to sue you for defamation , but probably wo n’t ) , and at worst kill hundreds of millions of people .
If a few of these red flags pop up , do n’t just forward the thing .
Investigate it first !
By Kragen Javier Sitaker , @kragen on Twitter .
Originally posted to kragen - tol in April 2009 .
Edited a bit after that for clarity and photos , and to complete an incomplete sentence .
I was surprised by how popular this article has turned out to be ; several thousand people have read it now .
I would be delighted to have translations of this article into other languages , but I do n't speak any other languages well enough to do a good job .
Please email me ( include my last name to distinguish your mail from spam ) if you prepare such a translation and you would like me to link it here .
Shortened URLs for this document currently seem to include http://twurl.nl/os8buk
http://bit.ly/mXb3o
http://bit.ly/16GGbj
http://bit.ly/d5uwX
http://is.gd/uHx5
http://xrl.in/23w2
http://ff.im/2o4lD
http://ff.im/2o4k8
http://tinyurl.com/c5aoae
It may be a cliche but the maxim “ Health is wealth ” is something that Americans as a nation should live by .
If you will see for yourself the figures involved in treating some of the nation ’s most expensive medical conditions , you will realize just how important it is to take care of your health .
This is especially true for medical conditions which are perfectly preventable .
Why would you spend thousands of dollars per year in treating a health condition that you could have prevented in the first place by paying a little more attention to your health ?
A Look Back at America ’s Most Expensive Medical Conditions for 1996
To give you an idea about the top medical conditions which cost both the government and its private citizens billions of dollars a year to treat , take a look at the following list :
Ischemic heart disease , 3.4 million conditions ( costs $ 21.5 billion to treat )
Motor vehicle accidents , 7.3 million conditions ( costs $ 21.2 billion to treat )
Acute respiratory infection , 44.5 million conditions ( costs $ 17.9 billion to treat )
Arthropaties , 16.8 million conditions ( costs $ 15.9 billion to treat ) Hypertension , 26 million conditions ( costs $ 14.8 billion to treat )
Back problems , 13.2 million conditions ( costs $ 12.2 billion to treat )
Mood disorders , 9 million conditions ( costs $ 10.2 billion to treat ) Diabetes , 9.2 million conditions ( costs $ 10.1 billion to treat ) Cerebrovascular disease , 2 million conditions ( costs $ 8.3 billion to treat ) Cardiac dysrhythmias [ Heart arrhythmias ] , 2.9 million conditions ( costs $ 7.2 billion to treat )
These are the 1996 figures according to HealthAffairs.org .
The list was ranked according to the national expenditure , the number of bed days , the number of working days lost and the activity impairment .
As you can see , even something which is as simple as a back problem can cost billions of dollars a year to treat .
In effect , this would have a negative consequence to the economy because the more work days are lost , the less productive an employee becomes .
Next , we will take a look at the most recent figures of which medical conditions are the most expensive ones to treat , what makes these illnesses costly to address and what can be done to avoid them .
The Top 10 Most Expensive Medical Conditions to Treat in the US
Based from the list above , it is quite easy to see just how impactful some medical conditions are in terms of their effects on the productivity of an employee .
From a practical perspective , let ’s say that you are a single parent who earns the income for your household and you have just one child to take care of .
If you have a chronic heart condition , you would need to slash off a significant amount of money from your household budget for visits to the doctor ’s office , prescription medicines and hospital stays if one is medically required .
For other medical conditions , the prescription medication which are needed to make sure that future ‘ attacks ’ do not occur will prove to be very costly in the end .
Visits to clinics and emergency departments , hospital stays , home health care and similar expenditures would all add up – making it clear to see just why some of these medical conditions are considered to be the most expensive .
Now , let us take a look at the top 10 most expensive medical conditions to treat in the US .
The data is based from the information provided by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality ( AHRQ ) .
All in all , these top 10 medical conditions cost the country about $ 500 billion to treat , and that is just for the year 2005 .
1. Heart Conditions , $ 76 billion
The reality is that heart disease is the number one killer in the United States , and the worst part of it is that the condition is something which is completely preventable .
There are more than 80 million individuals who are suffering from one or more types of heart conditions or cardiovascular disease .
If you do have a chronic heart condition , according to the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention , you would be required to spend a lot of time for visits to the doctor and even have a prolonged stay in the hospital .
2. Trauma Disorders , $ 72 billion
Yet another medical condition which is very costly to address are trauma disorders , which are a result of vehicular accidents and violent incidents .
When a patient suffers a trauma , a visit to the emergency room , a prolonged stay in the hospital and prescription medication need to be taken – and all these would add up to a significant amount of money .
3. Cancer , $ 70 billion
Yet another silent killer in the country is the ‘ big C’ or cancer .
It ’s the second leading cause of death in the US which kills more than 500,000 individuals per year .
As you can imagine , dealing with this disease is financially crippling because of the medical treatments and medications that a patient would be required to undergo [ Cancer prevention ] .
4. Mental Disorders , $ 56 billion
Based from the figures provided by the American Psychiatric Association , an estimated 50 million individuals are diagnosed with mental health problems , the most common of which is depression .
These mental disorders are severe enough to interfere with a person ’s normal life – and as you can see from the figures , they are very costly to treat .
5. Asthma & Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease , $ 54 billion
Although asthma and pulmonary problems are most common in children , it still costs more than $ 54 billion a year to treat this medical condition .
If you do have asthma , you would need to spend time away from work , spend money on doctor ’s visits and consultations and some even need to go through hospital admissions [ Controlling asthma ] .
6. Type 1 & 2 Diabetes , $ 34 billion
Patients who do have chronic diabetes would need to spend their hard - earned bucks on prescription medication , outpatient treatment and frequent visits to the doctor .
As of 2005 , more than 14 million Americans have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes .
7. High Blood Pressure , $ 42 billion
If heart disease is the number one killer , high blood pressure is the silent killer .
The reason why this medical condition is very costly to treat is because the early symptoms are difficult to diagnose .
So when you finally know that you do have hypertension , it could already be leading to a heart failure or stroke .
8. Osteoarthritis & Other Diseases of the Joints , $ 34 billion
Joint diseases are particularly prevalent in the elderly , there are about 27 million adults in the US now with osteoarthritis and similar chronic joint symptoms .
This can also hamper with your normal , day - to - day activities , which result to a number of days lost at work , thereby decreasing one ’s productivity .
9. Back Problems , $ 32 billion
As seemingly insignificant as back problems are , the medical condition is still included among the top 10 most expensive medical conditions to treat in the US .
Why is this so ?
It could be due to the fact that almost 70 % of the adult population has experienced back pains at one point in their lives – and some conditions are bad enough to require patients to stay in the hospital .
10 . Normal Childbirth , $ 32 billion
Finally , the tenth most expensive medical condition to treat is normal childbirth .
Although it is not a medical condition by itself , a mother who is about to give birth would require hospitalization , as well as medical care and attention – that is why normal childbirth without complications and any surgical procedures performed are included in the list .
All in all , these top 10 medical conditions are all expensive to treat when you look at it from an overall perspective .
If you do n’t want to spend a major part of your life making visits to the doctor ’s office , then it is high time that you take care of your health so that you can veer away from the perfectly preventable diseases which cost thousands of dollars to treat and address .
* Fourth year of Pentagon effort to kill program
* Congress keeps adding funding back in ( Adds details , byline )
WASHINGTON , May 7 ( Reuters ) - Defying Congress for a fourth straight year , the Pentagon on Thursday submitted a budget proposal for fiscal 2010 that once again zeroed out funding for an alternate engine for the F - 35 being developed by General Electric Co GE.N and Rolls - Royce Group Plc RR.L .
In each of the past three years , the Defense Department has pressed Congress to scrap the second engine for the F - 35 fighter to save funds , but lawmakers have repeatedly added in funding to keep the alternate engine program alive .
The F - 35 , or Joint Strike Fighter , is the newest family of advanced fighter planes being built by Lockheed Martin Corp LMT.N for U.S. forces and eight partner countries .
The market for the F - 35 engines is estimated to be worth $ 100 billion over the life of the program -- a huge boon for engine maker Pratt & Whitney , a unit of United Technologies Corp UTX.N , which developed the engine already in use in early production models of the aircraft .
Congress initiated the second engine program in 1996 , and has provided approximately $ 2.5 billion in funding for the program since 1997 , according to a February 2009 study by the Congressional Research Service .
The nonpartisan research arm of Congress said the alternate engine program was expected to need an additional $ 900 million through 2013 just to complete development of the F136 engine .
Including expected procurement , the program is valued at $ 7.2 billion , according to government watchdog groups .
Proponents of the second engine program argue that maintaining competition for the engines will drive costs lower in the longer run , and will give the Pentagon a viable alternative in the event of a failure of the Pratt engine .
Problems with the fan blades on the Pratt engine , which have delayed flight tests of the Short Takeoff Vertical Landing version of the F - 35 , are now resolved , according to program officials .
The first flight test in the vertical mode is now due in September , months later than expected even after the problem was first addressed .
A spokesman for the GE - Rolls - Royce team said that , in the longer - term , investment in the F136 engine would “ more than pay for itself -- as opposed to a monopoly and all of the cost consequences that come with it . ”
The nonpartisan government watchdog group Citizens Against Government Waste last month urged the Obama administration to cancel the alternate engine project , calling it “ an egregious waste of taxpayer dollars . ”
“ The funding of the alternate engine project is the poster child for what ’s wrong with the defense budget , ” the group said , urging the Obama Administration “ to stand up to the pork barrel spenders in Congress this year . ”
( Reporting by Andrea Shalal - Esa ; Editing by Tim Dobbyn )
The avian male reproductive tract is very unique and different from that of humans and mammals .
Male birds have two functional bean - shaped testes located within the body , just above the kidneys .
This is in contrast to many female birds in which the right ovary regresses , leaving just one functional left ovary .
The testes grow in size as the bird reaches sexual maturity .
In seasonal breeders , the testes enlarge during the breeding season and often change color – from yellow to white in most birds .
Immature or inactive testes are yellow in color due to the acumulation of lipids .
During the onset of breeding , the testes change to a white color due to the increase in the size of the siminiferus tubules .
The testes are covered by a very thin tunic .
The bulk of the testis is composed of numerous convoluted seminiferous tubules .
Sperm cells are formed in the tubules .
Sperm formation occurs more rapidly in birds as compared to mammals .
The testes also produce the male hormone testosterone .
This hormone is very important in stimulating growth of the male reproductive tract , the development of secondary sexual characteristics such as courtship behavior and aggression and , in chickens , the combs and wattles .
Once the sperm leave the testes , they travel through a small tube , known as the epididymis .
The avian epdidymis is very small in the bird and is not divided into three parts , the head , the body and the tail as in mammals .
Sperm then enter the ductus deferens a long narrow tube that travels next to the ureter and enters the cloaca .
The ductus is densely packed with sperm during the breeding season .
It takes from one to four days for the sperm to travel from the testes to the end of the ductus .
Sperm undergo maturation in the male reproductive tract .
In psittacines ( parrots ) , the main storage place for the sperm is the ductus deferens .
In passerines ( finches , canaries , etc. ) sperm is stored in the “ seminal glomus ” , a convoluted structure at the end of the ductus .
The right and left seminal glomis form a projection in the cloaca known as a cloaca promatory which can be used to sex passerines .
The spermatazoon is composed of an acrosome , a head and a tail .
The acrosome contains an enzyme which enables the sperm to penetrate the egg .
Psittacines do not have a phallus .
They mate by joining their cloacas , with the male ejaculating sperm into the female ’s cloaca .
Some species of birds – such as ostriches , ducks , geese , swans , chickens and turkeys do have a phallus – but it is different from the mammalian phallus .
Castration of male birds has been considered by some as a way of curbing aggressive behavior .
The surgery is more complex than in mammals , since the avian testes are located within the body – unlike mammalian testes which are located outside the body .
Two incisions are necessary to remove the avian testes – one on the right and one on the left .
This surgery is a difficult surgery and is not recommended as a means to treat aggressive behavior in birds .
We see fire in The Incident almost immediately , just a few seconds after the episode begins .
This is the fire in the open pit in the center of Jacob ’s room , and the camera lingers on it , then turns back to Jacob — and then fire is back in the shot , behind Jacob , and then the fire is again in the foreground , and then it fills the frame .
Cut to Jacob wading waist - deep into the ocean .
We ’ve gone abruptly from fire to water , which together make up two of the four classical elements — earth , air , fire , and water — of ancient philosophy .
Aristotle assumed all substances to be compounds of four elements : earth , water , air and fire , and each of these to be a combination of two of four opposites , hot and cold , and wet and dry .
Jacob walks back to land with his fish .
And there ’s a fire .
We did n’t even see him making it .
When the camera catches a glimpse of it , it was already there .
Almost at the very end of The Incident , we return to where we began — to Jacob ’s room , with its central fire , the fire this time augmented with torches ringing the walls .
At the end of this scene , after Ben stabs Jacob , NotLocke pushes Jacob ’s body into the fire , and then fire fills the frame .
What does the fire mean ?
If the four classical elements have anything to do with this story , could the Island be the earth element , and Flight 815 represent the air ?
Does the Smoke Monster tie into this in any way ?
Where there is smoke , there is fire …
In its lawsuit against Duke Nukem creator 3D Realms , Take 2 Interactive has demanded the source code for Duke Nukem Forever .
The confirmation came from various court documents , which have materialized online .
If you recall , 3D Realms allegedly closed down due to financial problems , and was slapped with a lawsuit by Take 2 just a few days after since the team had n’t completed the game as promised .
The documents are included below .
If we do see Take - 2 Interactive getting the source code from 3D Realms , and for Duke Nukem Forever , might we possibly see another developer working on the title ?
It only makes sense , considering the type of files that Take 2 is asking for .
Would you still like to see Duke Nukem Forever , even with a new developer at the helm ?
Or should they just give the series a rest ?
Let us know in the comment section below !
Update : 3D Realms has assured us that they have not closed down .
[ Source ]
A man looks at a 3D LCD TV at the Sony Playstation booth during the Taipei Game Show 2009 in Taipei February 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Pichi Chuang
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Sony Corp 's 6758 .T PlayStation 3 outsold Nintendo Co Ltd's 7974.OS
Wii in March for the first time in 16 months in Japan thanks to hot new PS3 titles from Sega Sammy 6460 .T and Capcom 9697.T , a game magazine publisher said .
Video game sales are closely watched for hints on how soon Sony can turn around its struggling game operations and how much growth momentum Nintendo has left .
Domestic sales of the PS3 came to 146,948 units in the five weeks through March 29 , compared with 99,335 units of the Wii and 43,172 units of Microsoft Corp 's MSFT .O Xbox 360 , Enterbrain said on Monday .
The latest versions of popular action adventure series from Sega Sammy Holdings Inc and Capcom Co Ltd -- “ Ryu Ga Gotoku 3 ” and “ Resident Evil 5 , ” respectively -- came in first and second in game software sales in the period , helping drive PS3 demand .
Mizuho Investors Securities analyst Etsuko Tamura said that despite its strong showing in March , the PS3 is unlikely to threaten the Wii ’s global dominance as more software makers are focusing development resources on the Wii , a console with the largest user base among the current generation of hardware .
I was a huge G.I. Joe fan .
In fact , I ’m pretty sure I had well over a hundred figures and maybe half that many vehicles and I would play the HELL out of those things .
The original 3.5 inch figures were released n 1982 , so that would have made me 8 and just the right age for wanting every single one of them .
No , I do n’t remember all of the figures I had , but what I do recall is that for every Storm Shadow , Snake Eyes , Flint , and Scarlett , there were an equal number of completely bizarre and “ What - the - Hell - were - they - thinking ” figures just like the ones below .
Enjoy the reminiscing .
Dee Jay
According to his File Card : “ Dee -Jay was the baddest , hottest disc jockey in Boston before he signed up for the Battle Force 2000 Team ”
I ’m not sure where to begin on how much sense that sentence does n’t make .
Muskrat
According to his File Card : “ Muskrat … was able to hold his own against poachers , ‘ gator skinners , moonshiners , escapees from the chain gangs , and smugglers . ”
Where the hell was this guy hanging out ?
Also , I ca n’t help but think of the Captain and Tennille song whenever I hear this guy ’s name .
Footloose
According to his File Card : “ Footloose … was standing on a boardwalk in Venice ( FL ) pondering something cosmic when the utter pointlessness of his existence hit him between the eyes like a runaway freight train . ”
No .
No I am not making that up .
I had no idea Kafka was on their payroll .
Here ’s the original Footloose ad for ya featuring a kid with quite possibly the shrillest vice on Earth .
Cobra Snow Patrol ( Snow Serpent )
According to his File Card : “ Other aspects of their training include airborne operations under arctic conditions … and the use of snowshoes , skis , and kayaks . ”
Really ?
Kayaks ?
Also I was under the impression that G.I. Joe / Cobra troops were immune to cold weather since these guys and maybe Snow Job are about the only soldiers to actually dress for adverse climate conditions .
Not very bright , those guys .
This is the commercial for the Snow Cat , but you get the idea about only a few characters in coats .
Wild Bill
According to his File Card : “ Amiable and slow - talkin ’ , he fancies himself a Country Western singer . ”
Slow - talkin’ .
Yeah , I guess he could fit the Country Western mold .
Here ’s an ad featuring the Dragonfly , Wild Bill ’s copter .
Ya know , despite Wild Bill ’s epic failure as a character , those vehicles look like fun eve now .
Monkeywrench
According to his File Card : “ … having made himself a pariah in his hometown by the age of sixteen … ”
Sweet Lord , now that ’s how you screw up like a champ !
And , just in case you are n’t looking closely , Monkeywrench is Snake Plisskin .
Not a Monkeywrench ad , but it is for his organization , the Drednoks .
And they were pretty lame , too .
Spirit Iron-Knife
According to his File Card : “ Spirit comes from a family so far below the poverty line that they never realized they were poor . ”
Then they bought a casino .
Could this guy be any more stereotypical ?
No .
No he could n’t .
Please , pay attention to this PSA .
Your life depends on it !
Gnawgahyde
According to his File Card : “ Ganwgahyde wo n’t bathe for a month before he goes out into the bush … ”
What ?
Another in the Dreadnok ads .
No one specific , but still pretty silly .
Budo
According to his File Card : “ He could have even higher rankings if he did n’t spend so much time working on his chopped pan-head Harley and listening to Heavy Metal . ”
Do n’t you just love how they make an otherwise throw - away character seem human and cool ?
Raptor
According to his File Card : “ Raptor was a Yuppie tax consultant who took up falconry as a past time ... ”
I can’t even count how frequently this happens .
Here ’s the Falconer from SNL because it ’s almost as funny as the Cobra guy there .
Croc Master
According to his File Card : “ Croc Master , a former alligator wrestler and burglar alarm salesman . ”
Perhaps the most random collection of words ever assembled .
Though this guy reviews toys about as excitedly as a blind monk , it is about Croc Master .
Major Bludd
According to his File Card : “ Major Bludd writes poetry … ” Oh , and his name is Sebastian .
Ooooh , scary !
Hey , at least his name is a descriptive adjective and a noun .
That ’s cool .
WTF ?
Crystal Ball
According to his File Card : “ Cobra does n’t use torture to interrogate their prisoners , when Crystal Ball is having one of his good days , they simply do n’t need to . ”
According to rumor , those words along with the rest of the card and the actual character were inspired by an idea from the King family … as in Stephen King .
That explains it .
William ‘ The Refrigerator ’ Perry
According to his File Card : “ The G.I .
Joe obstacle course consists of only one obstacle : The Fridge . ”
See cause he ’s the size of a fridge , and all .
Football on a chain ?
Oh you know it !
Dr. Mindbender
According to his File Card : “ Dr. Mindbender was at one time an excellent orthodontist and a very kind and honest man . ”
And then he became the champion of the Gay Pride Parade .
I guess this is pretty clever .
Sgt. Slaughter
According to his File Card : “ His favorite past time is marching over the boys backs while they do finger push - ups . ”
Look at him .
I ’d just bet it is .
And after this he became an exceptionally shitty wrestler .
Or maybe that was first .
Who cares .
As Bernard Madoff ’s “ Ponzi scheme ” unravels , the victim list grows .
In the criminal information , prosecutors said his firm issued account statements on December 1 , less than two weeks before his arrest , showing a total balance of about $ 64.8 bn , for about 4,800 client accounts .
This interactive graphic shows how much of the alleged $ 50bn loss has so far been accounted for and which investors have been struck with the biggest losses .
Hover over the buttons to learn more .
[ digg- reddit- me ]
The bankers – whose enormous salaries were earned based on their skills at judging risk and making money – caused a financial cataclysm because they disastrously misjudged the riskiness of the complex financial instruments they created and sold .
This was the lesson I learned in the immediate days after the financial crisis – and it still explains a great deal of what happened .
( Of course , there was also a good deal of outright fraud and the perversity of short - term incentives in which bankers could profit exorbitantly if they made profits regardless of how their investments turned out over the long - term . )
Cognitive errors may have contributed to the misjudging of risk .
Megan McCardle for example gave a compelling description of different cognitive errors which contributed to the financial crisis – including the recency effect which she describes :
People tend to overweight recent events in considering the probability of future events .
In 2001 , I would have rated the risk of another big terrorist attack on the US in the next two years as pretty high .
Now I rate it as much lower .
Yet the probability of a major terrorist attack is not really very dependent on whether there has been a recent successful one ; it ’s much more dependent on things like the availability of suicidal terrorists , and their ability to formulate a clever plan .
My current assessment is not necessarily any more accurate than my 2001 assessment , but I nonetheless worry much less about terrorism than I did then .
These cognitive errors were so damaging because they were programmed into the models for minimizing risk that the “ quants ” created to divvy up mortgages and just about everything else that could be bought and sold .
Michael Osininski tried to claim some share of the blame in a recent New York magazine article – as one of the top “ quants . ”
Osininski described how he had an inkling of the disaster ahead :
[ T ]he world I had helped create started falling apart .
I had n’t anticipated it , but at the same time , nothing about it surprised me .
Last month , my neighbor , a retired schoolteacher , offered to deliver my oysters into the city .
He had lost half his savings , and his pension had been cut by 30 percent .
The chain of events from my computer to this guy ’s pension is lengthy and intricate .
But it ’s there , somewhere .
Buried like a keel in the sand .
If you dive deep enough , you ’ll see it .
To know that a dozen years of diligent work somehow soured , and instead of benefiting society unhinged it , is humbling .
I was never a player , a big swinger .
I was behind the scenes , inside the boxes .
My hard work , in its time and place , merited a reward , but it also contributed to what has become a massive , ever - expanding failure .
Jordan Ellenberg described how these models that purported to minimize risk actually just compressed the risk into “ one improbable but hideous situation ” in a manner similar to that of the 400 year old sucker bet , the Martingale .
For example , Wall Street bankers combined hundreds of mortgages into securities in the belief that while some of the mortgages might default – most would not .
The more mortgages you combined , the safer the investment was – as only a small percentage of mortgages typically defaulted .
Unless something went very wrong .
Comparing Wall Street bets to the Martingale , Ellenberg described the bet Wall Street was making :
( 0.99 ) x ( $ 100 ) + ( 0.01 ) x ( catastrophic outcome ) = 0
Wall Street bankers thought that the collective assets they were trading were worth $ 99 each in this estimate – rather than $ 50 as they would be if each asset were judged individually .
One of the few people who saw this misjudging of risk as the inevitable cause of a financial crisis was Nassim Nicholas Taleb who wrote that Wall Street had consistently ignored the possibility of what he called “ Black Swans ” and what Ellenberg described as an “ improbable but hideous situation . ”
Taleb has placed a great deal of blame on the mathematical models used by the quants and on the hubris of the bankers and traders who believed that they were created wealth when they were instead building an elaborate house of cards .
While he was running his own hedge fund in the 1990s , he turned his own knowledge of his lack of knowledge – and others ’ lack of knowledge – into enormous profits .
It came at the expense of losing a little money 364 days of the year – but making enormous profits in that one remaining day .
He would bet on market volatility – which he understood financial firms repeatedly underestimated .
Taleb was castigating Wall Street barons for years as they hubristically bet greater and greater sums of money – making leveraged bets that the market would continue to rise .
Taleb ’s key insight is that we know very little of the world itself – and will be more often fundamentally wrong than right .
The example he uses is the Black Swan as described by David Hume :
No amount of observations of white swans can allow the inference that all swans are white , but the observation of a single black swan is sufficient to refute that conclusion .
This fundamental unknowability of the world must inform our actions , and perhaps points to some solutions .
Taleb himself recently wrote a list of steps we should take to create a world more resistant to Black Swans .
But his overall philosophy insists that we must attempt to resolve this crisis by tinkering with different solutions , and seeing what works , while being mindful that our actions will inevitably have consequences we do not imagine .
And remember – at any point – a black swan could come around and reshape our world suddenly – as 9/11 did , as the assassination of the Archduke Ferdinand to start World War I , as did the invention of the personal computer , as has this financial crisis .
The solution will not come from our determined application of fixed ideas , but by our openness to the possibility that we may be wrong , even as we are determined to act .
We must see the shades of gray and acknowledge that we do not fully understand the world , yet still act – tinker , if you will .
In this , Taleb seems to have reached a philosophical end point similar to the famous libertarian economist Friedrich Hayek who in his Nobel Prize speech explained that “ we needed to think of the world more as gardeners tending a garden and less as architects trying to build some system . ”
To tinker , to garden , to nudge – all of this points to a more modest liberalism , a market - state liberalism .
[ Image courtesy of robokow licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Like Loading ...
Barack Obama walks across the South Lawn to board Marine One at the White House Thursday .
| REUTERS Obama : Memo release weighty decision
White House senior adviser David Axelrod says President Barack Obama spent about a month pondering whether to release Bush - era memos about CIA interrogation techniques Thursday and considered it " a weighty decision . "
" He thought very long and hard about it , consulted widely , because there were two principles at stake , " Axelrod said .
" One is the sanctity of covert operations and keeping faith with the people who do them , and the impact on national security , on the one hand .
And the other was the law and his belief in transparency . "
Advertisement
The president consulted officials from the Justice Department , the CIA , the director of National Intelligence and the Homeland Security Department , according to his adviser .
" It was a weighty decision , " Axelrod said .
" As with so many issues , there are competing points of view that flow from very genuine interests and concerns that are to be respected .
And then the president has to synthesize all of it and make a decision that 's in the broad national interest .
He 's been thinking about this for four weeks , really . "
In releasing the documents , Obama also pledged not to prosecute CIA employees who carried out the aggressive interrogation practices critics decried as torture - but which were approved by top legal officials in the Bush administration .
Obama said that a full public accounting of U.S. actions in the post - Sept. 11 era should take priority over prosecuting or punishing individuals who acted in the name of the government .
However , even as he did so , he indicated he shared grave concerns about some of the interrogation methods - some of which , like the use of a " confinement box , " were described in detail for the first time .
" This is a time for reflection not retribution , " Obama said .
" We have been through a dark and painful chapter in our history .
But at a time of great challenges and disturbing disunity , nothing will be gained by spending our time and energy laying blame for the past . "
While Obama all but condemned the use of the interrogation techniques , a statement from Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair struck a starkly different tone .
" It is important to remember the context of these past events .
All of us remember the horror of 9/11 , " Blair wrote , adding that the CIA feared further attacks and sought permission for the aggressive techniques after struggling to get information from terror suspects .
" Those methods , read on a bright , sunny , safe day in April 2009 , appear graphic and disturbing , " Blair wrote .
" We will not use those techniques in the future .
But we will absolutely defend those relied on these memos . "
A former intelligence official said top CIA personnel opposed the disclosure because of concerns it would feed calls for investigation and prosecution .
" It 's ... do we rake the leaves of the past and where will that lead ? " the ex-official said .
" Should you do something that will arrive at demonizing a whole generation of case officers ?.... They were n't running as some wild bulls out there . "
A former top official in the administration of President George W. Bush called the publication of the memos " unbelievable . "
" It 's damaging because these are techniques that work , and by Obama 's action today , we are telling the terrorists what they are , " the official said .
" We have laid it all out for our enemies .
This is totally unnecessary . .
Publicizing the techniques does grave damage to our national security by ensuring they can never be used again - even in a ticking - time - bomb scenario where thousands or even millions of American lives are at stake . "
" I do n't believe Obama would intentionally endanger the nation , so it must be that he thinks either one , the previous administration , including the CIA professionals who have defended this program , is lying about its importance and effectiveness , or 2 .
he believes we are no longer really at war and no longer face the kind of grave threat to our national security this program has protected against . "
And in fact , the memos also contain a lengthy defense of the techniques , with one 2005 memo noting they are similar to techniques used to train U.S. troops to withstand interrogation and therefore " are not categorically beyond the pale . "
Obama also drew fire from liberal critics of Bush .
" President Obama 's assertion that there should not be prosecutions of government officials who may have committed crimes before a thorough investigation has been carried out is simply untenable , " said Anthony Romero , the president of the American Civil Liberties Union , which filed the suit that led to the memos release .
Sen . Pat Leahy ( D - Vt. ) said the release of the documents would lend momentum to his proposal for a blue - ribbon commission to examine war - on - terror excesses - an idea Obama has n't embraced .
" We need to understand how these policies were formed if we are to ensure that this can never happen again , " Leahy said .
The memos ' sterile but unusually graphic descriptions of specific interrogation techniques approved for use against top al - Qaida detainees seem certain to trigger another wave of global condemnation of the United States .
" The CIA used the waterboard extensively in the interrogations " of two al - Qaida principals , Abu Zubaydah and Khaled Sheikh Mohammed , said one 2005 memo , referring to a technique that simulates drowning .
An August 2002 memo gave legal blessing not only to waterboarding Zubaydah , but to nine other techniques , some of which have not been widely discussed in the long - running debate over alleged torture .
The practices included confining him in small spaces , including one where he could not stand up ; placing him in a " cramped confinement box " with an insect he might consider dangerous ; and dramatically throwing him against a " flexible false wall . "
A Justice Department statement said Attorney General Eric Holder had concluded that " intelligence community officials who acted reasonably and relied in good faith on authoritative legal advice from the Justice Department that their conduct was lawful , and conformed their conduct to that advice , would not face federal prosecutions for that conduct . "
The new pledges do not foreclose entirely the possibility of prosecutions of CIA or military intelligence officials for aggressive interrogations .
If interrogators went further than authorized by the Justice Department , their actions could still lead to prosecution .
In addition , the pledges from Holder and Obama did not cover Justice Department officials who issued the legal memoranda .
Furthermore , the promises did not go far beyond observations many legal experts have offered about the difficulties in prosecuting interrogators who had unequivocal advice that their actions were legal .
In discussions with lawmakers during his confirmation process earlier this year , Holder said he shared that view ; Thursday 's pledge was clearly intended to assuage the concerns of CIA officials who had opposed released of the memos in part out of fears it would trigger calls for prosecution .
" The men and women of our intelligence community serve courageously on the front lines of a dangerous world , " Obama said .
" We must protect their identities as vigilantly as they protect our security , and we must provide them with the confidence that they can do their jobs . "
The Justice Department also made a series of other promises intended to calm the waters at CIA .
Employees there were explicitly assured they would be represented by government lawyers at no charge in any cases brought over war - on - terror conduct approved of by official legal opinions .
In addition , Holder appeared to rule out cooperation and to prescribe a policy of confrontation in dealing with foreign legal proceedings against American officials , such as the continuing effort in Spain to prosecute alleged war crimes at Guantanamo Bay .
Justice also said the government would pay any damage award that might be rendered in a lawsuit over authorized interrogations .
While Obama said three times in his statement that the law left him no choice but to release the memos , the administration likely could have fought disclosure of the records for years , if not indefinitely .
Most courts are extremely deferential to executive branch claims of national security and almost never overturn intelligence officials ' claims that documents need to remain classified .
Even as he asserted that his hands were effectively tied , Obama also bent over backwards to indicate that disclosure of this kind of intelligence - related material was a rare , and perhaps unique , exception .
" It is my strong belief that the United States has a solemn duty to vigorously maintain the classified nature of certain activities and information related to national security , " he said .
" The exceptional circumstances surrounding these memos should not be viewed as an erosion of the strong legal basis for maintaining the classified nature of secret activities . "
Some sections of the memos offer fodder for those , like former vice president Dick Cheney , who have defended use of the aggressive questioning techniques .
A 2005 memo says the CIA claimed that use of waterboarding and other " enhanced " practices on KSM exposed a plot " ' to use East Asian operatives to crash a hijacked airliner into ' a building in Los Angeles . "
Information from KSM also led to the arrest of al - Qaeda 's top operative in southeast Asia , Hambali .
The same memo says that after Zubaydah was exposed to the aggressive techniques he " provided significant information on two operatives , " including Jose Padilla , who was publicly accused of , but never legally charged with plotting to set off a radiation - laced bomb in the U.S.
Almost a full page of information about other intelligence gleaned from such interrogations was blacked out .
Some intelligence officials have disputed the value of the information from the interrogations , and critics have noted that there is no way to be sure whether the same information could have been obtained through the use of less physical or confrontational techniques .
The statements from Obama and Holder also were worded with extraordinary care .
For instance , Holder said , " The President has halted the use of the interrogation techniques described in these opinions , and this administration has made clear from day one that it will not condone torture . "
At first glance , Holder seemed to be conceding that the techniques were torture ; and in fact , he has said that waterboarding is torture .
However , his statement Thursday never conceded that any past interrogation practice amounted to torture , which violates federal criminal law and international treaties .
The memos were sought by the American Civil Liberties Union as part of a Freedom of Information
Act lawsuit it filed for documents pertaining to abuse of war - on - terror prisoners held in U.S. custody .
The Justice Department faced a legal deadline Thursday to turn over the documents or justify withholding them .
Apple chief executive Steve Jobs stayed home last night to catch up on some much needed rest while his attorney made another go at convincing a local review board that he should be free to demolish a historic but abandoned mansion — seen in these rare photos — that has fallen into a state of disrepair .
Jobs has been petitioning for the right to raze the 14 - room , 17,250 - square - foot structure in California 's Woodside woods for eight years so that he can erect a smaller , contemporary style home for his family .
The Jackling House , so it 's called , was built back in 1925 for copper mining mogul Daniel Jackling .
Preservationists have opposed Jobs ' efforts , arguing that it represents one of the few remaining examples of a Spanish Colonial Revival style home and is therefore too historic to destroy .
They also allege that Jobs , who reportedly lived in the house sometime between the 80's and 90's , intentionally let the house fall apart so that it would be easier to justify a case for tearing it down .
" I do n't think he would be strong enough if we were here until 1 a.m. , and I think there 's a strong possibility of that , " Jobs ' attorney Howard Ellman told the Woodside Town Council on Tuesday , referring to the health issues that have forced the Apple co-founder into a temporary leave from his leadership role at the company through June .
Indeed , reports the Palo Alto Daily News , the review board was still hearing arguments at 10:30 in the evening from both preservationists like the Uphold Our Heritage organization , that has once overturned Jobs ' permit to demolish the structure , as well as locals who side with his property rights .
As part of his latest effort to persuade the council on Jobs ' behalf , Ellman presented a detailed cost analysis showing that it would take $ 13.3 million to restore the mansion , or more than $ 5 million more than it would cost Jobs to simply get rid of it and build a new one .
An appeals board had previously suggested such a sum would be sufficient grounds for Jobs to move forward .
Still , preservationists and former residents maintained Tuesday that all resources to preserve the house have n't been exhausted .
They 're now proposing that Woodside commission an independent firm to draw up the costs of carefully dismantling the dilapidated structure so it can be relocated and then resurrected .
A decision on the matter is expected at a later meeting .
Mike Huckabee comes out hard against the Sonia Sotomayor appointment , with a bit of a misfire as concerns her name :
The appointment of Maria Sotomayor for the Supreme Court is the clearest indication yet that President Obama 's campaign promises to be a centrist and think in a bipartisan way were mere rhetoric .
Sotomayor comes from the far left and will likely leave us with something akin to the " Extreme Court " that could mark a major shift .
The notion that appellate court decisions are to be interpreted by the " feelings " of the judge is a direct affront of the basic premise of our judicial system that is supposed to apply the law without personal emotion .
If she is confirmed , then we need to take the blindfold off Lady Justice . —
Bethesda , Md .
TODAY is an important date in the history of the Internet : the 40th anniversary of what is known as the Request for Comments .
Outside the technical community , not many people know about the R.F.C. ’s , but these humble documents shape the Internet ’s inner workings and have played a significant role in its success .
When the R.F.C. ’s were born , there was n’t a World Wide Web .
Even by the end of 1969 , there was just a rudimentary network linking four computers at four research centers : the University of California , Los Angeles ; the Stanford Research Institute ; the University of California , Santa Barbara ; and the University of Utah in Salt Lake City .
The government financed the network and the hundred or fewer computer scientists who used it .
It was such a small community that we all got to know one another .
A great deal of deliberation and planning had gone into the network ’s underlying technology , but no one had given a lot of thought to what we would actually do with it .
So , in August 1968 , a handful of graduate students and staff members from the four sites began meeting intermittently , in person , to try to figure it out .
( I was lucky enough to be one of the U.C.L.A. students included in these wide - ranging discussions . )
It was n’t until the next spring that we realized we should start writing down our thoughts .
We thought maybe we ’d put together a few temporary , informal memos on network protocols , the rules by which computers exchange information .
I offered to organize our early notes .
What was supposed to be a simple chore turned out to be a nerve - racking project .
Our intent was only to encourage others to chime in , but I worried we might sound as though we were making official decisions or asserting authority .
In my mind , I was inciting the wrath of some prestigious professor at some phantom East Coast establishment .
I was actually losing sleep over the whole thing , and when I finally tackled my first memo , which dealt with basic communication between two computers , it was in the wee hours of the morning .
I had to work in a bathroom so as not to disturb the friends I was staying with , who were all asleep .
The Western Australian wheatbelt town of Beacon has been hit by about 100 earthquakes over the past month .
Geoscience Australia says the biggest measured almost five on the Richter scale , while others were too small to record .
The small town of Beacon is about 300 kilometres north - east of Perth .
Seismologists say the phenomenon , known as an earthquake swarm , is highly unusual , but has been moving through the wheatbelt for the past decade .
Phil Cummins from Geoscience Australia says he's not aware of it happening like that anywhere else in the world .
" We do n't know why they started up a month ago and we expect that you know sooner or later they will die out and that whole process is n't that well understood , " he said .
Mr Cummins says he and other seismologists do not know if the earthquake swarm is likely to lead to a more disastrous event .
Governments should create a list of all organisations that track internet use and produce an annual report on internet surveillance , the European Parliament has said .
The Parliament also said that users ' online activity should not be monitored in the fight against piracy .
Members of the European Parliament ( MEPs ) voted by a huge majority to adopt a policy statement on the freedoms citizens do and should have online .
The statement calls on the European Commission and national governments to take action to protect free speech and halt the intrusion of criminals and industry into private communications .
" [ We ] urge the Member States to identify all entities which use Net Surveillance and to draw up publicly accessible annual reports on Net Surveillance ensuring legality , proportionality and transparency , " said the statement .
MEPs said that governments should be aware of the problems that might arise as people 's internet traffic is increasingly monitored for commercial purposes .
" [ Governments should ] recognise the danger of certain forms of Internet surveillance and control aimed also at tracking every ' digital ' step of an individual , with the aim of providing a profile of the user and of assigning ' scores ' ; " it said .
They should " make clear the fact that such techniques should always be assessed in terms of their necessity and their proportionality in the light of the objectives they aim to achieve ; [ and ] emphasise also the need for an enhanced awareness and informed consent of users with respect to their e-activities involving the sharing of personal data . "
The Parliament said that when it comes to ensuring that intellectual property rights are respected , Governments should make sure that the interests of business do not trump the rights of individuals .
In relation to IP rights they should be prohibiting " the systematic monitoring and surveillance of all users ' activities on the Internet , and ensuring that the penalties are proportionate to the infringements committed , " the resolution said .
" Within this context , [ they should ] also respect the freedom of expression and association of individual users and combat the incentives for cyber-violations of intellectual property rights , including certain excessive access restrictions placed by intellectual property holders themselves , " it said .
The Parliament was concerned about the rights that internet users might be expected to give up in return for using online services .
It said that governments should set limits on how much their privacy can be invaded in return for internet services .
" [ Governments should ] examine and prescribe limits to the ' consent ' that can be requested of and extracted from users , whether by governments or by private companies , to relinquish part of their privacy , as there is a clear imbalance of negotiating power and of knowledge between individual users and such institutions , " it said .
The resolution also called on governments to step up the protection of children from sexual predators and called on the European Commission to produce a policy to prevent cybercrime and identity theft .
See :
The resolution
Copyright © 2009 , OUT - LAW.com
OUT -LAW.COM is part of international law firm Pinsent Masons .
What shall we call these , construction mistakes or errors or goof ups ?
What ever we call it , it wo n't change a thing and still these look hilarious .
Its quite surprising to see these and we really wonder how the engineers and architects who were part of these constructions must have reacted seeing them .
When we first saw this bridge , we thought it to be shopped .
But later we knew how wrong we were : ' Survey - scale inaccuracy or positioning errors can lead to costly construction mistakes such as bridge misalignment .
Image courtesy of Zurich U.S. '
Fixing poles is n't as easy as it looks .
How would one use this bridge to get across the tracks ?
We really wonder what was in the mind of the engineers when they went ahead with these stairs and where they wanted it to connect .
For using these stairs , one needs to use the windows .
The entrance seems to be missing .
If one needs to use this ATM , there seems to be no other option than being on one 's toes .
One need to resize their cars , to park in these garages .
You have a balcony but no access to it unless you climb down from the neighbors .
Like WMDKitty said ...
Funny how when I hear a loud , sudden , unexpected noise , I jump up and try to figure out where the noise is coming from and determine if it's an immediate threat .
If it 's not a threat , I just try to ignore it .
As for this Raptard wasting a seat in a college course that he obviously does n't want to be in - Fukc you !
There could have been someone else in who could have made better use of that seat , you know , someone who could have actually * wanted * to be there and learn , but was edged out because you applied just before he or she did .
Also , I 'm a person who would love to go back to school to further my education so I can actually get a job I can stand to be at , but I can't do that because of the lack of funds .
I have been to college before , got some certifications , but nowadays it seems like anything less than a bachelor 's degree renders you virtually unemployable in today 's market .
Yet here 's this jackass wasting an opportunity that somebody else could have had .
Sorry for rambling on like this .
DETROIT — General Motors Corp. is recalling 1.5 million vehicles because of potential cranial impalings .
Although no one has yet died from the impalings , sudden stops at high speeds can send a heavy metal rod piercing through a driver ’s skull , according to a GM press release .
“ We ’re not sure where this piece of metal comes from , ” said a spokesperson for the struggling automotive giant , “ but we ’re doing everything we can to identify the part and lock it down . ”
That “ piece of metal , ” measuring about 15 inches in length , 1/2 ″ in diameter and made from high - grade , low alloy steel with ends sharpened to a fine point , has GM executives puzzled , including Chief Engineer , Gregory T. McNelafar .
“ There are lots of parts in these cars , ” said McNelafar .
“ It ’s not humanly possible to know exactly what all of them do . ”
Fritz Henderson , General Motors ’ new acting CEO , said his company is dedicated to making vehicles that do n’t “ bludgeon , slash , squash , or impale ” their drivers .
To support his claim , he said that incidences of GM owners ending up in emergency rooms with auto parts embedded in their heads have decreased by 5 % over the last decade .
“ Although this current glitch has our engineers working overtime , ” he said , “ the American consumer should have confidence that we ’ll figure it out sooner or later . ”
The recall comes on the tails of a previous recall due to the random bursting of hot engine oil into the cabins of their Yukon line of SUVs .
GM claimed the defect was equivalent to “ no more than a small pot of hot coffee being poured onto your genitalia . ”
“ That was blown way out of proportion in the media , ” said Henderson .
“ No driver received more than a third degree burn . ”
Access Denied Access to this page is denied .
Either the page has been moved / removed or you do not have sufficient permissions .
PORT OF SPAIN , Trinidad ( CNN ) --
The big winner out of this week 's Summit of the Americas in Trinidad may be a decades - old book about the exploitation of Latin American people throughout history .
Eduardo Galeano's history book enjoyed a 466,378 - percent increase in popularity on Amazon.com .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , whose anti-U.S. rhetoric has included calling former President George W. Bush the devil , approached Obama Friday and handed him a copy of " Open Veins of Latin America : Five Centuries of the Pillage of a Continent . "
In just hours , the book , by Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano , rocketed to bestseller status on online book store Amazon.com .
The English version was at No. 11 on the site 's list of top sellers Saturday night .
On Friday , it had been No. 60,280 .
The book topped Amazon 's " Movers and Shakers " list on Saturday -- with a reported 466,378 - percent increase in popularity on the site .
It was at least the second time Obama and Chavez spoke at a summit during which Obama made overtures to improve U.S. relations with many of its Latin American neighbors .
After receiving the gift , Obama jokingly said he thought it was a book Chavez had written .
" I was going to give him one of mine , " he quipped .
Asked if the encounters with Chavez were paving the way for a meeting , Obama simply responded , " I think we 're making progress at the summit . "
Watch Chavez present Obama with the book »
However , former U.S. ambassador Jeffrey Davidow , an advisor to the president , noted that " a shake and a smile does not constitute a new relationship . "
" The president was in a meeting with 33 other heads of state , " he said .
" He shook hands and smiled , I think , with all of them . "
Watch Suzanne Malveaux 's report on reaction to Chavez 's gesture »
Written in the early ' 70s and reissued in several new editions since then , the book is an " analysis of the effects and causes of capitalist underdevelopment in Latin America , " according to one reviewer , who called it a " passionate account of 500 years of Latin American history , written with drama , humor , and compassion . "
CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Hugo Chavez • Amazon.com Inc .
Taken by themselves , Mr. Lieberman ’s comments are not that significant , many foreign policy experts said , because most Israeli foreign ministers are not that relevant to the peace process ; that portfolio is usually held by the prime minister .
Tzipi Livni , the former foreign minister , broke that mold somewhat , when she demanded the portfolio and got it , but even she was eventually usurped there by Ehud Olmert , a former prime minister .
The bigger issue for the Obama administration is whether Mr. Lieberman is channeling Mr. Netanyahu , the man who is likely to control the peace process file .
Mr. Netanyahu is viewed as a hawk , but one who is capable of being dragged to the peace table , as President Clinton did when he pushed and prodded him to continue peace negotiations at the Wye River Plantations after former Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated .
By forcefully rebutting Mr. Lieberman ’s repudiation of Annapolis , and in such a public fashion , Mr. Obama is issuing a warning to Mr. Netanyahu that the United States will push for a two - state solution , and will expect him to publicly articulate his own support for such an initiative , many experts said .
“ At a minimum , Bibi will need to disown these statements and come out explicitly in support of the two - state solution before his meeting with President Obama , ” said Ghaith Al - Omari , a former Palestinian negotiator who now works with the American Task Force on Palestine .
“ If not , ” Mr. Al - Omari said , “ the issue will become the focus of the meeting . ”
Fresh from his first overseas trip as president a weeklong trip in which he drew stellar reviews 
Mr. Obama may soon be jetting off again .
He has a series of trips , both announced and unannounced planned , and will also be hosting several overseas visitors to the White House .
Somewhere in all of that will be a first meeting between Mr. Obama and Mr. Netanyahu ; it ’s bound to be pretty interesting .
You 'll probably never witness an unassisted triple play in your lifetime , right ?
( There have been only 14 . )
Or see an intentional walk with the bases loaded .
( Six . )
Or watch one player hit two grand slams in an inning .
( Once . )
But you can see something right now that has n't been around in baseball since the late 1800s : a switch - pitcher .
His name is Pat Venditte , he 's 23 , and he 's pro baseball 's only ambidextrous pitcher .
This living piece of history is more than a YouTube star ; he 's throwing almost daily for the Charleston RiverDogs , the Yankees ' Single - A club .
And he 's not just throwing :
He 's blowing through hitters like a Cub Scout through Skittles .
At one point in April , the closer 's ERA was 0.00 in 6 1/3 innings , and he had n't blown a save in five games .
Last season , he had 23 saves for the Staten Island Yankees , with a 0.83 ERA .
And best of all , the kid can relieve himself !
He wears a specially made six - fingered Mizuno glove with two thumbs .
( His Dominican teammates call him Pulpo , Spanish for " octopus . " )
When he warms up , he throws four pitches righty and four lefty .
You should see the opposition when he does it .
It 's as if they had seen a ghost .
Wait — did you just see that ?
If a righty is up , he throws righty , and vice versa .
Whenever Venditte switches sides , everybody in the Charleston ballpark is encouraged to switch seats .
" I 've got to remember to tell people which way he 's throwing , " says RiverDogs radio play - by - play man Danny Reed .
" Never had to do that before . "
There are a lot of " never befores " with Venditte .
The pitching coach has to file two reports : Venditte the lefty and Venditte the righty .
And he should ; they 're two different pitchers .
The righty has a 90 mph fastball , a curve and a nice change .
The lefty comes sidearm and has a murderous slider and a change .
He 's a five - pitch pitcher !
Once , in Little League , the other team 's coach came up to Pat Sr. and said , " Your twins pitched a heck of a game . "
His college pitching coach called him Dexter , and opposing managers call him an ulcer .
What 's the point of saving your righthanded pinch - hitter for the ninth if Venditte is just going to switch to righty ?
Strategy is futile .
Remember in The Princess Bride when , halfway through the sword fight , Inigo Montoya suddenly says , " I know something you do n't know : I am not lefthanded ! " ?
All this was Pat Sr.'s idea .
When his son was 3 , Dad noticed Pat threw balls with both hands .
So he fed it .
He had him throw footballs both ways , punt both ways , kick field goals both ways .
Pat was homeschooled by his mom , Jan , who had him write both ways and eat both ways .
We might be looking at the future here , people .
" I get calls and letters from people wanting to know how they can do it with their kids , " says Jan .
" But you have to do it when they 're very young .
If you try it at 9 , they wo n't listen . "
For Pat Jr. , it 's meant a way to chase his dream of playing in the Show someday .
" I know I would n't be this far without it , " he says .
" I do n't have dominating stuff from one side or the other .
I need both . "
Not that it does n't cause problems .
If he walks a hitter , fans will start hollering , " Try the other side ! "
People want him to sign autographs with both hands .
And switch - hitters will switch batter 's boxes , making Venditte switch the glove , starting a cat - and - mouse game that can go on for 10 minutes .
Minor league umps now have the Venditte Rule :
At the start of an at - bat , the pitcher must declare his throwing arm , then the hitter can pick his side , with each man able to switch once .
Phew .
There 's been only one other such pitcher in the past century : Greg Harris , who threw one scoreless inning for the Expos , in 1995 .
More than 120 years ago , three guys are believed to have done it occasionally .
The best was Tony Mullane , who stood on the mound with no glove and the ball cradled in both hands so nobody would know which way he was going to pitch until his windup .
I 've had bosses like that .
But Venditte , a four - year letterman at Creighton , has a chance to be the best .
If the Yankees bring him up — and at this pace it could happen within three years — they wo n't need a pitch count .
Venditte can throw every day !
And when manager Joe Girardi needs to call the bullpen , he can say , " Okay , get a righty and lefty throwing .
In other words , get Pat . "
Of course , how would Girardi signal the bullpen ?
Touch both arms ?
Either way , it 's a steal for the Yankees .
As one scout says , " This could be an economical two - for - one . "
( Hey , Pat , ask for two salaries . )
Love the column , hate the column , got a better idea ?
Go here .
Want more Life of Reilly ?
Then check out the archive .
Be sure to check out Rick 's latest project " Go Fish . "
Only a few days left to Double your gift
Mafic Studios , Inc .
Space … the Final Frontier .
These are the voyages of PG&E .
Its five - year mission : to explore strange new technologies , to seek out new sources of renewable energy and new revenues , to boldly go where no regulated utility has gone before .
Captain Kirk ’s voice keeps popping into my head as I read through utility PG&E ’s 24 - page application seeking regulators ’ approval for the world ’s first space - based solar power plant .
Yep , a flying a solar farm .
It ’s to be built by Solaren , a stealthy Southern California startup founded by veterans of key players in the military - industrial complex — Hughes Aircraft , Boeing , Lockheed Martin and the U.S. Air Force .
By 2016 the Solaren power station is to be lofted into geosynchronous orbit and begin collecting 200 megawatts of sunlight under a 15 - year contract with San Francisco - based PG&E .
The solar energy will be converted into radio frequency waves and beamed to a ground station in Fresno to be transformed back into electricity and fed into PG&E ’s grid .
All very Dr. No .
“ Solaren is using an innovative space - based solar technology , which , if successful , would represent a break - through in the renewable power industry , ” Brian Cherry , PG&E ’s vice present of regulatory relations , wrote to the California Public Utilities Commission on April 10 .
That ’s putting it mildly .
The sun never sets in space and if Solaren technology works — and that ’s a Star Wars - sized if — space - based solar could supply electricity 24/ 7 to just about anywhere in the world , including regions without access to abundant sources of renewable energy .
A 2007 study by the Pentagon ’s National Security Space Office found that just a one - kilometer - wide band of space in earth orbit receives enough solar energy in just one year nearly equal to “ the amount of energy contained within all known recoverable conventional oil reserves on Earth today . ”
No surprise that solar in space has long been a dream of scientists and military strategists but deemed technologically and economically impracticable without Manhattan Project - sized government funding and the cooperation of , well , the military - industrial complex .
The technological challenge has not been so much converting solar energy into radio frequencies – that ’s been done though not on Solaren ’s scale – but getting a supersized solar array into space and making it work .
PG&E in recent years has transformed itself under CEO Peter Darbee from a stodgy government - regulated utility Northern Californians love to hate into one of the most environmentally progressive members of the Fortune 500 .
The utility has placed bets on a number of untried green technologies but it ’s willingness to do a deal to put a power plant in space had some wondering if PG&E had , as Earth2 Tech ’s Katie Fehrenbacher put it , jumped the shark on solar , cracking under the pressure of California ’s mandates to obtain 20 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2010 and 33 percent by 2020 .
But after perusing Solaren ’s patents and chatting with CEO Gary Spirnak , it does n’t seem so sci - fi in the sky as it at sounds .
Sharky , yes , insane , no .
Search online for information about space - based solar and the images that pop up are of kilometers - long structures of solar arrays connected to satellites .
And therein lies a big reason space - solar has n’t gotten off the ground — launching thousands of tons of heavy metal into orbit is exorbitantly expensive .
Solaren says it has a solution .
“ We want to take the weight out of these systems , ” says Spirnak , talking a mile a minute .
“ We came up with this design concept to break these things into pieces instead of trying to construct many , many kilometers of structures in orbit , which would essentially be unbuildable . ”
Instead , Solaren ’s solar power station will consist of two to four components that will float free in space , kept in alignment by software controls and small booster rockets rather than heavy wires , cables and struts .
“ We ’re moving around sunlight so we said let ’s design the damn things out , ” says Spirnak .
According to Solaren ’s patent , an inflatable Mylar mirror a kilometer in diameter — a gigantic solar balloon , in other words — will collect and concentrate sunlight on a smaller mirror that will focus the rays on the solar array .
By concentrating the sunlight on highly efficient solar cells , a smaller and thus lighter — array can be deployed .
Solaren is n’t the only company pursuing space - based solar .
Space Solar boasts in impressive team of advisers , including Terry Tamminen , a former environmental adviser to California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
The company boasts an impressive Web site , but is still raising money to finance a demonstration satellite .
Meanwhile , Solaren ’s Spirnak is not your typical green energy entrepreneur .
He spent nearly a decade with the U.S. Air Force , running Department of Defense space shuttle flights , before joining defense contractor Hughes Aircraft .
“ I worked on a lot of defense projects , which I ca n’t talk about , satellites and things like that , ” he says .
( Google this guy and you ’d get a blank page but for news of the PG&E deal .
Solaren ’s website — offline as this article went to press — offers a single page that contains no information on the company other than the slogan , “ Energy for Tomorrow with Technology of Today . ” )
He says he also ca n’t talk about who is financing Solaren , which he started in Manhattan Beach in 2001 .
The startup has raised several rounds of funding but acknowledges that the price tag for the 200 - megawatt solar power station for PG&E will be “ in the several billion dollar range ” — or several times the cost of an earthbound solar farm .
“ We ’ve talked to investment bankers , venture people , ” says Spirnak .
“ We ’re talking to organizations that have very philanthropic and long - term views on things .
These organizations are interested in green energy . ”
The 2007 National Security Space Office report concluded that space - based solar posed no insurmountable technological obstacles but offers huge logistical and engineering challenges , not to mention economic ones , that would require government funding to overcome .
( And lapsing into Dr. Strangelove mode , the report ’s authors noted that space - based solar “ has the potential to be a disruptive game changer on the battlefield … [ enabling ] entirely new force structures and capabilities such as ultra long ? endurance airborne or terrestrial surveillance or combat systems . ” )
But let ’s return to earth .
For PG&E , there ’s little financial risk in this gambit as the utility only pays when electricity begins to fall from the sky .
( What its customers will pay , though , is confidential as California puts the details of power purchase contracts in a black box .
Also being kept under wraps is the utility ’s own assessment of the viability of Solaren ’s technology . )
Whether California regulators will be willing to count a contract for such bleeding edge technology toward PG&E ’s renewable energy targets is another matter .
For Solaren , it ’s all about getting it right the first time .
Those rocket launches are expensive and it ’ll take four or five to put the power station in orbit , according to Spirnak .
And if something goes wrong , you ca n’t exactly just pop out and fix the glitch .
( “ There will be a tremendous amount of redundancy built in , ” Spirnak assures me . )
He says Solaren will begin launching components into space around 2012 for testing .
The plan is to subcontract the actual construction of the plant to the aerospace industry .
In the meantime , the Solaren will have to navigate the brave new world of outer space power regulation .
On one hand , the company wo n’t have to deal with the environmental issues that have dogged developers of terrestrial solar power plants — no endangered desert tortoises in space !
On the other hand , the idea of beaming megawatts of radio waves through the atmosphere will doubtless raise other environmental issues – Solaren claims there ’s no danger – not to mention bring out the tinfoil hat brigade .
The 200 - megawatt PG&E space power station , though , is just “ a pilot plant , ” according to Spirnak .
The real economies of scale will come from getting big – real big – which will require a new generation of big rockets .
“ Our follow - on plants will be 1,000 megawatts , like a nuclear plant in space , ” he says .
“ The more we can generate , the better our margins are . ”
Below , a short video produced for the National Space Society that depicts what a space - based solar power plant might look like :
Read more :
This video dates back to 1969 and presents what could be described as an early idea of the Internet .
Access Any Hard Drive from the Internet
Using a tiny server crammed into a wall wart , the $ 100 PogoPlug turns any hard drive into a network - attached storage device
The newest issue of Famitsu Weekly has first details on the PlayStation 3 version of Ninja Gaiden II , coming worldwide this Fall as Ninja Gaiden Σ 2 .
Famitsu's web site reveals first in - game screens .
Advertisement
They also show of the newly playable Ayane from the Dead or Alive series .
She takes over for the playable Rachel , who jiggled her way through the first Ninja Gaiden Sigma .
As we can see in the first three shots , she 's traded in modesty for four - inch ninja heels and a less obscured look at her cleavage .
Ayane 's trashy dressing skills are approaching " Ninja Master " rank , a fact we 're sure former Team Ninja lead Tomonobu Itagaki would be proud of .
Advertisement
Ca n't say I 'm a fan , but it 's clear there will be plenty of high - kicking fan service .
You should peruse all the new Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 screens to decide for yourself .
『 NINJA GAIDEN Σ2（ニンジャガイデン シグマ2）』プレイステーション3でシリーズの集大成として登場
[ Famitsu ]
If Manny was juicing in Boston , are Red Sox championships tainted ?
When you put aside the notion that he cheated the game of baseball for his own personal gain , what most people are generally upset about in regards to Barry Bonds and steroids is that he broke Hank Aaron ’s home run record .
Not only was he allegedly juicing , but in doing so , he also broke one of the most sacred records in all of baseball and most are calling for his name to be scratched from the record books .
In the wake of Manny Ramirez ’s 50 - game suspension , there ’s another topic that should be broached , similar to Bonds ’ home run record .
Considering Manny hit cleanup for the Red Sox ’ two championship teams this decade and also won MVP of Boston ’s World Series sweep of the Cardinals in 2004 , should the BoSox ’ titles be considered tainted if Ramirez was on steroids ?
To get the semantics out of the way first , no , Manny did n’t test positive for steroids .
He only tested positive for a women ’s fertility drug that is often used by athletes and bodybuilders to restore testosterone levels after steroid cycles .
To be fair , Ramirez has never tested positive for steroids and therefore anything linking him to PEDs should be considered speculation .
However , if we ’re truly being fair , Bonds never tested positive for steroids either .
Yet , because his head grew to the size of a small watermelon and his physique went from Bruce Banner to the Incredible Hulk over the course of only a couple of years , it ’s safe to say that Bonds was on some kind of human growth hormone and therefore his accomplishments should be questioned and criticized .
And so should the Red Sox ’s two World Series titles .
Considering baseball is a team game , some people are going to argue that this Red Sox - tainted World Series topic is nonsense .
But we ’re not talking about the bullpen catcher taking steroids – we ’re talking about the clean up hitter who just so happened to be an integral piece in a team winning two championships .
If all else is equal , then we should question the two Red Sox titles in the same breath as we criticize Bonds ’ home run record .
Bonds ( possibly ) cheated in order to attain the Holy Grail of personal accomplishments , while Manny ( possibly ) cheated in order to attain the Holy Grail of team accomplishments .
When you consider that Bonds ’ record could someday be broken , but the two Red Sox titles can never be stripped away from them , which dastardly deed was worse ?
Do n’t get it twisted – this is n’t my plea for the two Red Sox championships to be stricken from the record books .
Baseball is a team game and it took 24 - plus other players to help Boston win its two World Series titles ( as opposed to one super - juiced Barry Bonds to break Hammerin ’ Hank ’s record ) .
But if the accomplishments of once - thought - to - be Hall of Famers are now in question ( i.e. Bonds ’ home run record ) , then why ca n’t the accomplishments of certain teams be in question as well ?
Bonds and the Giants were six outs away from winning a World Series in 2002 .
In that series ( which San Fran inevitably lost to the Angels in seven games ) , Bonds hit four home runs and had the Giants won , there ’s a very good chance that he would have been MVP .
If the Giants did win and he took home the MVP award , fans would be screaming about a tainted World Series title because Bonds is the ultimate poster child for steroids in baseball .
Sports writers everywhere would n’t have been able to utter the words “ Giants World Series victory ” without fans slamming it because of Bonds ’ involvement with steroids and you ca n’t convince me otherwise .
So why is n’t anyone screaming about two tainted World Series titles for Boston ?
To be fair so it does n’t seem like I ’m singling out only Boston , one could argue that the Yankees ’ World Series titles in 1999 and 2000 should also be questioned .
At least three of their pitchers ( Andy Pettitte , Roger Clemens and Jason Grimsley ) have either been implicated , admitted or accused of taking PEDs , so fans could easily apply the tainted tag to their titles , too .
( Pettitte was also on the team when they won in 1998 . )
And before anyone compares the value of a starting pitcher to a cleanup hitter , do n’t forget the impact a pitcher can have in a seven game series in the Fall Classic considering they pitch on only three days rest instead of four like the regular season .
The sad thing is , no matter what side of the fence you ’re on in this debate , it ’s one that will likely grow if / when more players are suspended .
What if Albert Pujols tests positive for PEDs ?
The Cardinals won in 2006 .
How about Ryan Howard ?
The Phillies won in 2008 .
We could speculate about every slugger on every World Series - winning team in the “ steroid era ” until we ’re blue in the face .
But the overall point is , we ’re often so quick to judge Bonds and his achievements ( and you could group Mark McGwire , Sammy Sosa , Rafael Palmeiro and every other juicer together too for what they accomplished in baseball ’s record books ) , yet it seems like we ’re willing to give teams a pass .
Why ?
Army chief Frank Bainimarama has strengthened his grip on power Security forces have occupied the central bank building in the Fijian capital , Suva , in a further sign of tightening military control .
There are also reports that the bank 's governor has been sacked .
Military chief Frank Bainimarama was reinstated as PM last week in spite of a court ruling that his regime - which seized power in 2006 - was illegal .
Three foreign journalists were also expelled for their coverage of the upheaval , amid a wider media crackdown .
One of the three men , Australian Broadcasting Corporation reporter Sean Dorney , told the BBC that local journalists in Fiji were working under severe censorship regulations .
We are seeing a very ugly side of the regime where they are clamping down on personal freedoms
Murray McCully
New Zealand Foreign Affairs Minister
Democratic future fades for Fiji
The president of Fiji's Law Society has been detained and the courts remain closed since the president dissolved the constitution , dismissed judges and reappointed Mr Bainimarama .
In a statement on the government 's website on Tuesday , Mr Bainimarama said the country would see many changes in the coming days and weeks " to benefit the country " .
Mr Bainimarama insists his rule is legitimate , but has said there will not be democratic elections until 2014 .
Growing isolation Australia and New Zealand have warned the military chief of Fiji , Frank Bainimarama , that he faces new trade and travel sanctions .
" We 've effectively got a self - appointed dictator .
It 's now a very much less predictable place than it was , " New Zealand 's Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully told Radio New Zealand .
President Iloilo has been a staunch supporter of Frank Bainimarama " We are seeing a very ugly side of the regime , where they are clamping down on personal freedoms , media freedoms and there [ is a ] serious sense of a crackdown on the institutions and individuals who are defying the government , " he added .
Australia 's Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said it was " almost inevitable " Fiji would be ejected from regional groupings and the Commonwealth of former British - ruled nations .
Both ministers said the challenge was to find a way to target Mr Bainimarama and his allies without hurting the Fijian people , many of whom rely on the tourism industry .
Last week , the Court of Appeal - Fiji 's second highest court - ruled that the military government was illegally appointed after a 2006 coup , and that democracy should be returned as soon as possible .
President Ratu Josefa Iloilo responded by dissolving parliament and suspending the constitution - only to reinstate Frank Bainimarama as interim prime minister a day later .
The army uprising in December 2006 was the country 's fourth coup in 20 years .
The military said it had been forced to remove a corrupt and racist administration led by ousted Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase .
But critics of Commodore Bainimarama have accused him of being a " power - hungry dictator " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WordPress is a great blogging platform with a potential of being an easy to use content management system .
This is the third article of our three - part series , “ The Comprehensive Guide for a Powerful CMS using WordPress ” .
We are taking a look at 40 + quality and useful WordPress Plug-ins that will turn a simple WordPress site into a blazing fast dynamic one , with easily managed content , that you and your clients will love to use .
The Comprehensive Guide for a Powerful CMS using WordPress – Part 1
The Comprehensive Guide for a Powerful CMS using WordPress – Part 2
Making Your Content Unbreakable
There is one big drawback to using WordPress as a CMS : the lack of custom content types / groups , an area where developers put restrictions on how clients insert content .
This is fairly easy to do with some knowledge of custom fields , but can be a little complicated if your client is new to WordPress .
Developers must create workarounds to keep the content clean , portable and relatively unbreakable .
1. More Fields Plugin
More Fields is a WordPress plugin that adds boxes to the Write / Edit page .
These boxes contains input fields , so that additional ( more ) fields can be added to a post .
For example , if you write about books , you can add a box where you can enter title and author , etc .
The boxes can be placed either to the right or to the left on the Write / Edit page .
Download Plugin
2. Creating Custom Content Type with Flutter Plugin
Flutter is made precisely for CMS - making , allows you to create custom Write Panel ( Posts , Pages , and Theme Options ) .
This , basically , is a custom content type in which you can add your own fields .
So , if a WordPress installation gives you two different content types ( Post and Page ) , Flutter enables you to add more Write Panels to your likings .
You can create any type of field ( File Uploads , Audio , Video , Checkboxes , Dropdowns ) to make as simple as possible for your client or yourself to enter content .
Download Plugin
3. Post Templates Plugin
If you find yourself writing posts and pages on a regular basis which have the same structure , then this plugin would be a great addition to your WordPress plugin arsenal .
This could be very useful for clients who have no idea how to get started to write a new page or post .
Written by Vincent Prat , Post Templates plugin helps you save time blogging by letting you save and recall templates for writing posts and pages .
Download Plugin
This plugin gives you complete control over your write options .
It not only allows you to hides unwanted items like custom fields , trackbacks , revisions etc … but also gives you a whole lot more control over how WordPress deals with creating content !
This helps you use WordPress more like a CMS , alowing you to totally customise what your authors see and use .
Download Plugin
Managing Users and their Roles
1. User Access Manager Plugin
This plugin is useful if you need a member area or a private section at your blog or you want that other people can write at your blog but not everywhere .
Features include :
User groups
Set seperate access for readers and editors
Set access by user groups
Set access by post categories
User - defined post / page title ( if no access )
User - defined post / page text ( if no access )
Optional login form ( if no access )
User - defined comment text ( if no access )
Download Plugin
2. Role Scoper Plugin
Role Scoper is a comprehensive enrichment for access control in WordPress , giving you CMS - like control of permissions .
Assign reading , editing or administration roles to users or groups on a page - specific , category - specific or other content - specific basis .
Download Plugin
3. Role Manager Plugin
This Plugin allows you to define and manage multiple subscriber profiles – called Roles and their Capabilities .
Also you can create new Roles and Capabilities .
Download Plugin
4. Member Access Plugin
Member Access allows a WordPress administrator to make individual posts and pages accessible only to logged - in members .
Member Access allows global configuration so that all posts or pages can be viewable by everyone ( the default ) or only by members , and it also allows each post and page to override the global setting .
Download Plugin
Better & Smart Navigation
Adds a more advanced paging navigation your WordPress blog .
Example : Pages ( 17 ) : [ 1 ]
2 3 4 » … Last »
Download Plugin
2. WordPress Navigation List Plugin
The plugin gives you the ability to create unique site navigation from your pages , categories and users using a Drag ‘n Drop Interface ; arrange the items within a group in any arbitrary order .
Navigation groups may be composed of any combination of pages , categories , Authors , ( Editors , Contributors , Subscribers ) , internal / external links and list dividers .
This plugin has a lot of other great features , you have to check it out .
Download Plugin
Adds an SEO friendly , accessible dropdown / flyout / slider menu to your WordPress blog .
The plugin generates the code necessary to create a Son of Suckerfish horizontal dropdown , vertical flyout or horizontal slider menu .
The plugin produces W3C valid HTML and CSS and only requires Javascript to function for very old browsers such as IE 6 .
Check out the demo here .
The options page allows you to choose from a range of options including :
What content will be displayed in the menu
Animation speed ( how fast the dropdowns appear )
Mouseover delay
Hide delay
Add a second menu
Download Plugin
4. Yoast Breadcrumbs Plugin
Breadcrumbs are the links , usually above the title post , that look like “ Home > Articles > WordPress SEO ” .
They are good for two things : a )
They allow your users to easily navigate your site .
b)
They allow search engines to determine the structure of your site more easily .
These breadcrumbs should link back to the homepage , and the category the post is in .
This plugin allows you to add breadcrumbs to your theme .
5. Simple Sidebar Navigation Plugin
This plugin adds a widget into the Widgets dashboard that allows in a simple way , without writing any PHP code on your part , to create custom navigation in any sidebar pre-defined by your WP theme .
Features include :
Flat and multi - level navigation hierarchy for existing pages and custom links .
Very flexible conditional appearance options .
Out - of - the - box Suckerfish support .
Option to add navigation links with custom title , url and target attribute .
Unlimited number of navigation widgets .
Optional setting includes blog posts into the navigation selection list ( only pages are available by default ) .
Support for custom drop - down menus CSS .
Download Plugin
Having a Multilingual Site
Writing multilingual content is already hard enough , so why go extra mile without making sure you already have a good plan to manage translation on your blog .
Check out the plugins below that will help you have a fully featured multilingual CMS .
1. WPML Multilingual CMS Plugin
Turns WordPress sites into a fully featured multilingual content management system ( CMS ) .
WPML helps it go the extra mile .
Features include : 1 ) Multilingual content support based on Drupal i18n architecture .
2 ) CMS navigation allows adding drop down menus , breadcrumbs trail and sidebar navigation ( all wigetized ) .
3 ) Creates internal Sticky Links so that they never break .
You can read more about the capabilities of this powerful plugin here .
Download Plugin
2. xLanguage Plugin
x Language is a full featured plugin allows you to blog in different language , and allows user to select which version to read .
It works for blog post , page , tags , categories .
The user language preferences will also select the right theme and plugins MO files .
Download Plugin
3. qTranslate Plugin
qTranslate makes creation of multilingual content as easy as working with a single language .
Here are some features :
qTranslate Services – Professional human and automated machine translation with two clicks
One - Click - Switching between the languages – Change the language as easy as switching between Visual and HTML
Language customizations without changing the .mo files – Use Quick - Tags instead for easy localization
Multilingual dates out of the box – Translates dates and time for you
Comes with a lot of languages already builtin !
– English , German , Simplified Chinese and a lot of others
Download Plugin
Easily Manage Categories , Pages and Posts
1. Idealien Category Enhancements Plugin
Manage category templates as easily as you manage page templates .
Select which apply through the post > categories menu using file names that make sense , not category ID numbers .
Now any views of the category ( or sub- categories ) will render the according to the category template selected .
Posts in a given category can also use a category - based template .
Download Plugin
Customise the order your pages are listed in and manage the parent structure with this simple ajax drag - and - drop administrative interface with an option to toggle the page to be hidden from output .
Great tool to quickly re-arrange your page menus .
Download Plugin
3. Yet Another Related Posts Plugin
Yet Another Related Posts Plugin ( YARPP ) gives you a list of posts and / or pages related to the current entry , introducing the reader to other relevant content on your site .
Using a customizable algorithm considering post titles , content , tags , and categories , YARPP calculates a “ match score ” for each pair of posts on your blog .
Download Plugin
4. Exclude Pages Plugin
This plugin adds a checkbox , “ include this page in menus ” , which is checked by default .
If you un-check it , the page will not appear in any listings of pages ( which includes , and is usually limited to , your page navigation menus ) .
Download Plugin
5. WP No Category Base Plugin
As the name suggests this plugin will completely remove the mandatory ‘ Category Base ’ from your category permalinks ( e.g. myblog.com/category/my-category / to myblog.com/my-category / ) .
Download Plugin
SEO
WordPress by default is pretty decent at letting search engines see what ’s going on .
But there are a whole bunch of plugins that can be used to make your blog rank better .
1. Google XML Sitemaps Plugin
This plugin will create a Google sitemaps compliant XML - Sitemap of your WordPress blog .
It supports all of the WordPress generated pages as well as custom ones .
Everytime you edit or create a post , your sitemap is updated and all major search engines that support the sitemap protocol , like ASK.com , Google , MSN Search and YAHOO , are notified about the update .
Download Plugin
2. All in One SEO Pack Plugin
Optimizes your WordPress blog for Search Engines : page titles , meta tags , keywords , and descriptions .
This plugin allows you to configure them for either your entire blog or on a post by post basis .
Download Plugin
3. Redirection Plugin
Redirection is a WordPress plugin to manage 301 redirections , keep track of 404 errors , and generally tidy up any loose ends your site may have .
This is particularly useful if you are migrating pages from an old website , or are changing the directory of your WordPress installation .
Download Plugin
4. Permalinks Moved Permanently Plugin
If you just migrated your WordPress blog from one permalink structure to another , and you do n’t want to lose Pagerank or traffic that accesses your blog through the old permalinks , this is for you .
Download Plugin
5. SEO Smart Links Plugin
SEO Smart Links provides automatic SEO benefits for your site in addition to custom keyword lists , nofollow and much more .
SEO Smart Links can automatically link keywords and phrases in your posts and comments with corresponding posts , pages , categories and tags on your blog .
Download Plugin
6. Platinum SEO Pack Plugin
This is an improvised version of the AllinOne SEO plugin .
It does everything that AllinOne was doing and also some extra cool features .
It takes care of pretty much everything , a bit more advanced than a basic SEO plugin but easy to use as well .
Download Plugin
Highly customizable Widgets
1. Widgets Reloaded Plugin
Widgets Reloaded replaces many of the default widgets with versions that allow much more control .
Widgets come with highly customizable control panels .
Each widget can also be used any number of times .
Download Plugin
2. Flexi Pages Widget Plugin
Flexi Pages
Widget is a highly configurable WordPress sidebar widget to list pages and sub-pages .
Can be used as an alternative to the default ‘ Pages ’ widget .
Features include :
Option to display sub -pages only in parent page and related pages .
Option to select and exclude certain pages from getting displayed in the list .
Alternatively , only certain pages can be displayed by using the ‘ include ’ option .
Option to include a link to the home page .
Other options include title , sort column / order , hierarchical / flat format , show date .
Multiple instances of the widget .
Unlimited number of instances of the widget can be added to the sidebar .
Download Plugin
3. SidePosts Widget Plugin
With this widget you select the category you want , and all entries with this category , will be shown on the sidebar instead the main blog .
You will have then a small blog on the sidebar for those special entries .
For each entry , you have the link to the post page .
You can select the number to post to show and if must show only the post excerpt or the full post content ( Also excerpt with thumbnails can be shown ) .
Download Plugin
4. Query Posts Widget Plugin
This widget has everything you ’ll ever need to show posts on your site without touching code .
It ’s like having a WordPress developer ready to do your bidding all wrapped up in a widget .
All you need is a theme that ’s widgetized .
It lets you displays posts by nearly any criteria you can imagine using the query_posts ( ) function , except you do n’t need to know anything about PHP to use it .
You can do all kinds of neat things :
Posts by tag , Posts by category , Posts by author , Posts by time / date , Posts by custom field key and / or value , Choose any number , Show pages , Show the full post , excerpt , or even order them in a list , and much more …
Download Plugin
Must Check Plugins
1. Search Everything Plugin
Search Everything increases the ability of the default WordPress Search , options included : Search Every Page , Search Every Tag , Search Every Category , Search non-password protected pages only , Search Every Comment , Search Every Custom Field , Exclude Posts from search , Exclude Categories from search and more .
Download Plugin
2. Subscribe2 Plugin
Subscribe2 provides a comprehensive subscription management and email notification system for WordPress blogs that sends email notifications to a list of subscribers when you publish new content to your blog .
Email Notifications can be sent on a per-post basis or periodically in a Digest email .
Download Plugin
The Exec - PHP plugin executes PHP code in posts , pages and text widgets .
Features include
Executes PHP code in the excerpt and the content portion of your posts and pages
Configurable execution of PHP code in text widgets ( for WordPress 2.2 or higher )
Write PHP code in familiar syntax , eg .
Download Plugin
The WP e-Commerce shopping cart plugin for WordPress is an elegant easy to use fully featured shopping cart application suitable for selling your products , services , and or fees online .
Download Plugin
5. NextGEN Gallery Plugin
NextGEN Gallery is a full integrated Image Gallery plugin for WordPress with a Flash slideshow option .
It can turn a regular blog into a powerful photo - blog while giving you all the tools to manage it efficiently and easily .
Download Plugin
6. Contact Form 7 Plugin
Contact Form 7 can manage multiple contact forms , plus you can customize the form and the mail contents flexibly with simple markup .
The form supports Ajax - powered submitting , CAPTCHA , Akismet spam filtering and so on .
Download Plugin
Tired of copying and pasting the embed HTML from sites like YouTube ?
Then this plugin is for you .
Simply click one of the new buttons that this plugin adds to the write screen ( rich editor included ) and then paste the URL that the video is located at into the prompt box — easy as that .
You can fully configure how the videos are displayed ( width , height , colors , alignment on the page ) and much more .
Download Plugin
DAKAR
Each year in Cameroon at least 45,000 children die due to malnutrition , according to the UN Children 's Fund .
UNICEF says it has been difficult giving voice to Cameroon 's " silent emergency " , unfolding as it is in a relatively stable country in sub-Saharan Africa , overshadowed by conflicts and refugee crises elsewhere in the region .
“ It is a silent emergency because we have children in the north , extreme north and east who are severely malnourished , ” Ora Musu Clemens , UNICEF representative in Cameroon , told IRIN from the capital Yaoundé .
In northern Cameroon global acute malnutrition ( GAM ) – weight deficit for height – stands at 12.6 percent , striking 115,000 children under five , according to UNICEF .
Nearly 40 percent of children – some 350,000 – suffer chronic malnutrition .
The World Health Organization classifies a GAM between 10 percent and 14.9 percent as " serious " , warranting supplementary feeding ; 15 percent and above constitutes an emergency .
UNICEF says new nutritional and health surveys in Cameroon are planned for later this year .
“ Often when it comes to malnutrition in the region we think only of the ‘ purely ’ Sahel countries , ” UNICEF - Cameroon nutrition specialist Denis Garnier told IRIN .
“ But Cameroon has high levels of malnutrition in its northern part equal to those in the Sahel ; unfortunately this does not get the same attention . ”
The population of the north and extreme north regions is about 4.9 million – more than the entire population of Liberia or Mauritania .
The causes of malnutrition in Cameroon are many and varied , and similar to those in many Sahel countries , according to Garnier : lack of basic healthcare , food insecurity , poor access to essential child - survival services and poor infant feeding practices .
Isolation of these zones is also a contributing factor .
Exacerbating difficult living conditions in eastern and northern Cameroon are influxes of refugees from Central African Republic and Chad .
“ To its great credit Cameroon has opened its borders to refugees from Chad and Central African Republic , ” UNICEF ’s Clemens told IRIN .
“ But refugees are putting a great deal of pressure on already scarce resources .
The host communities are not rich , yet are sharing what little is there . ”
Nutrition and health
Nutritionist Garnier said the government is taking encouraging steps to integrate nutrition and malnutrition treatment into health services , but much remains to be done by all concerned , and resources are lacking .
Augustin Ndongmo Nanfack , head of nutritional monitoring and evaluation with Cameroon ’s Health Promotion Department , told IRIN that for the first time the government is placing nutrition coordinators around the country .
“ We have had a deficit of nutritionists in the field , ” he told IRIN .
“ Cameroon has not been seen as a country that has a problem of under- nutrition , but it clearly does . ”
Map of Cameroon
Une fois envolé l'espoir de changement lié au pétrole , les habitants de Kribi se sont concentrés sur le tourisme ...
Cameroon IRIN Map of Cameroon ... Kribi , un petit paradis pour les touristes et le sida Map of Cameroon ...
Photo : IRIN
From the reviews of the third edition :
" ...
It is unusual for a reviewer to have the opportunity to review the first three editions of a book - the first edition was published in 1998 , the second in 2001 and the third in 2004 .
... I was fortunate enough to obtain a copy of the first edition while travelling in Europe in 1999 and I spent many pleasant hours reading it carefully from cover to cover .
The style is inviting and it is very hard to stop part way through a chapter .
Indeed I have recommended the book to talented undergraduates and to mathematically literate friends .
All report that they are captivated by the material and the new view of mathematics it engenders .
By now a number of reviews of the earlier editions have appeared and I must simply agree that the book is a pleasure to hold and to look at , it has striking photographs , instructive pictures and beautiful drawings .
The style is clear and entertaining and the proofs are brilliant and memorable .
...
David Hunt , The Mathematical Gazette , Vol. 32 , Issue 2 , p. 127-128
" The newest edition contains three completely new chapters . …
The approach is refreshingly straightforward , all the necessary results from analysis being summarised in boxes , and a short appendix discusses the importance of the zeta- function in number theory .
… this edition also contains additional material interpolated in the original text , notably the Calkin - Wilf enumeration of the rationals . "
( Gerry Leversha , The Mathematical Gazette , March , 2005 )
" A lot of solid mathematics is packed into Proofs .
Its thirty chapters , divided into sections on Number Theory , Geometry , Analysis … .
Each chapter is largely independent ; some include necessary background as an appendix . …
The key to the approachability of Proofs lies not so much in the accessibility of its mathematics , however , as in the rewards it offers : elegant proofs of interesting results , which do n’t leave the reader feeling cheated or disappointed . "
( Zentralblatt für Didaktik de Mathematik , July , 2004 )
From the reviews of the second edition :
" ... Thirty sections treat results drawn from number theory , geometry ( mainly combinatorial ) , analysis , combinatorics and graph theory ; these can be follwed by one versed in undergraduate matheamtics including discrete topics .
...
The authors have done a fine job of arranging diverse material into a thematic progression .
...
The presentation is clear and attractive with wide margins for portraits , diagrams and sketches . "
E.J.Barbeau , Mathematical Reviews , Issue 2000k
" ...
This is a wonderful book that can be recommended to anybody who is in any way connected to mathematics .
Those who have ever experienced the beauty of mathematics will experience the chill again .
For those who have never experienced that , this book is just the right one to start . "
Acta Scientiarum Mathematicarum , 1999 , Vol. 65 , 769-770
" ... Inside PFTB ( Proofs from The Book ) is indeed a glimpse of mathematical heaven , where clever insights and beautiful ideas combine in astonishing and glorious ways .
There is vast wealth within its pages , one gem after another .
Some of the proofs are classics , but many are new and brilliant proofs of classical results .
... Aigner and Ziegler do not claim to have presented the definitive collection of great mathematics .
In their brief introduction they write : " We have no definition or characterization of what constitutes a proof from THE BOOK : all we offer is the examples that we have selected , hoping that our readers will share our enthusiasm about brilliant ideas , clever insights and wonderful observations . "
I do . ... " Notices of the American Mathematical Society , August 1999 " ...
This book is a pleasure to hold and to look at : ample margins , nice photos , instructive pictures , and beautiful drawings ...
It is a pleasure to read as well : the style is clear and entertaining , the level is close to elementary , the necessary background is given separately , and the proofs are brilliant .
Moreover , the exposition makes them transparent . ... "
London Mathematical Society Newsletter , January 1999
" ... Clearly this second edition is dangerously suited to infect the reader with the enthusiasm of the authors . "
J.Elstrodt ( Münster ) , Zentralblatt für Mathematik 0978.00002
We are facing a catastrophe to the environment , to farming , to food , to health , if the bogus " food safety bills " currently in Congress go through .
These " food safety " bills in Congress driven by Monsanto , Cargill , ADM , the big meat packers , and giant surveillance companies , will industrialize ALL farms in the US , the ones they do not eliminate outright .
The environmental impact will be extreme and the loss to biodiversity incalculable .
Similar laws in the EU ( with which these bills are meant to
" harmonize " ) have already gotten rid of 60 % of Polish farmers .
The bills will end organic farming and criminalize seed banking through and " food safety " measures .
The parts that are dangerous are all buried elsewhere , hidden deep in various agency lists or regulations , but they are triggered by coded words in the bills themselves ( " best farming practices , " sources of contamination , " " tracing " ) , but stripped of the details , they are made to look innocuous to the public .
Who would believe that seed banking will be criminalized or manure made illegal or that seed cleaning equipment is already illegal this year ?
They are all on a short list of " sources of seed contamination " in an innocent looking document within the FDA ( though the absence of pesticides or chemical fertilizers from that list is a tip - off of who has had a hand in this ) .
Wendell Berry is opposed to NAIS , which is core to these bills , but the bills also press for " best farming practices " which will mandate what kind of feed ( GMO ) and when , what medical regimen ( drugs ) , what kind of sprays ( pesticides ) and when and where to spray it .
Farmers will not only be forced to comply with such anti-farming industrial rules but be captive to purchasing industry 's terrible products .
And these in the world of " best bureaucratic nonsense practices " for farming , animals and crops ( and the intricate positive relationship between the two ) will be illegal on the same farm .
Meanwhile , back in the sane and miraculous world of real farming , mob herding of grassfed cattle can sequester carbon incredibly fast .
It will be gone , and we will be left with the giant feedlots - which do the opposite .
Joel Salatin could n't have said it better ;
" Every bit of the alleged science linking methane and cows to global warming is predicated on annual cropping , feedlots and herbivore abuse .
It all crumbles if the production model becomes like our mob-stocking - herbivorous - solar - conversion - lignified - carbon - sequestration fertilization .
America has traded 73 million bison requiring no petroleum , machinery or fertilizer for 45 million beef cattle , and we think we ’re efficient .
Here at Polyface , we practice biomimicry and have returned to those lush , high organic matter production models of the native herbivores .
" If every cow producer in the country would use this model , in less than 10 years we would sequester all the carbon that ’s been emitted since the beginning of the industrial age .
It ’s really that simple .
Without question , grass - finished , mob -stocked beef is the most efficacious way to heal the planet .
We should drastically drop our chicken and pork consumption and return to our indigenous , climate - appropriate protein source : perennial forages turned into red meat and milk . "
Very few people are aware of what is in those bills ( which surely was the point ) .
And , worse , Food Democracy
Now in being so frighteningly out of touch , is giving people the dangerous misimpression that things are getting better .
By being excited about a meeting with Vilsack , they distracted attention from dangers happening at the moment - the entire rug of all green agriculture being pulled out from under us all .
I am sure Vilsack mouthed the PC ( but irrelevant ) words about organic farming which gave " hope " but the reality is sinister .
FDN 's actions should not help lull people just when alerts should be going out everywhere .
One wonders if that lulling effect may actually be why Merrigan was appointed now and Food Democracy got its " audience . "
Basic description of how the bills will destroy everything :
History and detail here :
It is hard to stress enough how threatening these bills are to our country , our democracy , and our survival .
Any help you can render , including reaching Food Democracy Now and waking them up to the real situation , would be immensely appreciated .
One alert from them could wake progressives that " food safety " is very much the opposite of what is in store for us .
Aacademic communities concerned with biodiversity and the environment do not typically consider farming so they do n't understand how much biodiversity is protected through farmers raising heritage seeds and heritage animal breeds and with pride in their contribution , or that the presence of independent " real " farms is a critical wall between us and total industrial and commercial development .
Sierra Club in Michigan has video that shows the two worlds , real farming and industrial farming , side by side , and the crushing environmental impact of the latter .
http://www.sierraclub.org/factoryfarms/nightmare_documentary.asp
NAIS - beyond its bureaucratic and financial burdens which will crush farmers and its being unconstitutional - appears to me to be a set up on the animal side to do what Monsanto has done on the seed side - put them out of reach or destroy them .
It 's already happening in Asia .
And they are ready with biotech animals and justifications ( or emergencies they manufacture ) for them .
And it is unclear ( they keep it all unclear ) whether DNA will be taken from all the animals ( with farmers having no say and no means of profiting from any use of that DNA ) .
If you have contacts at MoveOn , please reach them .
Their involvement could be invaluable in stopping this .
Reach academic communities and have them post alerts across the country about the threat to normal seed banking .
Reach gardening groups , reach health and environmental groups , reach media and artists groups , reach cooking and family groups , reach religious and even business and sports groups , etc .
This concerns us all .
WASHINGTON  The Federal Bureau of Investigation has incorrectly kept nearly 24,000 people on a terrorist watch list on the basis of outdated or sometimes irrelevant information , while missing people with genuine ties to terrorism who should have been on the list , according to a Justice Department report released Wednesday .
The report said the mistakes posed a risk to national security , because of the failure to flag actual terrorism suspects , and an unnecessary nuisance for nonsuspects who may be questioned at traffic stops or kept from boarding airplanes .
By the beginning of 2009 , the report said , this consolidated government watch list comprised about 400,000 people , recorded as 1.1 million names and aliases , an exponential growth from the days before the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Among the list ’s uses is the screening of people entering the country , and intelligence officials say it has allowed agencies to work together to prevent the type of breakdown that allowed two of the Sept. 11 hijackers to get into the United States even though they were known to the Central Intelligence Agency for their terrorist ties .
What a long , straunge trip yt hath been .
Tyme sufficeth me nat to tellen yow of the wonderes of Las Vegas , and of the grete battes and swich that ich sawe whanne ich did dryven wyth my lord Kynge Richard from Barstow to Vegas - ward , and of the serious mead collecioun that a man can get whan he sette hym out to fynde a serious mead collecioun , and of the grete feere and loathinge that did posses us .
The Lords Appellant aren all crookes and berers of false - tidinges , and Thomas Favent ys the maner of man that gooth to Blazinge Fellow and yet hath nat tyme to visit his grand - dame .
The re-brandinge of my blog plesid me nat , and so ich haue taken it y - back .
Fight the powere , sistren and brethren .
Ich wryte this pooste of blog from an " tavern of halydaye " in Grand Rapids in the realme of Michigan , wherat Kynge Richard and mynselfe haue ordrid " Step Brethren " on the " on demaunde . "
A - morwe , we get back yn to the car and dryve to that place of which Sir John Maundeville whilom descrived yn this blog :
Friday Q&A 2009 - 04 - 17 : Code Generation with LLVM , Part 1 : Basics
Welcome back to another heart - pounding edition of Friday Q&A. Phil Holland and Ed Wynne both suggested that I do something with LLVM , and so I 'm going to discuss how to generate and call code at runtime using LLVM .
This week I 'm going to talk about the basics needed to get up and running with code generation , and then next week in Part 2 I 'm going to show how you can use this technique to build a fast Objective - C trampoline object .
What is LLVM ?
About a month ago I talked about the Clang Static Analyzer , a really handy code analyzer which can point out all kinds of errors in your programs .
The static analyzer is actually an offshoot of LLVM .
LLVM stands for Low Level Virtual Machine .
As far as what this means , it 's basically a compiler toolkit designed to be usable for just - in - time compilation .
That makes it sound smaller than it really is , though .
It 's a huge project which provides a wealth of features in many compiler - related areas .
For more information about everything it can do , click the magic link .
Among the many things LLVM is capable of , it allows you to construct code at runtime , compile it to native code , and then get a function pointer that you can call right from your own code .
This means that you can build custom code on demand and get full native speed from it .
Very cool !
Building Code
This week I 'm going to walk through how to use LLVM to build two basic functions .
The first function will just perform a multiply and add on its arguments , and the second one , a bit more complex , will be a recursive greatest common denominator function .
Of course it would be a lot easier to just write these functions in plain old C , but the point is to illustrate the technique , not actually build something useful just yet .
I 'll post code snippets as I go , but if you 'd like to see the entire test program , you can get it here .
To use it , you will of course have to install LLVM .
Instructions for that can be found on the LLVM site , but it 's pretty much like any other UNIX package .
This code is mainly cobbled together from the LLVM tutorials .
However , they 're a bit incomplete when it comes to the basics ( the " simple " tutorial shows how to build the functions but not how to compile them ) and occasionally do n't quite work , so I thought it would be useful to present a complete example .
The first thing to do is to create a new Module .
This is basically a container that functions can be put into .
This little function creates a new Module , generates the two functions , and then returns it so that we can use it .
Module * makeLLVMModule () { // Module Construction Module * mod = new Module ( " test " ) ; BuildMulAdd ( mod ) ; BuildGCD ( mod ) ; return mod ; }
There 's really nothing interesting going on here .
Those build functions are where the interesting work happens .
Let 's look at BuildMulAdd .
The purpose of this function is just to compute x* y+z , where those variables are the three parameters to the function .
The first thing it does is create a new Function object to work with :
void BuildMulAdd ( Module * mod ) { Constant * c = mod->getOrInsertFunction ( " mul_add " , /*ret type */ IntegerType ::get ( 32 ) , /*args*/ IntegerType ::get ( 32 ) , IntegerType ::get ( 32 ) , IntegerType ::get ( 32 ) , /*varargs terminated with null */ NULL ) ; Function * mul_add = cast ( c ) ; mul_add->setCallingConv(CallingConv::C ) ;
Constant
The first line creates the object , which for some reason is typed .
( My understanding of the system is not quite at 100 % yet . )
You give it a name , and the return and argument types , and it creates the object .
We cast it to the right type , and set up the calling conventions .
So far , so good .
The next thing to do is extract the individual arguments so that we can use them when creating the function body .
While we 're at it , we 'll also give them names .
LLVM works by building code in what 's called the LLVM intermediate representation , which acts as a kind of high level , portable assembly language .
That IR is then translated into machine code when required .
These names are used when building the IR to make it easier to read , but are not required .
Here 's how to set up the arguments :
Function :: arg_iterator args = mul_add -> arg_begin ( ) ; Value * x = args ++ ; x -> setName ( " x " ) ; Value * y = args ++ ; y -> setName ( " y " ) ; Value * z = args ++ ; z -> setName ( " z " ) ;
BasicBlock * block = BasicBlock :: Create ( " entry " , mul_add ) ;
IRBuilder
IRBuilder
IRBuilder <> builder ( block ) ;
Value * tmp = builder .
CreateBinOp ( Instruction :: Mul , x , y , " tmp " ) ; Value * tmp2 = builder .
CreateBinOp ( Instruction :: Add , tmp , z , " tmp2 " ) ;
tmp2
builder .
CreateRet ( tmp2 ) ; }
BuildGCD
The next thing to do is to set up a basic block .
LLVM code is organized in terms of basic blocks .
A basic block is just a block of code which has no branches .
In this case , since the function has no branches anyway , a single basic block takes care of the entire function :
The next thing is to create an .
This is an object that helps with building the intermediate representation .
It 's basically a helper object .
It 's possible to create things more directly , butmakes building code much easier :
The next thing is to actually create the instructions for the function body .
This is nice and simple , since it 's just a single multiply followed by a single add : Like the arguments , the intermediate values also get names that will show up in the IR code.
contains the desired result , so now we return it :
And that 's it !
Easy enough .
Of course we can't actually execute the thing yet .
But before we get to that , let 's look at thefunction .
Greatest Common Denominator
The goal is to build a gcd function using the standard recursive algorithm , like so :
int gcd ( int x , int y ) { if ( x == y ) return x ; else if ( x < y ) return gcd ( x , y - x ) ; else return gcd ( x - y , y ) ; }
void BuildGCD ( Module * mod ) { Constant * c = mod -> getOrInsertFunction ( " gcd " , IntegerType :: get ( 32 ) , IntegerType :: get ( 32 ) , IntegerType :: get ( 32 ) , NULL ) ; Function * gcd = cast < Function > ( c ) ; Function :: arg_iterator args = gcd -> arg_begin ( ) ; Value * x = args ++ ; x -> setName ( " x " ) ; Value * y = args ++ ; y -> setName ( " y " ) ;
if
return
if
if
BasicBlock * entry = BasicBlock :: Create ( " entry " , gcd ) ; BasicBlock * ret = BasicBlock :: Create ( " return " , gcd ) ; BasicBlock * condFalse = BasicBlock :: Create ( " condFalse " , gcd ) ; BasicBlock * condTrue = BasicBlock :: Create ( " condTrue " , gcd ) ; BasicBlock * condFalse2 = BasicBlock :: Create ( " condTrue " , gcd ) ;
IRBuilder <> builder ( entry ) ; Value * xeqy = builder .
CreateICmpEQ ( x , y , " tmp " ) ; builder .
CreateCondBr ( xeqy , ret , condFalse ) ; builder .
SetInsertPoint ( ret ) ; builder .
CreateRet ( x ) ; builder .
SetInsertPoint ( condFalse ) ; Value * xlty = builder .
CreateICmpULT
( x , y , " tmp " ) ; builder .
CreateCondBr ( xlty , condTrue , condFalse2 ) ; builder .
SetInsertPoint ( condTrue ) ; Value * yminusx = builder .
CreateSub ( y , x , " tmp " ) ; std :: vector < Value *> args1 ; args1 .
push_back ( x ) ; args1 .
push_back ( yminusx ) ; Value * recurCall1 = builder .
CreateCall ( gcd , args1 . begin ( ) , args1 . end ( ) , " tmp " ) ; builder .
CreateRet ( recurCall1 ) ; builder .
SetInsertPoint ( condFalse2 ) ; Value * xminusy = builder .
CreateSub ( x , y , " tmp " ) ; std :: vector < Value *> args2 ; args2 .
push_back ( xminusy ) ; args2 .
push_back ( y ) ; Value * recurCall2 = builder .
CreateCall ( gcd , args2 . begin ( ) , args2 . end ( ) , " tmp " ) ; builder .
CreateRet ( recurCall2 ) ; }
" tm p "
The initial setup to the function is virtually identical : Next we 'll set up the basic blocks needed by the function .
In this case there are five needed .
We need one entry block , which will contain the first .
We need a block to execute thefor the case where theis true .
A third block contains the second
The forth and fifth blocks handle the true and false branches of that :
Next we 'll build code for these blocks .
Since it 's all relatively straightforward , and the LLVM documentation and tutorials will explain it better than I can , I 'm just going to gloss over it and dump it out here : Notice how all of the intermediate variables are called .
This is not a very useful thing to do , but it does illustrate that LLVM will automatically change these names as needed to ensure that they do n't conflict , which is useful .
You 'll be able to see this in the generated intermediate representation , which we 'll get to in a bit .
That 's how to build the functions , now let 's see how to use them .
First thing is to actually call the function to build the module , with the functions within :
int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { Module * Mod = makeLLVMModule ( ) ;
verifyModule
Module
verifyModule ( * Mod , PrintMessageAction ) ;
PassManager PM ; ModulePass * pmp = createPrintModulePass ( & outs ;( ) ) ; PM . add ( pmp ) ; PM . run ( * Mod ) ;
ExceutionEngine
ExecutionEngine * engine = ExecutionEngine :: create ( Mod ) ;
getPointerToFunction
ExecutionEngine
typedef int ( * MulAddFptr ) ( int , int , int ) ; MulAddFptr fptr = ( MulAddFptr ) engine -> getPointerToFunction ( Mod -> getFunction ( " mul_add " ) ) ; typedef int ( * GCDFptr ) ( int , int ) ; GCDFptr gcd = ( GCDFptr ) engine -> getPointerToFunction ( Mod -> getFunction ( " gcd " ) ) ; fprintf ( stderr , " %p : 2*3+4 = %d
" , fptr , fptr ( 2 , 3 , 4 ) ) ; fprintf ( stderr , " %p : gcd ( 10 , 25 ) = %d , gcd ( 1234 , 5678 ) = %d
" , gcd , gcd ( 10 , 25 ) , gcd ( 1234 , 5678 ) ) ;
delete Mod ; return 0 ; }
; ModuleID = ' test ' define i32 @ mul_add ( i32 % x , i32 % y , i32 % z ) { entry : % tmp = mul i32 % x , % y ; < i 32 > [ # uses = 1 ] % tmp2 = add i32 % tmp , % z ; < i 32 > [ # uses = 1 ] ret i32 % tmp2 } define i32 @ gcd ( i32 % x , i32 % y ) { entry : % tmp = icmp eq i32 % x , % y ; < i1 > [ # uses = 1 ] br i1 % tmp , label % return , label % condFalse return : ; preds = % entry ret i32 % x condFalse : ; preds = % entry % tmp2 = icmp ult i 32 % x , % y ; < i1 > [ # uses = 1 ] br i1 % tmp2 , label % condTrue , label % condTrue1 condTrue : ; preds = % condFalse % tmp3 = sub i32 % y , % x ; < i 32 > [ # uses = 1 ] % tmp4 = call i32 @ gcd ( i32 % x , i32 % tmp3 ) ; < i32 > [ # uses = 1 ] ret i32 % tmp4 condTrue1 : ; preds = % condFalse % tmp5 = sub i32 % x , % y ; < i 32 > [ # uses = 1 ] % tmp6 = call i32 @ gcd ( i32 % tmp5 , i32 % y ) ; < i 32 > [ # uses = 1 ] ret i32 % tmp6 } 0x1880010 : 2 * 3 + 4 = 10 0x1880030 : gcd ( 10 , 25 ) = 5 , gcd ( 1234 , 5678 ) = 2
The next thing is to call thefunction on the new .
I 'll be honest with you : I have no idea what this does , but the tutorial did it so I 'm doing it too !
Now that the module is ready , I want to print it out .
This just dumps the intermediate representation that 's been built for the module .
This step is not required , but is interesting and can help with debugging :
Now on to the really interesting stuff : compiling and running the code .
This is done by using anobject :
Here 's the really cool part .
You useto get a function pointer from the .
And this is afunction pointer .
You can call it like you would any other function .
Just cast it to the right type , add parentheses and parameters , and off you go .
How neat is that ?
That 's all it takes to compile and run these functions .
All that 's left is cleanup : That 's the whole program .
Here 's what it prints :
As you can see , the intermediate representation code is nicely readable .
If something is going wrong , reading it can be a good check to make sure that you 're actually generating the code that you want .
After it prints the intermediate representation , miracle of miracles , it prints the correct numbers too !
Conclusion
Although it 's pretty pointless to build static functions using LLVM like this , it illustrates interesting techniques .
Using this as a base , you can easily take these code generation functions and make them dynamic , so that they generate code in a way that you simply could n't do from plain C . Next week , I 'll show how you can use LLVM to generate Objective - C methods on the fly and actually build something almost useful from it .
That wraps up this week 's edition .
Remember that Friday Q&A is driven by your ideas , so send them in .
Obviously I wo n't be able to use your idea next week , but rest assured that I save them and use them in the future .
Tune in next week for the exciting conclusion , and post your comments below .
Did you enjoy this article ?
I 'm selling whole books full of them !
Volumes II and III are now out !
They 're available as ePub , PDF , print , and on iBooks and Kindle .
Click here for more information
Comments :
Add your thoughts , post a comment :
Spam and off - topic posts will be deleted without notice .
Culprits may be publicly humiliated at my sole discretion .
JavaScript is required to submit comments due to anti-spam measures .
Please enable JavaScript and reload the page .
Except for his bald head , there is n’t much monkish about Noah Levine .
His body is covered with tattoos , his speech is spiked with profanities , and his style ( T - shirts devoted to his favorite bands , lots of black ) is a throwback to his days as a hard - core punk rocker .
So it looked a bit unusual to a newcomer when , on a recent evening , Levine , 37 , sat cross-legged at a Buddhist center in East Hollywood to lead several dozen people in a guided meditation .
“ Now bring your awareness to your breath , ” began the Buddha in the Bad Brains T - shirt , who happens to be one of the most influential Buddhist teachers in America .
Levine is the founder of the Against the Stream Buddhist Meditation Society , which has centers in East Hollywood and Santa Monica and more than 20 affiliated groups nationwide .
He and his students practice a unique incarnation of Buddhism infused with punk rock ’s anti-establishment ethos .
They call themselves Dharma Punx .
Advertisement
Dharma
Punx do n’t wear robes and they do n’t bow to statues of the Buddha .
Anyone can form a group -- as long as he checks with Levine first -- and there is n’t the emphasis on hierarchy found in many forms of Buddhism ( there are no Zen masters or Tibetan lamas ) .
The idea , Levine said , is to make Buddhist teachings accessible to punks -- and to reconnect Buddhism with what he sees as its radical roots .
“ I do n’t feel like this is bringing a punk rock corruption into Buddhism , ” Levine said .
“ I think that that anti-establishment ethic is a part of Buddha ’s teachings . ”
Both punk rock and Buddhism , according to Levine , began as a rebellion against the status quo .
“ The first noble truth of Buddhism is that there is suffering in life , that there is an unsatisfactory quality to living in a world where everything is constantly changing , and to living in a world where there is so much greed and hatred and delusion , ” he said .
“ Punk rock ’s foundation is dissatisfaction , acknowledging greed , hatred and delusion and rebelling against sexism , racism , political corruption and war . ”
By bringing punk and Buddhism together , Levine has reached a mostly untapped demographic .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve been to other Buddhist centers where I felt out of place , but I ’ve found a home here , ” said Gary Sanders , 37 , who drives from Castaic to East Hollywood to attend Levine ’s meditation sessions .
“ Noah ’s taken an approach that makes it palatable to our scene . ”
The movement gets its name from Levine ’s 2003 book “ Dharma Punx , ” which chronicles his involvement in the Santa Cruz punk rock scene , his recovery from addiction to crack , heroin and alcohol , and his turn to Buddhism .
Levine , whose father is noted Buddhist writer Stephen Levine , first tried meditating in 1988 while locked up at a juvenile hall in Santa Cruz ( for trying to steal a car radio to score some drugs ) .
At the time , he was a homeless 17 - year - old dropout , an angry kid who had spent his whole life rebelling .
At a young age he had found an outlet for his anger in the punk scene -- in the fury of the music and the anarchy of the mosh pit -- but when he slid into addiction , he traded his mohawk , Doc Martens and leather jacket for a crack pipe .
Sitting in a padded detox cell , Levine at first felt suicidal .
When he started meditating , he found a kind of peace .
“ My early life ’s external rebellion had only led to more suffering , ” he wrote .
Advertisement
Continuing to meditate , he got sober with the help of a 12 - step program .
He attended his first meditation retreat in 1991 -- with Jack Kornfield , an influential Buddhist teacher who trained as a monk in Thailand and Burma .
Levine liked Kornfield ’s message -- he went on to study with him -- but he said he felt a little out of place .
“ I was the only 20 - year - old there and certainly the only punk rocker , ” he writes .
“ Looking around , I did n’t see anyone even close to my age .
This was my father ’s scene , not mine . ”
After 10 years of studying Buddhism , Levine was certified to teach by Kornfield .
But he wanted to create a new scene -- for people like himself , the kind who liked to rock out to bands like Suicidal Tendencies and slam - dance in mosh pits .
So he began leading meditation groups in Santa Cruz and San Francisco and in 2003 launched a Dharma Punx group on New York City ’s Lower East Side .
He moved to Los Angeles three and a half years ago and founded Against the Stream last year .
Advertisement
Though he draws inspiration from many strains of Buddhism ( including Thai , Sri Lankan and Burmese ) , he said , he has tried to tear down the hierarchical difference between teacher and student that is common in those forms .
“ I tend to present the teachings as a peer , as , ‘ We are all in this together seeking happiness , ’ ” he said .
“ We are all the students .
Can we take the wisdom and the compassion of the Buddha ’s teachings and roots and leave behind some of the other things that I see as corruptions -- the dogma , the power , the patriarchy and superstition ? ”
Levine lives in Highland Park with his wife , Amy , and his infant daughter , Hazel .
He earns a living as a psychologist but travels frequently to lead meditation workshops and retreats around the world .
He founded and sits on the board of the Mind Body Awareness Project , an Oakland - based nonprofit that teaches meditation to at - risk youths in juvenile halls , clinics , high schools and group homes .
His twice - weekly meditation sessions at Against the Stream are among the best - attended in Los Angeles , and they attract a diverse crowd not limited to punk rockers .
Advertisement
Levine has found an especially receptive audience in recovering addicts .
He speaks about his own relationship with drugs and alcohol , saying meditation helped him learn the impulse control that is crucial to overcoming addiction .
“ If you can sit through the itch without scratching it , then you can sit through the craving for drugs and alcohol , ” he said .
Members say they come because they like his simple style .
“ He does n’t speak in riddles or parables .
He ’s straightforward , ” said Duane Dinham , 46 , who has been coming to the meditation center for the last five months -- in part , he says , because he likes how Levine does n’t seem to take himself too seriously .
Advertisement
“ I came here because it ’s non-dogmatic , ” Dinham said .
“ He has a certain irreverence that I like . ”
Before starting his meditation session on a recent evening , Levine walked into the large , airy meeting room carrying a takeout box from the vegan restaurant across the street .
“ Hey , ” he called to the people straggling in .
“ Anybody want to try fried pickles ? ”
After the session , he cracked jokes and talked about sex and drugs .
Levine runs things with a casualness that might make a Tibetan lama cringe , but that ’s what attracted Holly Brown , 39 , a self - described “ goth girl ” who has belonged to Against the Stream since it opened .
Advertisement
“ We all respect the Dalai Lama , but we ’re living a totally different life than him , ” she said .
“ Noah ’s living our same life . ”
--
katelinthicum@gmail.com
Wäre ich mit meinem Leben mehr als 70 Prozent unzufrieden , fühlte ich mich vom anderen Geschlecht missachtet , hätte ich einen Hass auf blinde Lehrer , Kollegen , Vorgesetzte , würden mich körperlich überlegene Assis quälen , sähe ich überhaupt keine Perspektive , dann wäre das aktuelle Titelbild des Spiegel für mich eine Aufforderung , wenigstens noch unsterblich zu werden .
In the summer of 1981 , a colleague at the NASA Ames Research Center in Mountainview , California , gave me a small black stone wrapped in aluminum foil that changed the course of my life .
About the size of a marble and indistinguishable from any other rock that might be found on a beach , the stone was a piece of a meteorite that entered the Earth ’s atmosphere over southern Australia in September 1969 .
It began with a bright fireball that broke up into several pieces , followed by claps of thunder , and minutes later a shower of black stones fell over several square miles near the small town of Murchison .
When the original boulder - sized object broke apart into smaller pieces , the surfaces of the fragments were heated by atmospheric friction to white - hot temperatures .
In a few seconds the friction slowed them from their initial velocity and they finally fell to the ground at the same speed they would reach if they were dropped from an airplane .
When the first stones were found they were still warm and had a smoky , aromatic smell .
During the next few weeks townspeople and scientists collected over a hundred kilograms of meteorites ranging in size from marbles to bricks .
The smoky aroma hinted that there was more to this meteorite than just the mineral content typical of other stony meteorites .
The Murchison belongs to a relatively rare group of meteorites called carbonaceous chondrites .
The odor is produced by organic compounds older than the Earth itself , some of which were present in the vast molecular cloud of interstellar dust and gas that gave rise to our solar system 4.57 billion years ago .
Most of the organic material , nearly 2 % of the total mass of the Murchison , is in the form of a coal - like polymer called kerogen , but there are also hundreds of different compounds that sound like a chemist ’s laboratory : oily hydrocarbons , fluorescent polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAH ) , organic acids , alcohols , ketones , ureas , purines , simple sugars , phosphonates , sulfonates and the list goes on .
Where did all this stuff come from ?
Did it have anything to do with the origin of life ?
In 1953 , a young graduate student named Stanley Miller published a short paper in Science that suggested an answer .
Miller ’s mentor was Nobelist Harold Urey at the University of Chicago , who had proposed that the early Earth ’s atmosphere was likely to be a mixture of hydrogen , methane , ammonia and water .
This is called a reducing atmosphere , with no free oxygen .
Miller decided to expose such an atmosphere to an electrical discharge to simulate lightning .
The result was astonishing .
because several amino acids were produced , along with hundreds of other compounds that resembled the mix of organic compounds in the Murchison .
And then sixteen years later , Keith Kvenvolden and a group of researchers at NASA Ames analyzed a sample of the Murchison meteorite and convincingly demonstrated to everyone ’s satisfaction that amino acids were present among the organic compounds .
Not just the amino acids associated with life on the Earth , which might have been contamination , but more than 70 others that were clearly alien to biology as we know it .
This study confirmed Stanley Miller ’s conclusion that amino acids , the fundamental building blocks of proteins , can be synthesized by a non-biological process .
From this , it seemed reasonable to think that amino acids and other organic compounds would have been available on the prebiotic Earth , either delivered by meteoritic infall or synthesized by geochemical processing of atmospheric gases .
With a sample of a carbonaceous meteorite in hand , I was ready to do an experiment I had been dreaming about .
I had spent much of my earlier research career studying lipids which , along with proteins , nucleic acids and carbohydrates , represent the four major kinds of molecules that compose living organisms .
“ Lipid ” is a catch - all word for compounds like fat , cholesterol and lecithin that are soluble in organic solvents .
In earlier research I had extracted triglycerides ( fat ) from the livers of rats , phospholipids such as lecithin from egg yolks , and chlorophyll from spinach leaves .
All of these procedures used an organic solvent mixture of chloroform and methanol to dissolve the lipids , and I wanted to try the same thing with the Murchison material .
The surfaces of the meteorite stone had surface contamination from being exposed to sheep pastures in Australia and the fingers of everyone who handled it , so I broke it into smaller pieces and carefully obtained an interior sample weighing about one gram .
I pulverized the sample in a clean mortar and pestle with a mixture of chloroform and methanol as the solvent , and decanted the clear solvent from the heavier black mineral powder .
The chloroform solvent had a yellow tint , which meant that it had dissolved some of the organic material in the meteorite .
I dried a drop of the solution on a microscope slide , added water , then examined it at 400X magnification .
It was an extraordinary sight .
Lipid - like molecules had been extracted from the meteorite and were assembling into the cell - sized membranous vesicles .
Could it be that similar compartments were present when the first liquid water appeared on the Earth over 4 billion years ago ?
Maybe if we studied the Murchison meteorite we might know what kinds of molecules made up the membranous boundaries of the first cellular life .
But a huge question remained :
Where did the stuff come from ?
For that matter , where does anything come from ?
In next week ’s column I will describe a remarkable tale of stellar nucleosynthesis , scientific insight , and a missed Nobel prize .
I want to thank Bente Lilja , Patrick , Gerhard , and Michael for their thoughtful comments regarding the previous two columns .
I would like to respond individually , but like most academics I must reply to a hundred or so emails during the work day .
I am gathering them as we go along and once a month will set aside some column space to answer as best I can .
Now , back to my story .
As Multiple - Death Shootings Surge , Congress Looks Away
Created : April 20 , 2009 09:47 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Sen . Dianne Feinstein sponsored the 1994 ban on assault weapons .
Now , Feinstein says an immediate renewal looks unlikely .
( D - Calif . ) ( WDCpix )
Last month in Southern Alabama , an unemployed twenty - something sheet - metal worker armed himself with two semi-automatic rifles , a shotgun and a pistol .
He shot his mother and the four family dogs , and then drove to a neighboring town where he killed four more relatives , four passersby , and then himself .
All in all , he sprayed more than 200 bullets across two Alabama counties .
The ages of the victims ranged from 74 years to 18 months .
It was the worst killing spree in state history .
Since then other parts of the country have suffered similar nightmares .
Indeed , in recent weeks more than 60 people — including seven police officers — have been killed in multiple - death shootings from coast to coast .
It ’s just the type of headline - grabbing trend that might usually get congressional lawmakers screaming from the rafters for policy reforms , like banning military - style assault weapons and forcing gun-show vendors to do background checks on prospective buyers .
Gun control advocates argue that such steps would help stem the more than 30,000 gun deaths that plague the United States each year .
Illustration by : Matt Mahurin
But that has n’t been the case .
Instead , the reaction from congressional leaders — even the most vocal gun-reform proponents — has been a long , strange silence .
It was n’t always this way .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) was the author of the successful 1994 effort to install an assault weapons ban , which expired five years ago .
Yet last week , less than a month after four police officers were killed in a shooting spree in Oakland , Feinstein told “ 60 Minutes ” that , while she hopes to reintroduce the measure , “ I would n’t bring it up now . ”
Similarly , President Obama — who campaigned on a platform of renewing the assault weapons ban — reiterated his support for that prohibition during a visit to Mexico last week , but added that that he ’s not “ under any illusions that reinstating that ban would be easy . ”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) is another long - time advocate for tightening gun laws .
Yet pressed this month about the absence of any gun reform push in Congress , she offered only a vague explanation about the need “ to find some level of compromise . ”
Spokespersons for both Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) said there ’s no plan on the horizon for gun reform legislation this year .
The reason is no mystery .
Although Democrats expanded their majorities in both chambers of Congress last year , they owe those gains largely to more moderate members , who picked up seats in a number of conservative - leaning states that have historically gone Republican .
Indeed , when Attorney General Eric Holder in February announced his support for renewing the assault weapons ban , 65 House Democrats wrote to the White House attacking the proposal .
“ Law - abiding Americans use these guns for all the same reasons they use any other kind of gun – competitive shooting , hunting and defending their homes and families , ” the Democrats wrote .
Not only do those members not want to be seen threatening their constituents ’
Second Amendment rights , but Pelosi and other Democratic leaders are bending over backwards to ensure that those seats remain Democratic in elections to come .
In this political environment , congressional aides say , even a gun reform push from liberal Democrats would only divide the party and undermine other legislative priorities .
“ What ’s the sense in expending a good amount of political capital ? ” asked a House Democratic aide , who asked to remain anonymous due to the political nature of the topic .
“ You know you ’re going to lose .
You know you do n’t have the votes …
It ’s never good when leadership loses a vote , and this is a vote they ’ll lose . ”
Then there ’s the issue of lobbying .
The pro-gun National Rifle Association is among the most powerful forces in all of Washington .
In the 2008 election cycle alone , the NRA ’s political action committee spent $ 15.6 million on campaign activities , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
And the group keeps tabs on every vote even remotely related to gun reform , threatening lawmakers with poor NRA rankings if they vote against the lobby ’s agenda .
The NRA did not reply to a call requesting comment , but the prowess of the gun lobby was in full display earlier this year during congressional debate on legislation to grant a voting representative to the residents of Washington , DC .
That bill passed the Senate in February , but not before the NRA swayed lawmakers to attach language all but scrapping Washington ’s gun control laws , which are among the strictest in the nation .
Faced with the gun-policy wildcard , stymied House Democrats have refused to bring the bill to the floor .
The reason is simple .
The combination of support from Republicans and moderate Democrats all but ensures that the bill would pass .
“ On this issue , the NRA controls the House , ” said the Democratic aide .
“ It ’s that simple .
We ’re in a political environment in which not much can be done because of the levels of power . ”
That ’s bad news for gun control advocates , who are pushing a series of reforms to tighten the nation ’s gun laws .
Aside from reinstating the assault weapons ban , advocates want to force all gun-show vendors , even those unlicensed , to conduct background checks on potential customers to prevent felons and other violent criminals from obtaining weapons — the same requirements currently in place for licensed gun sellers .
A Senate bill , sponsored in the last Congress by Sens. Frank Lautenberg ( D - N.J. ) and Jack Reed ( D - Del. ) , would do just that , but it has n’t resurfaced this year .
Another proposed reform would force gun makers to adopt a new technology that engraves weapons microscopically with their make , model and serial number — information that would be left imprinted on the bullet casing after the gun is fired .
Such a proposal was pushed by Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) and Rep. Xavier Becerra ( D - Calif. ) in the last Congress , but it as well has yet to appear this year .
All three reforms are supported by public service groups , like the International Association of Chiefs of Police , but have been assailed by the gun lobby as initial steps toward an all - out gun ban .
Lawmakers are insisting that gun reform has n’t fallen off their radar , but some gun control advocates are growing impatient .
“ There are a lot of politicians , ” said Doug Pennington , spokesman for the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , “ even in the face of the mass shootings over the past six weeks , who are n’t exactly sure how stiff their backbones are . ”
The debate arrives as a wave of high - profile gun violence has swept across the country in recent weeks .
On March 29 , a heavily armed gunman killed eight in a North Carolina nursing home .
A day later , an IT professional opened fire on his family in Santa Clara , killing six people , including himself .
In Binghampton , N.Y. , on April 3 , a gunman walked into a community center and killed 13 immigrants before turning a gun on himself .
A day later , a 22 - year - old Pittsburgh man barricaded himself in his home with a stash of assault weapons , killing three police officers in the stand - off .
The list goes on .
Michael Bailey , political science professor at Georgetown University , pointed out that , despite the gruesome trend , there simply is n’t the public outcry to inspire Congress to stick their necks out for something as controversial as gun reform .
“ As terrible as these tragedies were , ” Bailey wrote in an email , “ there does n’t seem to be any appetite for thinking about them . ”
Even without the recent spate of gun deaths , the debate would be timely .
Last Thursday marked the two - year anniversary of the shootings at Virginia Tech that left 33 people dead , including the gunman .
And Monday marks the 10 - year anniversary of Colorado ’s Columbine High School massacre , in which two seniors killed 12 students and a teacher before turning the guns on themselves .
In the absence of any federal movement , some state and local lawmakers have emerged in an effort to fill the void .
Last week , New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg visited Virginia to urge state lawmakers to pass a bill closing the so - called “ gun- show loophole . ”
“ Criminals do not have the right to own guns , and the gun shows make it far too easy for them to acquire guns , ” Bloomberg said .
“ In fact , it ’s easier for a criminal to buy a gun at a gun show than it is for a 20 - year - old to buy a beer or for anyone to rent a car . ”
In Pennsylvania , Gov. Ed Rendell ( D ) has thrust himself into the debate as well , pushing last week for lawmakers to take up the assault weapons ban — a prickly topic in a blue - collar state where unlimited gun rights are deemed by many to be sacrosanct .
“ They ’re made for only one purpose , ” Rendell said of assault weapons .
“ Not for sport , not for hunting , nobody uses them in a duck blind , nobody uses them at the Olympics .
They are used to kill and maim . ”
Advocates for gun reforms are quick to concede that the proposed reforms would n’t prevent many of the gun-related deaths that torment the United States .
Only one of the guns used by the Alabama shooter , for example , would have been prohibited under the 1994 assault weapons ban .
Still , they maintain , taking some steps to keep military - grade weapons off the streets — and all weapons out of the hands of violent criminals — would go a long way toward improving safety in a country where firearms kill more than 80 people every day .
“ That ’s not normal , ” Pennington said of the enormous number of domestic gun deaths .
“ We should n’t treat that as just the cost of living in America . ”
* This story has been updated to note the anniversary of the Columbine killings is Monday , not Tuesday .
We regret the error . *
Civil rights have really taken center stage today , yes ?
First , Vermont legalized gay marriage after Governor Jim Douglas vetoed it on Monday .
( An aside : will there be some sort of Ben & Jerry 's party today in the Castro ? )
Then , just this afternoon , Washington D.C. says it will recognize same - sex marriage from other states .
According to the Washington Post :
Domestic partnerships are already legal in the nation 's capital .
But today 's vote , billed as an important milestone in gay rights , explicitly recognizes relocated gay married couples as married .
The initial vote was 12 - 0 .
The unanimous vote sets the stage for future debate on legalizing same - sex marriage in the District and a clash with Congress , which approves the city 's laws under Home Rule .
The council is expected to take a final vote on the legislation next month .
This bill , introduced by D.C. Council member Phil Mendelson ( D ) , stops short of legalizing same - sex marriage in the District .
Of course , it will have to go though the House of Representatives for approval .
This will make for an interesting showdown .
And if today 's vote in D.C. is allowed to stand , they 'll then be like New York state where gay marriage is n't legal , but they will recognize gay marriages from other places .
Congratulations , D.C .
It may be time to dump one of the canards of the technology world - that Macs are safe from viruses .
Earlier this year , reports of a possible Mac attack started appearing but now experts have confirmed that malware targeting Apple is out in the wild - and that it works .
After an initial spot by Intego in January , Symantec researchers Mario Ballano Barcena and Alfredo Pesoli have gone on to examine two Trojans - the snappily - titled OSX .
Iservice and OSX .
Iservice .
B - and describe the way they can insert themselves on Apple machines to set up a botnet .
The malware was apparently hidden inside dodgy copies of iWork and Photoshop that had been planted online , meaning that anyone who downloaded the infected torrent ( which , it has to be noted , is illegal ) could potentially be at risk .
You can't read the actual paper unless you 're a subscriber to Virus Bulletin , but there 's more detail at ZDNet and the Register .
The impact of this discovery ?
That 's debatable : it 's impossible at the moment to discover whether anybody else is infected , and it 's unclear whether these attacks could spread .
Plus it does n't mean that every piece of malware that we see on Windows machines could potentially hook in Apple users too .
But the short term effect , at least , is more straightforward .
It 's time for Apple users to start thinking seriously about malware .
Oh , and it 's perfect flamebait for Windows fans who feel like taking a pop at their mortal enemies .
SAN FRANCISCO – Whether the public has a right to make a " fair use " copy of DVDs is on trial in a San Francisco federal court .
Yet the public may never know whether the verdict was reached fairly because the presiding judge removed the press just as the nuts and bolts of the case was to be aired out .
U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel 's contempt for the media is widely known by the San Francisco tech press .
Patel , a Carter appointee , presided over the Napster trial in one of the smallest courtrooms in the San Francisco federal building – despite unsuccessful press pleas that the high - profile case be moved to a substantially larger courtroom that perpetually sits vacant .
Hence , many reporters were excluded for lack of space .
Fast forward to Friday .
Patel excluded several reporters from the same courtroom in a case testing Hollywood 's lock on the DVD .
The press , including Wired , CNET , Reuters , Bloomberg News Service , The New York Times , PCMAG.com and The Associated Press and other outlets were ordered removed as the guts of the case got underway .
Patel said the code of the Content Scramble System used to encrypt DVDs and prevent their copying was a " trade secret . "
She told the press to scram when a University of California at Davis computer science scholar was called to testify about whether RealNetworks ' DVD copying software circumvented the CSS .
In a case brought by the Motion Picture Association of America , Patel has tentatively blocked distribution of the DVD copying software – known as RealDVD , pending the outcome of a three - day hearing that resumes here Tuesday .
The MPAA says a ruling against the studios would send the wrong message that it 's OK to copy DVDs and would likely lead to feeding frenzy by technology companies to produce the best DVD copying wares .
Still , if the RealDVD software circumvents the CSS encryption , there 's no fair use right to copy DVDs , and Hollywood retains its grip on the DVD .
The Seattle - based technology concern , RealNetworks , claims no circumvention , and that a contract between it and the CSS - license granter – the DVD Copy Control Association – allows for the RealDVD technology .
That said , Patel labeled the CSS a " trade secret " after only a few moments of public discourse .
Greg Sandoval , a gonzo scribe for CNET , stood up and objected to the MPAA 's move for closure .
The judge , however , said she was n't about to waste the court 's time and parse , " bit by bit , " which pieces of the code have been cracked and published on the internet and which parts have not .
So she closed the courtroom , despite every crack and hack of the code having already been slathered on the internet , on shirts and ties .
Let 's not forget about all the underground software programs , free or cheap , that allow for the copying of DVDs .
( Check out Wired.com 's how - to wiki for DVD copying instructions . )
Trial resumes here Tuesday .
Here 's Threat Level 's trial coverage on Friday before we were kicked out .
Photo : spadgy
See Also :
Last week there was a report that corporate insiders were selling at a faster rate that at any time since October , 2007 -- right near the top of the market .
Well , the market 's only raged higher since then and insider selling is only getting more intsense .
The Pragmatic Capitalist has aggregated recent insider transactions .
As you can see from his data collected ( unfortunately the tables wo n't fit here , do click over ) , insider sales dwarf insider buys both in frequency and in volume .
Insiders are selling their stocks in multi-million dollar blocks , while the few buys are much smaller .
If nothing else , it means that a lot of executives probably saw the abyss ( a violent drop from the ranks of the wealthy to poor ) and want to de-risk to ensure that no matter what happens to their stock , they 've taken some skin out of the game .
How We Prepared for a 50 % Pay Cut
Is there such a thing as a secure job in this day and age ?
Even if you are a top performer at your current company , is your position truly safe if a natural disaster can wipe out your company ’s revenue for months at a time ?
The harsh reality is that with the current state of the economy , there ’s always the possibility that you could lose your day job and thus put your household finances in a major pinch .
Sometimes losing your job is voluntary though .
Do you hate your current profession ?
Do you have other priorities ?
There could be more important things in life that require you to quit your day job , even if it means taking on additional financial risk .
How do you prepare if you are facing a 50 % pay cut ?
I want to share with you how Steve , one of our readers , handled it .
Our Story
I discovered that our household income was going to undergo a 50 % pay cut as soon as my wife became pregnant with our child .
Why would a pregnancy cost us 50 % ?
Back when my wife and I got married , we both agreed that it was of the utmost importance for at least one parent to stay at home to raise our child .
And we decided early on that no matter what the cost , we would find some way to make this happen .
This was an easy decision for us to make when we first got married .
But once we both started working and dependent on both of our incomes for survival , quitting the day job all of a sudden seemed like a major sacrifice .
Fortunately , we had some time to plan ahead .
Here are the steps we took to prepare ourselves for the eventual pay cut resulting from my wife quitting her job to stay at home with our child .
We started planning ahead a year and a half before our daughter was born which was roughly when we started trying for a child .
We Started Our Own Small Business
Running the numbers on a spreadsheet , my wife and I came to the unfortunate conclusion that my one paltry salary was not going to cut it in order to live the way we wanted to live .
The main reason for this was because we reside in the Silicon Valley , a ridiculously expensive place to live .
To give you an example , a 2,000 square foot shack in a good school district here can easily cost two million dollars .
Either you can purchase a house in a good school district or you can pay upwards of 12 - 20 k for a private school which is n’t economical unless you only have a single child .
In any case , we knew we needed another income stream so we started a business selling online .
We started our own business for 3 main reasons .
The first and primary reason was that having a small online business could afford my wife the flexibility of working from home while earning some extra money on the side .
Because the store was online , there was very little financial risk involved and there was no need to be physically present at any given location .
The second reason was that there are many tax advantages to running a small business .
Even if our business did n’t earn that much income , we would still be able to write off many of the expenses for items that we needed to buy anyway .
Expensing various purchases and saving money on our taxes had the indirect effect of amplifying our existing income because we could use tax - free dollars to buy things that were required for both the business and home .
A word of caution : Talk to your tax accountant before you take any home expenses as a small business tax deduction .
Many people get into trouble during an audit when they make inappropriate deductions .
The third reason was that my wife and I have always wanted to start our own business .
Tired of working for other people , we wanted to call the shots and be in control of our own destinies for a change .
We Sold Our House
At the time , my wife and I lived in a small townhouse that I had purchased shortly after graduating from college .
I kind of caught the real estate wave at an inopportune time so I had to really stretch myself in order to afford the house .
My mortgage payments were roughly $ 1,800 + $ 250 homeowners dues .
In addition to this , the property tax was about $ 500 a month .
All told , I was paying about $ 2,550 a month to live there .
Selling the house while your wife is pregnant might sound like a drastic decision , but we did so for several reasons .
First of all , the house was on the small side .
We could have lived there with a single child , but space would have been pretty tight .
Second of all , the real estate market was already beginning to deteriorate .
If housing prices were flat , it might have made economic sense to keep the townhouse but given the environment , real estate prices were definitely on a downward path .
Finally , because we were n’t sure whether our online business was going to work out or not , we did n’t want to be tied with a huge financial burden in case we needed the money .
The townhouse was n’t going to be our long term house regardless so we ultimately sold the house for a small profit and rented a larger home for $ 2,200 .
By renting , not only did we save about $ 350 dollars a month but it also allowed us to expense a portion of the rent to reduce our taxes .
We Cut Out Extraneous Expenses
We track all of our expenses using Quicken , personal finance software that allowed us to graph and easily find out where all of our cash was going at the end of the month .
Our highest expense turned out to be from eating out way too much .
The main problem was that my wife and I love eating good food but we ca n’t cook .
We knew that we had to force ourselves to eat at home more but we were n’t quite ready to make a complete sacrifice .
To make eating at home tolerable , we started buying dishes from Chinese restaurants and adding extra ingredients to them to make them last longer .
For example , if we ordered beef and broccoli , we would buy beef and broccoli from the grocery store and stir fry it in .
By adding the same ingredients to a restaurant dish , we were eating tasty Chinese food at a fraction of the cost of going out .
In addition to eating at home more , we also cut back on various entertainment and personal care expenses .
Unlike David though , I drew the line at letting my wife cut my hair .
While his haircut turned out okay , I still think that some things are just worth the money 🙂
The Outcome
By cutting back on all of our expenses across the board , we were able to shave off nearly 30 % of our monthly expenditures .
Meanwhile , our online business started taking off as well .
Within a year after the launch of our online store , our little business was making more profit than my wife ’s previous day job .
Today , my wife happily works at home taking care of our child and we also managed to save a good - sized nest egg in case I lose my job .
Whether I ever lose my job or not , the best part is that no one can fire us from our business .
We are in complete control of our own destiny .
Should You Worry About Getting A Pay Cut ?
The key thing to remember is that no single source of income is completely safe .
At some point , you may lose your job or your priorities may change .
Among my friends , I would say that about 20 % of them have been laid off and are now looking for jobs .
Now ’s the time to start cutting back and saving a nest egg in case of emergencies .
Now ’s the time to establish alternative forms of income in case something happens .
Now ’s the time to take control of your finances because you never know when you will need the extra cushion .
How would you prepare for a 50 % pay cut ?
I can honestly say that I never thought I would have any reason to write about Nadya Suleman , the so - called Octomom , but it appears as this omnipresent , attention - seeking mother of 14 children is aggressively seeking to cash in on giving birth to 8 children just a few months ago .
In order to take full advantage of this situation Suleman has filed two trademark applications with the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
Both applications were filed less than one week ago , on April 10 , 2009 .
The first application , Serial Number 77711827 , is for a standard character mark on “ Octomom , ” which would relate to the entertainment industry and particularly to an on - going , variety television program .
The second application , Serial Number 77711852 , is also for a standard character mark on “ Octomom , ” and relates to dresses , pants , shirts and diapers .
So be on the lookout for Octomom clothing to come to a store near you !
For those of you who do not know who the Octomom is , my question to you is what rock have you been living under ?
Nadya Suleman is all over the place , on TV , in newspapers and magazines and talked about on the radio .
But on the off chance that someone is wondering what this is all about , if you take a few minutes to watch the YouTube clip below , which discusses the situation and her mental health status , you will be all caught up and better able to carry on poinyent water - cooler conversations in virtually any setting .
Trademarks are often classified in categories of generally increasing distinctiveness , namely a trademark can be considered to be ( 1 ) generic ; ( 2 ) descriptive ; ( 3 ) suggestive ; ( 4 ) arbitrary ; or ( 5 ) fanciful .
The latter three categories of trademarks are deemed inherently distinctive and are entitled to trademark protection because their intrinsic nature serves to identify a particular source of a product or service .
In contrast , generic marks cannot be protected because they relate only to a category or classification , such as the term “ food . ”
Similarly , trademarks that are merely descriptive of a product are not inherently distinctive and hence cannot be protected .
However , descriptive marks may acquire the distinctiveness necessary to allow them to be protected .
The Trademark Laws in the United States explain that a descriptive mark that otherwise could not be registered may be registered if it has become sufficiently distinctive .
This acquired distinctiveness is generally called secondary meaning .
So it is said in the industry that when a descriptive trademark has acquired secondary meaning it may then be protected .
Descriptive marks provide less trademark protection because if a term is descriptive it can be used by anyone else selling the same goods or providing the same services .
For example , you could not register as a trademark “ Gas Station ” to be used as a trademark associated with an automobile service station .
Notwithstanding , a trademark that is descriptive in one context may well not be descriptive in another context .
For example , if you wanted to register “ Gas Station ” as a trademark for a restaurant that would sell hot dogs and baked beans , you probably could do so because in that context the term “ Gas Station ” is not descriptive , but would likely be considered suggestive .
It would be suggestive because hot dogs and baked beans can and frequently do give you gas .
So what does this have to do with Nadya Suleman ?
Well , she is a mother who gave birth to 8 children at the same time .
This means she is the mother of octuplets , which further means that the term “ Octomom ” could be considered descriptive with respect to her .
Alternatively , it could be suggestive .
I would say that the term “ Octomom ” as applied to Suleman is probably on the boundary between descriptive and suggestive , some thinking it is one , others thinking it is the other .
If it is descriptive she would have to argue it has attained secondary meaning , which it probably has given that if you say “ Octomom ” everyone is going to likely think of Suleman .
The important thing to notice here is that the next person who gives birth to 8 children will again be the mother of octuplets , and may want to refer to herself as an “ Octomom . ”
This is a dangerous situation for an owner of a trademark .
If and when the trademark becomes used to describe a thing then the trademark loses any legal rights .
This has famously happened to “ trampoline ” , “ aspirin ” and “ escalator ” to name but a few trademarks lost because the trademark name became synonymous with the thing it was supposed to represent .
I am admittedly making something out of nothing here , to some extent at least , because the trademark applications filed are not seeking to attach the “ Octomom ” label to Suleman , but rather seeking to attach it to a line of clothing and to a television program .
Perhaps this was by design and with full knowledge that trying to trademark “ Octomom ” as representative of Suleman personally could be problematic .
The bigger problem , however , for Suleman may be that others will try and capitalize on the Octo-crazy .
At least one other applicant has filed for trademark protection for the term “ Octomom . ” Super Happy Fun Fun , Inc. filed for trademark protection on March 12 , 2009 ( Serial Number 77689864 ) for products relating to computer games , toys , action figures , puzzles and more !
So be on the lookout for “ Octomom ” games and more at a toy store near you !
My name is Sean Tevis [ photo ] .
I 'm an Information Architect in Kansas running for State Representative .
I am a Democrat .
In 2008 I decided to run for office .
This is my story since election day .
I 'm committed to making open government a reality and I 'm going to win in 2010 .
What Sean Tevis believes ...
Sean Tevis believes that the culture wars have weakened America .
They are intractable arguments that can not be won with reason .
When two rational people cannot talk plainly about the problems we all face , then our capacity for working together is diminished .
The only winner of the culture wars is fear itself .
Sean Tevis believes in Open Government .
For decades , newspapers were the watchdog that sought out and investigated corruption , back room deals , and injustices .
As online media overwhelms the business model that kept newspapers profitable , the opportunity for corruption and back room deals increases .
Many people say that bloggers will fill this void , but they cannot because they do n't have the resources to do in - depth investigation .
By requiring new , innovative publishing standards for the government , referred to as Open Government , state administration is opened to effective public scrutiny and oversight .
Trust is restored by opening up all the processes of governance .
Reasoned discourse is encouraged by operating from the same set of information .
Sean Tevis believes in the power of collaboration .
No single politician , no matter how wise , knowledgeable , compassionate , or fair , has the answers to solve every problem .
But together we do .
By asking you what needs to be fixed , created , or stopped we pool the collective wisdom and knowledge to solve the problems we face .
Sean Tevis does not accept lobbyist donations .
People talk about the destructive influence of lobbyists and he has taken the difficult path or rejecting their money that comes with strings attached .
He needs you to succeed .
Please help today and make a real difference in this revolutionary approach to improve the lives of millions and make America strong .
Copyright assignment and other barriers to entry
1:04 am
Dave Neary
Daniel Chalef and Matthew Aslett responded to my suggestion at OSBC that copyright assignment was unnecessary , and potentially harmful , to building a core community around your project .
Daniel wrote that he even got the impression that I thought requesting copyright assignment was “ somewhat evil ” .
This seems like a good opportunity for me to clarify exactly what I think about copyright assignment for free software projects .
First : copyright assignment is usually unnecessary .
Most of the most vibrant and diverse communities around do not have copyright assignment in place .
GIMP , GNOME , KDE , Inkscape , Scribus and the Linux kernel all get along just fine without requesting copyright assignment ( joint or otherwise ) from new contributors .
There are some reasons why copyright assignment might be useful , and Matthew mentions them .
Relicencing your software is easier when you own everything , and extremely difficult if you do n’t .
Defending copyright infringement is potentially easier if there is a single copyright holder .
The Linux kernel is pretty much set as GPL v2 , because even creating a list of all of the copyright holders would be problematic .
Getting their agreement to change licence would be nigh on impossible .
Not quite 100 % impossible , though , as Mozilla has shown .
The relicencing effort of Mozilla took considerable time and resources , and I ’m sure the people involved would be delighted not to have needed to go through it .
But it is possible .
There is another reason proponents say that a JCA is useful : client indemnification .
I happen to think that this is a straw man .
Enterprise has embraced Linux , GNOME , Apache and any number of other projects without the need for indemnification .
And those clients who do need indemnification can get it from companies like IBM , Sun , Red Hat and others .
Owning all the copyright might give more credibility to your client indemnification , but it ’s certainly not necessary .
There is a conflation of issues going on with customer indemnification too .
What is more important than the ownership of the code is the origin of the code .
I would certainly agree that projects should follow decent due dilligence procedures to ensure that a submission is the submitter ’s own work , and that he has the right or permission to submit the code under your project ’s licence .
But this is independent of copyright assignment .
Daniel mentions Mozilla as an example of a non -vendor - led - project requiring copyright assignment – he is mistaken .
The Mozilla Committer ’s Agreement ( pdf ) requires a new committer to do due dilligence on the origin of code he contributes , and not commit code which he is not authorised to do .
But they do not require joint copyright assignment .
Also note when the agreement gets signed – not on your first patch , but when you are becoming a core committer – when you are getting right to the top of the Mozilla food chain .
Second : Copyright assignment is potentially harmful .
It is right and proper that a new contributor to your project jump through some hoops to learn the ways of the community .
Communities are layered according to involvement , and the trust which they earn through their involvement .
You do n’t give the keys to the office to a new employee on day one .
What you do on day one is show someone around , introduce them to everyone , let them know what the values of your community are .
Now , what does someone learn about the values of your community if , once they have gone to the effort to modify the software to add a new feature , had their patch reviewed by your committers and met your coding standards , the very next thing you do is send them a legal form that they need to print , sign , and return ( and incidentally , agree with ) before you will integrate their code in your project ?
The hoops that people should be made to jump through are cultural and technical .
Learn the tone , meet the core members , learn how to use the tools , the coding conventions , and familiarise yourself with the vision of the community .
The role of community members at this stage is to welcome and teach .
The equivalent of showing someone around on the first day .
Every additional difficulty which a new contributor experiences is an additional reason for him to not stick around .
If someone does n’t make the effort to familiarise himself with your community processes and tools , then it ’s probably not a big deal if he leaves – he was n’t a good match for the project .
But if someone walks away for another reason , something that you could change , something that you can do away with without changing the nature of the community , then that ’s a loss .
Among the most common superfluous barriers to entry that you find in free software projects are complicated build systems or uncommon tools , long delays in having questions answered and patches reviewed , and unnecessary bureaucracy around contributing .
A JCA fits squarely into that third category .
In a word , the core principle is :
To build a vibrant core developer community independent of your company , have as few barriers to contributing as possible .
There is another issue at play here , one which might not be welcomed by the vendors driving the communities where I think a JCA requirement does the most harm .
That issue is trust .
One of the things I said at OSBC during my presentation is that companies are n’t community members – their employees might be .
Communities are made up of people , individual personalities , quirks , beliefs .
While we often assign human characteristics to companies , companies do n’t believe .
They do n’t have morals .
The personality of a company can change with the board of directors .
Luis Villa once wrote “ what if the corporate winds change ? …
At that point , all the community has is the license , and [ the company ] ’s licensing choices …
When [ the company ] actually trusts communities , and signals as such by treating the community as equals [… ] then the community should ( and I think will ) trust them back .
But not until then . ”
Luis touches on an important point .
Trust is the currency we live & die by .
And companies earn trust by the licencing choices they make .
The Apache Foundation , Python Software Foundation and Free Software Foundation are community - run non-profits .
As well as their licence choices , we also have their by - laws , their membership rules and their history .
They are trusted entities .
In a fundamental way , assigning or sharing copyright with a non-profit with a healthy governance structure is different from sharing copyright with a company .
There are many cases of companies taking community code and forking commercial versions off it , keeping some code just for themselves .
Trolltech , SugarCRM and Digium notably release a commercial version which is different from their GPL edition ( Update : Several people have written in to tell me that this is no longer the case with Trolltech , since they were bought by Nokia and QT was relicenced under the LGPL – it appeared that people felt clarification was necessary , although the original point stands – Trolltech did sell a commercial QT different from their GPL “ community ” edition ) .
There are even cases of companies withdrawing from the community completely and forking commercial - only versions of software which had previously released under the GPL .
A recent example is Novell ‘s sale of Netmail to Messaging Architects , resulting in the creation of the Bongo project , forked off the last GPL release available .
In 2001 , Sunspire ( since defunct ) decided to release future versions of Tuxracer as a commercial game , resulting in the creation of Planet Penguin Racer , among others , off the last GPL version .
Xara dipped their toes releasing most of their core product under the GPL , but decided after a few years that the experiment had failed .
Xara Xtreme continues with a community effort to port the rendering engine to Cairo , but to my knowledge , no - one from Xara is working on that effort .
Examples like these show that companies can not be trusted to continue developing the software indefinitely as free software .
So as an external developer being asked to sign a JCA , you have to ask yourself the question whether you are prepared to allow the company driving the project the ability to build a commercial product with your code in there .
At best , that question constitutes another barrier to entry .
At OSBC , I was pointing out some of the down sides of choices that people are making without even questioning them .
JCAs are good for some things , but bad at building a big developer community .
What I always say is that you first need to know what you want from your community , and set up the rules appropriately .
Nothing is inherently evil in this area , and of course the copyright holder has the right to set the rules of the game .
What is important is to be aware of the trade - offs which come from those choices .
To summarise where I stand , copyright assignment or sharing agreements are usually unnecessary , potentially harmful if you are trying to build a vibrant core developer community , by making bureaucracy and the trust of your company core issues for new contributors .
There are situations where a JCA is merited , but this comes at a cost , in terms of the number of external contributors you will attract .
Updates :
Most of the comments tended to concentrate on two things which I had said , but not emphasised enough .
I have tried to clarify slightly where appropriate in the text .
First , Trolltech used to distribute a commercial and community edition of QT which were different , but as the QT Software Group in Nokia , this is no longer the case ( showing that licencing can change after an acquisition ( for the better ) , as it happens .
Second , assigning copyright to a non -profit is , I think , a less controversial proposition for most people because of the extra trust afforded to non-profits through their by - laws , governance structure and not - for - profit status .
And it is worth pointing out that KDE eV has a voluntary joint copyright assignment for contributors that they encourage people to sign – Aaron Seigo pointed this out .
I think it ’s a neat way to make future relicencing easier without adding the initial barrier to entry .
The Obama Administration made an exciting announcement today regarding Obama 's vision for a new era of high - speed rail for U.S. travelers .
Obama 's Strategic Plan will rebuild existing rail infrastructure and develop a comprehensive high - speed intercity passenger rail network through a long - term commitment at both the federal and state levels .
This plan draws from successful highway and aviation development models with a 21st century solution that focuses on clean , energy - efficient rail transportation .
The plan will use $ 8 billion provided by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ( PDF ) and $ 1 billion a year for five years requested in the federal budget as a down payment to jump - start the passenger rail system and set the direction of transportation policy for the future .
The strategic plan will be followed by detailed guidance for state and local applicants .
By late summer , the Federal Railroad Administration will begin awarding the first round of grants .
The California Corridor will connect the following cities : San Francisco Bay Area ( San Francisco , San Jose and Oakland ) , Sacramento , Merced , Bakersfield , Los Angeles , Anaheim , and San Diego .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Army apologized on Wednesday for sending 7,000 letters addressed to “ Dear John Doe ” to the relatives of U.S. soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The letters , printed by a contractor and mailed in December , were intended to inform family members about private organizations that offer assistance to those who have lost relatives in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom .
The Army said the letters should have contained specific salutations and addresses , instead of the anonymous greeting .
It blamed a printing error for the mix -up .
“ The U.S. Army is apologizing , ” the armed service said in a statement .
Gen . George Casey , the Army chief of staff , will send a personal letter to each person who received improperly addressed correspondence , the Army said .
The U.S. Army Human Resources Command ’s Casualty and Mortuary Affairs Center , which issued the letters , formally apologized on Wednesday .
“ There are no words to adequately apologize for this mistake , or for the hurt it may have caused , ” said Brig .
Gen. Reuben Jones , the Army ’s adjutant general .
“ It is important the original intent of the letter is not lost .
The organizations mentioned are dedicated to honoring loved ones and recognizing their sacrifice and commitment . ”
About 4,224 U.S. service members have died in Iraq since the U.S. - led invasion in March 2003 .
Another 627 have died in Operation Enduring Freedom , which includes military operations in Afghanistan as well as other countries in Africa , Asia and the Middle East .
They found that 65 per cent of Facebook users accessed their account daily , usually checking it several times to see if they had received new messages .
The amount of time spent on Facebook at each login varied from just a few minutes to more than an hour .
Exclusive to STR
April 20 , 2009
Exact dates of collapse are impossible to predict .
But one of the best known facts about empires is that they do collapse .
No exceptions .
~ Dmitri Davydov
The best sign at my hometown " tea party " was a giant banner that spelled out in huge letters : $ 12,000,000,000,000 .
It took at least ten people standing in a long line along the highway to hold it .
The 12 trillion number is new federal obligations assumed since the economy began to unravel in 2008 .
It 's enough money to pay off nearly every home mortgage in America .
Here 's another number for you : $ 101 trillion .
That 's the amount of unfunded Medicare and Social Security liabilities going forward through the end of the boomer retirement ( 1 ) .
Well before the economic crisis was in full swing , Russian blogger Dmitri Davydov put together a presentation about the similarities between the USA now and the USSR as it neared its end .
Here were three distinct similarities he cited :
1 . Out of control military budgets .
2 . Unsustainable deficits and foreign debt .
3 . A balky , unresponsive , corrupt political system , incapable of reform .
I 'd add two more parallels between the USA now and the Soviet Union then .
4. Rampant government interference in the market economy , causing tremendous pricing and investment errors .
5 . A shockingly expensive , unwinnable war in Afghanistan .
In 1985 , America viewed the Soviet Union as a frightening , formidable villain .
That summer , Chevy Chase accidentally started WW3 with a Soviet missile in Spies Like Us .
That fall , Soviet monster Ivan Drago killed Apollo Creed with an iron - fisted right hook in Rocky IV .
The year prior , Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen went guerrilla on the conquering communists in Red Dawn , and the year before that Matthew Broderick came within seconds of torching the earth in Wargames .
We were n't aware of it , but by the time Rocky and Drago got into the ring , the countdown to the end of the USSR had already begun .
A few months before Rocky IV was released , Sheikh Ahmed Zaki Yamani altered Saudi oil production , turning the Soviet oil machine from a profitable enterprise to a losing one .
That same year the Seven Party Mujahideen Alliance formed in Afghanistan .
They would soon drive out the mighty Soviet army .
Bleeding heavily from oil losses and a bloated military , the Soviet government went deep into debt from 1985 to 1988 .
By 1989 , all available funds were gone .
No investor on earth thought it was safe to lend money to Moscow .
At the same time , the dawning of the information age made it increasingly difficult for the central state to prevent outside news from seeping in .
Soviet citizens were learning for the first time that the rest of the world was n't destitute like they were .
Pope John Paul II fueled the fire by challenging Catholics in the republics to put God before Gorbachev .
As Moscow ran out of funds , it could no longer contain the resentment that had been brewing in the republics .
The entire empire came crashing down in a matter of weeks .
Let 's review those parallels between the American empire and the Soviets .
1 . Out of control military budgets .
2 . Unsustainable deficits and foreign debt .
3 . A balky , unresponsive , corrupt political system , incapable of reform
4. Rampant government interference in the market economy , causing tremendous pricing and investment errors .
5 . A shockingly expensive , unwinnable war in Afghanistan .
Those five points bankrupted Moscow .
They 've bankrupted Washington too .
But in order to collapse , the bankrupt central state first had to be abandoned by localities who resented the central authority .
In early 1990 , Lithuania held a giant independence rally .
250,000 people assembled to express their anger at Moscow .
I drove to my local tea party last Wednesday more to check it out than to participate .
I strongly expected to be disappointed .
And while there were lots of people in attendance who did n't get it ( one guy had a sign that read " Tax All Imports " ) , the huge crowd was mostly united in a common message : Washington is out of control and must be stopped .
This is from The Dallas Morning News last week : Rick Perry Does n't Rule Out Texas Secession :
Texas Gov. Rick Perry fired up an anti-tax " tea party " Wednesday with his stance against the federal government and for states ' rights as some in his audience shouted , " Secede ! " " If Washington continues to thumb their nose at the American people , you know , who knows what might come out of that .
But Texas is a very unique place , and we 're a pretty independent lot to boot . "
He said when Texas entered the union in 1845 it was with the understanding it could pull out .
Between the communists parachuting onto the high school in Red Dawn and the neighborhood getting vaporized in The Day After , my elementary school classmates and I were convinced the Soviets would invade and kill us all before we made it to our next summer vacation .
Before we got out of middle school , Gorbachev had resigned and the Soviet flag was lowered for the last time over the Kremlin .
It can happen that fast .
Americans have become so accustomed to stability that , even as the future shouts at us with crystal clarity , we refuse to listen .
Our government has assumed more debt in the past seven months than can possibly be repaid , and that is before accounting for its existing Social Security and Medicare obligations .
Hundreds of thousands of ordinary Americans can't fathom how we might be unearthed from this massive debt , and they are taking their concerns to the street .
Thirty - two states have passed " sovereignty statements " in their legislatures .
The governor of Texas is speaking openly of secession .
How has the media responded ?
Mockery , ridicule , an adolescent meme about " tea bagging . "
And Washington ?
" The White House says the president is unaware of the tea parties and will hold his own event today , " said Dan Harris of ABC News on April 15 .
One senses that the existing power structure knows something is up , but intends to go on with life in confidence that this will all sort itself out .
Maybe it will .
Maybe the empire has a few gasps left in its lungs and today 's events are merely the beginning of a long , slow decline .
Or maybe it will completely unravel within six years .
It 's happened before , and while the transition was full of pain for the people involved , their world is undeniably better now than it was then .
There is a reason that empires always collapse .
So , here 's hoping for the triumphant return of The Republic of Texas !
Stewart Browne is the initiator of Scarecrow For President , a project that encourages libertarians not to vote .
Stewart Browne Archive
It Can Happen Here .
It Might Be Happening Now .
by Stewart Browne
When the dust cleared from last year 's 700M Hz spectrum auction , Verizon was the biggest winner .
The telecom shelled out billions of dollars in order to lay claim to a swath of spectrum covering the whole nation .
Over a year later and just a couple of months shy of analog television broadcasts relinquishing the spectrum , Verizon is promising to put its 700M Hz holdings to good use by bringing wireless broadband to rural markets .
Speaking at the CTIA Wireless 2009 tradeshow in Las Vegas on Wednesday , Verizon SVP and CTO Tony Melone promised that its 700M Hz spectrum holdings will be used to deliver the 4G goods to areas the company has yet to reach with its 3G network .
" [ W ]e plan to roll out LTE throughout the entire country , including places where we do n't offer our CDMA cell phone service today , " Melone told Cnet at CTIA .
Verizon has been one of LTE 's biggest backers — along with AT&T — as the standard moves towards ratification and then deployment .
Verizon promises that LTE will be available in at least two US cities on a trial basis by the end of the year .
The company plans to make the 4G tech available in an additional 25 to 30 markets during 2010 .
Blanketing major metropolitan areas with LTE is well and good , but the biggest broadband need in the US is getting it to underserved rural areas .
It 's a focus of the recently - passed economic stimulus package , and former FCC Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein will be overseeing rural broadband development in his new role as the head of the USDA 's Rural Utilities Service .
The RUS will have $ 2.5 billion to spend on rural broadband deployment , with stimulus money doled out to projects focused on building out broadband infrastructure in areas that are at least 75 percent rural .
Laying physical infrastructure is costly , however .
It 's one thing to wire a new suburban subdivision with fiber , as Verizon has done in numerous communities within its FiOS footprint .
It 's quite another to run wiring to homes and businesses in sparsely populated areas .
4G is a real alternative to wired broadband technologies like DSL , cable , and broadband - over - powerline , as it promises significantly higher speeds than current 3G tech .
LTE provides a pool of 50 Mbps to 100 M bps to be shared by users in an individual cell , which Verizon says will translate into 5 M bps to 10 Mbps of downstream bandwidth for individual users .
LTE 's foe is WiMAX , backed primarily by Sprint in the US , and a handful of other providers worldwide .
WiMAX maxes out at 12 M bps for individual users , but Sprint and ClearWire subscribers will likely see speeds in the 2 - 4 M bps range .
The primary advantage WiMAX has over LTE is that it 's here now — well , sort of .
It 's currently available in Portland , Oregon and Baltimore , with a whole slew of metropolitan areas scheduled to be covered by the end of the year .
Of course , a few of those cities — including Chicago — were supposed to be serviced by WiMAX at this point in 2008 .
But cellular deployments are often delayed , and it may be that Verizon is overly optimistic about having LTE deployments up and running over the next twelve months .
No matter which technology wins out — and an executive at former WiMAX supporter Nokia recently dissed WiMAX by comparing it to Betamax — it 's going to be at least a couple of years before most rural US residents will be served by one 4G technology or the other .
Listing image by Eric Bangeman
The couple were refused permission to appeal a High Court ruling
The parents of a seriously ill baby have said they are " deeply distressed " by a court ruling allowing him to die .
They said they planned to " enjoy what little time " they had left with their " beautiful and beloved boy " .
He has a rare metabolic disorder and has suffered brain damage and major respiratory failure .
The parents failed to overturn an earlier ruling and it is understood doctors will stop treating the nine - month - old within 24 hours .
" Belief in his humanity " was the reason they had fought the medical advice that he should be allowed to die , they said .
' Life is worthwhile '
Two appeal judges have upheld a High Court ruling which gives doctors at an unnamed NHS trust powers to turn off the ventilator keeping " baby OT " alive .
There is no further avenue of appeal for the parents .
The couple had sought to appeal against a judge 's ruling on Thursday that it was in the boy 's best interests to withdraw his " life sustaining treatment " .
There comes a point towards the end of our life when treatment becomes futile
Peter Smith
Catholic Archbishop of Cardiff
In a statement , they said they knew of only one other child with their son's condition and everyone was in " unknown territory " .
" We are and always will be convinced that despite his desperate problems his life is worthwhile and is worth preserving as long as it is possible to do so without causing him undue pain .
" That was the real argument between us and the doctors - they think his life is intolerable and that his disability is such that his life has little purpose ; but we , along with some of the nurses , believed that he experiences pleasure and that he has long periods where he was relaxed and pain free .
' Deepest sympathy '
" Our belief in his humanity and inherent worth justified us taking every step to support him . "
" Despite all the problems and creeping mistrust " between them and the medical team , the couple said they " remain enormously grateful to the National Health Service for the huge effort and massive cost that has been involved in OT 's battle for life " .
The Court of Appeal judges refused the couple permission to challenge a decision by Mrs Justice Parker made after a 10 - day hearing .
Neither the baby , the trust involved in the case , nor the parents - Mr and Mrs T - can be identified .
The moral view is , that a patient or those acting on behalf of a patient can say , let nature take its course
Peter Smith
Catholic Archbishop of Cardiff Lord Justice
Ward was told the couple had decided to wait outside the courtroom while the ruling was given as they could not face hearing the decision .
He said he would like to have addressed them personally and asked their lawyers to pass on the message that it was impossible not to feel the " deepest sympathy for their predicament " .
The NHS trust had argued that the boy was suffering intolerable pain as a result of his treatment and condition and had no prospect of recovery .
Lord Justice Ward and Lord Justice Wilson said they would give the reasons for their decision at a later date .
Radical disagreement Raanan Gillon , professor of medical ethics at Imperial College London , said everyone involved took the right course of action .
He told the BBC : " Rather than , as in the old days , the doctors would simply have said ' well , we know best and we withdraw the treatment ' , presumably they have tried hard to discuss and come to agreement about what 's in the child 's best interests .
" But given the lack of agreement they did the right thing , it 's now the normal thing to do , which is to go to the courts - society 's referee , as it were - to say look , we both want the best for this child , but we disagree radically about what 's in the child 's interest ... it 's your role to make a decision , and that 's what 's happened . "
And Peter Smith , the Catholic Archbishop of Cardiff , believes the court 's decision was a moral one .
He told the BBC : " There comes a point towards the end of our life when treatment becomes futile or incredibly burdensome , and causes suffering .
" At that point then , the church 's view on that , the moral view is , that a patient or those acting on behalf of a patient can say , let nature take its course . "
' Most awful feeling '
There have been relatively few similar cases in recent years .
In March 2005 a High Court judge ruled a 19 - month - old boy , known as Baby MB , could be kept alive despite doctors telling a hearing his quality of life was so poor he should be allowed to die .
In that case the baby could not breathe unaided , swallow or chew but did not suffer from brain damage .
The judge at the time said Baby MB was not unconscious and was capable of bonding with his family .
In February 2006 a judge ruled doctors would not have to resuscitate toddler Charlotte Wyatt , from Portsmouth , who was born prematurely with severe brain and lung damage .
In another case a six - year - old girl with an incurable brain disorder died before her case went to court .
Amber Hartland from Cwmbran , Torfaen , suffered from Infantile Tay - Sachs , which left her almost completely paralysed .
Doctors had told her parents she would not be admitted to intensive care again and a judge would have to decide on her future care .
Ruth Winston - Jones went through a similar experience five years ago with her son , Luke , who was born with a genetic disorder called Edward 's syndrome .
She too went through a legal battle but Luke died after High Court judges ruled that doctors could withhold mechanical ventilation .
" It 's just the most awful feeling that anyone can imagine , " said Ms Winston - Jones , from north Wales .
" The pain is the worst pain anyone can ever imagine .
I worshipped and adored Luke and I 've never had any more children since . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If someone tells a Politico reporter that the sky is green , will it be regurgitated reported on without comment ?
Apparently so :
" This is a defining moment , and there is overwhelming empathy with folks who are scared to death about the direction this country is going , " Sen .
Saxby Chambliss ( R - Ga. ) told POLITICO .
" All of a sudden , you have the president taking over General Motors , the president taking over the financial industry and now the health care industry ?
I think there will be even a larger outcry coming from our constituents at the ballot box next time . "
First , on the country 's direction :
The number of Americans who believe that the nation is headed in the right direction has roughly tripled since Barack Obama 's election ...
And there will be " even a larger outcry ... at the ballot box " ?
Even louder than the Democrats winning the White House and increasing their majorities in both the House and the Senate ?
Too bad there was n't a reporter present to ask Chambliss if that 's what he meant .
ADL - America 's Most Powerful Hate Group
http://members.aol.com/AxCurtis/adl.htm
The Anti-Defamation League is the longest running and most powerful hate group in the United States with 28 offices domestically and 3 offices abroad .
They bring in nearly $ 60 million a year to combat free speech and the right of ethnic minorities to defend themselves from bigotry ( including Black Muslims , Arabs , and Euro - Americans ) .
[ Sabe Note - Add the hit hate lists they prepared for FBi Louis Freeh who was in bed with KGB in own department and in Russia ]
The Anti-Defamation League was created in 1913 by the racist secret society known as B'nai B'rith ( which means " blood of the Chosen " ) .
This organization , which exists today excludes people based on their ethnic background and religion .
It is exclusively restricted to powerful Jews who believe in racial superiority .
The ADL has spearheaded efforts at censorship against all people who wish to express themselves culturally and racially .
The Director of the ADL Richard Gutstadt wrote to all periodicals he could find to censor the book , " The Conquest of A Continent . "
Mr Gutstadt brazenly writes , " We are interested in stifling the sale of this book . "
The ADL was also instrumental in terrorizing St. Martin's Press into canceling their contract last year with David Irving .
The ADL trys to cover its anti-free speech activities by giving out a Free Speech " Torch of Liberty " award occasionally .
The most prominent recipient is flesh peddler and woman denigrator Hugh Hefner .
Obscene pornographer Larry Flynt is another supporter who has contributed 100,000s of dollars to the ADL .
ADL 's Criminal and Spying Operations
In 1993 the San Francisco and Los Angeles offices of the ADL were raided for evidence of criminal wrongdoing in many spheres .
The raids turned up evidence of the ADL 's compliance in the theft of confidential police files stolen from California police departments .
The ADL had been paying Roy Bullock a salary for decades to spy on people and steal police files .
He stole files from SFPD through corrupt cop Tom Gerard .
His illicit contact in San Diego was white racist sheriff Tim Carroll .
The ADL has been linked closely to organized crime , especially Las Vegas mafia boss Meyer Lansky .
[ Lansky paid for bullet that hit JFK and RFK ........ he and Carlos Marcellos ...... the Larry Flynt connection to ADL is " very interesting but you see he owed the mob money ..... " .
Theodore Silbert worked simultaneously for the ADL and the Sterling National Bank ( a mafia operation controlled by the Lansky syndicate ) .
As a matter of fact the granddaughter of the mafia boss , Lansky , herself is the ADL 's liason to law enforcement , Mira Lansky Boland .
( What a convient arrangement !
She used ADL money to treat Tim Carroll and Tom Gerard to an all - expense paid luxury vacation in Israel . )
Another Las Vegas gangster , Moe Dalitz was honored by the ADL in 1985 .
Another among the shady contributors to the ADL 's supremacist activities is the Milken Family Fund , of " junk bond " fame .
The ADL uses its well - oiled propaganda machine to protect their " friends " in the mafia and pornography industry by shrieking " Anti-Semitism !!!!! " at the slightest movement of the law against these perverse interests .
ADL 's Ethnic Intimidation
The ADL has mastered the art of intimidation and blackmailing unlike any of the powerful mafias they are associated with .
The ADL has influential contacts in media and politics that can ruin a person or business if they do n't follow ADL 's agenda .
Already mentioned are instances of bad cops falling under the allure of the ADL , ones such as Tom Gerard and Tim Carroll .
Yet now good cops and even freshmen cops are being " conditioned " for the type of anti-free speech , anti-cultural diversity , police state that the ADL would like for our country .
Throughout the nation the ADL is threatening police departments with all kinds of retribution if they do n't initiate state - funded lectures and seminars for law enforcement given by ADL spokesmen .
The ADL rakes in large sums of money for these sessions , boosting their already overflowing coffers .
Already ADL men have been seen at the scene of crimes ordering cops on how investigations are to be conducted .
Perhaps at no time in history has any other criminal organization , such as the ADL , been able to infiltrate and influence law enforcement to such an extent , and its tenacles are growing .
Freshmen sheriffs in San Diego are now being personally " trained " to respond to " crimes " by the Southwestern Director of the ADL , Morris Casuto .
The most alarming part of this horrible story is ...
The ADL is a very powerful , secretive racial / religious supremacist organization , with substantial ties to the underworld of crime and pornography .
To burrow their way into the minds of children the ADL has created the " World of Difference " program designed to cause self - hatred in young children and to persuede them to go against their own people and heritage .
Children are taught that homosexuality and interracial affairs are virtues , great epiphanies to be experienced .
In a report to its few , but wealthy supporters in 1995 , ADL boasts that it has reached more than ten million students and more are ready to be indoctrinated .
The ADL hopes to make children susceptible to the world of crime and vice they and their criminal associates have in store for America .
Rogues Gallery of The Criminal ADL Abe Foxman [ Foxman is one who took bribe from Marc Rich and yes , they kept this money over $ 250,000 - ]
The ADL 's head and master of espionage .
Roy Bullock
The ADL 's paid informant who rummaged through trash for decades for the ADL , until he was given the sensitive position of being the conduit for stolen police files coming from the San Francisco Police Department by way of Tom Gerard .
He was paid $ 550 per week for his services .
Also an associate of racist sheriff Tim Carroll .
His existance was discovered after the FBI raids on ADL offices in 1993 and resulted in the publicizing of 750 pages of information on the spying operations of the
ADL .
Tom Gerard
San Francisco Police
Officer who stole sensitive , confidential files from his agency and gave them to Roy Bullock to assist ADL 's spying operations on Americans .
Among files stolen were ones on the Black Muslims , Arabs and right - wing organizations that were in any way critical of ADL .
Received an all - expense paid luxury vacation in Israel , courtesy of the
ADL .
Tim Carroll
Racist ex-detective in San Diego's Sheriff Department .
Remarked in 1993 that he would like to see " all illegal aliens shot " and " all the n** gers sent back to Africa on a banana boat . "
An associate of both Roy Bullock and Tom Gerard .
He mysteriously retired from the Sheriff 's Department after the raids on the ADL offices at the early age of 54 .
Also received an all - expense paid luxury vacation in Israel , courtesy of the ADL .
Despite his overtly racist nature , he was put in charge of security at the ADL's National Convention in September , 1997 using strong - arm tactics against participants and visitors .
This is interesting considering it was his bumbling confessions to an investigator that led to the raids on the ADL .
Mira Lansky Boland
The " law - enforcement liasion " for the ADL .
She arranged luxurious trips to Israel for certain key police officers who could have something to offer the ADL in return .
Among these were file thief Tom Gerard and racist Tim Carroll .
She is uniquely positioned in that she is the granddaughter of Meyer Lansky , one of the most powerful mafia figures in US history .
Hugh Hefner
Famous pornographer who was honored by the ADL with its ridiculous " Torch of Freedom " award .
From him proceeds protection for all pornography in this country , which is and has always been associated with vice elements like the mob and ADL .
Larry Flynt
This pornographer is a major contributor to the ADL of 100,000s of dollars .
He has been jailed often for " obscene pornography " and the general hideous defiling of women in his Hustler magazine ( whose description is beyond the limits allowed on an AOL web page ) .
[ also front for mob - Gambino Family , and Lansky ordered the hit on this creep - Saba Note ]
Theodore Silbert
Mob associate of Meyer Lansky , employee of the ADL and mafia front " Sterling Bank . "
Was simultaneously the CEO of " Sterling Bank " and National Commisioner of the ADL .
Moe Dalitz
Las Vegas mob figure and close associate of Meyer Lansky who was honored by the ADL in 1985 .
Milken Family Fund
Billion dollar fund that has given extensively to the ADL , the money of which was made in the " junk bond " scandals .
Morris Casuto
Southwestern Director of the ADL who personally trains freshmen law enforcement to do the bidding of him and his criminally indicted organization .
Morris Casuto is also close friends with racist Tim Carroll .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , April 3 , 2009 Friday , April 3 , 2009
Despite the fact that the term “ new world order ” was mentioned in connection with the G20 this week hundreds of times by both global leaders and in news reports , it is still regarded as a “ conspiracy theory ” by that bastion of truthiness , Wikipedia .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown himself yesterday announced that the G20 heralded the creation of a “ new world order ” which would involve increased global regulation of economic markets .
A Google News search provides well over a thousand results of reports including the term “ new world order ” over the past couple of weeks .
Despite the fact that world leaders have been talking about a “ new world order ” for decades , in the context of the political agenda to diminish the power of sovereign states in favor of a move towards global governance , it was still regarded as a delusion of paranoid conspiracy theorists by the establishment media until relatively recently .
Now even Fox News and Sean Hannity are throwing their arms in the air and admitting that the “ conspiracy theorists were right ” as the agenda for global government is openly announced .
However , the online encyclopedia Wikipedia , which is notorious for being completely infested with maniacally obsessive trolls , crooked insiders , and establishment apologists , claims that in its warped version of reality , the “ new world order ” as a sinister concept is still a nebulous conspiracy theory .
New World Order : So-called “ conspiracy theorists ” had to endure decades of ridicule for daring to claim such a political agenda existed – now it ’s openly discussed in every major news outlet .
But according to Wikipedia , it ’s still a “ conspiracy theory ” .
Wikipedia attempts to make the differentiation by claiming that the new world order in the context of a sinister , undemocratic , and ultimately totalitarian political agenda , is a characterization embraced only by paranoid conspiracy theorists .
Presumably , Wikipedia is only willing to accept the fact that an agenda to create a new world order exists if that new world order equates to a happy , loving , positive move , where world bankers and global elitists really have the best interests of all of us at heart .
Forgive us for being somewhat skeptical of that conclusion .
In reality , as we have exhaustively documented , the new world order has nothing to do with saving the world and everything to do with centralizing power and control into the hands of a gaggle of criminal globalists who are concerned about nothing other than increasing their domination over the planet – at the expense of the rest of the population .
The new world order is totalitarian by its very nature – shifting power away from sovereign countries to global institutions which have no accountability to the general public whatsoever , and through which the public has no voice or influence .
That can not be defined as anything else but undemocratic .
There is no such thing as a “ benign ” new world order .
[ efoods ]
This very agenda was again enunciated this week by World Bank President and and Bilderberg elitist Robert Zoellick , who openly admitted the plan to eliminate national sovereignty and impose a global government during a speech on the eve of the G20 summit .
Speaking about the agenda to increase not just funding but power for international organizations on the back of the financial crisis , Zoellick stated , “ If leaders are serious about creating new global responsibilities or governance , let them start by modernising multilateralism to empower the WTO , the IMF , and the World Bank Group to monitor national policies . ”
Proponents of a new world order have always disguised their rhetoric with flowery notions of achieving some kind of global utopia , but behind the scenes the real agenda has always been sinister , nepotistic and anathema to any reasonable notion of democratic freedom .
It ’s about time the establishment media stopped parroting the words of globalists and blithely repeating the term “ new world order ” like it was going out of fashion , and actually started asking real questions about what it really means .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
UPDATE : Join us for an expert - led reader forum April 13 - 17 on MotherJones.com around the question : Is organic and local so 2008 ?
as confirmation hearings go , Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack ’s was a breeze .
He was n’t asked to explain his cheerleading for ethanol ( granted , Iowa governors hardly have a choice ) or genetically engineered food ; the closest the senators came to a tough question was on whether ag subsidies would be doled out to just Midwestern commodities , or whether Southern and California farmers could get in on the action .
In a moment that affirmed our appreciation for the upper chamber ’s special brand of dignified discourse , Sen. Pat Roberts ( R - Kan . ) soliloquized on farms that do n’t conform to the corporate model : “ That small family farmer is a retired airline pilot and sits on his porch on a glider reading Gentleman ’s Quarterly — he used to read the Wall Street Journal , but that got pretty drab — and his wife works as a stockbroker downtown .
And he has 40 acres , and he has a pond , and he has an orchard , and he grows organic apples .
Sometimes there is a little more protein in those apples than people bargain for , and he ’s very happy to have that . ”
Pardon us while we translate .
Organic farmers = elitists = liberals who are supported by their uppity stockbroker wives .
Plus , their produce is worm ridden .
Whatev .
It ’s that kind of cliché and recrimination that passes for a national conversation about agriculture .
Indeed , you may well ask :
There ’s a national conversation about agriculture ?
For if your newspaper even bothered to cover Vilsack ’s hearing , the story was likely buried ; after all , ag policy matters only to farmers , and farmers are 2 percent of the population .
Never mind that 100 percent of the population is eaters , and that what we eat is responsible for one - fifth of US carbon emissions , that our industrial diet is bankrupting our health care system , that some $ 13 billion a year in subsidies goes predominantly to underwriting junk food , that growing and subsidizing biofuel pushes up food prices and leads to starvation , deforestation , and even greater CO2 emissions .
What we grow , it turns out , is at the very core of how we live , how we run our economy , how we exist in the world .
And if we want that existence to be better than soup lines at home , food riots abroad , and drowning polar bears up north , we have to fix food now .
Sure , Sen. Roberts is a nitwit ( reminder : This is the man who blocked the Senate ’s wmd investigation for years ) , but the progressive camp is n’t blameless either .
We dream about patronizing family farmers who grow organic fennel under the watchful gaze of happy goats — and for a lucky few , especially here in California , that ’s even close to reality .
But by focusing on consumer choices — always more available to the affluent — the foodie movement has also perpetuated a two - class system : pesticide - laden , processed , packaged , irradiated slop for the many , artisanal sheep ’s milk cheese for a few .
Is that what we want ?
More important , is it what we ( and the planet ) can live with ?
Of course not .
As Paul Roberts ( no relation to Pat ) points out in our cover story , to move our food system toward sustainability , we must draw both on ancient practices ( like polyculture ) and modern farming .
Sometimes , it turns out , the best way to get rid of a lot of herbicides can be a little herbicide , and we might get our produce not from idyllic farms , but from hydroponic skyscrapers and greenhouse megaplexes set on urban brownfields or the roof of a Costco .
Just as we ’ve learned that tomatoes are better when taste is prioritized over flawless appearance , so too we might consider a food system where the perfect is n’t the enemy of the good — where eating local , say , is valued , but not to the exclusion of efficiency .
( Yes , we can get by without peaches in January ; but there ’s nothing the matter with Kansas red winter wheat feeding the country . )
Besides , who are we kidding ?
The way America eats is a problem — but it ’s nothing compared with how much of the world does n’t eat .
Last year ’s corn and rice riots were a reminder that , if only for entirely selfish reasons , we must feed everyone on this small planet .
That ’s going to involve both sacrifice and innovation .
It ’s also going to mean taking a hard look at growing crops to feed cars .
Corn ethanol has been exposed as nothing more than a giveaway ( yet again ) to the Archer Daniels Midlands of the world ; growing oil palms on drained Indonesian peat bogs causes 420 times the greenhouse emissions that we ’d prevent by burning the biodiesel derived from those trees .
Some leaders , including Obama ’s energy secretary , Steven Chu , still hold out hope for cellulosic ethanol , but that dream might be just one last Hail Mary pass to an industry built around refining , selling , and burning a liquid fuel .
Ultimately , we ’re all invested in the ideas we ’ve grown used to : Foodies like bucolic farms , oil companies like filling stations , Iowans like corn , and scientists like tech fixes .
But we ’re all going to have to give up some of what comforts us .
The good news is , there are plenty of fresh ideas around .
Even if some of them come with the occasional worm .
If anything , the ferocity of the attacks has only stiffened Mr. Paterson ’s resolve .
The governor has not backed off his threat to lay off state workers if the unions do not agree to concessions , including forgoing a 3 percent raise this year as part of a plan to save close to $ 500 million .
He has asked leaders of agencies for work - force reduction plans that would go into effect on July 1 if a compromise with the unions is not reached .
Mr. Paterson also took his message directly to state employees , urging them in a letter last week to encourage their union leaders to consider the concessions .
Union leaders considered the governor ’s letter as an effort to undercut their authority , and they were furious .
Even as the governor ’s poll numbers have dropped , state officials “ seem to have hardened their stance and have certainly stepped up their efforts to embarrass us , ” Mr. Madarasz said , adding that the unions had little choice but to hit back with full force .
Kenneth Brynien , president of the Public Employees Federation , which has been coordinating the campaign against Mr. Paterson with the civil service union , said the governor was responsible for the aggressiveness of the response .
“ This is not the way I like to negotiate , ” he said .
“ But somehow the other side just is n’t listening . ”
The heart of the dispute lies in a seemingly bland legal question : should the state ’s labor contract with its unions be reopened ?
The state cannot unilaterally reduce the pay of its unionized workers as it has done with its nonunionized workers .
So Mr. Paterson has proposed to renegotiate the contract to eliminate the 3 percent raise that was to go into effect April 1 .
Image
The union presidents directing the campaign , Kenneth Brynien , left , and Danny Donohue , denounced the governor last week .
Above , some images from their commercials .
Credit ...
YouTube
The unions have rejected any cost - cutting achieved through reopening the contracts because they believe it would create a dangerous precedent .
As you may have noticed I had to strip down the site to the bare bones .
I did this because the recent spike in traffic was bogging down the shared server I ’m on .
I ’m actually ok with the way the site looks , I kept the button layout of the last theme , but made eveything text and solid colors .
Thanks to everyone who ’s been submitting my stuff to the various social book marking sites , I really do appreciate it .
I feel like things have been going really well with the site since I started to stick to my schedule .
You guys keep reading and I ’ll keep drawing , deal ?
Deal .
The former Republican Governor of New Jersey Christine Whitman in speaking to the Log Cabin Republicans has called for a repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act , and for the Republican party to remove their opposition to same - sex marriage from the GOP platform .
She argued that " civil marriage should be for everyone , and that gay couples marrying does not threaten her marriage " .
She went on to say that she respects that " there is a place for Conservative Christians in the party , but said that there should be a place for pro-equality Republicans as well " .
Christine Whitman along with other moderate Republicans have created the Republican Leadership Council which seeks to get back to the fundamentals of the Republican party while striving for pro-LGBT , pro-choice , eco-friendly , and racial justice legislation .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert stands in the boss ' office .
Dilbert says , " I found some numbers that support your strategic plan . "
Dilbert looks at a piece of paper and says , " I had to take the square root of a negative number to do it . "
Dilbert says , " The timeline is on the mobius strip . "
The boss says , " Good work . "
The statement said : “ At all times the Prime Minister has acted with the full approval of the parliamentary authorities .
In relation to the cleaning services , Mr Gordon Brown and Mr Andrew Brown employed one cleaner who worked for both of them , the majority of time for Gordon Brown .
Payment was made directly to her by Mr Andrew Brown for the work in both flats .
Mr Gordon Brown reimbursed him for his share of the cost .
Of course , Mr Andrew Brown did not receive any financial benefit . ”
There are many reasons game development tools fail .
Perhaps not all of these apply to you , but every game studio I ’ve seen has had one or more of the following problems .
1. Design as you go
All too often , game companies are in too much of a hurry to allow proper upfront design of tools .
As a result , programmers end up designing the tools , anyway .
Unfortunately , since they have to continually show progress , the tools are designed as they are coded , which does n’t really save any time at all , and leads to a host of problems .
As tool development gains inertia , the earlier code becomes more and more difficult to change without breaking the entire system .
When given a choice between rewriting code and creating a workaround , the least expensive of the two ( in the short run ) is generally preferred .
Major changes to support new features or a more desirable workflow become more and more difficult as the code becomes too brittle to support it ’s own weight .
2 . The system model of design
When programmers design interfaces , they tend to expose the underlying data structures directly .
That is the most logical method for someone who understands the inner workings of the system , and often gives the most flexibility the the users .
The end user , however , has a different view of the system based on his his own goals .
He does n’t need to know the underlying implementation details , just the end result .
The system model can give the desired effect , but may seem overly complicated or downright illogical to the user .
3 . Leveraging the wrong technology
A lot of us , especially with engineering backgrounds , cringe at the thought of “ reinventing the wheel . ”
Recreating something that already exists somewhere else goes against everything we ’ve learned , but taking a tool designed for one thing and turning it into something it was never destined to be , will cost more time in the long run than just writing a new tool from scratch .
Often , the remains of the old tool clutter the interface or drag down the performance .
4. Complicating the interface
“ The simpler , the better , ” should be every tool designer ’s motto .
The more interface the user has to deal with , the more difficult it is to use the tool .
Focusing on the goals of the end user , should make apparent what interface items should be readily available , and which should be hidden away in a menu somewhere .
The most common operations should be the most accessible and easiest to use .
5. Extraneous features
Often , the tool designers are n’t communicating with the tool users , which always leads to a handful of features that just are n’t used .
They probably seemed really important during design ( at least in the programmer ’s mind ) , but time constraints or misunderstanding on the part of the users keep them from fully utilizing these features .
The time wasted on such things should have been used to improve the most commonly used functionality .
Instead , they clutter the interface or add additional steps to a process that should have been much simpler .
6. Designing for advanced users
Let ’s face it , there are some people in your company that are more technically skilled than others , and I ’m not talking about programmers .
Often , the more technical designers ( the ones with scripting or programming backgrounds ) are the ones who are able to use the internally developed tools more effectively , leaving the rest of the design staff to struggle .
This is also true of other disciplines , but design has it the worst , in most cases .
Game development tools should target the average user , with advanced functionality neatly tucked away where the more technically savvy users can find it , if necessary , while the more common functionality should be out in plain sight , easily accessible and understandable .
All of these issues lead to one overarching problem — low usability .
Tools that are unusable , do little good to anyone , and higher usability leads to happier and more productive employees .
Every minute that an employee spends fighting with the tools is a minute that could have been spent making a better , more polished game , something every game company struggles to achieve , and addressing problems like the ones above will help tremendously .
I ’ll talk more about these and other issues more in - depth in future blog posts .
If you live on low income or benefits , you may be entitled to legal aid .
Use our new legal aid calculator to see if you are eligible
Do you help people get advice ?
If you talk to people who may need legal advice you can download posters , arrange call backs , and much more .
Visit our advisers ´ section
Omar Bashir attended the Arb summit to thank the leaders for their support
The Sudanese president has arrived in Saudi Arabia , the fifth state he has visited since an international warrant was issued for his arrest .
State TV in Sudan said Omar al - Bashir would perform a lesser pilgrimage in Mecca before returning to Khartoum .
He has just attended an Arab League summit in Qatar , where he received strong support from Arab leaders .
Meanwhile , US President Barack Obama 's new envoy to Sudan is due to make his first visit to the country .
Former air force general J Scott Gration will travel to Darfur , as well as visiting southern Sudan and the capital , Khartoum .
He is expected to ask Mr Bashir is to allow aid agencies to return to Darfur .
Sudan expelled 13 large foreign aid agencies , mostly from Darfur , after it accused them of spying for the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
The court indicted Mr Bashir of orchestrating atrocities against civilians in Darfur , where his Arab - led government has been battling black African rebels since 2003 .
Up to 300,000 people have been killed and 2.7 million have been driven from their homes .
Sudan denies the charges and says the figures are exaggerated .
The Arab League , many African states and Sudan 's key ally China have called for the ICC proceedings to be suspended , arguing they will hamper efforts to bring peace to Darfur .
Pot is now retailed over the counter in hundreds of storefronts across Los Angeles and is credited with reviving a section of downtown Oakland , where an entrepreneur sells out classes offering " quality training for the cannabis industry . "
The tabloid LA Journal of Education for Medical Marijuana is fat with ads for Magic Purple , Strawberry Cough and other offerings in more than 400 " dispensaries " operating in the city .
All told , 13 states have legalized medical marijuana , a trend advocates credit in part to growing openness to alternative healing .
As a " Schedule 1 " drug under the 1970 federal narcotics act , marijuana officially has " no currently accepted medical use . "
But doctors have found it effective in reducing nausea , easing glaucoma and improving appetite and sleep in AIDS patients .
Marijuana use is widespread -- government surveys show that 100 million Americans have smoked pot or its resin , hashish , in their lifetimes , and 25 million have done so in the past year .
Yet polls show that the public is still wary of legalization .
As President Obama recently chuckled when asked about legalizing marijuana , " I do n't think that 's a good strategy to grow our economy . "
But in California , pot is such a booming growth industry that lawmakers are being asked to consider its potential as a salve to the state 's financial woes .
Betty Yee , chair of the California State Board of Equalization , endorsed a bill in February to regulate the estimated $ 14 billion marijuana market , citing the state 's budget problems .
California currently collects $ 18 million in sales taxes from marijuana dispensaries , and Yee said a regulated pot trade would bring in $ 1.3 billion .
" I think the tide is starting to turn in terms of marijuana being part of the mainstream , " she said .
" The pieces seem to be falling into place . "
In Los Angeles , Councilman Dennis Zine warned that half the city 's sales outlets might be forced to close , but only to control the growth of what the city now regards as an accepted business .
" We 're not getting complaints about people smoking marijuana , " said the retired motorcycle policeman .
" We 're seeing complaints about the proliferation of facilities .
They opened up right down the street from my district office , in the same complex as a liquor store .
Got the big green leaf in front . "
The new reality can be disorienting .
In Mendocino County , the heart of Northern California 's " Emerald Triangle , " marijuana farming has been openly tolerated since the arrival of counterculture refugees in the late 1960s .
But elected officials say they are being forced to crack down on growers who offended neighbors with aggressive farming after medical marijuana laws hastened pot 's shift from the black market to a gray zone .
" Prop. 215 opened up a new world for people who had been underground , " said Scott Zeramby , referencing the 1996 ballot proposition that legalized pot for medical users .
By 2007 , Zeramby 's garden supply business in Fort Bragg was doing $ 2.5 million in business amid a land rush by new growers eager to cash in .
" Things were getting a little crazy , even out of hand , " Zeramby said .
" What happened ?
A critical mass . "
At the other end of the supply chain , some 200 dispensaries have opened using a legal loophole in an L.A. moratorium on such outlets , some making only the thinnest pretense of operating as " caregivers , " the legal justification for providing cannabis directly .
" Medical marijuana , right here , right now , " chants a barker on the Venice Beach Boardwalk , outside the doorway of the Medical Kush Beach Club .
" Get legal , right now . "
It really is that easy , the barker explains .
Before being allowed to enter the upstairs dispensary and " smoking lounge , " new customers are directed first to the physician 's waiting room , presided over by two young women in low - cut tops .
After proving state residence and minimum age ( 21 ) , customers see a doctor in a white lab coat who for $ 150 produces a " physician 's recommendation . "
Valid for one year , it is all that California law requires to purchase and smoke eight ounces legally .
" I told him I had problems with my knee , " said Joe Rizzo , 31 , emerging from an examination recently with a knowing grin and a renewed card .
Outside the Blue Sky Coffee Shop in Oakland , Ritz Gayo clutched an eighth of Blue Dream ( $ 44 ) and tried to remember the nature of his complaint .
" Um , my back , " said Gayo , 20 .
He went on to recite a partial list of symptoms suggested in newspaper ads : " Chronic back pain and the rest , like everyone else , " he said .
" Non-sleeping .
Ca n't eat very much .
" That , and I love pot . "
Sean Manzanares , 41 , a hardware store manager who had no previous experience with weed , parsed the advantages of sativa strains for night smoking and an indica for morning .
" It got me off some really intense painkillers that were screwing with my liver and all kinds of stuff , " he said .
Ben Core , 41 , an HIV - positive commercial insurance agent , said , " The usage effects are overtaking the political and cultural effects that have suppressed it . "
In the Venice branch of Farmacy , an upscale dispensary chain , clerks wear hemp lab coats and direct customers to an array of products , including herbal drops for teething pain .
" We refer to it as a gateway herb , " said JoAnna LaForce , a trained pharmacist .
Oakland allows anyone with a medical card to cultivate 72 plants -- 12 times the number the state legislature suggested in SB 420 , which passed in 2003 .
( Even the title of the bill could be taken for a knowing wink , " 420 " being subculture code for enjoying marijuana ) .
The bill generously interpreted the ballot initiative , which allowed pot to be dispensed for " any illness for which marijuana provides relief . "
Entrepreneur Richard
Lee said he took the hint , building an downtown Oakland empire that includes two " coffee shops , " a glass - blowing school , a gift shop , a studio union and , last year , Oaksterdam University .
Hundreds of graduates now have diplomas certifying passage of " credible examinations in politics , legal issues , horticulture , cooking and budtending . "
The neighborhood is cheerfully busy , with foot traffic heaviest around the Blue Sky dispensary .
" They blend in quite well .
It 's not what you would expect , " said Gertha Hays , who owns a boutique next door .
" You might think it 's going to be drug dealers , all this and that .
It 's not like that .
And there 's no particular stereotype of who 's a cannabis smoker .
It 's all types . "
Some customers walk over from the Alameda County Public Health Department .
There , for $ 103 ( $ 51.50 if on Medi - Cal ) , residents can upgrade from a simple physician 's recommendation to an official medical marijuana identification card , widely regarded as stronger protection against prosecution .
" The one thing that 's really caused it to go from medical to pretty much all - out legalization is the doctors , " Lee said .
" They have realized you can't over - prescribe it .
They 've really taken the lead .
Alcohol -- frat boys drop dead by the hundred every year .
You really can't kill yourself with marijuana . "
You can , however , disappear into yourself .
In South Central L.A. , two dispensaries stand on the block between the mayor 's constituent services office and the Blessed Day Drug and Alcohol Treatment Center .
" They 're stunting their growth .
I 'm not talking about height , " said Andrew Brown , 60 , a drug treatment counselor .
" They 're in a Rip van Winkle state .
They do n't even know it .
. . .
" Legal ?
Okay , but they still going to come to us .
Alcohol is legal . "
Source : Washington Post ( DC )
Author : Karl Vick , Washington Post Staff Writer
Published : Sunday , April 12 , 2009 ; A01
Copyright : 2009 Washington Post
Contact : letters@washpost.com
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/FaPCtDPC
Website : http://www.washingtonpost.com/
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
Opinion
Commentary : Enact energy laws to clear air , create jobs commentary
Texas citizens get it .
More of us than ever are mindful of switching off lights , weatherizing our homes and doing all that we can to save energy .
State legislators can get it too .
This session , they have an opportunity and responsibility to save us even more money on our electricity bills , create thousands of green jobs and reduce pollution across the state .
Our representatives now have less than six weeks to pass the best of nearly 100 bills that have been introduced on clean power and green jobs .
These energy efficiency and renewable energy bills set the stage for rebuilding , repowering and renewing our state ’s economy during tough times .
They will build a sustainable future for Texas .
The energy efficiency bills contain plans for helping Texas families by creating jobs while reducing consumption of electricity in our homes and buildings .
When our homes and buildings are well - insulated and our appliances more efficient , we do n’t need to burn wasteful and damaging amounts of dirty fossil fuels for electricity .
An additional benefit to creating Texas ’ new clean energy economy is that we can clean up our air and address climate change at the same time .
As we provide new jobs installing clean energy technologies , we can decrease the public health risks and costs associated with the impacts of burning coal .
Texas citizens began rising to the call for statewide energy efficiency when we voted with our consciences and our pocketbooks , replacing millions of our hot - burning , incandescent light bulbs with more efficient compact fluorescent light bulbs .
Clearly , we were up to the challenge then and believe now that all of us can do more to help the Lone Star State .
For example , utilities can set more aggressive energy efficiency goals and put programs into place that will reduce the need to use so much electricity .
The bills currently being considered in the Legislature require utilities to expand energy efficiency programs to meet 1 percent of peak electricity demand by the end of 2015 and 2 percent of peak electricity demand by 2020 .
While these goals may seem modest , meeting them would mean saving 1,176 megawatts of electricity — as much power as could be generated from two coal - fired power plants .
Utilities can also provide home energy audits that tell us how to increase our efficiency .
Based on those audits , we can caulk or replace leaky windows , insulate our attics , repair our duct work , and install programmable thermostats , which allow us to preselect when we use our air conditioners , heaters and water heaters .
Cities can also help the energy efficiency cause by providing some up - front financing for energy - saving improvements .
In addition , Texas will soon receive $ 327 million of federal stimulus funds for weatherization through the Texas Department of Housing & Community Affairs with reporting requirements on green job creation , energy savings and pollution reduction through the use of these funds .
These programs are good for Texas families .
They ’re good for the environment and they ’re good for the economy .
Study after study — including a report completed in December 2008 by the Public Utility Commission of Texas — shows that Texas can reduce its peak electricity demand and growth in electricity by 23 percent by implementing a variety of energy efficiency measures .
The PUC study also found that every dollar spent by Texas on energy efficiency has a three - to - one payback .
But we need action now by Texas legislators to achieve energy efficiency ’s full potential to meet our state ’s energy challenges .
This Legislature can and should continue the important work begun last session , when now - Speaker of the House Joe Straus led energy efficiency legislation .
Energy efficiency is the cheapest , quickest and cleanest way for Texas to meet its power needs .
The Texas legislators who are championing these bills this session should be thanked for paving the way for a cleaner , sustainable future .
We now call on all of our state legislators to swiftly move these bills out of committees and through floor debates to begin our sustainable future .
Kramer is director of the Lone Star Chapter of the Sierra Club ; Marston is director of the Texas regional offices of Environmental Defense Fund ; and Smith is director of the Texas office of Public Citizen .
Liam Neeson and his family have just released the following statement about the passing of Natasha Richardson :
" Liam Neeson , his sons , and the entire family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Natasha .
They are profoundly grateful for the support , love and prayers of everyone , and ask for privacy during this very difficult time . "
Rush Limbaugh ’s new pet project — fighting animal cruelty for the Humane Society of the United States — is riling sportsmen from coast to coast , prompting fears that the talkster typically supportive of gun rights is aiding a group they say has a secret agenda to end all hunting in America .
Twenty - eight groups representing millions of hunters and sportsmen are demanding that the conservative radio commentator end his collaboration with the HSUS and stop “ helping them to mainstream their image in the minds of reasonable people . ”
“ Despite a few programs designed to attract support from the general public , HSUS is in fact an organization that opposes hunting , fishing , and trapping , ” the groups , including Ducks Unlimited and the U.S. Sportsmen ’s Alliance , wrote in a letter last week to Mr. Limbaugh .
“ Its leadership has a long and established history of promoting legislation , litigation , and referenda to restrict the rights of American sportsmen and women . ”
RELATED STORIES :
• Fractured media no match for Obama
• Southern border just as open despite flu
• Hot Button : Culture Briefs
The public - service radio spots cut by Mr. Limbaugh began airing in mid-April .
In one , the self - dubbed “ Doctor of Democracy ” expresses support for the HSUS effort to crack down on organized dogfighting and other animal - cruelty crimes .
In the second , “ America ’s Truth Detector ” talks about , as the Humane Society says , “ our outreach to communities of faith , and the moral obligation that we have to be good stewards of God ’s creatures . ”
Mr. Limbaugh did not answer requests for comment and has had little to say about his tacit endorsement of the HSUS .
In an interview by Greta Van Susteren on Fox News last week , he was asked by the host , “ Who do you admire and why ? ”
As Mr. Limbaugh paused , citing “ brain freeze , ” this exchange occurred :
“ You like the Humane Society , ” Mrs. Van Susteren said .
“ Who ? ” Mr. Limbaugh asked .
“ The Humane Society . ”
Laughing , the radio host , who spends three hours a day talking politics , said , “ Well , now , you ’re getting into politics , ” and quickly moved off the topic .
The Humane Society ’s president and chief executive , Wayne Pacelle , said the issue should n’t be political .
“ I ’m embarrassed for them that they would criticize Rush for amplifying our message that dogfighting and other malicious forms of animal cruelty are unacceptable in society , ” he said .
Countering that his group absolutely does not oppose all hunting , Mr. Pacelle said he reached out to Mr. Limbaugh and was not surprised that he accepted the invitation to join the cause .
“ I think the folks that are criticizing it are unbelievably knee - jerk — I guess they want to provide comfort to dogfighters ?
It just does n’t make any sense … .
There are certain things that civil society should agree on . ”
As for having the nation ’s top conservative commentator aboard , he said : “ I hope this shows a side of Rush to the American people that they may not have contemplated . ”
But the 28 wildlife - conservation organizations that represent hunters , anglers and trappers say the Humane Society has a nefarious agenda .
“ The Humane Society of the United States is public enemy number one for sportsmen .
We believe firmly that they ’re against all forms of hunting .
We actually battle them in state after state , and they back all types of different legislation , ballot issues , that seek to restrict the rights of hunters , ” said Greg R. Lawson , a spokesman for the U.S. Sportsmen ’s Alliance , which has about 3 million members .
“ The concern we have with what Rush did is not so much the actual content of the new public - service announcements … .
It ’s the very fact that he recorded anything for that group because of their agenda against the sportsmen community . ”
The letter says Mr. Pacelle once said to the Associated Press : “ If we could shut down all sport hunting in a moment , we would . ”
He told the Bozeman Daily Chronicle , “ Our goal is to get sport hunting in the same category as cock fighting and dog fighting .
Our opponents say hunting is a tradition .
We say traditions can change , ” according to the letter .
Scott Sutherland , director of governmental affairs for Ducks Unlimited , which has 630,000 members , said , “ Supporting HSUS implies an endorsement of an anti-sportsman agenda . ”
In their letter , the groups say that Mr. Limbaugh ’s collaboration amounts to “ implied endorsements ” for the Humane Society that are “ a real coup for their cause . ”
“ With America ’s most prominent conservative spokesman on board , they have the opportunity to make inroads into a new cross section of our country .
You are helping them to mainstream their image in the minds of reasonable people .
Your collaboration furthers the anti-hunting and anti-fishing agenda of HSUS , which will undermine the great success of conservation and threatens the economies of small towns and rural states across our nation . ”
Mr. Lawson said many Americans have little real understanding of the Humane Society of the United States — which has about 11 million “ supporters ” — and do n’t know it is not affiliated with local humane societies , animal shelters or animal care and control agencies .
“ When people think of the Human Society of the United States , they a lot of times are thinking of the guys who are taking care of dogs and cats and stray animals and doing the work at the local humane society .
That ’s not what this national group is .
They do n’t work with the local humane societies — they ’re a national lobbying group .
“ And that ’s a very big distinction that I dont think has really gotten out into the general public , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Interesting TRUTH
Somalian pirates : are they acting alone ?
Added by GordonAten on May 16 , 2009 | Visited by 5289 | Voted by 54 persons
A piece of recent Yahoo news stated that � In 2008 , there were 111 incidents including 42 vessels hijacked .
So far in 2009 , there have been 114 attempted attacks but only 29 have resulted in hijacking� , and that � Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi announced on Saturday that the problem would be on the agenda at a G - 8 summit in Italy in July . �
Quite interesting , yeah ?
Piracy is on the obvious rise .
In the world with guided smart missiles and other weaponry , with satellites and other contemporary technology watching day and night , for example , all the Caribbean basin in a battle with drugs trafficking , can you imagine some small boats with 3 - 5 untrained often very young men approaching huge international vessels and taking them as hostages ?
Is it really so easy to take hostage a big ship , so that the success rate reaches such impressive numbers ?!
Or is it something untold behind this ?
The fact that quite often the pirates get the �right ships� raises tough questions .
For example , when an Ukrainian vessel full of arms has been highjacked there was a short piece of comments that actually the pirates knew in advance about that ship , having received prior information from the Ukrainian port of dispatch .
Add the multimillion ransom to this and adapted strategies in hunting the ships , and one would have some serious doubts about absence of structure and organization of piracy .
Then another one : when negotiating the ransom , it would be interesting to know who is talking to whom ?
Do these pirates have official representatives ?
On the other side , the recent successful liberation by the US Navy Seals of an American ship captain held captive for several days by the pirates , proves that this crime phenomena can be fought , especially when there is desire and when done by professionals .
10 - 15 such well coordinated operations and the damage to the pirates may become irrecoverable , whereas the warning message to those who stand behind those poor kids - corsairs would be quite clear .
In these circumstances I wonder what would G - 8 decide about it ?
The biggest financial bubble in history is being inflated in plain sight .
This is the Mother of All Bubbles , and when it explodes , it will signal the end to the boom / bust cycle that has characterized economic activity throughout the developed world .
Either unwilling or unable to call the bubble by its proper name , the media , Washington , and Wall Street describe the stupendous government expenditures on rescue packages , stimulus plans , buyouts , and takeovers as emergency measures needed to salvage the severely damaged economy .
All of this terminology is econo - jargon .
It ’s like calling torture " enhanced interrogation techniques . "
Washington is inflating the biggest bubble ever : the Bailout Bubble .
This is much bigger than the Dot-com and Real Estate bubbles which hit speculators , investors , and financiers the hardest .
However destructive the effects of these busts on employment , savings and productivity , the Free Market Capitalist framework was left intact .
But when the Bailout Bubble explodes , the system goes with it .
The economic framework of the United States has been restructured .
Federal interventionist policies have given the government equity stakes , executive powers and management control of what was once private enterprise .
To finance these buyouts , rescue and stimulus packages — instead of letting failed businesses fail and bankrupt banks and bandit brokerages go bankrupt — trillions of dollars are being injected into the stricken economy .
Trends 2000 Gerald Celente Best Price : $ 1.79 Buy New $ 10.90 ( as of 03:15 EST - Details )
Phantom dollars , printed out of thin air , backed by nothing … and producing next to nothing … defines the Bailout Bubble .
Just as with the other bubbles , so too will this one burst .
But unlike Dot-com and Real Estate , when the Bailout Bubble pops , neither the President nor the Federal Reserve will have the fiscal fixes or monetary policies available to inflate another .
With no more massive economic bubbles left to blow up , they ’ll set their sights on bigger targets .
Given the pattern of governments to parlay egregious failures into mega - failures , the classic trend they follow , when all else fails , is to take their nation to war .
Since the Bailout Bubble is neither called nor recognized as a bubble , its sudden and spectacular explosion will create chaos .
A panicked public will readily accept any Washington / Wall Street / Main Stream Media alibi that shifts the blame for the catastrophe away from the policy makers and onto some scapegoat .
At this time we are not forecasting a war .
However , the trends in play are ominous .
While we cannot pinpoint precisely when the Bailout Bubble will burst , we are certain it will .
When it does , it should be understood that a major war could follow .
May 15 , 2009
Gerald Celente is founder and director of The Trends Research Institute , author of Trends 2000 and Trend Tracking ( Warner Books ) , and publisher of The Trends Journal .
He has been forecasting trends since 1980 , and recently called  The Collapse of '09 . 
The Best of Gerald Celente
GENEVA , April 19 ( Reuters ) -
The presidents of Iran and Switzerland met on Sunday to discuss diplomatic issues including an eight - year jail sentence for a U.S. - Iranian journalist convicted in Iran of spying .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Hans - Rudolf Merz focused mainly on “ questions related to collaboration in the energy and economic sectors ” , the Swiss government said in a statement after they met at a Geneva hotel .
Switzerland has been representing U.S. interests in Iran since 1980 , because Washington has no direct diplomatic relations with the Islamic Republic .
“ Within the scope of this mandate undertaken by Switzerland as a protecting power , various unresolved cases of consular protection were discussed , including the sentencing of the American - Iranian journalist Roxana Saberi , ” the Swiss statement read .
A spokeswoman declined to offer more details .
Ahmadinejad was due to speak on Monday at a United Nations conference on racism , which Western powers including the United States , Australia , Germany , and Canada have said they will boycott .
Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon expressed dismay about the Swiss - Iranian meeting , which he said “ only harms and undermines the dignity of the one setting up the meeting ” .
Ahmadinejad has previously said Israel should be “ wiped off the map ” and questioned whether the Nazi Holocaust happened .
( Reporting by Laura MacInnis ; Editing by Kevin Liffey )
Pentagon bizarro - tech chiefs have issued a requirement for mysterious sensor systems which would be able to peer through concrete walls to produce a complete internal picture of a building .
US Forces would use such kit for " overseas urban building interior awareness " .
The new plans are known as " Comprehensive Interior Reconnaissance " , and come - of course - from famed off - the - wall military tech bureau DARPA , where they believe it 's better to invent a head - mounted multispectral imaging device than curse the darkness .
The Pentagon brainiacs note :
As overseas military and peace - keeping operations have expanded in urban environments , our adversaries have adopted asymmetric strategies such as hiding in and operating out of civilian buildings ... it is imperative that we develop technologies to allow US Forces to confidently manoeuvre within urban interiors whether above or below ground ...
Once specific buildings have been identified as deserving closer scrutiny , our forces [ will ] concentrate specific resources on these buildings to support tactical planning .
Deployed sensors can spend more time providing detailed situational awareness of a single building , determining its floor plan , underground extent , and underground ingress and egress ...
Additional sensors can be carried by blue forces as they enter the structure to verify or refine the interior situational awareness and improve our forces manoeuverability .
Specifically , the war - nerds think that operational systems would be deployed in vehicles and aircraft , or perhaps placed near a building of interest by US personnel .
The latter static jobs should be no bigger than backpack sized , and " compatible with clandestine operations " .
The combined suite of equipment should be able to produce complete floorplans of a ten storey building plus two - storey basement , with walls and stairwells located to within 1 m .
Any hidden tunnels should be identified , and any access to connecting buildings .
The scanners should be able to see through concrete structural walls complete with rebar , and yet still detect internal stud - wall partitions .
All this should be achieved without any US personnel needing to get within 10 m of the building , and only brief excursions inside 20 m : and the machinery should have the complete building map produced within 3 days .
And do n't be coming to DARPA with any " external through - the - wall radar solutions " as these are already being handled under another programme .
Just how the miracle - mapper gear should work is up to the proposer .
However DARPA seem to be hinting at clever kit of some kind hooked up outside the building to water mains , power lines , sewer connections , or the ground in which it stands .
DARPA asserts that : • Stimulus response of building infrastructure contains tactically useful information on the interior structure .
Infrastructure includes , but is not limited to , the structural , electrical , plumbing , and ventilation systems .
•
Such information may be acquired through access to the exterior of buildings that may include direct contact with an exterior umbilical , but does not require contact or deployments within the building .
•
Approaches to acquiring such information may require active as well as passive sensing .
So roughly speaking it looks as though mysterious echoes or signals sent through wiring , plumbing and building structure are expected to do the job .
After three days of clandestine - ops imagery has been gathered on a building of interest , a complete 3D interior map will be generated .
Which should mean that when the black - clad assault team blows in the doors , there will be much less chance of embarrassing blunders such as getting lost , charging violently into cupboards etc - and much less chance of the building 's denizens escaping through their prepared bolthole into next door 's basement .
Americans will no doubt find it reassuring that this technology is only to be used " overseas " .
Definitely .
More details from DARPA in pdf here . ®
GameStop today confirmed that they are reviewing their lending and sales policy to see if it may be a violation of trade practices , GameStop officials told Kotaku today .
Advertisement
" We are looking at a series of things , " said said Chris Olivera , vice president of corporate communications for GameStop .
" We want to understand the assertions that were made by the FTC and we also want to see what is actually happening in the stores that led to what you wrote about . "
According to a number of GameStop employees and managers across the country , all of which spoke to us on the condition of anonymity , new copies of games rented out to employees are often mixed in with the unplayed display copies .
And both are sold at " new " prices .
Advertisement
Olivera declined to outline GameStop 's employee check - out policy to Kotaku today , but said that the company is looking into whether the practice of selling games that had been checked - out by employees as new is " something isolated or is something that is a practice within certain locations . "
He added that the FTC has not been in contact with GameStop .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
" We are looking at policy and practice , " he said .
According our research on the subject and interpretation of the FTC rules as it applies to GameStop , we think that the retail 's behavior would violate the FTC Act ( 15 U.S.C §§ 41 -58 ) .
If so , the FTC could issue an injunction and / or fine Gamestop .
Advertisement
The FTC Act Test for false advertising states that there must be a representation , omission or practice that is likely to mislead the consumer .
Second , the FTC examines the practice from the standpoint of a reasonable consumer .
Finally , the representation , omission , or practice must be a " material " one ( whether the act or practice is likely to affect the consumer 's conduct or decision with regard to a product or service ) .
Advertisement
In GameStop 's situation , it sounds like the employees have mislead the customer by representing that the game is new and omitted the fact the game has been used .
A reasonable customer would not pay full price for a used game ; the representation or omission would affect the customer 's decision ; and therefore , the representation or omission is material and would constitute false advertising .
Olivera said he would comment on the conclusion of the corporate review as soon as it wraps up .
( Newser ) – Every day for 11 years , Jennifer Thompson - Cannino prayed for her rapist to die .
But the man she identified to police was n’t her attacker .
“ That was unbearable , ” Thompson - Cannino tells NPR .
“ Discovering the truth filled me with overwhelming guilt and shame for mistakenly putting an innocent man in prison . ”
But that man , Ronald Cotton , has forgiven her — and has become her friend .
story continues below
“ I had gone to prison an angry man , ” Cotton recalls .
“ But that kind of emotion was keeping me a prisoner in my own private jail .
I had to let the hate go , and learn to live and forgive . "
He and Thompson - Cannino have recorded their experience in a joint memoir , Picking Cotton , Mother Jones reports .
" Together we were able to help each other heal through a shared experience , " Cotton said .
( Read more rape stories . )
Ricardo Montalban Has Died 1920 - 2009 ( Video , Photos )
Ricardo Montalban
1920 -2009
died on January 13 , 2009 in Los Angeles , California at the age of 88 .
He cause of death has not been identified .
Montalban received a Tony in 1958 for his role in the musical Jamaica and an Emmy in 1978 for his role in How the West Was Won .
In 1975 he was the television spokesman for the new Chrysler Cordoba .
His delivery of the line " soft Corinthian leather " , referring to the luxury upholstery , became a much parodied line and a favorite of impersonators .
The actor 's best known television role was that of Mr. Roarke in the series Fantasy Island .
He starred on the show from 1978 to 1984 .
He and his sidekick , Tattoo who was played by Herve Villechaize , became pop icons .
Villechaize died in 1993 at age 50 .
Montalban 's wife of 63 years , Georgiana Montalban died in 2007 .
The couple had four children .
Photos and video of the Fantasy Island beauty contest , and a Montalban Chrysler commercial below .
Photos : WENN
Reuters
THE recent scandals about poisoned baby milk , contaminated pet food and dangerous toys from China have raised questions about manufacturing standards in the country that has become factory to the world .
In China 's defence , it was probably inevitable that as production grew so would the problems associated with it , at least in the short term .
Similarly , it could be argued that China is going through the same quality cycle that occurred during Japan 's post - war development or America 's manufacturing boom in the late 19th century — but in an environment with infinitely more scrutiny .
A response to both these observations can be found in “ Poorly Made in China ” by Paul Midler , a fluent Chinese speaker who in 2001 moved to China to work as a consultant to the growing numbers of Western companies now replacing factories in Europe and America with subcontracting relationships in the emerging industrial zone surrounding Guangzhou .
It was the perfect period to arrive .
The normal problems of starting a business , such as getting clients or providing a value proposition , do not hinder Mr Midler , who had the benefit of being in the right place at the right time .
Not only did he quickly , and seemingly effortlessly , find customers , they were delighted with what they found in China .
Factories will do anything to please .
Prices are famously low and production cycles short .
His clients returned from their initial trips to China stunned by how quickly factories became proficient and puzzled by how much could be done so well , so fast , so cheaply .
They were right to wonder .
Most of Mr Midler 's work is coping with what he calls “ quality fade ” as the Chinese factories transform what were , in fact , profitless contracts into lucrative relationships .
The production cycle he sees is the opposite of the theoretical model of continuous improvement .
After resolving teething problems and making products that match specifications , innovation inside the factory turns to cutting costs , often in ways that range from unsavoury to dangerous .
Packaging is cheapened , chemical formulations altered , sanitary standards curtailed , and on and on , in a series of continual product debasements .
In a further effort to create a margin , clients from countries with strong intellectual - property protection and innovative products are given favourable pricing on manufacturing , but only because the factory can then directly sell knock - offs to buyers in other countries where patents and trademarks are ignored .
It is , Mr Midler says , a kind of factory arbitrage .
The first line of defence against compromised products are the factory 's clients , the importers .
The moment they begin suspecting a Chinese manufacturing “ partner ” and want to discover what might be unfolding is the moment they become particularly eager to find people in China like Mr Midler .
That suggests they want information .
But , as Mr Midler discovers , they are finicky about what is found .
When suspicions turn out to be reality , all too often they become unhappy — miserable about resolving something costly and disruptive , yet terrified about being complicit in peddling a dangerous product .
This is particularly true if the problems could go undetected by customers .
Better , to some extent , not to know .
Aware of these dynamics , Western retailers increasingly use outside testing laboratories for Chinese products .
But this too , Mr Midler writes , is more form than function , since the tests are by their very nature more limited than the ways to circumvent them .
The process resembles the hunt for performance enhancements used by athletes , where a few get caught but the cleverer ones stay ahead by using products not yet on the prohibited list .
It would be unfair , of course , to see all Chinese companies in this light .
A few are gaining international recognition for quality , but in contrast , say , to Japan or America , this recognition comes at a cost to the firms themselves because it is accompanied by unpopular scrutiny and compliance .
This odd situation became apparent when Mr Midler witnessed large , modern Chinese factories outsourcing work to smaller , grittier , facilities even though this meant forgoing the production benefits from economies of scale .
The tiny outfits were in a much better position to skirt environmental controls and safety standards for products and workers .
The obvious way to clean up this mess — and to know whether it is really as pervasive as this book suggests — is through broader disclosure , but by whom ?
The Chinese press is sometimes revealing but typically controlled , as are foreign reporters .
Many production problems are well - known within local manufacturing circles , Mr Midler says , but collusion is rampant and there are no rewards in China for whistle - blowing .
Most of the people in Mr Midler 's position would not dream of disclosing what they see and many testing laboratories protect their reputation by hiding , rather than revealing , what they test .
As a result , if Mr Midler 's perceptions are true , the primary source of discovery will come in the worst possible way — by consumers who buy Chinese products , only to discover their flaws themselves .
. US Navy Physicist warns of possibly ' several decades of crushing cold temperatures and global famine '
By Retired U.S. Navy Physicist and Engineer James A. Marusek __________________
1
2 Apr 09 – Excerpts : “ The sun has gone very quiet as it transitions to Solar Cycle 24 .
“ Since the current transition now exceeds 568 spotless days , it is becoming clear that sun has undergone a state change .
It is now evident that the Grand Maxima state that has persisted during most of the 20th century has come to an abrupt end .
“ ( The sun ) might ( 1 ) revert to the old solar cycles or ( 2 ) the sun might go even quieter into a “ Dalton Minimum ” or a Grand Minima such as the “ Maunder Minimum ” .
It is still a little early to predict which way it will swing .
Each of these two possibilities holds a great threat to our nation .
“ We are now at a crossroad .
Two paths lie before us .
Both are marked with a signpost that reads “ Danger ” !
Down one path lies monstrous solar storms .
Down the other path lies several decades of crushing cold temperatures and global famine . ”
“ Climate change is primarily driven by nature .
It has been true in the days of my father and his father and all those that came before us .
Because of science , not junk science , we have slowly uncovered some of the fundamental mysteries of nature .
Our Milky
Way galaxy is awash with cosmic rays .
These are high speed charged particles that originate from exploding stars .
“ Because they are charged , their travel is strongly influenced by magnetic fields .
Our sun produces a magnetic field wrapped in the solar winds that extends to the edges of our solar system .
This field deflects many of the cosmic rays away from Earth .
But when the sun goes quiet ( minimal sunspots ) , this field collapses inward allowing high energy cosmic rays to penetrate deeper into our solar system .
As I say in Magnetic Reversals and Evolutionary Leaps , these same
cosmic rays can lead to mutations and evolutionary leaps .
“ As a result , far greater numbers collide with Earth and penetrate down into the lower atmosphere where they ionize small particles of moisture ( humidity ) forming them into water droplets that become clouds .
Low level clouds reflect sunlight back into space .
An increase in Earth 's cloud cover produce a global drop in temperature .
“ If the sun becomes quieter than the old solar cycles , producing more than 1028 spotless days , then we might slip into a Dalton Minimum or maybe even a Grand Minima such as the Maunder Minimum .
This solar state will last for decades .
Several solar scientist have predicted this will begin in Solar Cycle 25 , about a decade from now .
But a few have predicted this will occur now in Solar Cycle 24 .
“ A quiet sun will cause temperatures globally to take a nose - dive .
We will experience temperatures that we have not seen in over 200 years , during the time of the early pioneers .
“ Temperatures are already falling .
Satellites provide generally the most accurate atmospheric temperature measurements covering the entire globe .
From the peak year 1998 , the lower Troposphere temperatures globally have fallen around 1/2 degree Celsius due to the quiet sun .
“ This is despite the fact that during that same time period , atmospheric carbon dioxide ( at Mauna Loa ) has risen 5 % from 367 ppm to 386 ppm .
The main threat from a “ Dalton Minimum ” or “ Maunder Minimum ” event is famine and starvation ( affecting millions or hundreds of millions worldwide ) due to shortened growing seasons and harsher weather .
In the past , in addition to great famines , this cold harsh weather has also lead to major epidemics .
See entire great article :
http://personals.galaxyinternet.net/tunga/Signpost.pdf
Thanks to Marc Morano for this link
social media strategy , technology
Six years ago , I was still a die - hard user of the Yellow Pages .
If I wanted a local telephone number , I walked over to that book and “ let my fingers do the walking . ”
I bragged that I could look up a phone number faster in the yellow pages than on the internet .
That was true , in fact .
Most local businesses had terrible websites .
Six years ago , most of the non-profit organizations that I knew had static websites , thought blogs were for the MySpace crowd , and frankly had n’t updated their websites in months .
Six years ago , most of those same nonprofits were wishing for grants to update their 1999 PCs .
In 2003 , in the nonprofit world , no one could figure out how to use the social web to motivate people in the way that Moveon.org had inspired people to act , but every nonprofit listed job openings with Idealist.org .
Websites were purely functional and informational : people registered for classes , looked up email addresses , and read organizational news .
We knew the web had potential , but we did n’t know how to harness it to help our organizations soar .
On the other hand , many nonprofits served clientele that were on the other side of the technological divide .
We were interested in using the social web to reconnect ( remember when Friendster was the rage ? ) , to Meetup , and to sell things through Craig ’s List .
Howard Dean pushed us to realize potential of the social web ; his meetups catapulted his 2004 Presidential campaign forward .
Facebook was for “ the college crowd , ” MySpace was for the “ teenage crowd ” and Linkedin was for “ the professionals . ”
Which space was “ for us ? ”
We were n’t wondering where our stakeholders were online ; we had their email addresses .
Nonprofit organizations today are embracing technology for social good .
They are on the social web , blogging like crazy , creating dynamic websites , and selling out nonprofit technology conferences like the upcoming NTEN conference .
Nonprofits now realize that the web is social , connected and global .
We know that stakeholders are talking about us , and we are listening , responding and connecting via the social web .
What lessons should nonprofits should learn from the past , in order to prepare for the technological future ?
1. Embrace technology fully .
There must be at least one in - house staff person who understands technology , loves it , and is willing to experiment with new applications , tools and trends .
Many nonprofits were left on the wrong side of the digital divide because no one in the organization understood the importance of embracing technology .
For those looking , NTEN is a great resource .
The Nonprofit Technology Network connect members who want to learn about technology trends and tools .
Another great resource is Tech Soup , which offers technology services , discussion , discounted software , and donated software to nonprofits .
2. Stay on top of technological trends .
Do n’t we all wish we had understood social media earlier ?
Do n’t we all wish we had seen the potential of blogs as soon as LiveJournal ( open source blogging software ) caught on in 2003 ?
Do n’t miss out again !
Someone in your organization must stay on top of the trends .
Subscribe to a few technology - based blogs , like Mashable , Net Squared , Beth ’s Blog , Web Strategy by Jeremiah , ReadWriteWeb , and any others related to technology and your organization .
Discuss them in staff meetings .
Make sure that the entire staff is updated , so that everyone can take advantage of this information when working .
3 . How can you further your mission through technology ?
This is the crucial question .
When your organization develops new programs or systems , consider how you can utilize technology to engage more deeply , reach more people , or improve your programs .
As technology changes , client use of technology evolves , and nonprofits become interconnected , how can you harness this information to further your organization ’s mission ?
When you are constantly looking at technology in light of organizational mission , I ’m willing to bet new and exciting programs , systems and ideas will arise .
Did your organization embrace technology in 2003 , and if so , how was it utilized ?
What else would you advise organizations to consider , in order to be as fully prepared as possible for the future ?
I ’d love to hear your thoughts !
The current auto crisis follows decades of plant closings and mass layoffs that transformed Detroit into the poorest major city in America .
The rise of the Motor City was synonymous with US industrial preeminence , as well as the improvements in living standards won by the auto workers in mass struggles .
The collapse of the Motor City is perhaps the most poignant symbol of the historic decline of American capitalism , its turn to financial speculation , and the unrelenting assault on the working class .
The following photos are by WSWS writer Jerry White .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama signed an executive order Monday repealing a Bush - era policy that limited federal tax dollars for embryonic stem cell research .
President Obama signs the executive order on stem cell policy Monday at the White House .
Obama 's move overturns an order signed by President Bush in 2001 that barred the National Institutes of Health from funding research on embryonic stem cells beyond using 60 cell lines that existed at that time .
Obama also signed a presidential memorandum establishing greater independence for federal science policies and programs .
" In recent years , when it comes to stem cell research , rather than furthering discovery , our government has forced what I believe is a false choice between sound science and moral values , " Obama said at the White House .
" In this case , I believe the two are not inconsistent .
As a person of faith , I believe we are called to care for each other and work to ease human suffering .
I believe we have been given the capacity and will to pursue this research -- and the humanity and conscience to do so responsibly . "
Watch as Obama announces he 's lifting the funding ban »
The president pledged to develop " strict guidelines " to ensure that such research " never opens the door to the use of cloning for human reproduction . "
Such a possibility , he maintained , is " dangerous , profoundly wrong and has no place in our society or any society . "
Obama 's order directs the NIH to develop revised guidelines on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research within 120 days , according to Dr. Harold Varmus , president of Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center and co-chairman of Obama 's science advisory council .
" The president is , in effect , allowing federal funding of human embryonic stem cell research to the extent that it 's permitted by law -- that is , work with stem cells themselves , not the derivation of stem cells , " Varmus said in a conference call with reporters Sunday .
While conceding that " the full promise of stem cell research remains unknown " and " should not be overstated , " Obama nevertheless expressed hope that the order will help spur faster progress in the search for cures to afflictions such as Parkinson 's disease , cancer and spinal cord injuries .
See a map of nations that have taken a lead in using human embryos in stem cell research »
Researchers highly value embryonic stem cells because of their potential to turn into any organ or tissue cell in the body .
Stem cells have this ability for a short time .
A few days before the embryo would implant in the uterus , it starts to develop into specific cells that will turn into skin or eyes or other parts of a developing fetus .
Watch a doctor explain why embryotic stem cells are so important »
When the embryo is 4 or 5 days old , scientists extract the stem cells and put them in a petri dish .
With the removal of these stem cells -- of which there may be about 30 -- the embryo is destroyed .
Twenty - one of the 60 stem cell lines authorized for research under the Bush policy have proven useful to researchers .
Bush twice vetoed legislation -- in July 2006 and June 2007 -- that would have expanded federally funded embryonic stem cell research .
At the time , Bush maintained that scientific advances allowed researchers to conduct groundbreaking research without destroying human embryos .
Conservative leaders echoed Bush 's rationale in their criticism of Obama 's decision .
" Advancements in science and research have moved faster than the debates among politicians in Washington , D.C. , and breakthroughs announced in recent years confirm the full potential of stem cell research can be realized without the destruction of living human embryos , " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , said Sunday .
Sen . Richard Shelby , R - Alabama , said the Bush policy imposed proper ethical limits on science .
" My basic tenet here is I do n't think we should create life to enhance life and to do research and so forth , " Shelby said Sunday .
" I know that people argue there are other ways .
I think we should continue our biomedical research everywhere we can , but we should have some ethics about it . "
The issue of whether to lift the ban on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research has , however , exposed a clear rift between the more moderate and conservative factions of the GOP .
In February , a group of six moderate GOP congressmen sent a letter to Obama urging him to lift the funding ban .
Former first lady Nancy Reagan also issued a statement Monday thanking Obama for lifting the ban .
" These new rules will now make it possible for scientists to move forward , " Reagan said .
" Countless people , suffering from many different diseases , stand to benefit from the answers stem cell research can provide .
We owe it to ourselves and to our children to do everything in our power to find cures for these diseases . "
President Reagan was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease after leaving office -- an affliction that many scientists say eventually may be cured with the help of embryonic stem cell research .
Obama 's presidential memorandum , however , may turn out to have a broader impact than his executive order .
The memorandum is expected to create a clear change of tone from the Bush administration on a broad range of scientific issues .
Bush 's critics argued the former president allowed political factors improperly to influence funding decisions for science initiatives as well as to skew official government findings on issues such as global warming .
Watch a GOP congressman say Obama is ' behind the times ' »
Obama 's memorandum directs the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy " to develop a strategy for restoring scientific integrity to government decision - making . "
In a thinly veiled criticism of his predecessor , Obama reiterated a promise to base " public policies on the soundest science " as well as to " appoint scientific advisers based on their credentials and experience , not their politics or ideology . "
All About Barack Obama • Stem Cell Research • George W. Bush
Worries that China may be about to jettison some of its vast reserves of US Treasury bills depressed the American credit markets yesterday , as China 's premier , Wen Jiabao , expressed concerns about their integrity .
However , markets globally were threatened by comments from Mr Wen that Beijing is ready to expand its fiscal stimulus if the economic situation worsens .
Mr Wen said : " We have made a huge amount of loans to the United States .
Of course , we are concerned about the safety of our assets .
To be honest , I 'm a little bit worried .
I would like to call on the United States to honour its words , stay a credible nation and ensure the safety of Chinese assets . "
One of the great " global imbalances " of recent years has been the US - Chinese relationship , America 's vast trade deficit being funded by equally lavish purchases by the Chinese of US government paper .
Now , as the US government takes up the slack left by the American consumer , the hope in Washington is that China will continue to provide a healthy market for US Treasuries , and in particular for those issued under the $ 787bn ( £ 563 bn ) stimulus package passed by Congress .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
About half of China 's $ 2trillion in foreign currency reserves comprise US Treasury bills and other official notes .
Mr Wen 's remarks came as the G20's finance ministers gathered in London to set the agenda for the main G20 summit , to be attended by the leaders of the world 's largest and most dynamic 20 economies , in Downing Street on 2 April .
In London , the president of the World Bank , Robert Zoellick , warned that 2009 would be a " very dangerous year " , with " waves of challenges " hitting ministers and central bankers .
The fiscal stimulus packages now being planned or implemented by the world 's governments need to go further .
The danger , he said , was that it would be a case of " too little , too late " .
He also pointed to the additional danger that many Treasury departments around the world were planning to reverse their stimulus packages in 2010 .
He called on governments to follow the International Monetary Fund 's guidelines and boost their economies by 2 per cent of GDP through tax cuts and public spending increases .
So far , the European Union has committed to only a 1.5 per cent boost .
Again , Mr Zoellick warned that the world 's " blameless " poorest nations would be among the hardest hit , and that the World Bank estimated between 200,000 and 400,000 babies will die in poverty each year as a result of the downturn .
He pointed to a " fiscal gap " of between $ 270bn and $ 700 bn that needed to be plugged to rescue emerging economies most at risk , especially some in eastern Europe .
However , splits between the G20 participants are continuing to emerge .
The US Treasury Secretary , Timothy Geithner , is pressing for a new co-ordinated stimulus – but European governments , led by Germany , and the European Central Bank , are reluctant to take on more debt .
The German Finance minister , Peer Steinbrück , said that the world could face a serious inflation problem if it injects too much money into markets to combat the global recession .
" We injected a lot of money into the market , a lot of liquidity , we launched fiscal stimulus plans , short - term plans , that at a global level created huge credit growth ... particularly in the United States .
We have to confront a process which could quickly present the next problem ... not in the short term , but in the medium term , an inflation problem at a global level , " Mr Steinbrück said .
Mr Zoellick , recognising differences between the US and some EU powers over the right response to the crisis , stressed that even if they could agree on the right level of fiscal stimulus , that would not be enough – and that the world 's dysfunctional financial system was in desperate need of repair .
" Stimulus packages alone are not enough , " Mr Zoellick said .
" The International Monetary Fund research of some 122 fin-ancial and economic crises shows that turnaround can't happen unless you clean up the bad assets and recapitalise the banks ...
If you do n't take on the banking issue , the stimulus is just like a sugar high .
It pushes some energy into the system but then you get the letdown unless you reopen the credit markets . "
The Chancellor , Alistair Darling , who is chairing this weekend 's talks , said : " We 've got 80 per cent of the world 's economy sitting around one table , first this weekend and in a couple of weeks ' time in London .
We have the opportunity to demonstrate that we not only understand what needs to be done but we actually get on and do it .
I think in relation to the banking system the progress in sorting that out is frustratingly slow .
What we really need is commitment from people . "
Next month 's G20 summit , to be hosted by Gordon Brown , seems destined to be bogged down by arguments over virtually every aspect of the economic crisis , from the correct level of fiscal and monetary stimulus through banking regulation and protectionism .
The World Trade Organisation is preparing a paper on protectionist abuses by G20 members , which may embarrass some governments .
While most observers expect a united front and impressive - sounding words from the eventual communiqué , many will fear that the substance will be lacking .
Five artillery shells hit the children 's ward of a Sri Lankan hospital , killing at least nine and injuring 20 , according to aid agencies , as the army and rebels continue to bombard each other 's positions in the north of the island .
The first shell hit the hospital at Puthukkudiyiruppu , known locally as PTK , late last night killing two and injuring five , the International Committee of the Red Cross said .
The United Nations said the attacks had continued and its 15 staff and 81 family members had taken refuge in bunkers .
The dead include a four - year - old female relative of a UN staff worker .
Gordon Weiss , a spokesman for the UN in Colombo , told the Guardian the hospital was one of the last functioning health institutions , with beds for 500 patients , inside rebel - held territory and could not say why anybody would target it .
" Our office is next to the hospital in PTK , " he said .
" The hospital is the main refuge for people in the area .
It is overflowing with kids and women .
We are very concerned as both sides are using artillery .
The last communication that we had from our staff member on the ground was that they were still counting the dead . "
The International Committee of the Red Cross called on both sides to stop the shelling , saying in a statement " wounded and sick people , medical personnel and medical facilities are all protected by international humanitarian law .
Under no circumstance may they be directly attacked . "
With the Sri Lankan military attempting to squeeze the Tamil Tigers into a ever smaller patch of the north - eastern shore , fighting has become bloody and intense .
There are fears that the civilian death toll could rise .
Dr Thurairajah Varatharajah , the top government health official in the area , said last week more than 300 civilians had been killed in the recent fighting .
The army has denied killing civilians in its attempt to " eradicate " the rebels and end the island nation 's 25 - year - old civil war with the separatist group .
The country 's defence secretary , Gotabaya Rajapaksa , told the Guardian the army was not responsible for attacks on civilians and blamed the rebels , known formally as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) .
" The LTTE is trapped ...
They are firing shells everywhere …
These have fallen on civilians , " he said .
" We were accused of shelling homes , and the proof was that the roof was missing .
But it was the LTTE who had taken the roofs off the houses .
There were no blast marks on the walls . "
Last month , the former US deputy attorney general Bruce Fein , who is a longtime supporter of Tamil causes , said there was enough evidence to prosecute both the defence secretary and Sri Lanka 's army chief under the US genocide accountability act .
Sri Lanka 's defence secretary is a US citizen and the army chief holds a green card .
The Sri Lankan government has barred journalists from operating in the areak , offering only " guided tours " of the 15,000 square kilometres prised from rebel control by the army .
The military says the LTTE is down to its last 600 fighters .
The people who lived in the vast , forested area of Vanni , which used to be under LTTE control , have been scattered to either India or camps in central and eastern Sri Lanka , or have been left within the shrinking LTTE - controlled zone , thought to be barely 260 square kilometres .
The Red Cross estimates 250,000 civilians are in the rebel - held area , which is little more than jungle and villages , while the government says the number is smaller .
The rebels have been fighting since 1983 for a separate homeland for ethnic minority Tamils in the north and east after decades of marginalisation by governments controlled by the Sinhalese majority .
More than 70,000 people have been killed in the civil war .
Duncan on China
“ It would be difficult to discover any ( peacetime ) nation during the industrial age that had strayed further away from any kind of sustainable economic equilibrium than China has over the last 15 years … the economy has become dependent on double - digit loan growth to keep loss - making state - owned enterprises in business and China ’s huge workforce employed .
However , now that the country faces excess capacity and deflation at home , most new investments ( undertaken to expand industrial capacity still further ) can only be loss making if targeted at the domestic market .
In such an environment , the majority of new loans that are extended within China are destined to become non-performing .
If the banks continue to extend credit aggressively , the cost that the government will have to bear to bail out China ’s depositors may quickly exceed fiscal resources . ”
“ When China ’s trade surplus with the U.S. stops expanding , China could find itself burdened with excess industrial capacity , a bankrupt banking system , and insufficient fiscal resources to pull itself out of a deflation - induced liquidity trap similar to the one confronting Japan today .
China ’s imports from the rest of the world would then plunge dramatically , with a knock - on effect felt from South Korea to Brazil . ”
“ China has a bubble economy .
Economic bubbles are caused by excessive credit creation .
In China , the loan growth of the commercial banks has amounted to approximately 15 % per annum for almost 15 years .
To extend loans , banks must have deposits .
Much of the deposits the Chinese banks have extended as loans were earned when Chinese businesses exported their goods to the United States .
In 2001 , China ’s surplus with the US was equal to 7 % of China ’s GDP .
China ’s GDP growth that year was 8 % .
Without its trade surplus with the US , China ’s economy would have grown at a much slower pace — if at all — both because the exporter ’s profits would have been much worse and also because the banks would not have had enough deposits to allow them to expand lending so rapidly .
There are a number of problems with this economic model .
First , a very large percentage of the credit extended by the Chinese banks cannot be repaid : estimates of non-performing loans in the banking system range from 25 % to 50 % of all loans .
Next , credit expansion in China has already been so excessive that the supply of goods exceeds the purchasing power of the public by a considerable margin .
Consequently , prices are falling and China is experiencing deflation despite its rapid economic growth .
Finally , China cannot depend on maintaining such large trade surpluses with the US for very many more years .
The origins of China ’s rapid growth — credit creation and trade surpluses — are both unhealthy and unsustainable . ”
Richard Duncan ’s analysis of China has been consistently bleak for some time .
It has been a minority view , but his concerns about non-performing loans have had support from other sources :
“ Standard & Poor ’s warned yesterday that non-performing loan ratios in China have risen , and added that corporate defaults in 2008 may increase because of tighter credit controls and weakening demand from a slowing U.S. economy .
NPLs for the major commercial banks ( the big five plus the 12 joint - stock banks ) stood at 6.63 % of total loans at the end of September 2007 , and rose to 6.74 % by the end of December .
This may seem like a small increase in the ratio , but remember that this increase occurred during what can only be described as optimal times – the economy grew at well over 11 % in the 4th quarter , the country was flooded with new money , inflation increased faster than interest rates ( which causes debt payments to decline relative to revenues and asset values ) , loans expanded rapidly ( which should push the NPL ratio down ) , and equity issuance surged .
“ We can only guess what will happen if Chinese borrowers are hit by a combination of rising interest payments , slowing external demand and credit constraints .
There are already good reasons to suspect that the NPL ratios seriously underestimate the true extent of NPLs , and of course it is well known that most of the improvement in the NPL ratio during the last five years ( the NPL ratio was around 20 % in 2003 ) occurred because of the huge increase in loans outstanding – total loans outstanding grew by over 16 % in 2007 .
The question is whether that increase in loans , made during what can only be described as a party atmosphere , does n’t include a large amount of future bad loans . ”
And more recent news provides new support for his view that loan growth is leading to excess capacity and deflation :
“ China ’s new loans skyrocketed in the first two months of this year – new credit in these two months alone amounted to over 70 percent of last year ’s level …state - owned and state - controlled companies increased their investment by 35.6 percent in the first two months , and projects funded by the central government saw a 40.3 percent growth compared to last year …
If banks continue to extend credit into channels that wo n’t help the real economy , and if companies stick to their over - capacity instead of downsizing production , it is almost certain we will see even lower prices due to excessive supply . ”
Also , the combination of credit growth and over - capacity appears to be having unforeseen consequences :
“ Chinese companies may be using record bank lending to invest in stocks , fuelling a rally that ’s made the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index the world ’s best performer this year ”
Not unlike much of the rest of the world , China may already have entered the “ deflation - induced liquidity trap ” that Duncan warned about several years ago and its state - run banks may well be insolvent .
And , if we accept his analysis , then we have to acknowledge that of all the bubbles in the world the Chinese economic bubble is likely to make the loudest pop when it bursts .
UPDATE May 4 , 2009 : More evidence of the growth in non-perfoming loans comes from yesterday ’s post by Michael Pettis in which he reports on anecdotal information coming out of China that is :
“ certainly consistent with all the stories and rumors we hear about banks lending not because borrowers need money for specific ( hopefully profitable ) projects but rather because they want to show loan growth , and the safest way to do that is to convince large companies and projects with explicit or implicit government guarantees to borrow massive amounts of money … this is almost certainly a recipe for future growth in NPLs . ”
( CNN ) -- U.S. President Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announced Wednesday that their countries will soon begin negotiations on reducing their nuclear arsenals , according to a joint statement from the two leaders .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and President Obama talk Wednesday in London ahead of the G - 20 .
The announcement came after Obama and Medvedev met in London ahead of Thursday 's G - 20 summit .
The statement said the two leaders agreed that the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty on the Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms -- which expires in December -- " has completely fulfilled its intended purpose and that the maximum levels for strategic offensive arms recorded in the treaty were reached long ago . "
" They have therefore decided to move further along the path of reducing and limiting strategic offensive arms in accordance with U.S. and Russian obligations under Article VI of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons , " the joint statement said .
Watch Obama and Medvedev meet »
Negotiators from both countries will soon begin talks " to work out a new , comprehensive , legally binding agreement on reducing and limiting strategic offensive arms to replace the START Treaty , " the statement said .
Earlier , two senior Obama administration officials said another goal of the president 's meeting with Medvedev was to set a date for a U.S. - Russian summit in Moscow , Russia , this summer .
The joint statement said negotiators from both countries would report their progress on working out the new nuclear arsenal reduction agreement by July .
" The new agreement will mutually enhance the security of the parties and predictability and stability in strategic offensive forces , and will include effective verification measures drawn from the experience of the parties in implementing the START Treaty , " the statement said .
In a joint news conference Wednesday with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown -- ahead of his talks with Medvedev -- Obama emphasized that Russia and the United States also have a common interest in " reducing nuclear stockpiles and promoting nuclear non-proliferation " across the world .
Watch Obama , Brown statement ahead of world stage »
" One of the things I have always believed strongly is that both the United States and Russia and other nuclear powers will be in a much stronger position to strengthen what has become a somewhat fragile thread - bare nonproliferation treaty if we are leading by example and if we can take serious steps to reduce the nuclear arsenal , " Obama said .
" I think people on both sides of the Atlantic understand that as much as the constant cloud , the threat of nuclear warfare has receded since the Cold War , that the presence of these deadly weapons , their proliferation , the possibility of them finding their way into the hands of terrorists , continues to be the gravest threat to humanity .
What better project to start off than seeing if we can make progress on that front .
I think we can . "
The U.S. president said there 's been a rift in the past several years in the U.S. - Russian relationship .
" There are very real differences between the United States and Russia , and I have no interest in papering those over .
But there are also a broad set of common interests that we can pursue " and " great potential for concerted action , " Obama said .
Watch how U.S. and Russia plan to reset relations »
Along with the nuclear issue , Obama said , the countries " have an interest in stabilizing the world economy .
Both countries have an interest in finding a sustainable path for energy and dealing with some of the threats climate change that we discussed . "
Also on Wednesday , the White House released a statement saying that Obama will visit China this year .
Obama met Chinese President Hu Jintao as world leaders gathered in London for Thursday 's G - 20 summit .
Watch an assessment of Obama 's first G - 20 summit »
The two agreed to set up a high - level strategic and economic dialogue chaired by Cabinet - level representatives -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Secretary of the Treasury Timothy Geithner for the United States , and State Councilor Dai Bingguo and Vice Premier Wang Qishan for China .
Obama and Hu appear to have deferred the question of human rights , one of the greatest points of friction between the two sides .
" The two sides agreed to resume the human rights dialogue as soon as possible , " the White House statement said .
China did not immediately confirm the details of the U.S. announcement .
CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .
All About Nuclear Proliferation • Nuclear Weapons • Gordon Brown • Russia
In response to my recent reply to Henderson and Hummel 's defense of Alan Greenspan 's Fed , I received a number of e-mail messages .
They included one asking me for my two - cents concerning a dispute my correspondent was having with a friend of his who insisted that monetarism , and Milton Friedman 's monetarism in particular , had been a complete failure .
Although I realize that Austrian - school economists have themselves been highly critical of monetarism , many of its most fundamental claims are in fact fully consistent with their own understanding of monetary theory .
Indeed , back in the 1970s the difference between Austrian and monetarists writings about money seemed trivial compared to the difference between them and the writings of other ( broadly " Keynesian " ) economists .
I recall very well how I myself got " deprogrammed " from mainstream thinking about money and inflation by reading Henry Hazlitt 's wonderful book , The Inflation Problem , and How to Resolve It .
Hazlitt was , of course , a thoroughgoing Misesian .
Yet no one who reads his book can fail to note the many crucial similarities between his arguments and those of Milton Friedman concerning the same subject .
Consequently I came to the defense of monetarism , and of Milton Friedman .
Here is that defense , accompanied by the message that elicited it .
Professor Selgin ,
I 'm a relatively new reader of mises.org , and read your recent post about Greenspan .
I thought maybe you could help me settle an argument a friend and I are having about monetarism ( as defined by Friedman in the 70s ) .
My knowledge of it dates from about then , but my friend says that there were further developments in the 90s and earlier this decade when Friedman renounced it .
This is what my friend wrote :
So first , we can't ignore the fact that the modern father of monetarism ( Milton Friedman ) acknowledged in an FT interview in 2003 that it does n't work .
Importantly , Friedman knew of what he spoke because Israel , the Fed and the Bank of England all tried it in the late ' 70s and early ' 80s with disastrous results .
That Volcker 's three - year flirtation with it caused the worst recession since the Great Depression is not even debatable .
Secondly , Friedman as early as ' 84 had to admit how wrong he was ( this was when the economy started growing again - the experiment ended in October of ' 82 , but not soon enough to stave off massive GOP losses in Congress thanks to the collapsing economy ) because with the falling gold price suggesting a rising dollar in terms of value , Friedman went to everyone who would listen on Wall Street and said we were inflating .
His reasoning was M1 figures , but as anyone who understands M1 knows , it 's when a currency is more useful and worth holding onto that people hold it .
Friedman saw skyrocketing M1 figures as evidence that the Fed was creating too much money ( despite the collapsing gold price ) , but in truth the signal was just the opposite .
I can send you the quotes where Friedman admitted how incorrect he was when I get back to the office .
Beyond that , even if monetarism were useful , as in if the M signals told us anything worthwhile , there 's still no way the Fed can control the amount of dollars within these fifty states .
That is so because dollars are used around the world , and there are markets for dollars around the world .
Assuming the Fed sought to reduce the supply of dollars here , money would simply flow here from somewhere else .
Indeed , that 's what happened in the US and England when the dunces at the Fed actually believed Friedman 's theory might work .
So unless you can tell me how the Fed can control money supply here despite overwhelming evidence and logic showing it to be an impossibility , there 's not much I can do .
You can send me critical e-mails , but the ship on this subject has sailed .
If even Friedman finally admitted publicly that it did n't work ( in private , he admitted it long before ' 03 ) , is n't it time for the holdouts to give in ?
So , is my friend right ?
Is monetarism dead ?
I 'm happy to share some of my reactions to your friend 's statements about Friedman 's monetarism , for whatever they may be worth .
I should begin , though , by noting that " monetarism " has a broader meaning than the one your friend appears to assign to it .
To refer to Wikipedia 's definition , which I think is consistent with most economists ' understanding , including my own , monetarism as formulated by Friedman " argues that excessive expansion of the money supply is inherently inflationary , and that monetary authorities should focus solely on maintaining price stability . "
That " excessive " begs the question , but the point is that monetary authorities are in principle always capable of avoiding inflation through the exercise of sufficient monetary restraint , that is , by limiting the availability of currency and bank reserves , which they alone have the power to create or destroy .
I should think that , far from being considered " dead , " this perspective appears today perfectly banal .
Certainly it is as least implicitly accepted by all central banks that practice inflation targeting ( which includes those committed to Taylor rules and like formulas that include an inflation - target component ) .
In accepting responsibility for targeting inflation , central banks admit their ability to do so in principle by means of the instruments normally at their command , which mainly consist of devices for either expanding the stock of currency and bank reserves or altering the value of broad monetary assets capable of being supported by any given quantity of bank reserves .
But back in the 70s , monetarism understood this way was anything but banal .
I do n't know whether your friend was around then , or old enough to have been aware of either the economic circumstances or the state of economic theory at the time .
But whether he personally experienced it or not he is presumably aware of the rampant , very destructive , and accelerating inflation that had the entire world in its grip by the end of that decade .
The world inflation rate then approached 16 % .
England 's rate peaked at 25 % .
The U.S. rate was lower -- just shy of 13 % -- but even at that rate the price level would double every 5.5 years or so .
Israel 's inflation rate , finally , was 132 % !
Up to that time central bankers , encouraged by some really godawful economists , insisted on treating inflation as if it were some sort of plague from without , that they were struggling valiantly to combat ; while politicians were blaming it on consumers , who were urged to stop spending so much ( remember those WIN buttons ? ) , and on union leaders , who were scolded for demanding higher wages for their members .
In a famous publicity ploy Fed Chairman Arthur Burns posed with a baseball bat , as if he were set to knock inflation out of the economy .
Of course , Burns did n't do any such thing , and for a reason that should now seem obvious to all , namely , that that bat could n't possibly do any good unless someone used it to knock some economic sense into Burns and other central bankers like him , who were busy all along churning out vast quantities of money .
That , essentially , is what Friedman 's arguments for monetarism did , albeit not by actually educating clueless central bankers like Burns , but by helping to see to it that others with a better grasp of the cause of rising prices took their place .
Your friend , rather perversely I think , refers to the " disastrous results " that followed the monetary tightening of Volcker and other more monetarist - minded central bankers without even hinting at the facts that that the tightening was aimed at bringing down inflation rates , and that it succeeded remarkably well in doing precisely that .
In other words , the tightening did precisely what monetarism said it would do , and what monetarists ' critics at the time , wedded to the view that monetary policy was ineffective , and that inflation was entirely caused by OPEC ( or by unions , or by anything except monetary policy ) insisted it could not do .
And yet your friend imagines that the experience proved the monetarists wrong !
( In one respect , however , I agree that monetarism was wrong , namely , to the extent that it failed to recognize the need to allow inflation to occur to the extent that it was _solely_ due to falling output or productivity - - a case I have argued , along with the symmetrical one for letting prices fall as productivity improves , in my IEA pamphlet _ Less Than Zero_ . )
It is indeed true that the reduction of inflation came at a big price -- that Volcker 's tightening , for instance , succeeded in lowering inflation only in the wake of a severe recession .
But this possibility was , first of all , one concerning which monetarists were perfectly aware : they understood the danger that , once inflation , and accelerating inflation especially , came to be anticipated by the public , putting the breaks on money growth would result in prices and wages continuing for some time to rise beyond their new , less - rapidly rising equilibrium values , with a consequent rise in unemployment .
That is the tragic situation an economy finds itself in when it has allowed inflation to go on for an extended period of time .
No monetarist , certainly not Friedman , welcomed this side - effect of monetary restraint .
But then again , had Friedman been listened to earlier ( and had the likes of Paul Samuelson been ignored ) , things would never have come to this tragic stage .
By way of analogy , should we blame those who would end the war in Iraq , and who opposed it all along , for the tragic consequences that are likely to follow any rapid U.S withdrawal ?
So much for monetarism in the broad sense of the term .
It also has a narrower meaning , referring to the practice of implementing monetary policy by targeting a monetary aggregate rather than an interest rate .
Volcker 's anti-inflation campaign at first involved a turn to monetarism in this as well as the broader sense of the term ; and it was only monetarism in the narrow sense of money stock targeting that Volcker eventually abandoned , and that Friedman himself admitted ( around the same time ) to be unworkable .
The failure of monetary targeting was due to the fact that the demand for and velocity of money , as traditionally defined , which had once appeared to be a stable function of a small number of variables , had ceased to be so during the course of the 70s and early 80s , when high inflation led to numerous financial innovations , including the emergence of new financial assets that competed with and ultimately reduced the demand for traditional forms of money .
Here again , it is perfectly possible that money targeting might have continued to work well had it been practiced all along , and in a manner such as would have avoided the outbreak of severe inflation in the first place .
But in any event Friedman can hardly be blamed for having failed to anticipate financial innovations that no one else anticipated , either ; and it is to his credit that he rejected his own earlier practical prescriptions for implementing ( broad ) monetarist ideas in favor of new ones arrived at in light of new empirical evidence .
Your friend 's remarks include some statements of a more theoretical nature that seem to me incorrect .
Thus he observes that " as anyone who understands M1 knows , it 's when a currency is more useful and worth holding onto that people hold it .
Friedman saw skyrocketing M1 figures as evidence that the Fed was creating too much money ( despite the collapsing gold price ) , but in truth the signal was just the opposite . "
But while it is correct to say that the real quantity of currency ( or any other monetary measure ) in existence depends ultimately on the public 's real demand for currency ( or whatever ) , and that the Fed is therefore unable to control such real quantities , the growth rate of the nominal quantity of money in any of its forms is ultimately independent of real demand and dependent on Fed policy .
Currency is not an exception , despite the fact that the Fed only issues it in response to special demands from the banks to convert reserve credits into cash , because those demands themselves are conditioned on the overall growth of nominal money , with consumers seeking to retain a certain proportion of their broader money holdings in the form of currency .
In short , if the Fed wants to make the " demand " for currency grow , it is perfectly capable of doing so by pursuing an easy - money policy .
By the way , your friend 's opposite claim is precisely the defense lodged by hyper - inflating central bankers throughout modern history , including the administrators of the Reischbank in Weimer Germany and of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe lately .
" We are only trying to keep up with the demand for our notes ! "
Yes , any monetary economist worth his or her salt would reply , but the demand for currency is itself rising on account of rising prices !
As for the related suggestion that conventional measures like M1 do not reveal anything worthwhile for the conduct of monetary policy , here is a careful study of the matter that says otherwise :
http://www.richmondfed.org/publications/research/economic_quarterly/2000/fall/pdf/dotsey.pdf
Finally , as for the claim that the Fed can't possibly control the quantity of dollars in the U.S. ( and , by implication , U.S. inflation ) because substantial quantities of U.S. dollars are held abroad , it is rather beside the point , for what matters in determining the value of the dollar is in fact the world supply and demand for dollars .
( Imagine someone claiming , concerning a hypothetical world oil monopoly -- say , OPEC in a world without any rival oil producers -- is unable to influence the price of oil by restricting output because doing so would n't result in any substantial change in oil consumption in the OPEC nations themselves . )
Well , I doubt that any of this will persuade your friend to become a monetarist , but hope it will at least convince him not to be quite so inclined to dismiss it .
Sincerely ,
George Selgin
In previous post , I talked about JUnit Max Eclipse plugin .
Here ’s what latest version ’s test cloud view gives me :
Do n’t know what it ’s useful for yet but very promising .
By the way , beta testing is so cheap ( $ 2 a month .
In euros you cannot even buy a meal with the annual fee ;-) ) that you should try too .
The attention from Kent Beck towards his testers is very good .
Golden Gaytime is an iconic ice - cream in Australia , its name survived intact despite the homosexual connotations in modern decades .
The company just decided to play up the camp name with the boxes , holding the words " 4 delicious chances to have a gay time . "
Here 's a classic Golden Gaytime TV ad from the 80s , " Let the Gaytimes roll ! "
And a more recent Golden Gaytime TV ad ( hilarious ! ) :
Foundations of the Second Law of Thermodynamics
Lecture description :
Nine people give short arguments about 2nd law :
Seth Lloyd discusses the Maxwell demon paradox and the spin-echo effect , and how in some cases , in an apparent violation of the Second Law of Thermodynamics “ entropy goes up and whoa , goes down then up . ”
He notes that when the laws of thermodynamics appear not to be true , “ we simply revise our opinions and re-describe ” them , which is “ a pathetic situation . ”
Owen Maroney invokes “ straightforward statistical mechanical assumptions ” in his discussion of whether “ something can violate the Second Law or not , ” and raises Szilard ’s engine and Landauer ’s erasure principle .
Silviu Guiasu aims to show there is no contradiction between microscopic reversibility of classical mechanics , as described by Hamilton ’s equations of motion , and macroscopic irreversibility as described by the increase of entropy .
Ping
Ao believes the dynamics behind Darwinian evolution “ provide a natural framework ” for thermodynamics , and it remains to translate “ global statements to precise mathematical language . ”
Jochen Gemmer discusses bubbles in Hilbert space , while examining how we might overcome the apparent contradiction between quantum dynamics and thermodynamics .
Bernard Guy focuses on the link between the Second Law and the problem of time , seeking clues for understanding the opposition of reversibility and irreversibility .
He sees clashing constructs of time and space in the separate worlds of cognitivists and physicists .
Gian Paulo Berretta praises the seminal work and “ pioneering intuition ” of Keenan and Hatsopoulos , which inspires new answers to such fundamental issues as whether entropy is an intrinsic property of matter , and if irreversibility is an intrinsic feature of microscopic dynamics .
Speranta Gheorghiu -Svirschevski believes a nonlinear approach can help reconcile the Second Law and quantum evolution .
In particular , she looks for ways to “ reconcile locality and separability , ” while acknowledging that general wisdom says it ’s not exactly possible .
Dorion Sagan says that “ ever since Darwin , life has been considered an exception to the Second Law . ”
On the contrary , “ entropy , rather , energy spread , and evolution are inextricably linked . ”
Sagan suggests that “ life may just be another energy spreading system , ” and “ death is the name we give the inevitable disruption of a specific part of life ’s network . ”
Frontiers of the Second Law
Lecture description :
These nine panelists describe ways in which the Second Law of Thermodynamics can be stretched , or applied in less traditional ways .
Adrian Bejan has constructed a law that “ covers every configuration in physics , from animate , to inanimate , to us , the societal . "
Bejan demonstrates how his law describes and predicts the tree - shaped flow of all rivers , animal locomotion and human settlement distribution .
With it , says Bejan , “ thermodynamics becomes a science of systems with configuration … ”
Bjarne Andresen acknowledges “ many fights about the Second Law , ” before declaring his belief that “ entropy survives as a concept , and applies equally in the chemistry lab , to the quantum computer and to black holes . ”
He discusses the importance of carefully defining the system under examination beforehand , “ otherwise you get into fights with your neighbors . "
Miguel Rubi discusses how to use the Second Law to extract information about the evolution of small systems .
Unlike “ canonical thermodynamics , ” which describe systems in terms of energy , volume and mass , mesoscopic thermodynamics focuses on systems in terms of positions and movement of particles .
Some examples of processes explicable by this kind of thermodynamics include the translocation of ions , RNA unfolding under tension , and muscular contractions .
Signe Kjelstrup argues that mesoscopic nonequilibrium thermodynamics ( MNET ) can address a longstanding problem in classical nonequilibrium thermodynamics , by addressing “ activated processes . ”
Biological systems have heat flow , says Kjelstrup , and “ that is as of yet not included in the description of enzyme kinetics .
It should be there to quantify lost work in these important systems . ”
“ An important question arising in nonequilibrium thermodynamics is not just entropy but temperature , ” says David Jou , in particular , “ the physical meaning of temperature . ”
Jou invokes the extended thermodynamics of viscoelastic systems , and looks for a simple model valid for a modest range of equations .
Miroslav Grmela suggests that any time one goes from details to some kind of pattern , “ there is an entropy involved … by providing some kind of dissipation , some pattern recognition process . ”
Grmela believes that thermodynamics … “ find a natural formulation in the setting of contact geometry . ”
Lyndsay Gordon ’s talk involves Maxwellian valves .
He discusses “ a machine based on an osmophoretic engine , ” a simple system with a liquid membrane , solvent and solute , “ that is fluctuating completely forever , ” without information .
“ This thing goes by itself , ” he says .
Eric Schneider discerns “ laws of ecology ” in such gradient systems as the energy flow between the sun and earth .
“ We can determine “ … heat and entropy production in the system , ” as well as “ ecological successions and directional processes that directly tie them to Darwinian evolution . ”
He advises his colleagues “ to encourage policy makers to use exergy analyses on future energy development projects . ”
Symposium organizer George Hatsopoulos wraps up by noting “ that as far as I know in thermodynamics , there is no statement that says the Second Law implies the increase of entropy .
The Second Law only says that the entropy cannot decrease , but there ’s nothing wrong with entropy staying put . ”
We have evidence that in some cases it appears the entropy increases , but that ’s not the “ Second Law . ”
The Second Law and Statistical Mechanics
Lecture description :
Lecture is given by Dick Bedeaux .
He patiently traces the evolution of the second law of thermodynamics from its formulation in the mid-19th century through today , from the perspective of statistical mechanics .
In its earliest form , as laid out by Rudolf Clausius , the law states that the entropy of the world always increases .
This proposition in some sense launched the field of thermodynamics , according to Bedeaux : “ It got going in order to understand exactly where the laws came from . ”
There was particular interest in exploring entropy in terms of the motions of particles .
Scientists began refining theories around the behavior of gas in equilibrium , looking at density , velocity distribution , potential energy and heat conductivity .
After Maxwell and Boltzmann appeared to have succeeded at a proof of the second law , other scientists questioned its validity :
If Newton ’s equations are reversible , they reasoned , why ca n’t a system in some sense reverse velocities and return along the same path ?
Others worked out the recurrence paradox , that “ if you take any kind of motion in phase space and follow trajectories , that trajectory after a sufficiently long time will come arbitrarily close to the original point … ”
These two paradoxes posed a fundamental challenge to proofs of the second law .
The debate continued through the end of the 19th century , into the 20th , with additional efforts to refine the notion of entropy using concepts of probability -- courtesy of the burgeoning discipline of statistical mechanics , according to Bedeaux .
This field enabled better descriptions of equilibrium and non-equilibrium states .
There was “ a lot of progress , ” says Bedeaux : Einstein explained Brownian motion in 1905 , and closer to our own era , scientists “ punched a hole in the argument about the recurrence paradox , ” using probabilistic descriptions .
Nevertheless , in our own times , “ in non-equilibrium statistical mechanics , there is as yet no fully satisfactory derivation of the second law . ”
To meet this challenge , a proof should provide a simple mechanical example , “ like hard discs between reflecting walls , in order to be convincing . ”
While equations of motion on the microscopic level incorporating the idea of irreversibility demonstrate entropy production , it ’s uncertain “ whether Mother Nature believes this herself -- we must do experiments to verify , ” concludes Bedeaux .
The Second Law and Quantum Physics
Lecture description :
In this often droll lecture on a very abstract subject , Charles Bennett explores entropy , “ one of my long loves , ” and how it relates to quantum information .
He first reminds his audience that such information is reducible to qubits , a two - state system that can exist in a superposition of states -- such as the polarized photon .
Bennett believes that “ quantum mechanics helps resolves the paradox or puzzle of the origin of the second law ” of thermodynamics — the irreversible increase of entropy .
Classical science might invoke chaos dynamics or environmental effects to explain entropy .
The quantum way of viewing it involves entanglement .
In classical mechanics , when two subsystems in a definite state interact “ by some deterministic reversible interaction , ” there will be a definite output for each subsystem .
“ The entropy of the whole thing will be 0+0=0 . ”
But while the entropy output of two quantum systems interacting might be 0 , the individual subsystems manage to have “ as much entropy as they could possibly have . ”
This is due to entanglement , “ a state of the whole system that cannot be described by attributing states to its parts .
Two entangled photons can be said to be in a definite state of sameness even though neither has a polarization of its own . ”
Bennett acknowledges “ this is an idea that ’s hard to explain to many people , ” although he believes that back in 1967 , during the Summer of Love , many people “ could understand this from an intuitive sense , if not mathematically . ”
Bennett plays with the famous evanescence of quantum information , noting that the photons illuminating him fill up the room with “ optical replicas of the shape of my nose . ”
But where do they go ?
He says , “ If no record is made of which path a photon follows through an interferometer , or if a record is made but then unmade , the photons will have followed a superposition of both paths .
Putting it in slightly theological terms , after the experiment is over , even God does n’t remember which path it followed . ”
Most classical information , such as “ a pattern of snowflakes or grains of rice in last night ’s dinner , ” is impermanent , though occasionally frozen by a fossil - like process , Bennett says .
It ’s like a medallion he saw in a flea market : “ In 1832 , on this spot , nothing happened . ”
But even if information in our physical world is doomed to vanish , in spite of our digital - age efforts to duplicate everything , “ the particular physics of our universe ” viewed from the perspective of quantum dynamics , seems to “ evolve in a complexity - increasing manner , under appropriate conditions , ” concludes Bennett .
The Second Law and Cosmology
Lecture description :
In spite of its old age , the Second Law of Thermodynamics “ is alive and kicking , ” says Max Tegmark , stimulating research on “ really , really big puzzles . ”
In Tegmark ’s case , “ big ” encompasses the cosmos , and investigating the entropy of the universe offers one path into understanding “ how we started out . ”
Tegmark frames his talk with paradoxical questions :
Why is entropy so low , and why is entropy so high ?
The first question is “ crucial to understanding the arrow of time , ” and involves the microscopic definition of entropy .
13.7 billion years after the Big Bang , entropy in the observable universe is in “ the ballpark of 1089 bits -- crudely speaking , a google . ”
This is much lower than the theoretical limit to how much entropy our cosmos could contain .
Also , Tegmark wonders , why has our solar system ended up so far from thermal equilibrium , since when the universe was younger , the temperature was almost the same everywhere ?
It turns out that in cosmology , unlike classical physics , atoms start out at uniform density and end up , abetted by gravity , “ clumpy , ” with gas getting denser and forming stars .
Tegmark shows a supercomputer simulation of this process , which depicts the evolution of a universe with galaxies and solar systems like our own .
Different temperatures in the universe are n’t due to magic , he says , just Einstein ’s theory of gravity and basic gas physics .
But , Tegmark ponders , why was the universe uniform in the beginning ?
One “ crazy sounding answer ” involves inflation .
A tiny region of space much smaller than an atom , which is very uniform and very dense , begins to expand exponentially , until it makes up all space in our known universe .
It gets weirder .
Tegmark invokes inflation to explain not only the low entropy of the cosmos , but its high entropy as well .
That same 1089 bits can also be viewed as “ such a big number that it suggests … that we ’re in some kind of multiverse , or some much larger reality than what we can observe . ”
The initial conditions that make up these 10 to the 89th bits “ just tell us where in space we live , our address in space . ”
We should call the Big Bang “ not the beginning but the end of inflation in this part of space . …
If we zoom out in the universe , we should expect to see much more entropy . ”
If you do n’t get this intuitively , that ’s OK , Tegmark reassures us , but “ if we categorically reject ideas in science just because they feel crazy , we will probably reject whatever the correct theory is , too . ”
The Second Law and Biophysics
Lecture description :
“ Biology is messy , ” says Kenneth Dill , and it ’s “ heavily about entropy . ”
Just look at how biological systems repeat entropy at every possible turn : a parent cell making two daughter cells , sending one DNA molecule to each ; and the process of biochemical reactions , with water getting stripped off the molecules .
Dill is convinced that the “ language of biology in the future will be nonequilibrium statistical mechanics . ”
He ’s engaged in experiments that explore how dynamical laws apply to very small biological systems , such as those inside cells .
Traditional macro- scale dynamics , explains Dill , have laws where concentration gradients or temperature gradients drive flux .
But inside cells , there are elements that sometimes contain five molecules , and then in the next instant , 500 molecules .
The question is how to think about these highly fluctuating quantities in terms of dynamics .
To that end , researchers have been devising experiments to describe the dynamics of micro systems .
Dill ’s colleagues have built a microfluidics apparatus that plots the diffusion of microscopic particles over time , their probable routes and rates .
To help frame this work , and make predictions about comparable systems , they use an analogy to entropy , described as caliber .
Just as there can be maximum entropy , there can be maximum caliber -- “ an extremum principle that predicts the dynamical laws , just as maximum entropy predicts equilibrium , ” says Dill .
This way of modeling fluxes deals with the likely trajectories and speeds traveled by particles within a certain time period .
Dill also describes how statistical mechanics applies in the “ dog- flea model . ”
Scientists calculate the probabilities of fleas jumping from one dog to another , and of going up against a concentration gradient .
Dill says this model can be used “ to argue in the simplest way how diffusion works , ” to predict flux distribution .
Scientists have also worked out an experiment to model two - state kinetic processes , such as single ion channels opening and closing .
Colloidal particles wiggling in adjacent laser traps can jump over barriers from one trap to the other , depending on the height of the barrier and the depth of the well .
This allows researchers to count trajectories , and to measure “ the full dynamical distribution functions . ”
The value of the maximum caliber approach , Dill says , is that you get data about the first moment of the system in state “ and from them you can predict everything else . ”
Says Dill , “ One of the great things about having an extremum principle and partition - based approach is it turns out all kinds of analogies with normal thermodynamics . ”
So far , researchers have only taken the earliest steps to illustrate this new tack .
“ The potential power of caliber has n’t been tested yet , ” believes Dill .
The Second Law and Energy
Lecture description :
This Nobel Prize - winning scientist admits to staying up late the night before his talk to bone up on thermodynamics .
He puts his research to good use , discussing the history and application of the laws of thermodynamics , which have served as “ the scientific foundation of how we harness energy , and the basis of the industrial revolution , the wealth of nations . ”
Taking Watt ’s 1765 steam engine , Stephen Chu illustrates basic principles of thermodynamics -- that energy is conserved , that you can do work from heat , especially when you maximize the difference in temperature in the system and minimize heat dissipation from friction .
Chu offers another form of the laws :
You ca n’t win ; you ca n’t break even ; and you ca n’t leave the game .
The game has n’t changed all that much in the past few centuries .
Nations now burn coal for electricity , achieving around 40 % thermal efficiency .
Natural gas can be harnessed at higher efficiencies still , and if we could deploy temperature - resistant metals for boilers , even less energy would go to waste .
This is a pressing matter , points out Chu , because the planet can no longer afford wanton use of carbon - based fuels .
With too much CO2 , our global “ heat engine ” has begun to tip toward a point of no return .
So the big question for Chu is whether science can design “ entropy engines that can generate sustainable ( carbon - free ) energy sources .
He describes efforts to capture sunlight with improved solar cells , but notes that a silicon shortage , expensive chips , and a learning curve dictated by Moore ’s law mean the technology wo n’t be widely deployed for 10 - 15 years -- not fast enough in the battle against climate change .
Chu likes the efficiencies of power generation from wind , but there ’s a limit to turbine size , and the U.S. high voltage transmission network needs a complete and expensive makeover to take full advantage of wind .
Forget corn as biofuel , he counsels , since it “ barely breaks even in terms of CO2 saved , ” and focus instead on perennial grasses like miscanthus .
Chu ’s lab and others are looking for microbes that can help turn these plants more readily into fuels .
Another potentially rich energy source , Chu says , involves converting sun light into fuel the way plants do in photosynthesis .
But “ how does nature split water ? ” asks Chu .
Science has n’t entirely figured out the molecular machinery that turns water into oxygen and hydrogen .
Deriving bioenergy through artificial photosynthesis may mean considering entropy and other basic laws in a different light , Chu suggests .
“ Nature turns out to be very good . ”
J.H. Keenan 's Contribution to Thermodynamics
Lecture description :
Joseph Henry Keenan , whom this symposium honors , died in 1977 , but his groundbreaking work continues to influence the field of thermodynamics , as his colleagues , protégés and scientific descendants attest .
Keenan ’s efforts had practical outcomes , such as determining the properties of steam , which boosted the electric power industry .
But as Ahmed Ghoniem says , Keenan ’s exploration and reformulation of the laws of thermodynamics helped place this field in the center of such diverse , contemporary disciplines as the life sciences , energy , information , computation and the nanosciences .
“ The field has grown from a model of the heat engine to a set of fundamental principles that govern energy conversion in all forms . ”
Keenan played a powerful role in MIT ’s history as well , notes Susan Hockfield .
In Keenan ’s 40 years at the Institute , he served as a model teacher .
He founded a school of thought and shaped the teaching and application of thermodynamics worldwide .
His research “ combined developing practical engineering tools with providing explanations of deep subtlety , ” and he set a standard for academic leadership , heading the Department of Mechanical Engineering in the difficult post - Sputnik era .
To George Hatsopoulos , Keenan was “ my mentor , my friend …
His intuition was so unbelievably right ; he always led me the right way . ”
Hatsopoulos shares personal anecdotes about Keenan ’s rigorous thinking and precision with language , and offers two short video clips taken by Keenan ’s daughter shortly before his death that reveal his method of inquiry .
Hatsopoulos suggests that were Keenan alive , he would ask the symposium presenters and audience the following question : “ Is entropy an intrinsic property of any system , whether microscopic or macroscopic , whether in a state of equilibrium or nonequilibrium ? “
Teaching the Second Law
Lecture description :
Robert Silbey is an old hand at teaching chemistry ( 40 years and counting ) , yet each time he turns to the Second Law of Thermodynamics , he ’s “ always very nervous . ”
From this panel of educators , we get a sense of how challenging a classroom subject the Second Law can be .
Joseph Smith notes that the teaching approach “ depends on the application , ” and applications are both theoretical and practical .
Students must first ask what is entropy , and why is it needed , says Smith .
He focuses on “ idealizations that often get ignored , ” such as isolation , equilibrium and system boundaries .
“ If we do n’t get those straight in the beginning student ’s mind , then there ’s a lot of confusion . ”
To Howard Butler ’s way of thinking , “ teaching the Second Law is much more difficult and challenging a task than teaching Newton ’s Second Law of Motion , ” both because the concepts involved are so much more complex and abstract , and because the Second Law takes on very different forms depending on which thermodynamic domain is being considered . ”
Andrew Foley “ tries not to worry too much about what entropy is . ”
Instead , he handles the whole concept as if it were an accounting problem : “ money being moved through a mint . ”
We can “ shove the property of energy instead of money , and produce a form of accounting for energy equations . ”
Says Foley , “ First Law , Second Law -- it ’s all accounting . ”
As engineering and biology converge , “ it ’s important that students understand the thermodynamics of biological molecules , ” says Kim Hamad - Schifferli .
She demonstrates the Boltzmann distribution with such biological examples as the coiling of DNA from its double - stranded to single - stranded form .
Hamad - Schifferli acknowledges that entropy is very difficult for students to grasp viscerally , and that “ one thing that helps greatly is the lattice model -- the entropy of mixing two gases , for example . ”
Bernhardt Trout also invokes Boltzmann , “ who believed in atoms vehemently , without substantive proof . ”
This is because “ he did n’t want to believe in the soul , he wanted to believe we are nothing but matter and motion . ”
Trout says that while we can get a more accurate , mathematical description of atoms , “ we owe it to our students to teach them about these most fundamental issues to try to reengage the original questions in the original context in which they existed . ”
Jeffery Lewins reminisces about being “ Keenanized ” during his college years .
He notes that “ in the great book , Professor Keenan uses the energy - entropy volume space quite late to discuss equilibrium . ”
Lewins suggests that more can be made of this space in teaching .
Enzo Zanchini discusses “ a rigorous definition of entropy valid also for nonequilibrium states . ”
He considers closed systems , and lays out a thorough set of basic definitions , going over the First Law and energy , and the Second Law and entropy .
“ There are so many textbooks on thermodynamics , so many schools of thought , says Michael von Spakovsky because “ there is not a whole lot of agreement on a lot of things . ”
He recounts how a unified theory developed at MIT helped resolve key issues in thermodynamics , by proposing “ a broader , self - consistent quantum kinematics and dynamics .
…
Entropy becomes an intrinsic property of matter , including single particles . ”
The Perfect Lens : Resolution Beyond the Limits of Wavelength
Lecture description :
According to 1 Corinthians , “ For now , we see through a glass , darkly . ”
But according to Sir John Pendry , now we can actually see through perfectly – not through glass , though .
The perfect view is a product of materials science married to theoretical genius , Pendry ’s insights into the physics of light and the surprising concept of “ negative refraction . ”
We have all observed refraction , in the deep end of a swimming pool , for example , where the water looks shallower than it really is .
In fact , you can easily calculate the refractive index of water : it ’s the actual depth divided by the apparent depth .
Unfortunately , that is the only simple mathematical idea in this lecture .
The index of refraction in nature is always greater than zero .
Building on ideas from Fermat and Maxwell – whose equations , especially the parameters magnetic permeability and electric permittivity , are central to the argument – Pendry uses geometry to persuade us that refraction can in principle be negative .
His argument was sharply disputed in the physics literature , and Pendry jokes that he earned his knighthood in combat , using equations as lances .
Why was this controversy so heated ?
The theory points to a marvelous conclusion : in a material with a refractive index of exactly negative one ( - 1 ) , the optical distance from an object to its image exactly cancels out .
In other words , the image is the object , and therefore we can say that such material functions as a perfect lens .
This would enable scientists to defeat a limitation previously considered fundamental : that no lens can resolve more finely than the wavelength of light .
Thanks to negative refraction , Sir John claimed , a perfect lens could resolve produce a sharp image of objects smaller than the light used to illuminate them .
Proof came from experiments .
Because no natural material demonstrates negative refraction , scientists harnessed metamaterials ( a term coined only in 1999 ) .
A metamaterial is defined not by its composition but by its structure – a manmade , three - dimensional , periodic cellular architecture designed to produce an optimized response to specific excitation .
Researchers at UC San Diego , Boeing , Berkeley , and elsewhere have now produced clear , sharply focused images of text and gratings inscribed at sub-nanometer scales but illuminated at much longer wavelengths .
Pendry emphasizes that negative refraction is still a radically new concept in optics , so truly breakthrough industrial applications have yet to be imagined .
But just as the laser developed from a laboratory curiosity to revolutionize medicine and communications , Sir John expects that negative refraction may have enormous potential .
“ Maybe one of the young grad students in the audience , ” he concludes , “ will go out and build this stuff , and hopefully make a few billions that he gives back to MIT . ”
Death By Black Hole
Lecture topics :
Black Holes Coming to Our Senses .
Quantum Mechanics : Defying Common Sense . Importance of Black Holes .
Vagabonds of the Solar System .
Pluto Not a Planet . Goldie Locks .
Satellite Europa .
Origins of Life .
Death by Black Hole .
The Asteroid Apophis : Friday 13th 2029 .
Man or Robotic Space Travel .
Cosmological - Religious Debate .
Thought Experiment .
Particle Accelerators .
Most Relevant Astrophysicist Work .
The Trials of J. Robert Oppenheimer
Movie plot :
J. Robert Oppenheimer was brilliant , arrogant , proud , charismatic — and a national hero .
Under his leadership during World War II , the United States succeeded in becoming the first nation to harness the power of nuclear energy to create the ultimate weapon of mass destruction — the atomic bomb .
But after the bomb brought the war to an end , in spite of his renown and his enormous achievement , America turned on him , humiliated him , and cast him aside .
The question this film asks is , “ Why ? ”
A beautiful new theory of everything
Video description :
Physicist and surfer Garrett Lisi presents a controversial new model of the universe that - just maybe - answers all the big questions .
If nothing else , it 's the most beautiful 8 - dimensional model of elementary particles and forces you 've ever seen .
Related Posts
This month I have a bunch of video lectures on thermodynamics and popular - science physics .
The thermodynamics videos are exclusively on the 2nd law of thermodynamics , its foundations , teaching , history , and applications in statistical mechanics , quantum physics , cosmology and biophysics .
The popular - science physics videos include lectures about black holes , perfect optical lenses , famous physicist Robert Oppenheimer , and theory of everything .
This is the 9th post about physics video lectures actually , see the previous eight here : 1 Have fun with these physics video courses and until next time !
Yet more information is trickling out on the BushCo torture regime .
Via Jeralyn , the Seton Hall Law Center for Policy and Research ( the watchdogs on the bogus released - prisoners - turned - terrorist numbers ) have issued a new report [ pdf ] on the FBI and DoD role in torture at Guantanamo .
From the press release :
Newark , NJ - Today Seton Hall Law delivered a report establishing that military officials at the highest levels were aware of the abusive interrogation techniques employed at the detention camp at Guantánamo Bay ( GTMO ) , and misled Congress during testimony .
In addition , FBI personnel reported that the information obtained from inhumane interrogations was unreliable .
Professor Mark Denbeaux , Director of the Seton Hall Law Center for Policy and Research , commented on the findings : " Who knew about the torture at GTMO ?
Turns out they all did .
It 's not news that the interrogators were torturing and abusing detainees .
We 've got FBI reports attesting to this .
But now we 've discovered that the highest levels knew about the torture and abuse , and covered it up .
" Abu Ghraib was the flashpoint and provoked the FBI to formally hand its reports to the DOD , which in turn forced the DOD to respond with what became known as the Schmidt Report .
Schmidt 's investigation was essentially a whitewash , but , ironically , the abuse was so pervasive that his team turned up still more incidents .
To conceal the problems documented by both the FBI and the military , the DOD published an incomplete , sanitized report , culminating in Schmidt testifying before Congress that there was no torture or abuse at GTMO .
" Five generals were either complicit in the abusive interrogation techniques or were central figures in their cover -up .
They concealed these practices from Congress , to which they are ultimately accountable .
They undermined our democracy , and undercut America 's claim to the moral high ground in the fight against terror . "
The information Professor Denbeaux and his students have used to compile this , and twelve other Guantanmo reports , comes from government documents obtained through FOIA requests .
And that does n't include the remaining toture memos that the Justice Department seems reluctant to release .
It seems that the truth , or at least parts of it , will out .
These kinds of revelations will come out in dribs and drabs , from dedicated groups like the Seton Hall students and the ACLU , and from a variety of investigative journalists , perhaps even conscience stricken whistleblowers .
It 's inevitable that more and more damaging information will come to light .
Which argues again for our Congress and Obama 's Justice Department to be proactive rather than reactive in dealing with it .
Set aside the fact that we are legally obligated under international treaties to investigate potential war crimes .
Forget that an official accounting of crimes committed in all of our names is the moral , ethical thing to do .
Looked at through a purely political prism , every report like this , every news story about a foreign country investigating American torture , makes it increasingly worse for us in the eyes of the remainder of the world for there to be no official American government investigations .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A rescued hedgehog that is four times the size of a normal animal is having her food intake restricted to help her slim down .
Huff Puff tips the scales at 2.04kg ( 4lb 6 oz ) while the average female hedgehog weighs about 600g ( 1.3lb ) .
Maureen Webb , who runs the Furze Pig Hedgehog Rescue Centre in Herefordshire , said the podgy hedgehog just kept " growing and growing " .
A Concurrent ML Library in Concurrent Haskell
Avik Chaudhuri
A Functional I/O System , Or , Fun for Freshman Kids
Matthias Felleisen , Robert Bruce Findler , Matthew Flatt and Shriram Krishnamurthi
A Theory of Typed Coercions and its Applications
Nikhil Swamy , Michael Hicks and Gavin Bierman
A Universe of Binding and Computation
Daniel Licata and Robert Harper
Attribute Grammars Fly First - Class :
How to do aspect oriented programming in Haskell
Marcos Viera , S. Doaitse Swierstra and Wouter S. Swierstra
Automatically RESTful Web Applications
Or , Marking Modular Serializable Continuations
Jay McCarthy
Beautiful differentiation
Conal Elliott
Biorthogonality , Step - Indexing and Compiler Correctness
Nick Benton and Chung - Kil Hur
Causal Commutative Arrows and Their Optimization
Hai Liu , Eric Cheng and Paul Hudak
Complete and Decidable Type Inference for GADTs
Tom Schrijvers , Simon Peyton Jones , Martin Sulzmann and Dimitrios Vytiniotis
Control - Flow Analysis of Function Calls and Returns by Abstract Interpretation
Jan Midtgaard and Thomas P. Jensen
Effective Interactive Proofs for Higher - Order Imperative Programs
Adam Chlipala , Gregory Malecha , Greg Morrisett , Avraham Shinnar and Ryan Wisnesky
Experience Report : Embedded , Parallel Computer - Vision with a Functional DSL
Ryan Newton and Teresa Ko
Experience Report : Haskell in the RealWorld
Curt Sampson
Experience Report : OCaml for an industrial - strength static analysis framework
Pascal Cuoq and Julien Signoles
Experience Report : Ocsigen , a Web Programming Framework
Vincent Balat , Jérôme Vouillon and Boris Yakobowski
Experience Report : seL4 -- Formally Verifying a High - Performance Microkernel
Gerwin Klein , Philip Derrin and Kevin Elphinstone
Experience Report : Using Objective Caml to develop safety - critical embedded tool in a certification framework
Bruno Pagano , Olivier Andrieu , Thomas Moniot , Benjamin Canou , Emmanuel Chailloux , Philippe Wang , Pascal Manoury and Jean - Louis Colaco
Finding Race Conditions in Erlang with QuickCheck and PULSE
Koen Claessen , Michal Palka , Nicholas Smallbone , John Hughes , Hans Svensson , Thomas Arts and Ulf Wiger
Free Theorems Involving Type Constructor Classes
Janis Voigtlaender
Generic programming with fixed points for mutually recursive datatypes
Alexey Rodriguez , Stefan Holdermans , Andres Löh and Johan Jeuring
Identifying Query Incompatibilities with Evolving XML Schemas
Pierre Geneves , Nabil Layaida and Vincent Quint
Implementing First - Class Polymorphic Delimited Continuations by a Type- Directed Selective CPS - Transform
Tiark Rompf , Ingo Maier and Martin Odersky
La Tour D'Hanoï
Ralf Hinze
Non-Parametric Parametricity
Georg Neis , Derek Dreyer and Andreas Rossberg
OXenstored : an efficient hierarchical and transactional database using functional programming with reference cell comparisons
Thomas Gazagnaire and Vincent Hanquez
Parallel Concurrent ML
John Reppy , Claudio Russo and Yingqi Xiao
Partial Memoization of Concurrency and Communication
Lukasz Ziarek , KC Sivaramakrishnan and Suresh Jagannathan
Purely Functional Lazy Non-deterministic Programming
Sebastian Fischer , Oleg Kiselyov and Chung- chieh Shan
Runtime Support for Multicore Haskell
Simon Marlow , Simon Peyton Jones and Satnam Singh
Safe Functional Reactive Programming through Dependent Types
Neil Sculthorpe and Henrik Nilsson
If you are considering that you can not grow the fresh fruits , vegetables without soils and fertilizers then you are wrong .
Now soils and fertilizers are not necessary for gardening .
Jim Ruck has introduced a Eco friendly gadget which can grow vegetables and fruits inside your home without soils and fertilizers .
For designer Jim Ruck has popped up with a revolutionary technology that grows plants and vegetables without using the soil and fertilizers .
Hailed as ‘ Hydroponic Garden , ’ the portable table or desk unit enhancing the decor becomes an integral part of modern living spaces .
While the plants gets water and other important nutrients via misters located underneath the top surface ( vegetation ) .
The radical home garden not just gives an elegant look to your place but also grows natural plants without even messing up with frenzied garden work .
You can not ask for more than that !
If you want to get fresh supply of vegetables , fruits and herbs then you may go for the Hydroponic plant growing technology and it is possible without investing hard work and time in garden .
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) --
An internationally known Catholic priest sometimes called " Father Oprah " has been removed from his posts in Florida after published photos showed him lying down bare - chested in an embrace with a woman on a beach .
The photos of the Cuban - American priest appeared on the cover of this week 's TV Notas magazine .
The Rev. Alberto Cutie ( pronounced koo - tee - AYE ) -- who got the nickname " Father Oprah " because of the advice he gives on Spanish - language media -- remains a priest .
But he was relieved Tuesday of his duties at St. Francis De Sales Church in Miami Beach , Florida , and at the Radio Paz and Radio Peace networks , said a " deeply saddened " Miami , Florida , Archbishop John C. Favalora .
The photos of the Cuban - American priest appeared on the cover and on eight inside pages of this week 's TV Notas magazine .
The cover says in Spanish : " Good God. Padre Alberto .
First photos of a priest ' in flagrante ' with his lover . "
In a message posted on the Miami archdiocese Web page , the archbishop apologized to parishioners and radio listeners for what he called a " scandal . "
" Father Cutie made a promise of celibacy and all priests are expected to fulfill that promise with the help of God , " Favalora said .
" Father Cutie 's actions cannot be condoned despite the good works he has done as a priest . "
Cutie apologized in an online statement Tuesday , saying he " wants to ask for forgiveness if my actions have caused pain and sadness .
... I assure you that my service and dedication to God remain intact . "
Watch pictures that led to priest 's dismissal . »
Other media outlets throughout Latin America , including the official Notimex news agency in Mexico , picked up the story on Tuesday , and it became an Internet sensation .
Cutie has millions of followers in the Spanish - speaking world .
" We got a bunch of calls from sobbing women , " said Miami archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Ross Agosta .
Archdiocese officials declined to say where Cutie was Tuesday or what his new assignment might be .
A woman who answered the telephone Wednesday at St. Francis De Sales said , " He is no longer here . "
The identity of the woman in the photos remained publicly unknown Wednesday .
Cutie was ordained in May 1995 and was the first Catholic priest to host a daily talk show on a major secular television network , his information on the Linked In online professional network says .
In addition to his TV and radio appearances , he has written newspaper advice columns and a self - help book , " Real Life , Real Love . "
He was president and general director of Pax Catholic Communications , home of Radio Paz and Radio Peace in Miami .
CNN 's John Zarrella and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .
All About The Roman Catholic Church
Your browser is too old or not supported by eKantipur .
Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience .
According to a study done by the BBI Norwegian School of Management , those who freely download music from file - sharing sites and elsewhere buy ten times more music ( yes , they actually pay for it ) than people who do not participate in file - sharing systems .
In fact , the figure that the report cites for the amount spent by the file - sharing subculture is so high that the record industry does n't believe it .
Well , I sure do , mainly because of an observation I made back in the late 1990s .
And I 've harped on this observation ever since .
This research just confirms my suspicions .
The simple fact is that during the Napster eraa period in which there was no significant musical movement that would trigger any excitement in the business CD sales increased .
As Napster got bigger , sales continued to increase .
As Napster was shut down , you could see CD sales decline , and once they put the lid on open file - sharing , the industry went into a tailspin .
I never believed this to be a coincidence .
The RIAA and the music industry in general blamed the tailspin on Napster and piracy , harping on the concept of " stealing . "
The overlooked fact in all this was that with the advent of national radio syndicates and the niche programming that began to flourish in the '90s , people were not easily introduced to new music .
There were fewer ways to discover bands and music you liked so that you could go buy those CDs in the first place .
This coincided with the demise of the disc jockey ( a music nut who kept tabs on trends ) .
The record industry was essentially doomed at this moment of change .
With its ability to show and share collections of music , became the ersatz virtual DJ , letting you self - select bands and singers who appealed to your individual taste .
You did this by looking at the collections of like - minded individuals using the system .
And in many ways , except for the downloading time , it was more efficient than radio since you did n't have to slog through commercials and could skip a track not to your liking .
No wonder CD sales increased and business was on the upswing .
But apparently not a single person working at the decision - making levels of the recording industry understood the sociology or the mechanism and that 's still the case . 
I ask this simple question :
If there 's a band out there whose CD I would buy , how am I supposed to discover this band ?
Tell me how !
Is Rush Limbaugh going to play them ?
The current mechanism for discovery is arcane and getting worse by the day , as thousands of incredibly mediocre musicians muddy the water with MySpace pages , free downloads , and Web sites .
The worst bands of the old punk - rock era sound like Mozart compared with some of the no-talents flooding the market with their wailing .
The music industry , having painted itself into a corner , has decided to take the easy way out .
The labels identify the very few highly promotable acts and pump all their resources into them .
Thus we end up with the Britney Spears era .
And while these essentially Broadway products do sell CDs and concert tickets , they 're not refining musical taste or helping the market for music as a whole .
So the music industry hopes to survive by suing into oblivion the , who are , coincidentally ( as mentioned earlier ) , the only ones supporting the industry by buying CDs .
The irony of this is too rich to ignore .
It 's just funny , really , kind of like chopping off your legs because you 're tired of their following you around .
Oh , and by the way , back in the '90s , when Napster was helping CD sales increase , the industry was told a pay - for - downloading model would work , too .
They did n't see how .
What a bunch of boneheads .
Palm will unveil its long - awaited Pre smartphone June 6 , and Apple ’s next - generation iPhone is expected to hit the market shortly thereafter .
So where are the smartphones based on Google ’s Android platform , which is considered a potentially serious threat to the iPhone ?
Rumors have it that AT&T will unveil an Android smartphone from HTC in August ; meanwhile , several vendors have announced that they ’ll be making smartphones based on the open mobile operating system .
There are also reports that Taiwanese smartphone powerhouse HTC will soon have an Android phone in China .
However , it appears that almost all of these new Android smartphones will be announced later in the year .
Why not now ?
The Pre and the iPhone
Right now , the Palm Pre is getting lots of attention .
Early reports say it has a very smart , fast operating system .
It also makes Web search and connecting with friends easy by heavily leveraging social networking features and consolidating all locations for a user ’s contacts .
Meanwhile , rumors keep on swirling around the next - generation iPhone .
One postulates Apple will offer a 32 GB model ( the current iPhone 3G maxes out at 16 GB ) , and another has it that Apple will expand the line to introduce a low - end version of the smartphone .
Will the Pre help save Palm , or will the new iPhone kill it off ?
Who knows ?
Either way , the subject makes for a great talking point at parties — well , certain types of parties .
AT&T and Lancaster
AT&T , currently the only official iPhone carrier for the U.S. , is rumored to have a new Android smartphone from HTC in the works .
The so - called Lancaster will reportedly be equipped with a slide - out keyboard , a 3 megapixel camera , and high - speed downlink packet access ( HSDPA ) connectivity .
HSDPA is an enhanced 3G mobile telephony communications protocol that allows for higher data transfer speeds and capacity .
The Lancaster will make its debut in August , according to reports , but AT&T would not discuss the issue .
“ We have no comment , ” spokesperson Michael Coe told LinuxInsider .
Other Android Developments
T- Mobile had reportedly planned to upgrade users of its G1 Android - based smartphone to the new version of Android , version 1.5 , around mid-May ; however , it put off the upgrade to early June , apparently because it is finalizing the build .
Android 1.5 is based on Cupcake , a private development branch that funnels new features into the main Android development project .
Its introduction on the G1 could improve that handset ’s position in a highly competitive market .
T- Mobile also reportedly plans to release an updated G1 , code - named “ Bigfoot , ” sometime in the fall .
Also , it may release the HTC Magic in the U.S. , and it may carry the Motorola Morrison Android phone around Christmas .
Leaked info and speculation aside , however , T - Mobile has remained relatively quiet regarding a definitive Android road map .
The carrier did not respond to requests for comment by press time .
Nevertheless , the Android market remains hot .
AT&T is said to be readying the Motorola Heron Android phone for November , and Sony and Panasonic reportedly plan to make Android phones available next year .
HTC in China ?
Meanwhile , in a move that could impact Apple ’s bid to push into the China market , there are reports that HTC has sealed a deal with China Mobile , the world ’s largest wireless carrier , to sell the HTC Magic there .
The Magic will apparently use a Chinese - language version of the Android operating system that was developed by HTC .
HTC declined comment .
“ We do n’t comment on rumor or speculation , ” HTC spokesperson Linda Mills told LinuxInsider .
This Magic device may not be the only Android smartphone to hit the China market .
China Mobile is also working on the so - called OPhone , based on China ’s OMS , or Open Mobile System .
This is a combination of Android and TD - SCDMA , China ’s own 3G standard .
Other smartphones running the OPhone OS will be sourced from various vendors , according to reports .
Hold Your Hosses , Boys
While there ’s clearly much buzz surrounding new makes and models of Android phones coming out sometime later this summer or in the fall , the lack of official comments or timetables is deafening .
With a smartphone smackdown in the cards for June , why not seize consumers by the throat as they are writhing under the double onslaught of the Palm Pre and the iPhone and just sell , sell , sell them Android phones ?
It all comes down to timing , according to Ramon Llamas , an analyst with IDC ‘s mobile devices technology and trends unit .
Simply put : Palm and Apple are taking up all the oxygen in the room .
“ Now is not the right time for Android phones , ” Lamas told LinuxInsider .
“ They ’ll be fighting the Palm Pre and the next - generation iPhone . ”
Android phones should be released at the end of Q3 and in Q4 , he said .
“ We ’ll see a lot of announcements as we get close to August .
We ’ve heard that Samsung , LG and Sony Ericsson are planning products . ”
Special Relativity Lecture Notes
Special Relativity Practice Problems
Welcome to the Special Relativity Homepage at the Department of Physics , College of Science , Virginia Tech .
This site is based on a series of lectures I give as part of the course Physics 2074 " Highlights on Contemporary Physics " every fall semester .
I have attempted to explain Einstein 's Special Theory of Relativity using as few equations as possible , and have based most of my explanations on pictures called spacetime diagrams .
Regardless of whether you are comfortable with equations or not , I believe the spacetime diagram approach is the best way to understand relativity .
The first link above will take you to my lecture notes and the second link will take you to the problems I have used for my exams in Physics 2074 .
I have strived to make the problems as entertaining as possible .
I hope you enjoy them .
This site undergoes occasional updates with new figures , pages , and problems .
Please check back every now and then to see if anything has changed .
My last update was on September 17 , 2006 .
Tatsu Takeuchi
BANGKOK , Thailand ( CNN ) --
Thailand 's prime minister suspects there were " some instances " in which Myanmar 's Rohingya boat people were pushed out to sea , a frank admittance of a practice drawing worldwide condemnation .
Rohingya refugees being treated in Idi , Indonesia .
In an exclusive interview with CNN Thursday , Abhisit Vejjajiva said he could not pinpoint who in the government approved the practice , but said he was working on rectifying the problem .
" It 's not exactly clear whose work it is , " Vejjajiva said .
" All the authorities say it 's not their policy , but I have reason to believe some instances of this happened , but if I can have the evidence as to who exactly did this I will certainly bring them to account . "
Thousands of Rohingya refugees -- a Muslim minority group from Myanmar -- have fled to Thailand over the years and many of them have been housed in Thai camps near the Myanmar border .
In some cases , there are charges that many of them have been kicked back out to sea from Thailand .
A recent CNN investigation found evidence of the Thai army towing an apparent boatload of 190 Rohingya refugees out to sea , prompting Thai authorities to launch an investigation .
Watch the Thai prime minister discuss the issue »
And a group of the refugees rescued by Indonesian authorities last week told harrowing tales of being captured , beaten and abandoned at sea by the Thai military .
Actress Angelina Jolie , a goodwill ambassador for the U.N. refugee agency , spoke out on the plight of the refugees last week as she visited the area with her husband , Brad Pitt .
She asked Thailand to permit greater freedom of movement for the roughly 111,000 refugees housed in nine camps along the Thai - Myanmar border .
Vejjajiva said " at times " there has been " a lot of pressure in terms of the numbers of these people coming in . "
" There are attempts , I think , to let these people drift to other shores .
I have asked whether people are aware of such practices .
The one thing that is clear is that when these practices do occur , it is done on the understanding that there is enough food and water supplied . "
The prime minister said he regrets " any losses " that may have occurred from the refugees ' ordeals , but he said he is " doing the best I can to correct the situation . "
All About Thailand • United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
Old Testament > Judges >
Samson and the Prostitute Judges 16:1
And he went in to her .
Dear President Obama :
I have a straightforward question , which I hope you will answer in a straightforward way :
Is it your intention to censor talk radio through a variety of contrivances , such as " local content , " " diversity of ownership , " and " public interest " rules -- all of which are designed to appeal to populist sentiments but , as you know , are the death knell of talk radio and the AM band ?
You ...
For the first time , ETH Zurich researchers have built micro-robots as small as bacteria .
Their purpose is to help cure human beings .
They look like spirals with tiny heads , and screw through the liquid like miniature corkscrews .
When moving , they resemble rather ungainly bacteria with long whip - like tails .
They can only be observed under a microscope because , at a total length of 25 to 60 µm , they are almost as small as natural flagellated bacteria .
Most are between 5 and 15 µm long , a few are more than 20 µm .
Mimicking nature
The tiny spiral - shaped , nature - mimicking lookalikes of E. coli and similar bacteria .
are called “ Artificial Bacterial Flagella ” ( ABFs ) , the “ flagella ” referring to their whip - like tails .
They were invented , manufactured and enabled to swim in a controllable way by researchers in the group led by Bradley Nelson , Professor at the Institute of Robotics and Intelligent Systems at ETH Zurich .
In contrast to their natural role model , some of which cause diseases , the ABFs are intended to help cure diseases in the future .
The practical realization of these artificial bacteria , the smallest yet created , with a rigid flagellum and external actuation , was made possible mainly by the self - scrolling technique from which the spiral - shaped ABFs are constructed .
ABFs are fabricated by vapor - depositing several ultra - thin layers of the elements indium , gallium , arsenic and chromium onto a substrate in a particular sequence .
They are then patterned from it by means of lithography and etching .
This forms super - thin , very long narrow ribbons that curl themselves into a spiral shape as soon as they are detached from the substrate , because of the unequal molecular lattice structures of the various layers .
Depending on the deposited layer thickness and composition , a spiral is formed with different sizes which can be precisely defined by the researchers .
Nelson says , “ We can specify not only how small the spiral is , but even the scrolling direction of the ribbon that forms the spiral . ”
External propulsion via magnetic field
Even before releasing the ribbon that will afterwards form the artificial flagellum , a kind of head for the mini - robot is attached to one of its ends .
It consists of a chromium - nickel - gold tri-layer film , also vapor - deposited .
Nickel is soft - magnetic , in contrast to the other materials used , which are non-magnetic .
Nelson explains that , “ This tiny magnetic head enables the ABF to move in a specific way in a magnetic field . ”
The spiral - shaped ABF swim through the liquid and its movements can be observed and recorded under a microscope .
With the software developed by the group , the ABF can be steered to a specific target by tuning the strength and direction of the rotating magnetic field which is generated by several coils .
The ABFs can move forwards and backwards , upwards and downwards , and can also rotate in all directions .
Brad Nelson says
“ There ’s a lot of physics and mathematics behind the software . ”
The ABFs do not need energy of their own to swim , nor do they have any moving parts .
The only decisive thing is the magnetic field , towards which the tiny head constantly tries to orientate itself and in whose direction it moves .
The ABFs currently swim at a speed of up to 20 µm , i.e. up to one body length , per second .
Nelson expects that it will be possible to increase the speed to more than 100 µm per second .
For comparison : E. coli swims at 30 µm per second .
Possible applications in medicine
The ABFs have been designed for biomedical applications .
For example , they could carry medicines to predetermined targets in the body , remove plaque deposits in the arteries or help biologists to modify cellular structures that are too small for direct manipulation by researchers .
In initial experiments , the ETH Zurich researchers have already made the ABFs carry around polystyrene micro-spheres .
At the moment , however , the group is still carrying out basic research .
Further investigations will be needed before there can be any practical applications .
Nelson explains that , “ For applications in the human body , it would first of all be necessary to steer the ABFs precisely , track their route without optical monitoring and guarantee their localization at all times . ”
If ABFs are to deliver drugs , they would first of all have to be functionalized in a feasible way and then need to be able to release the drugs precisely in situ .
The plan is for the ABFs themselves to become even faster and smaller .
Nelson is enthusiastic about how ingeniously nature has designed natural bacteria .
He is happy that his group ’s ABFs already resemble the originals so closely .
This is the File Download Page
for the album Part The Second
by maudlin of the Well .
We are making this album available in three separate formats for you :
Format 1 - mp3 , V0 VBR - this is the easiest method of listening for the common internet / ipod user , although these are very high quality mp3s .
Format II - CD - standard WAV , 16 - bit 44.1k
Hz - this is the best format for you to download and burn to a CD .
Higher quality than the MP3s .
Format III - FLAC , 24 - bit , 44.1k
Hz - this is for savvy audiophiles and is higher quality than a CD .
Download Instructions :
All three formats are available directly from maudlinofthewell.net .
Format I : You may download a zip archive of the album in mp3 format here .
Size : ~ 85MB
Format II : You may download the ZIP archive of the CD - quality WAV version here .
Size : ~825MB
Format III : You may download the ZIP archive of the FLAC version here .
Size : 475MB
This album was completely fan - funded , thus it can be released to you for FREE .
However , all the band members put their time and energy into this project " out of pocket ; " It was our pleasure to create this album for you , although we received no compensation or cost of living provided .
Therefore , we 're supplying our Paypal DONATE button here in case you would like to help support the artists behind this work .
In preparation for some recent teaching , I went back to something that was a hot topic not long ago , and will be again if and when the crisis ends : the apparent lag of European productivity since 1995 .
One recent , seemingly authoritative study is van Ark et al ; and I noticed something that gave me pause .
In their paper , van Ark etc. identify the service sector as the main source of America ’s pullaway — which is the standard argument .
Within services , roughly half they attribute to distribution — roughly speaking , the Wal - Mart effect .
OK .
But the other half is a surge in US productivity in financial and business services , not matched in Europe .
And all I can say is , whoa !
First of all , how do we even measure output of financial services ?
If I read this BEA paper correctly , we more or less use “ checks cashed ” — or , more broadly , the number of transactions undertaken .
This may be the best we can do , but it ’s a pretty weak measure of actual work done by the financial system .
And given recent events , are we even sure that the expansion of the financial system was doing anything productive at all ?
In short , how much of the apparent US productivity miracle , a miracle not shared by Europe , was a statistical illusion created by our bloated finance industry ?
Dean Baker has argued for some time that , properly measured , the productivity gap between America and Europe never happened .
I ’m becoming more sympathetic to his point of view .
Access to personal typeface collection or Typekit .
Buddies , color printers , co-workers , lend all of them your fonts .
Send out font family members to any person for collaboration , or utilize in their very own tasks .
They do n’t need a subscription and also can easily utilize the font styles free for 7 days with our helpful SkyFonts application .
Developed by Dalton Maag for make use of in the Ubuntu system software , Ubuntu is actually a humanist - style font that ’s popular for being actually quirky and incredibly circular .
The arcs in most personalities satisfy the stem straight by the end thus there ’s no indication from any type of serif or even ear .
Ubuntu possesses 8 types along with weights off illumination to strong .
Registration desktop computer font styles are put up in a protected area on your pc through SkyFonts , a useful app that permits you to sync typefaces with the click on of a switch .
Because of licensing regulations , our team performs not make it possible for access to these folders .
We also perform not permit copying , relabeling , or relocating from test or registration font files .
When you are absolutely no longer utilizing them , subscription fonts can be actually simply removed .
When your subscription expires , SkyFonts takes out the typefaces coming from your makers .
Exo is a modern geometric font style family designed through Natanael Gama .
That was , in the beginning , moneyed by means of a Kickstarter job , and also shortly afterward launched totally free to the planet .
Exo has 18 designs , therefore you should not face issues along with not having the ideal weight .
The only issue along with Exo is that this tends to be a little tough to read when tiny , and also ’s partly because it has a lot of arcs and also forms in its own letterforms .
The font styles that you put up as the component of your subscription will definitely be actually eliminated coming from your pc if you decide on not to restore your subscription .
To stay in observance along with the licensing agreement , you will be actually required to disable your internet font kit(s ) .
You ’ll be able to utilize the font styles once again if you resume your subscription .
There is actually the pair of other exceptional variants from Roboto , featuring Roboto Condensed which has 6 styles as well as Roboto Slab along with 4 styles .
a button on the font family members web page from all subscription fonts .
You ’ll also have the ability to install straight from search engine result .
OverDrive provides a dyslexic typeface option that is developed to create text message easier to check out for dyslexic individuals .
You may disable this choice or even enable making use of the actions here .
The wealthy range and variety of traditional style family members it makes accessible to the developer put that in a course of its personnel .
Nuestro amigo y miembro del Consejo Editorial de SINPERMISO
Mike Davis , cuyo libro
El monstruo llama a nuestra puerta ( trad .
María Julia Bertomeu , Ediciones El Viejo Topo , Barcelona , 2006 ) alertó lúcida y brillantemente del peligro de una gripe aviar pandémica de alcance mundial , explica ahora cómo la gran industria pecuaria globalizada ha sentado las bases para un más que preocupante brote de gripe porcina en México .
La gripe porcina mexicana , una quimera genética probablemente concebida en el cieno fecal de una gorrinera industrial , amenaza subitáneamente con una fiebre al mundo entero .
Los brotes en la América del Norte revelan una infección que está viajando ya a mayor velocidad de la que viajó con la última cepa pandémica oficial , la gripe de Hong Kong en 1968 .
Robándole protagonismo a nuestro último asesino oficial , el virus H5N1 , este virus porcino representa una amenaza de ignota magnitud .
Parece menos letal que el SARS [ Síndrome Respiratorio Agudo , por sus siglas en inglés ] en 2003 , pero , como gripe , podría resultar más duradera que el SARS .
Dado que las domesticadas gripes estacionales de tipo A matan nada menos que a un millón de personas al año , incluso un modesto incremento de virulencia , especialmente si va combinada con una elevada incidencia , podría producir una carnicería equivalente a una guerra importante .
Ello es que una de sus primeras víctimas ha sido la consoladora fe , inveteradamente predicada por la Organización Mundial de Salud ( OMS ) , en la posibilidad de contener las pandemias con respuestas inmediatas de las burocracias sanitarias e independientemente de la calidad de la sanidad pública local .
Desde las primeras muertes por H5N1 en 1997 , en Hong Kong , la OMS , con el apoyo de la mayoría de administraciones nacionales de sanidad , ha promovido una estrategia centrada en la identificación y el aislamiento de una cepa pandémica en su radio local de brote , seguidos de una masiva administración de antivirales y si disponibles  vacunas a la población .
Una legión de escépticos ha criticado ese enfoque de contrainsurgencia viral , señalando que los microbios pueden ahora volar alrededor del mundo casi literalmente en el caso de la gripe aviar mucho más rápidamente de lo que la OMS o los funcionarios locales puedan llegar a reaccionar al brote original .
Esos expertos han observado también el carácter primitivo , y a menudo inexistente , de la vigilancia de la interfaz entre las enfermedades humanas y las animales .
Pero el mito de una intervención audaz , preventiva ( y barata ) contra la gripe aviar ha resultado valiosísimo para la causa de los países ricos que , como los EEUU y el Reino Unido , prefieren invertir en sus propias líneas Maginot biológicas , antes que incrementar drásticamente la ayuda a los frentes epidémicos avanzados de ultramar .
Tampoco ha tenido precio este mito para las grandes transnacionales farmacéuticas , enfrentadas en una guerra sin cuartel con las exigencias de los países en vía de desarrollo empeñados en exigir la producción pública de antivíricos genéricos clave como el Tamiflu patentado por Roche .
La versión de la OMS y de los centros de control de enfermedades , de acuerdo con la cual ya se está preparado para una pandemia , sin mayor necesidad de nuevas inversiones masivas en vigilancia , infraestructura científica y regulatoria , salud pública básica y acceso global a fármacos vitales , será ahora decisivamente puesta a prueba por la gripe porcina , y tal vez averigüemos que pertenece a la misma categoría de gestión " ponzificada " del riesgo que los títulos y obligaciones de Madoff .
No es tan difícil que falle el sistema de alertas , habida cuenta de que , sencillamente , no existe .
Ni siquiera en la América del Norte y en la Unión Europea .
Tal vez no sea sorprendente que México carezca tanto de capacidad como de voluntad política para gestionar enfermedades avícolas y ganaderas , pero ocurre que la situación apenas es mejor al norte de la frontera , en donde la vigilancia se deshace en un desdichado mosaico de jurisdicciones estatales y las grandes empresas pecuarias se enfrentan a las regulaciones sanitarias con el mismo desprecio con que suelen tratar a los trabajadores y a los animales .
Análogamente , una década entera de advertencias de los científicos fracasó en punto a garantizar transferencias de sofisticada tecnología viral experimental a los países situados en las rutas pandémicas más probables .
México cuenta con expertos sanitarios de reputación mundial , pero tiene que enviar las muestras a un laboratorio de Winnipeg para descifrar el genoma de la cepa .
Así se ha perdido toda una semana .
Pero nadie menos alerta que las autoridades de control de enfermedades en Atlanta .
De acuerdo con el Washington Post , el CDC [ siglas en inglés del Centro de Control de Enfermedades , radicado en Atlanta ; T. ] no se percató del brote hasta seis días después de que México hubiera empezado a imponer medidas de urgencia .
No hay excusa que valga .
Lo paradójico de esta gripe porcina es que , aun si totalmente inesperada , había sido ya pronosticada con gran precisión .
Hace seis años , la revista Science consagró un artículo importante a poner en evidencia que , " tras años de estabilidad , el virus de la gripe porcina de la América del Norte ha dado un salto evolutivo vertiginoso " .
Desde su identificación durante la Gran Depresión , el virus H1N1 de la gripe porcina sólo había experimentado una ligera deriva desde su genoma original .
Luego , en 1998 , una cepa muy patógena comenzó a diezmar puercas en una granja de Carolina del Norte , y empezaron a surgir nuevas y más virulentas versiones año tras año , incluida una variante del H1N1 que contenía los genes internos del H3N2 ( causante de la otra gripe de tipo A que se contagia entre humanos ) .
Los investigadores entrevistados por Science se mostraban preocupados por la posibilidad de que uno de esos híbridos pudiera llegar a convertirse en un virus de gripe humana se cree que las pandemias de 1957 y de 1968 fueron causadas por una mezcla de genes aviares y humanos fraguada en el interior de organismos porcinos , y urgían a la creación de un sistema oficial de vigilancia para la gripe porcina : admonición , huelga decirlo , a la que prestó oídos sordos un Washington dispuesto entonces a tirar miles de millones de dólares por el sumidero de las fantasías bioterroristas .
¿ Qué provocó tal aceleración en la evolución de la gripe porcina ?
Hace mucho que los virólogos están convencidos de que el sistema de agricultura intensiva de la China meridional es el principal vector de la mutación gripal : tanto de la " deriva " estacional como del episódico " intercambio " genómico .
Pero la industrialización granempresarial de la producción pecuaria ha roto el monopolio natural de China en la evolución de la gripe .
El sector pecuario se ha visto transformado en estas últimas décadas en algo que se parece más a la industria petroquímica que a la feliz granja familiar que pintan los libros de texto en la escuela .
En 1965 , por ejemplo , había en los EEUU 53 millones de cerdos repartidos entre más de un millón de granjas ; hoy , 65 millones de cerdos se concentran en 65.000 instalaciones .
Eso ha significado pasar de las anticuadas pocilgas a ciclópeos infiernos fecales en los que , entre estiércol y bajo un calor sofocante , prestos a intercambiar agentes patógenos a la velocidad del rayo , se hacinan decenas de millares de animales con más que debilitados sistemas inmunitarios .
El año pasado , una comisión convocada por el Pew Research Center publicó un informe sobre la " producción animal en granjas industriales " , en donde se destacaba el agudo peligro de que " la continua circulación de virus ( ) característica de enormes piaras , rebaños o hatos incremente las oportunidades de aparición de nuevos virus por episodios de mutación o de recombinación que podrían generar virus más eficientes en la transmisión entre humanos " .
La comisión alertó también de que el promiscuo uso de antibióticos en las factorías porcinas más barato que en ambientes humanos estaba propiciando el auge de infecciones estafílocóquicas resistentes , mientras que los vertidos residuales generaban brotes de escherichia coli y de pfiesteria ( el protozoo que mató a mil millones de peces en los estuarios de Carolina y contagió a docenas de pescadores ) .
Cualquier mejora en la ecología de este nuevo agente patógeno tendría que enfrentarse con el monstruoso poder de los grandes conglomerados empresariales avícolas y ganaderos , como Smithfield Farms ( porcino y vacuno ) y Tyson ( pollos ) .
La comisión habló de una obstrucción sistemática de sus investigaciones por parte de las grandes empresas , incluidas unas nada recatadas amenazas de suprimir la financiación de los investigadores que cooperaran con la comisión .
Se trata de una industria muy globalizada y con influencias políticas .
Así como el gigante avícola Charoen Pokphand , radicado en Bangkok , fue capaz de desbaratar las investigaciones sobre su papel en la propagación de la gripe aviar en el sureste asiático , es lo más probable que la epidemiología forense del brote de gripe porcina se dé de bruces contra la pétrea muralla de la industria del cerdo .
Eso no quiere decir que no vaya a encontrarse nunca una acusadora pistola humeante : ya corre el rumor en la prensa mexicana de un epicentro de la gripe situado en torno a una gigantesca filial de Smithfield en el estado de Veracruz .
Pero lo más importante  sobre todo por la persistente amenaza del virus H5N1  es el bosque , no los árboles : la fracasada estrategia antipandémica de la OMS , el progresivo deterioro de la salud pública mundial , la mordaza aplicada por las grandes transnacionales farmacéuticas a medicamentos vitales y la catástrofe planetaria que es una producción pecuaria industrializada y ecológicamente desquiciada .
Mike Davis es miembro del Consejo Editorial de SINPERMISO .
Traducidos recientemente al castellano : su libro sobre la amenaza de la gripe aviar ( El monstruo llama a nuestra puerta , trad .
María Julia Bertomeu , Ediciones El Viejo Topo , Barcelona , 2006 ) , su libro sobre las Ciudades muertas ( trad .
Dina Khorasane , Marta Malo de Molina , Tatiana de la O y Mónica Cifuentes Zaro , Editorial Traficantes de sueños , Madrid , 2007 ) y su libro
Los holocaustos de la era victoriana tardía ( trad .
Aitana Guia i Conca e Ivano Stocco , Ed. Universitat de València , Valencia , 2007 ) .
Sus libros más recientes son : In Praise of Barbarians : Essays against Empire ( Haymarket Books , 2008 ) y Buda 's Wagon : A Brief History of the Car Bomb ( Verso , 2007 ; traducción castellana de Jordi Mundó en la editorial El Viejo Topo , Barcelona , 2009 ) .
Traducción para www.sinpermiso.info: Marta Domènech y María Julia Bertomeu
sinpermiso electrónico se ofrece semanalmente de forma gratuita .
No recibe ningún tipo de subvención pública ni privada , y su existencia sólo es posible gracias al trabajo voluntario de sus colaboradores y a las donaciones altruistas de sus lectores .
Si le ha interesado este artículo , considere la posibilidad de contribuir al desarrollo de este proyecto político - cultural realizando una DONACIÓN o haciendo una SUSCRIPCIÓN a la REVISTA SEMESTRAL impresa
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to the If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to the RSS feed for this blog .
Thanks for visiting !
What sort of question is that ?
Is n’t everyone on Google to a certain extent ?
However you probably do not believe it is something you join like Facebook or Twitter .
Well that has changed although you may have missed the memo .
As MG Siegler has pointed out , Google Profiles Is Taking An Important Social Step With Vanity URLs .
The problem with Google ’s movement towards becoming more of a social entity is that it lacks one cohesive place to tie everything together .
Google lacks a singular area – like a Facebook profile page – where all that Google knows about you can reside and be easily seen .
Actually there is such an area , Google Profiles and Google is now making it quite a bit easier to find .
So are you on Google ?
You can check this out with the following search for your name on Google Profiles .
If you already have a Google Account and have a Gmail address , then you are well along in joining this new potential social network .
Mike Elgan believes this will be Google ’s ‘ Facebook Killer ’ .
He feels that Google is just one acquisition away from offering a social network that does everything Facebook does , minus all the things everybody hates about Facebook .
That acquisition he is pushing for is that Google should buy Twitter .
The end result of this integration would be a social network far better than Facebook .
Rather than being a link dead - end like Facebook , Profiles would be a launching pad of discoverability for everything you want to promote .
It would be cleaner , faster and easier to use than Facebook .
And it would be a one - stop shop for both social networking and Twitter .
I believe he is over - valuing what Twitter would bring to such an acquisition .
Twitter has relatively rudimentary features and undoubtedly the Twitter owners will put far too high a price on their social network .
If Google was of a mind to add the social media trappings to Google Profiles , it would not be rocket science to do so .
The Google name would ensure people would flock to it .
Indeed how many of you reading this have already claimed your Google Profile once you heard about it .
All the concept needs is a little marketing .
Google Profiles is clearly a no - no .
Thinking over possible names and remembering the precedent of the Google Chrome browser , one name jumps out .
Google Glitter !
The name would almost market itself .
The related concepts are multitudinous .
Status reports would be glints of course .
Perhaps if some related helpful ideas come to mind for Google , you could add them in the comments .
It undoubtedly would be much cheaper to buy the appropriate domain (s ) and / or trademark (s ) to allow the concept to shine than it would to buy that tottering whale .
Related articles by Zemanta
The content industry , including the Recording Industry Association of America and the Motion Picture Association of America , are applauding President Barack Obama 's appointments of at least five RIAA lawyers to the Justice Department .
They urged him to continue the trend .
" The hallmarks of your administration 's appointees have been competence , substantive expertise , and a commitment to your administration 's agenda , " the Copyright Alliance , a group of three - plus dozen content owners , wrote the president Monday ( .pdf ) .
" We have every confidence these hallmarks will be demonstrated in your future IP policy appointments . "
The presidential letter comes as the United States negotiates a global intellectual property treaty and as the president mulls whom to choose as the nation 's first copyright czar .
The communication was also in response to a letter the copyleft , represented by about two dozen public interest groups , sent Obama three weeks ago .
That missive urged the president to stop tapping RIAA insidersto his administration .
That letter by the Electronic Frontier Foundation , Public Knowledge and others fell on deaf ears .
Last week , Obama tapped his fifth RIAA lawyer to the Justice Department .
The department just wrote in a peer - to - peer music file sharing case that the administration supports monetary damages of up to $ 150,000 per copyright infringement .
See Also :
By By Paul Wallis Feb 16 , 2009 in Environment
The fires are unbelievable .
They race like lava , running uphill .
Traveling at 100 kmh , it ’s now clear why these fires were so deadly .
If you ’ve seen pictures of World War Two flamethrowers , they ’re like that .
It ’s just that they ’re gigantic .
We knew it was bad , seeing fires like the worst historical footage .
We were n’t prepared for what happened next .
In some parts of Victoria , the heat hit 48C .
The fire hazard index was based on disastrous fires in 1939 .
It ’s on a scale of 100 .
The fire index for 7 February was 200 in some areas .
The figures were so high nobody could believe it .
These fires were described as 100 feet high .
What looks like darkest night with fires is day .
Dazzling white fires glare in the cameras .
These are the killer fires , where proximity heat is enough to cause massive , fatal injury .
The survivors spoke of fireballs , the firemen of fires starting from embers which landed behind the residents , trapping them .
An actual firestorm destroyed two towns , Kinglake and Marysville .
The fires ripped through the towns .
Some trees are still quite green , but whole buildings have been utterly demolished .
The fires hit the buildings According to residents , the heat left nothing salvageable in some places .
Houses were n't just burning , they were exploding .
People were surrounded .
They could n’t even see where the fires were , because the smokes was so thick .
At one point the fires joined and formed a fire front 100 km long .
An area of about 1000 to 2000 square kilometres was either ablaze or the fires had already burned through , in this one fire zone .
The fires were unstoppable .
Nothing was going to control them .
These fires were like nothing ever seen before in Australia .
The roar of the fire was like continuous thunder .
One resident said it sounded like ten jumbo jets starting up .
Even on the soundtrack , that ’s exactly what it sounds like .
Bushfires are known to be noisy , but not like that .
Another man said that they just hid in their cars , covered themselves with wet blankets , and drove away to cooler places when it got hot .
More bodies are being found .
The death toll is now 189 .
Less impressive was the staggering unprofessionalism of some of the media coverage .
ABC ’s One “ reporter ” , miles from the scene in Sydney , was instantly producing deathless prose blaming the Greenies for the fires .
This is real rabble rousing stuff , usually used for geriatric hick conservative audiences , the ones that ca n’t read but know when to applaud .
For a newspaper which is supposed to be the alternative to News Corp , a sickening exhibition .
I 've always known they were mediocrities , but even by their standards , this is really getting low .
Given that many of these areas are declared crime scenes , and that people ’s right to privacy , if nothing else , is n’t incinerated by bushfires , it ’ll be interesting to see what happens about these multiple incidents .
Time for some case law .
I doubt if too many Walkley Awards ( Australia 's top awards for real journalists ) will be produced for these journalistic maggots out of the ashes of Marysville and Kinglake .
The video of the fires , from ABC ’s Four Corners , is quite beyond anyone ’s possible conception .
The ABC was there from the start .
The national public broadcaster also operates the emergency radio net .
The first aerial footage came from the ABC , showing rivers of white fire under red skies .
We knew it was bad , seeing fires like the worst historical footage .
We were n’t prepared for what happened next .
In some parts of Victoria , the heat hit 48C .
The fire hazard index was based on disastrous fires in 1939 .
It ’s on a scale of 100 .
The fire index for 7 February was 200 in some areas .
The figures were so high nobody could believe it .
These fires were described as 100 feet high .
What looks like darkest night with fires is day .
Dazzling white fires glare in the cameras .
These are the killer fires , where proximity heat is enough to cause massive , fatal injury .
The survivors spoke of fireballs , the firemen of fires starting from embers which landed behind the residents , trapping them .
An actual firestorm destroyed two towns , Kinglake and Marysville .
The fires ripped through the towns .
Some trees are still quite green , but whole buildings have been utterly demolished .
The fires hit the buildings According to residents , the heat left nothing salvageable in some places .
Houses were n't just burning , they were exploding .
People were surrounded .
They could n’t even see where the fires were , because the smokes was so thick .
At one point the fires joined and formed a fire front 100 km long .
An area of about 1000 to 2000 square kilometres was either ablaze or the fires had already burned through , in this one fire zone .
The fires were unstoppable .
Nothing was going to control them .
These fires were like nothing ever seen before in Australia .
The roar of the fire was like continuous thunder .
One resident said it sounded like ten jumbo jets starting up .
Even on the soundtrack , that ’s exactly what it sounds like .
Bushfires are known to be noisy , but not like that .
Another man said that they just hid in their cars , covered themselves with wet blankets , and drove away to cooler places when it got hot .
More bodies are being found .
The death toll is now 189 .
Less impressive was the staggering unprofessionalism of some of the media coverage .
ABC ’s Media Watch , a unique show which is extremely good at monitoring standards of journalism in Australia , has some truly disgusting material from Australia ’s famous epitomes of sensitivity and good taste .
Reporters were shoving cameras in the faces of bereaved people .
Others were roaming through people 's homes , apparently .
All good wholesome dreck from that element of the local media for whom constipation is a professional ideal .
One “ reporter ” , miles from the scene in Sydney , was instantly producing deathless prose blaming the Greenies for the fires .
This is real rabble rousing stuff , usually used for geriatric hick conservative audiences , the ones that ca n’t read but know when to applaud .
For a newspaper which is supposed to be the alternative to News Corp , a sickening exhibition .
I 've always known they were mediocrities , but even by their standards , this is really getting low .
Given that many of these areas are declared crime scenes , and that people ’s right to privacy , if nothing else , is n’t incinerated by bushfires , it ’ll be interesting to see what happens about these multiple incidents .
Time for some case law .
I doubt if too many Walkley Awards ( Australia 's top awards for real journalists ) will be produced for these journalistic maggots out of the ashes of Marysville and Kinglake .
This opinion article was written by an independent writer .
The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com More about Australian fires , Four corners , Media watch More news from australian fires four corners media watch
Here 's the paradox : cable companies are roundly despised in the US , saddled with the sort of scorn generally reserved for lawyers , politicians , and the recording industry .
But the services that those cable companies provide are well - loved .
Indeed , despite years of price - gouging and customer service so atrocious that techs sometime fall asleep on people 's couches , Americans love themselves some cable TV , and in fact are watching more hours of the boob tube than ever before in history .
How to explain the disconnect ?
Learning to love cable
I put that question to Kyle McSlarrow , head of cable 's trade association , NCTA .
" Let 's just stipulate that our rankings on customer service are not terrific , " he began .
In fact , customer service rankings are terrible .
New data from the American Customer Satisfaction Index gives the cable industry an overall score of 63 — one of the lowest among major US business sectors .
Even the Post Office scored a 74 , leaving cable to hang out in the customer service cellar with newspapers ( 63 ) and airlines ( 64 ) .
McSlarrow does n't quibble with the numbers , saying that " a heck of a lot of time and money and attention is being thrown at [ the problem ] .
We 've got to fix it . "
But he 's adamant that cable users love the actual products being sold .
As a trade group , NCTA runs its own surveys every year to provide data to its members , and one of the most consistent findings of the last few years has been that cable customers give their broadband , phone , and video service an average score of 8/10 .
More extraordinary is the fact that a full 33 percent of respondents rate the products at 10/10 .
" I 've never seen numbers like that " in any other business , says McSlarrow .
Subscriber numbers appear to bear out NCTA 's internal polling .
October 2008 estimates from the US Census Bureau suggest that there were 128 million American homes in 2007 .
The cable business passes nearly all these homes — 124.8 million in 2008 .
Despite cable 's legendary customer service issues , a full 51 percent of these passed households plop down their monthly fee for the privilege of watching cable TV .
However much people complain about service and price , half of all Americans get cable TV .
McSlarrow says that it 's not about ( lack of ) competition , either ; cable has plenty of competition .
Satellite services took one of three video customers over the last decade , he says , which eventually " made us a better industry . "
Watching more TV than ever
And TV use continues to increase , even as Internet video , computers , and gaming consoles compete for attention .
Earlier this year , Nielsen estimated that Americans watch an average of 151 hours of TV every month , a time commitment approaching that of a full - time job .
The news is certainly good for the cable business : whatever its problems , Americans are absolute fiends for its television programming , and Internet video has yet to erode its dominance .
On the other hand , what 's good for the cable industry may be bad for America — can watching 151 hours of TV each month produce happy minds and healthy bodies ?
Not even cable 's top lobbyist will say " yes " to that one .
" As a parent — and I 'll probably get fired by my board — I can't imagine that those numbers reflect something good for America , " he says with a laugh .
" I have to imagine it has some impact on our productivity as a nation . "
On the other hand , the fact that we have enough time to watch that much TV also says something good about American productivity .
And who knows , perhaps all this TV - watching time is being put to good use stuffing our collective brain pan with episodes of Frontline and NOVA — though part of me fears it 's really spent with Seinfeld reruns and episodes of Two and a Half Men .
One of the most amazing things about astronomy is simply the fact that we understand so much about it .
That was n't true at first , of course .
Our minds were curious , our telescopes got better , and then our ability to program computers with equations really helped us leap - frog ahead .
Now we can observe objects , feed their parameters into computers programmed with the physics , and see what happens .
Because of this , we understand star formation .
Stars form in clouds of gas .
The cloud is sitting there , its gravity balanced by pressure , until something happens to upset that balance .
The cloud collapses , and stars form in various parts of it .
But what are those " somethings " that happen ?
Well , clouds can collide with each other , for one , or a nearby supernova can slam them with high speed ejecta that can also trigger collapse .
And even cooler ?
Now you can see this for yourself with The Star Formation Game !
In this game , commissioned by The Hive Overmind Discover Magazine , you start with a gas cloud , and click where you want to detonate supernovae , corralling the gas .
Do it right , form stars , and you move to the next level .
Do it wrong , and the cloud dissipates , and you fail in your godlike powers of birth and death .
The game was crafted with the help of astronomer Adam Frank , who also wrote a companion piece to it .
It 's actually a fun game , and just to let you know , I suck at it .
I can't seem to break 1000 , but clearly there are ways to rack up lots more points .
Give it a try and find out !
How many galaxies can you handle today ?
I hope it 's a lot .
Because I have three to show you , or maybe 5 , depending on how you count them .
First off , a gorgeous trio of interacting galaxies courtesy the Hubble Space Telescope .
This group was the winner of the contest to have people vote on where to point Hubble :
This group of three galaxies together are called Arp 274 ; Halton Arp cataloged quite a few oddly shaped galaxies , suspecting that they were more interesting than you might suppose at first glance .
He was right ; almost all the entries in his catalogue are galaxies interacting with one another , their mutual gravity distorting their shapes , their massive collisions triggering vast bursts of star birth across hundreds of thousands of light years of space .
It 's not clear what 's going on in this trio , located 400 million light years away .
The two galaxies on the right and left are clearly undergoing massive star bursts , which can be seen as the large blotches of blue ( when lots of stars are born , some are very massive and very luminous ones ; these shine blue ... and while they 're vastly outnumbered by lower mass redder stars , the dinkier stars shine more feebly and are harder to see ) .
The middle galaxy , however , appears relatively undisturbed .
Oddly , it also seems to be at a different distance from the other two , as measured using its redshift ( how fast it 's apparently moving away from us ) .
Is it possible that the middle galaxy is merely superposed on the other two , and it's just that pair that 's interacted sometime in the past ?
Or does the middle galaxy have an anomalous velocity for some unknown reason ?
Poking around the journal papers , I was unable to find an answer .
That in itself is interesting !
The next two galaxies are from the European Southern Observatory .
The first of these two is also a spiral , but a bit of a mess : NGC 7793 , 12.5 million light years distant .
Click this and the other pictures to get to embiggenated ones .
This photo , taken with the monster 8 - meter Very Large Telescope , shows off the chaotic nature of this spiral .
Most big spirals have well - formed spiral arms , but this one is a disaster .
Why ?
Interestingly , it has a lot of gas in it , one of the largest supplies of hydrogen known in any normal galaxy .
It 's also forming lots of very massive stars , so many that the gas is largely ionized ( that is , stripped of electrons by the ultraviolet light from the stars ) throughout the whole galaxy .
Does this affect how the spiral arms form ?
It 's hard to say , but when you have two weird things in one place , it 's tempting to correlate them .
It 's also not a terribly big spiral , less than half the diameter of the Milky Way .
Does that play in to this as well ?
Again , it 's hard to say .
The last galaxy is NGC 55 , an irregular , elongated galaxy .
It 's flattened and we see it roughly edge - on :
This image was taken by the 2.2 - meter MPG / ESO telescope in La Silla , Chile .
NGC 55 is pretty close by , only 7.5 million light year away , maybe three times as far as the Andromeda Galaxy .
It 's a bit of a mess , but its proximity gives us a great look at it .
In this image , individual stars can be seen !
We can also pick out planetary nebulae ; giant shells of expanding gas blown off by dying stars .
The properties of these nebulae can be used to figure out how far away they are from us , which gives us the distance of the galaxy itself .
It 's an irony of nature that it 's easier to figure out the distance to remote galaxies , which are swept away from us by the expansion of the Universe itself , than it is for nearby galaxies , which are too close to use the cosmic expansion for distance .
NGC 55 is a bit like the Large Magellanic Cloud , an irregularly - shaped galaxy that orbits the Milky Way ; both are oddly shaped , both are somewhat flattened .
But NGC 55 is hugely larger than the LMC , perhaps five times as big .
We 're not sure why some galaxies are irregular , and why some of these weirdos do have some shaping involved , like why being flattened .
Galaxies are huge , beautiful , intensely studied , and yet they still hold many mysteries for us to investigate .
Even ones that are nearby -- if you call quintillions of kilometers " close " ! -- and big in our telescopes still hold their secrets .
But it 's images like these that will help us understand them better , and slowly unravel the tapestry of how these gorgeous objects behave .
American officials predict dangerous insurgency , collapse of Pakistani government Joe Byrne
Published : Saturday April 18 , 2009
Print This Email This
The forecast for the Pakistani state is troubled at best , according to multiple senior intelligence sources and analysts .
Many are predicting an imminent collapse , contingent on continued American assassinations in the region .
An anonymous intelligence official with long experience in Pakistan told McClatchy News that " it 's a disaster in the making on the scale of the Iranian revolution , " and that " the implications of this are disastrous for the U.S .
The supply lines [ from Karachi to U.S. military bases ] in Kandahar and Kabul from the south and east will be cut , or at least they 'll be less secure , and probably sooner rather than later .
That will jeopardize the mission in Afghanistan , especially now that it 's getting bigger . "
Another Pentagon adviser speaking on condition of anonymity told McClatchy , " The place is beyond redemption .
I think Pakistan is moving toward a situation where the extremists control virtually all of the countryside and the government controls only the urban centers , " he continued .
" If you look out 10 years , I think the government will be overrun by Islamic militants . "
The experts interviewed for the article insisted that their views were n't worst case scenarios  but were " realistic expectations " for the coming months .
David Kilcullen , former military adviser to General Petraeus and a top expert on guerilla warfare , was recently quoted in the New York Times as saying , within one to six months we could see the collapse of the Pakistani state ,  creating a civil conflict that would dwarf current crises .
Meanwhile , drone missile attacks on Al - Qaeda operatives in the tribal regions of Pakistan continue to incite anger towards the Pakistani and American governments .
Dr. Gareth Porter , in an article published Thursday , believes that the drone missile attacks are weakening Pakistan 's defense against the growing insurgency .
" Al Qaeda has very little to do with the militancy in the tribal areas of Pakistan , " Marvin Weinbaum , former Afghanistan and Pakistan analyst at the Bureau of Intelligence Research at the U.S. Department of State , told Porter .
Weinbaum contends that the drone attacks are being continued " primarily because were enormously frustrated , and they represent the only thing we really have . "
John McCreary , a senior intelligence analyst for the Defense Intelligence Agency until his retirement in 2006 , observed to Porter that the targets in recent months " have been expanded to include Pakistani Pashtun militants . "
According to McCreary , the administration had quietly broadened the definition of Al Qaeda to include Pakistani insurgents .
It is unclear just how much the emphasis has shifted from attacking Al Qaeda to attacking Pakistani citizens fighting for the Taliban .
James Dobbins , the director of National Security Studies at the Rand Corporation , told Porter in an interview that as Pakistanis become the target of American missiles , a question is raised : is the drone program feeding the insurgency and popular support for it  ?
After the drone missile strikes in Pakistan became public knowledge a few months ago , the Obama administration has come to the program 's defense , claiming that it has been an effective tool at controlling Al Qaeda .
Information recently leaked by the administration revealed that nine of the top twenty 
Al Qaeda leaders have been killed by drone missile attacks .
However , according to figures compiled by the Pakistani authorities and reported by The News in Lahore , only 10 of the 50 drone strikes carried out from the beginning of 2008 to the beginning of this month hit their targets , killing 14 Al Qaeda operatives .
537 Pakistani civilians were killed in the other 40 botched attacks , 152 of them in the first half of 2009 .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
In a brief report , DigiTimes claims that Apple has placed orders with OmniVision Technologies for both 3.2 and 5 - megapixel image sensors .
The 3.2 - megapixel sensor is reportedly destined for the next - generation iPhone , while the 5 - megapixel sensor is claimed to be for a separate product launching later this year .
OmniVision has received 3.2 - megapixel CMOS image sensor ( CIS ) orders for Apple 's next - generation iPhone , according to market sources .
The company is also said to have secured 5 - megapixel CIS orders for another Apple product expected to be launched later in the year .
Both the original iPhone and the iPhone 3G utilize a 2 - megapixel camera , and speculation regarding a higher resolution camera in the next - generation iPhone has been popular for some time now .
Evidence of a " Publish Video " screen in the iPhone OS 3.0 beta and supporting claims of a video camera in the next - generation iPhone suggest that Apple is targeting significant improvements to the iPhone 's imaging capabilities .
OnLive , a tech company that has been in self - described " stealth mode " development for seven years , has unveiled new technology that allows even the most complex PC games to be played on a television set or any PC .
The ambitious venture , which hopes to revolutionize the gaming world by removing the need to continually upgrade PC hardware or buy new gaming consoles every generation , makes use of cloud computing -- doing all of the game 's video and audio processing on remote servers , then streaming the resultant images and sound back to the user quickly enough to play games in real time .
What 's most important though , says OnLive founder and CEO Steve Perlman and COO Mike McGarvey , is that the system works with any standard PC game , and does not require developers to code for a proprietary system .
Other attempts have fallen short in that area , Perlman told Gamasutra in a demonstration preceding the announcement .
" The technology of any of those other companies does not generalize , " he said .
" You may be able to get a particular game with particular geometry to work , but not as a general system that can handle any video stream , whether it 's cinematic or a complex video game . "
" What OnLive does is seamless and completely transparent , and it does not have any requirements for the local system . "
OnLive 's service , which is planned to combine a relatively low monthly subscription fee with other per-game business models not yet fully determined , requires only a one - megabyte download to a computer , or a small plastic dongle ( called a " micro-console " ) to connect to a TV ; no GPU is required .
Once subscribed , users will be able to run any of the service 's games , regardless of system requirements -- Gamasutra was able to try the system out with graphical powerhouses like Crytek 's Crysis and Codemasters ' GRID .
A number of major publishers including Electronic Arts , Ubisoft , Warner Bros. , Take - Two , Eidos , and Atari have already signed on .
And the company has announced a partnership with Epic Games that will see the Unreal Engine 3 easily adapt to OnLive 's APIs .
" Not only have we solved the problem of compressing the video games , we 've solved the latency problem , " Perlman said to Gamasutra .
" We knew , in order to make this thing work , we'd have to figure out a way to get video to run compressed over consumer connections with effectively no latency .
Our video compression technology has one millisecond in latency -- basically no latency at all .
All the latency is just for the transport , and we 've also addressed that . "
While it is of course impossible to completely eliminate the possibility of latency over a network , OnLive has actually gone to such lengths as to work directly with cable and internet providers to identify and repair inefficiencies in their systems that resulted in dropped packets or other flaws .
Eventually , the company hopes to provide even faster service by streaming directly through cable to users ' homes , much like paid television currently is .
When it launches this winter , the system will feature various community features , as well as the ability to spectate other players ' games in real time , even if the game does not natively contain an observer mode -- since all gameplay is delivered a video stream , that feature is integrated directly into OnLive itself .
[ UPDATE : During Gamasutra 's interview with OnLive , the company said that it does n't currently perceive itself to have direct competitors , as services like Steam or the console download networks do n't provide actual game streaming .
" You never know when you 're developing something new whether there are competitors , " said Perlman .
" But at this point we 've gone and spoken with most of the major publishers and none of them have seen anything that comes close to this . "
Plus , McGarvey added , " We 're going to hit 200 million people that Steam can't sell to , who have non-GPU - based PCs but want to play the latest games .
Yes , they are a competitor , but we 're a little more of a pure platform than just digital distribution .
And we eliminate the need to purchase hardware .
None of those [ other services ] expand the market like we do . " ]
To drive home the irrelevancy of game - specific system requirements using OnLive , the company plans to launch entirely with new PC games , but told Gamasutra it could later branch out to a broader range of eras and types of games .
" OnLive combines the successful components of video games , online distribution and social networking into one affordable , flexible platform that offers a new way for game fans to access and enjoy content , " said McGarvey in a statement .
" By substantially lowering the barriers between content and consumers , OnLive has created an environment that is highly beneficial for every facet of the video game ecosystem .
With OnLive , gamers can play what they want , when they want , how they want .
That level of freedom has never been possible until now . "
Twitter on Scala
A Conversation with Steve Jenson , Alex Payne , and Robey Pointer
by Bill Venners
April 3 , 2009
Advertisement
Summary
Three Twitter developers , Steve Jenson , Alex Payne , and Robey Pointer , talk with Bill Venners about their use of Scala in production at Twitter .
Twitter is a fast growing website that provides a micro-blogging service .
It began its life as a Ruby on Rails application , and still uses Ruby on Rails to deliver most user - facing web pages .
But about a year ago they started replacing some of the back - end Ruby services with applications running on the JVM and written in Scala .
In this interview , three developers from Twitter — Steve Jenson , system engineer ; Alex Payne , API lead ; and Robey Pointer , member of the service team — sit down with Bill Venners to discuss Twitter 's real - world use of Scala .
They describe the production issues that led them to consider Scala in the first place , what issues they ran into using Scala in production , and how Scala affected their programming style .
A quick look at Twitter
Bill Venners :
What is Twitter , and what in its technical history led you to consider Scala ?
Alex Payne : Twitter is a communications service that allows people to share information in 140 characters or less .
You can share information from your phone , from a web browser , or from one of many API clients that are out there , for just about every operating system , mobile platform , or web platform .
Basically , if you want to share a short thought , one to many , Twitter is a transport - independent way to do that .
In a broader technical sense , we see ourselves as a short messaging layer for the internet .
We ’ve been described as a “ telegraph for web 2.0 . ”
One of the things that ’s core to our business is providing open APIs for everything you can do on the website .
So all the functionality that ’s available there for users is also available for developers to access programmatically .
That ’s Twitter in a nutshell .
Twitter started as a hack project at a company called ODEO , which was focused on podcasting .
As ODEO was having some troubles in its latter days as a company , they started experimenting , to keep engineers involved by letting them play around with ideas they had on the side .
One of the engineers , Jack Dorsey , had been really interested in status .
He was looking at his AIM buddy list , and seeing that all of these guys were saying , “ I ’m walking the dog , ” “ I ’m working on this , ” “ I ’m going to that . ”
He wondered if there was some way to make it easier for people to share that status .
So he and a couple other engineers started prototyping what became Twitter on Ruby on Rails , which was the stack that ODEO was built on .
And Twitter continues today to be primarily a Rails application , with a bunch of Ruby daemons doing asynchronous processing on the backend .
Over time we found that although Rails works great for doing front - end web development , for doing heavy weight back - end processing , Rails had some performance limitations at runtime .
And I think that — and this is more my personal opinion — the Ruby language lacks some things that contribute to reliable , high performance code , which is something we ’re very interested in as we ’re growing as a business .
We want the code we write to be correct and maintainable .
We want to keep our costs down — all the things most businesses want out of their stack .
So that ’s why we started looking at Scala .
Reliable , high performance code
The other big reason we looked at Scala was that , although we ’ve run into problems with Ruby , we like the flexibility of the language .
We like that it ’s such a full featured language , that it ’s fun to code in .
It ’s the same reason so many Java people end up writing Ruby after they leave some big enterprise company .
They want to have fun day to day .
We did n’t want to leave that behind and go to a language with a very dry , businesslike community , like C++ , for example .
We know that people write super high performance code in C++ , and engineers like Steve and Robey have had experience with that .
But we wanted to be using a language that we ’re really passionate about , and it seemed worth taking a gamble on Scala .
Bill Venners : I ’m curious , and the Ruby folks will want it spelled out :
Can you elaborate on what you felt the Ruby language lacked in the area of reliable , high performance code ?
Steve Jenson :
One of the things that I ’ve found throughout my career is the need to have long - lived processes .
And Ruby , like many scripting languages , has trouble being an environment for long lived processes .
But the JVM is very good at that , because it ’s been optimized for that over the last ten years .
So Scala provides a basis for writing long - lived servers , and that ’s primarily what we use it for at Twitter right now .
Another thing we really like about Scala is static typing that ’s not painful .
Sometimes it would be really nice in Ruby to say things like , here ’s an optional type annotation .
This is the type we really expect to see here .
And we find that really useful in Scala , to be able to specify the type information .
Robey Pointer : Also , Ruby does n’t really have good thread support yet .
It ’s getting better , but when we were writing these servers , green threads were the only thing available .
Green threads do n't use the actual operating system ’s kernel threads .
They sort of emulate threads by periodically stopping what they are doing and checking whether another “ thread ” wants to run .
So Ruby is emulating threads within a single core or a processor .
We wanted to run on multi-core servers that do n’t have an infinite amount of memory .
And if you do n’t have good threading support , you really need multiple processes .
And because Ruby ’s garbage collector is not quite as good as Java ’s , each process uses up a lot of memory .
We ca n’t really run very many Ruby daemon processes on a single machine without consuming large amounts of memory .
Whereas with running things on the JVM we can run many threads in the same heap , and let that one process take all the machine ’s memory for its playground .
Alex Payne : I ’d definitely want to hammer home what Steve said about typing .
As our system has grown , a lot of the logic in our Ruby system sort of replicates a type system , either in our unit tests or as validations on models .
I think it may just be a property of large systems in dynamic languages , that eventually you end up rewriting your own type system , and you sort of do it badly .
You ’re checking for null values all over the place .
There ’s lots of calls to Ruby ’s kind_of ?
method , which asks , “ Is this a kind of User object ?
Because that ’s what we ’re expecting .
If we do n’t get that , this is going to explode . ”
It is a shame to have to write all that when there is a solution that has existed in the world of programming languages for decades now .
Complementing Ruby with Scala
Steve Jenson :
We find Ruby and Scala are very complementary .
We use Ruby , actually specifically Rails , for things that it is very strong at .
All the front end stuff that it does very well .
Bill Venners :
What do you use Scala for ?
Robey Pointer :
We had a Ruby - based queueing system that we used for communicating between the Rails front ends and the daemons , and we ended up replacing that with one written in Scala .
The Ruby one actually worked pretty decently in a normal steady state , but the startup time and the crash behavior were undesirable .
It was a little too slow and memory intensive .
Sometimes our peak loads would knock it out .
And when it got knocked out , it was very slow to recover , which is not what we wanted .
We wanted something that could handle the edge cases and the high load , maybe not as easily as a regular load , but with relative ease .
Bill Venners :
What did the daemons do ?
Robey Pointer : A lot of our architecture is based on letting Rails do what it does best , which is the AJAX , the web front ends , the website — what the user sees .
Anything we can offload out of the request / response cycle , we do .
So we queue those tasks into a messaging system and have back - end daemons handle them .
Steve Jenson :
For example , if you make a change to your social graph ; i.e. , you follow or unfollow someone on Twitter .
All of that work and the associated cache invalidations are done asynchronously by a daemon .
Bill Venners : Did you consider JRuby ?
Alex Payne :
We did .
At the time we looked into it , we simply could n't boot our Rails app on JRuby .
Too many of the Ruby Gems we make use of require C extensions , and have n't been ported to JVM - friendly versions .
The performance of JRuby was also not even on par with MRI ( the C implementation of Ruby ) , much less a language like Scala .
We 're open to trying out JRuby again in the future , but we 're also hoping that some Ruby patches will help in the meantime .
Tradeoffs with Scala
Bill Venners :
You ’ve had real experience with Scala , using it to solve real problems .
What tradeoffs did you find with it ?
What were the problems ?
What were the good things ?
What were the bad things ?
Steve Jenson : I think it worked remarkably well for us .
A lot of us have had experience programming in languages that were more research - oriented , and those tend to have a lot of problems when trying to productionize systems .
But we did n’t really run into a lot of those issues with Scala .
We would run into a few issues , with newer parts of the system .
I know we ran into some issues with actors and high scalability , but we were able to work around those .
Generally , it ’s been a very performant and stable system for us .
Robey Pointer : I would agree that the problems have been very minimal so far .
Some of it was just the newness of the language and compiler .
We occasionally run into compiler errors that are mystifying for a minute , which took a little time to figure out what the actual error was .
Some of the core collection libraries in Scala are not quite up to snuff yet .
And apparently they are working on that right now .
Bill Venners :
Not up to snuff in what way ?
They do n’t work ?
They ’re not fast ?
Robey Pointer : I never had a problem with them not working , but a couple of the methods were not written in a particularly performant way , or there were some gaps in the API .
In some cases we just decided to burrow down and use the Java collections from Scala , which is a nice advantage of Scala , that we have that option .
Alex Payne :
One of the first things I worked on in Scala here was a test harness for our APIs .
It wraps the Apache Commons HTTP library and provides a set of objects that represents the restful resources on our system .
The hardest part was just switching over from the Ruby mentality to the Scala mentality .
Trying to think more functionally .
Trying to think more immutably .
Thinking about static typing for the first time in several years .
So for people who may not have as much of a Java background and have more of a background in dynamic languages , the transition period might be a little bit longer for them , but having gotten to the other side of that , it ’s great .
Now I think in Scala by default as opposed to thinking in Ruby by default when I ’m sketching out code .
Bill Venners : How did learning Scala change how you think about programming ?
Robey Pointer : I had no functional background prior to learning Scala other than Python .
I was pretty familiar with Python .
As I ’ve learned more Scala I ’ve started thinking more functionally than I did before .
When I first started I would use the for expression , which is very much like Python’s .
Now more often I find myself invoking map or foreach directly on iterators .
Alex Payne : I guess thinking about concurrency in terms of actors was definitely a switch .
I ’d programmed a little bit in the IO language .
But I really like Scala ’s actor implementation , which is a little bit closer to Erlang ’s than IO’s .
That ’s been a positive change .
Steve Jenson : I came from a Java background , but I was also experienced in Common LISP and ML , and it was wonderful to use a runtime I was familiar with and be able to use functional combinators and closures and higher order functions , all these things that I ’ve wanted to use more in production systems .
I ’ve been really pleased with how they work in Scala .
Concerns with Scala
Bill Venners :
If I ’m thinking about using Scala in a production system , what should I worry about ?
What are the things I need to make sure work ?
What should I be scared of ?
Alex Payne : I ’d be prepared for a few hours of tinkering with your IDE or your editor .
It still seems like IDE and editor support is , perhaps not in its infancy , but in its awkward teenage years .
Several of us are using IntelliJ , and IntelliJ 8.1 seems to be pretty good when it comes to Scala support .
The Emacs mode , I know Steve uses that , but the indentation is a little quirky .
Textmate support is pretty dreadful , but there was some discussion on the Scala tools mailing list on improving that .
But that ’s a barrier to entry .
Robey Pointer :
If you ’re not coming from the Java world , if you ’re coming from the Ruby or Python world , the compile - deploy cycle can be a little irritating .
It ’s a very different world to set up a build environment and deploy jar files with large scripts than it is with Ruby or Python .
Alex Payne :
The JavaRebel kind of helps with that , once you get that set up , it ’s a little bit more of the , write some code , hit save , run some tests again .
You can get closer to that , but there ’s still some of the baggage of the Java world , where you have to do a whole bunch of up front setup on every project .
But you have a set of good conventions , and it becomes very easy to bring in new libraries .
You ’ve got a lot of deploy stuff baked in .
It ’s just a tradeoff .
Steve Jenson : Making sure that you ’re using mutability in the right places .
Start with immutability , then use mutability where you find appropriate .
That ’s been a good lesson for us .
The reason you should care about immutability is that if you ’re using threads and your objects are immutable , you do n’t have to worry about things changing underneath you .
For us that ’s been a big win .
We really only ever go to mutability if we feel we need an extra performance gain .
Robey Pointer :
And the JIT compiler can apparently give some important performance benefits to immutable objects .
Alex Payne :
One other thing we ’ve run into .
It ’s definitely a special case , and I do n’t think it should throw people off , but we ’ve been building a server , called Hosebird , to send the entire stream of public Tweets in near real time to a variety of partners over the internet .
So it is a specialized system .
We ’ve built it in Scala wrapping Jetty , and initially we had a number of actors inside the system : one to pull messages off of our internal messaging queue , and a number of other actors that represented clients .
And over time as we ran more and more system tests on it , we found that actors were n’t necessarily the ideal concurrency model for all parts of that system .
Some parts of the concurrency model of that system are still actor based .
For example , it uses a memcache library that Robey wrote , which is actor based .
But for other parts we ’ve just gone back to a traditional Java threading model .
The engineer working on that , John Kalucki , just found it was a little bit easier to test , a bit more predictable .
The nice thing was , it took minutes to switch code that was actor based over to something thread based .
It was a couple of search and replaces .
So it ’s not so bad if actors fail you for whatever reason .
Steve Jenson : Just to clarify , you ’re talking recently about moving from actors to more of the Java 5 concurrency model , like java.util.
concurrent , executors , thread pools ?
Alex Payne : I do n’t even know if John was using thread pools on that necessarily .
I think he was still doing some manual thread management .
Basically it was just moving from actors to explicitly running new threads .
Robey Pointer : I ran into the same thing in Kestrel , the queueing system .
I started off with an actor for every single queue .
I found that the work is so fine grained there that it was actually better at that tiny level to just use Java locks .
Actors work great for having client connections , where there ’s a bit of work overhead to what the actor is doing , and the code for handling client requests is very simple and straightforward .
Bill Venners :
Anything else that someone considering using Scala in the real world should be aware of ?
Alex Payne : I think programmers who ’ve never worked with a language with pattern matching before should be prepared to have that change their perceptions about programming .
I was talking to a group of mostly Mac programmers , largely Objective - C developers .
I was trying to convey to them that once you start working with pattern matching , you ’ll never want to use a language without it again .
It ’s such a common thing that a programmer does every day .
I have a collection of stuff .
Let me pick certain needles out of this haystack , whether its based on a class or their contents , it ’s such a powerful tool .
It ’s so great .
Robey Pointer : I wanted to talk a bit more about starting to use Scala .
It definitely was n’t a flippant choice we made over a few beers one night .
We actually agonized over it for quite a while .
Maybe not agonized , but certainly discussed it for a long time .
One of the biggest draws for us to Scala as opposed to another language , was that once you ’d started writing in a really high level language like Ruby , it can be difficult and kind of annoying to go back to a medium level language like Java , where you have to type a lot of code to get the same effect .
That was a really big draw for us .
With Scala we could still write this really high level code , but be on the JVM .
Bill Venners : Could you clarify what you mean by high and medium level ?
Robey Pointer : I think of it as , the higher the level of the programming language , the less you have to type to do more .
To me , languages like Ruby , Scala , and Python are very high level , because you can write a few lines of code to do what might take ten or twenty lines in Java , or 250 lines in C .
Getting started with Scala
Bill Venners :
How would you suggest people get started with Scala ?
Steve Jenson : Just try it .
Make a starter project .
Go for it .
Alex Payne :
There ’s great code on GitHub .
There ’s a growing Scala community there .
David Pollak and the rest of the Lift committers have put Lift on GitHub .
That ’s been sort of a catalyst .
Jonas Bonér , who has been working on a bunch of transactional memory systems , very high concurrency , enterprise back end stuff , has been releasing some of that stuff on GitHub .
And I think by the end of the year there will be something like five books .
Bill Venners : Last week at the JavaPosse roundup people were talking about how they tried something new out , and a theme emerged .
The advice was to try it on something you care about , but not something necessarily business critical .
Something that you care enough about that you ’ll keep going , but not something that if it fails , you will go out of business .
Steve Jenson :
We did that at Twitter .
We started by doing a small experiment , where we served our public timeline out of Scala .
And it worked very well .
We learned a lot of lessons , found out what we liked and what we did n’t like .
It still runs .
It has been running for almost a year .
Alex Payne :
Yes , the only time we have issues with it is when the underlying databases have replication lag .
Other than that it just keeps on humming .
And it has been such a success that our plan for the long run is to move more and more of our architecture into Scala .
The vast majority of our traffic is API requests , and we want most of those to be served by Scala , either at an edge cache layer or a web application layer .
Hopefully by the end of 2009 the majority of users ’ interactions with Twitter are going to be Scala - powered .
Share your opinion
Have an opinion on the ideas presented in this article ?
You can discuss this article in the Articles Forum Topic , Twitter on Scala .
Resources
Twitter is here :
http://twitter.com
Ruby 's home page :
http://www.ruby-lang.org
Scala 's home page :
http://www.scala-lang.org
Alex Payne is coauthor with Dean Wampler of the book Programming Scala , due to be published in print form in August 2009 , and available now as an O'Reilly " Rough Cut " PDF here :
http://oreilly.com/catalog/9780596157746/
The only Scala book available today in print form is Programming in Scala , coauthored by Martin Odersky ( the designer of Scala ) , Lex Spoon , and Bill Venners :
http://www.artima.com/shop/programming_in_scala
For a good overview of what Scala programming is all about , watch The Feel of Scala video on Parleys.com :
http://tinyurl.com/dcfm4c
About the Author
Bill Venners is president of Artima , Inc. , publisher of Artima Developer ( www.artima.com).
He is author of the book , Inside the Java Virtual Machine , a programmer - oriented survey of the Java platform 's architecture and internals .
His popular columns in JavaWorld magazine covered Java internals , object - oriented design , and Jini .
Active in the Jini Community since its inception , Bill led the Jini Community 's ServiceUI project , whose ServiceUI API became the de facto standard way to associate user interfaces to Jini services .
Bill is also the lead developer and designer of ScalaTest , an open source testing tool for Scala and Java developers , and coauthor with Martin Odersky and Lex Spoon of the book , Programming in Scala .
Powerhouse Programs of Linux
rsync
There are hundreds of different backup applications out there .
Rsync is one of those programs what once you learn how to harness its power you will never even think of backing up using anything else .
Rsync is a staple utility that is used in almost all professional backup solutions .
Not only is it the preferred method of backing up large amounts of data over a slow network , but also so efficient that it is the preferred way for transferring files to Amazon ’s S3 service .
When you pay for bandwidth by the bit you cannot afford anything but rsync .
Common Uses
rsync / path/to/source/ /path/to/destination
For a more detailed guide on how to actually put rsync to good use be sure to check out , Use Rsync for Daily , Weekly and Full Monthly Backups
dd
Not only is dd a court recognized bit for bit hard drive forensic imaging utility , it is also a great tool for making your own backups .
Dd has proven itself time and time again .
You can use it to copy CDs and other media .
You can also use it to move data to another hard drive or cat out strings stored in RAM .
Common Uses
Clone one hard drive to another .
dd if=/dev/sda2 of=/dev/sdb2 bs=4096 conv=notrunc, noerror
Detailed dd examples and a guide to Rick Roll your Hard Drive with dd .
grep
Grep , Global Regular Expression Print , is an incredibly useful utility for finding strings of text in a folder full of files .
Getting its roots directly from Unix this command has some tricks up its sleeves .
Grep is often times paired with other commands and connected using the pipe , ‘|’ .
Common Uses
Search history for the ‘ mount ’ command
history | grep mount
Find the process named , ‘ firefox ‘
ps - A | grep firefox
This searches all files and folders in the current directory recursively looking for , ‘ some string ’ .
grep -r “ some string ” *
Find out what service uses port 25
cat /etc / services | grep 25
find
Find is an awesome utility for finding files .
By itself it is n’t really that great but when you pipe the file output to other commands you can do amazing things .
This is one of those commands that can increase your productivity 10 fold .
Common Uses
Find all TXT files and change gzip them .
find .
- name *. txt - exec gzip {} \;
Find all PNG images resize and add a drop shadow at 90 degrees .
find .
- name “ *. png ” - exec convert {} ( + clone - background black - shadow 60x5+0+5 ) + swap - background white - layers merge +repage {} \;
Real World Find Usage
Using the find command Find is a beautiful tool
sed
sed - stream editor for filtering and transforming text
Common Uses
Change all occurrences of red and replace with blue
sed ’s /#FF0000/#0000 FF/g’ main.css
If you are new to sed definteily check out Eric Wendelin ’s Get sed savvy Part 1 , 2 , and 3 Sed - UNIX Stream Editor - Cheat Sheet
awk
Awk is a very powerful text manipulation programming language that can be called from the command line .
Common Uses
Double space a file
awk ‘ 1 ; { print “ ” }’
Update on Famous Awk One - Liners Explained awk is a beautiful tool
xargs
Build and execute command lines from standard input .
Xargs is a tool in which you a lot of complex commands are based on .
You can use xargs to execute a specific command using multiple file names .
Xargs is often used with the find command .
Common Uses
Delete more than one month old thumbnails from home directory
find ~/.thumbnails / - type f - atime +30 - print0 | xargs - 0 rm
history
History of commands
Common Uses
Replace a string in the previous command
^typo^correction ^
Search previous commands for strings that match ‘ mount ‘
history | grep mount
alias
Make your own commands .
Alias is a great way to take an otherwise long command and map it down to something of your own .
Oftentimes SSH connections are mapped to smaller commands as well as others .
Common Uses
alias ls=‘ls – color=auto ’
alias mybox=‘ssh myusername@mybox.blah.com ’
Using aliases and command - line functions for speed
gzip
Gzip is a very fast compression that is often used to compress HTML and CSS data on the web .
It is also used to compress files on a Linux machine most notably log files .
Take a peak in ‘/ var / log ’ to see what i mean .
Common Uses
Taking the dd command that we talked about earlier , we can backup an entire hard drive into a gzip file .
dd if=/dev/hdz1 | gzip - 9 > /mnt/backup.gz
ssh
SSH is a secure remote login program and is absolutely awesome .
I use ssh to login to remote servers every day .
You can also use it to create encrypted tunnels for transferring data and also NAT traversal using reverse tunnels .
Common Uses
Login to a remote host
ssh user@host.com
Create a reverse tunnel
ssh -R 10002:localhost:22 middleuser@middle
scp
Secure file copy .
I am usually using ssh to do most of my work and I use scp every time I need to move files remotely .
No longer do I use the insecure protocol , FTP .
Common Uses
scp user@remote:/path/to/remote /path/to/local
tail
Output the last parts ( tail ) of a file (s )
Common Uses
View the last kernel messages ( helpful to detect boot problems )
dmesg | tail
head
Like tail this ouputs part of a file .
Head outputs the beginning of a file .
Common Uses
Print the first few lines of ‘ filename.
txt ’
head filename.txt
Print the last modified file
ls - t1 | head -n1
ln
Make Links between files
Common Uses
Create a symbolic link
ln -s file / name linkName
curl
cURL seems to be the defacto standard application for integrating online web service APIs .
I have personally used cURL to do some pretty cool stuff with my own PHP code as well as local bash / perl scripts .
It is often used to emulate a web browser in automation scripts .
You can use cURL to :
wget
wget is like the command line version of cURL .
There is no library for wget and is usually not integrated into programming languages directly like cURL but is definitely a powerful tool to have in your arsenal .
Common Uses
Download Ubuntu from the command line
wget http://ubuntu.cs.utah.edu/releases/jaunty/ubuntu-9.04-desktop-i386.iso
Use wget to Download Youtube Videos
wc
wc is a simple app that packs a handy feature .
It has the ability to output counts for : bytes , chars , lines , longest line , words .
You can even give it a list of files to check by using the , ‘ – files0 - from ’ flag .
Common Uses
Do a word / line count on ‘ myfile.txt ‘
wc myfile.txt
netcat
The swiss army knife of networking and was ranked # 4 for top security programs .
This program can be integrated into scripts or used all by itself to do some amazing things .
You can use netcat to :
Common Uses
Make the bash process a service
nc -l -p 12345 -e /bin/ bash
Create a makeshift webserver
while netcat - lp 8080 - c ' echo HTTP /1.0 200 OK ' ; echo ; cat file ; do; done
A Unix Utility You Should Know About : Netcat
The ‘ Swiss gigolo ’ who seduced rich women and then blackmailed them out of millions of Euros has been sentenced to six years in jail .
Helg Sgarbi ’s victims included BMW heiress Susanne Klatten , who had handed over more than € 7m .
And Sgarbi – nicknamed the ‘ Swiss gigolo ’ by the media – had faced up to ten years in prison at his trial in Munich .
But a courtroom confession in which he expressed regret over his crimes persuaded the judge to pass down a more lenient sentence .
It had meant that the victims would not have to give potentially embarrassing evidence in court .
He has no chance of an early release , however , as he has not given any clues to where the missing money is hidden .
Authorities have recovered around € 1.2 m in Italy , where some of it was hidden behind a wall , as well as houses in Pescara and Egypt , cars and furniture .
According to the BBC , prosecutor Anton Winkler said that Sgarbi extorted money out of his victims by saying he would release “ compromising material ” .
" In one case he said the material was stolen from him by the Mafia and now the Mafia was asking for money , but later he asked directly for money , " Mr Winkler said .
" In the second case he directly blackmailed his victim and told her that he had pictures .
He told her , ' pay or I go public with the pictures and your privacy ' . "
Three of the women seduced by dad - of - one Sgarbi had their identities hidden , but Mrs Klatten – who owns a 12.5 per cent stake in German car giant BMW - agreed for her name to be released .
Susanne Klatten , a victim of ' Swiss gigolo ' Helg Sgarbi , has told BILD she was right to go public about the blackmail .
Swiss gigolo Helg Sgarbi is refusing to reveal where he hid the missing blackmail money .
Ernano Berratta has gone on trial in Italy accused by being Swiss gigolo Helg Sgarbi 's blackmail accomplice .
In other news :
New US First Lady Michelle set to work serving up food in a soup kitchen for the homeless in Washington .
Nazi concentration camp monster John Demjanjuk could be extradited to Germany .
Is Mohammed al - Dura , the Palestinian boy who was filmed being supposedly killed by Israeli troops , in fact still alive ?
We have lots of commercial software available to use on different platform to complete our different work , but they are not free and sometime we do not able to purchase .
Do n’t worry about it , today we are listing here 11 Free And Useful Open - Source Alternatives For Designers in which most of them are cross-platform .
There are many alternative available for single software , but I just tried to list down some very similar and useful alternative .
You might not be able to enjoy all the features as original software but it will really help you to perform your task in a better way when your pocket does not allow you to purchase commercial software .
You are welcome if you want to share more Open - Source Alternatives For Designers that we have missed here and you think our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
You may be interested in these older posts
11 Premium But Free And Useful Web Apps For Designers
31 Power Tools For Twitter Lovers To Make Lives Easier
23 Magical Photographs To Believe That Are Not Photoshopped
13 Premium - Like WordPress Themes That Are Free And Stunning
21 Really Stunning Photoshopped Photos For Creative Inspiration
17 Mind-Blowing Digital Painting Tutorials Of Beautiful Girls
27 Eye-Opening and Inspiring Websites Of Top Brands
43 Of The Extremely Creative Wonders Of Macro Photography
31 Incredible Resources And Inspirations For Designers Like You To Discover The Best Of The Web In November
27 Best Places You Should Visit To Get Incredible Web Design Inspiration !
13 Simple And Elegant Free WordPress Themes
21 Extremely Vibrant And Creative Advertisements With Animals
39 Masterpieces Of Creative Advertisements
17 Digital Image Illustration Which You Probably Never Seen Before !
15 Digital Photo Manipulation From Flickr To Get Inspiration
23 Awesome Photos That Look Like They ’re Photoshopped But Are Not
21 Simple But Impressive Corporate Web Designs Of Top Brands
Jahshaka
Alternative : Adobe After Effects
Jahshaka give you the power of movie editing and effects in open source environment .
You can edit with flexibility and speed and can create Effects in real time .
With this software animate with unlimited features and Paint / design on moving video .
It will let you work in any format at any resolution as well .
CinePaint
Alternative : Adobe Photoshop
CinePaint is used to retouch feature films and in pro photography .
CinePaint opens high fidelity image file formats such as DPX , 16 - bit TIFF , and OpenEXR , and conventional formats like JPEG and PNG .
It has a flipbook for movie playback of image sequences in RAM .
It supports 8 - bit , 16 - bit and 32 - bit color channels , HDR and CMS .
Amaya
Alternative : Adobe Dreamweaver
Amaya is a Web editor , i.e. a tool used to create and update documents directly on the Web .
Browsing features are seamlessly integrated with the editing and remote access features in a uniform environment .
This follows the original vision of the Web as a space for collaboration and not just a one - way publishing medium .
Open Office Draw
Alternative : Microsoft Visio
DRAW – from a quick sketch to a complex plan , DRAW gives you the tools to communicate with graphics and diagrams .
With a maximum page size of 300 cm by 300 cm , DRAW is powerful tool for technical or general posters , etc .
Blender
Alternative : Autodesk 3ds Max
Blender is the free open source 3D content creation suite , available for all major operating systems .
It includes tools for modeling – fast subdivision surface and polygon tools , multi-resolution mesh sculpting , metaballs , NURBS , vector fonts , and curves ; uv mapping ; shaders and texturing – both paint based and node based ; ik and fk animation tools with rigging , constraints , skinning , morph targets , drivers , deformers , and modifiers ; simulation tools including hard bodies , soft body , cloth , and fluids ; and particle systems including hair .
Blender has integrated rendering with both its native renderer and the raytracer Yafray as well supporting many external renderers ; and python based scripting .
Imgv
Alternative : ACDSee
Imgv is a unique and feature rich Image Viewer .
It is released as free software with full source code .
Imgv is portable and can run on Windows , Linux , BSD , OSX , and other operating systems .
Features include a GUI that does n’t get in the way of viewing your images , a file browser , slideshows , zooming , rotating , on - the - fly Exif viewing , histograms , fullscreen support , wallpaper settin and much more …
Inkscape
Alternative : Adobe Illustrator
An Open Source vector graphics editor , with capabilities similar to Illustrator , CorelDraw , or Xara X , using the W3C standard Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) file format .
Â
Inkscape supports many advanced SVG features ( markers , clones , alpha blending , etc. ) and great care is taken in designing a streamlined interface .
It is very easy to edit nodes , perform complex path operations , trace bitmaps and much more .
Gimpshop
Alternative : Adobe Photoshop
Gimpshop is a hack made on top of the original Gimp project which changes all menues , dialogs , etc. , in order to make them look as much as their counterparts in Photoshop .
This makes users who are already familiar with the layout of Photoshop feel right at home in this open source application .
Please note that all features in Photoshop in not available in Gimpshop , since it is based on the Gimp project and it ’s feature set .
Xara LX
Alternative : CoralDRAW
Xara Xtreme for Linux is a powerful , general purpose graphics program for Unix platforms including Linux , FreeBSD and ( in development ) OS -X .
It offers some of the most powerful graphics tools available .
Xara Xtreme has a clean , un-cluttered user interface .
Few floating dialogs , palettes , menus etc .
Avidemux
Alternative : Final Cut Pro
Avidemux is a free video editor designed for simple cutting , filtering and encoding tasks .
It supports many file types , including AVI , DVD compatible MPEG files , MP4 and ASF , using a variety of codecs .
Tasks can be automated using projects , job queue and powerful scripting capabilities .
Pencil
Alternative : Toon Boom Studio
Pencil is an animation / drawing software for MacÂ OSÂ X , Windows , and Linux .
It lets you create traditional hand - drawn animation ( cartoon ) using both bitmap and vector graphics .
Pencil is free and open source .
WASHINGTON , May 7 --
Thanks to the ability of astronomers to detect the presence of extrasolar planets orbiting distant stars , scientists today are able to examine hundreds of solar systems .
Now researchers at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Mass . have created an " astro - comb " to help astronomers detect lighter planets , more like Earth , around distant stars .
The Harvard group will present their findings at the 2009 Conference on Lasers and Electro Optics / International Quantum Electronics Conference ( CLEO / IQEC ) , which takes place May 31 to June 5 at the Baltimore Convention Center .
In most cases , extrasolar planets can't be seen directly -- the glare of the nearby star is too great -- but their influence can be discerned through spectroscopy , which analyzes the energy spectrum of the light coming from the star .
Not only does spectroscopy reveal the identity of the atoms in the star ( each element emits light at a certain characteristic frequency ) , it can also tell researchers how fast the star is moving away or toward Earth , courtesy of the Doppler effect , which occurs whenever a source of waves is itself in motion .
By recording the change in the frequency of the waves coming from or bouncing off of an object , scientists can deduce the velocity of the object .
This process is used to judge the speed of automobiles , storm systems , fastballs , and stars .
How can it be used to deduce the presence of a planet ?
Though the planet might weigh millions of times less than the star , the star will be jerked around a tiny amount owing to the gravity interaction between star and planet .
This jerking motion causes the star to move toward or away from Earth slightly in a way that depends on the planet 's mass and its nearness to the star .
The better the spectroscopy used in this whole process , the better will be the identification of the planet in the first place and the better will be the determination of planetary properties .
Right now standard spectroscopy techniques can determine star movements to within a few meters per second ( m/sec ) .
In tests , the Harvard researchers are now able to calculate star velocity shifts of less than 1 m/sec , allowing them to more accurately pinpoint the planet 's location .
Smithsonian researcher David Phillips says that he and his colleagues expect to reach a velocity resolution of 60 cm/sec , and maybe even 1 cm /sec , which when applied to the activities of large telescopes presently under construction , would open new possibilities in astronomy and astrophysics , including simpler detection of more Earth - like planets .
With this new approach , Harvard astronomers achieve their great improvement using a frequency comb as the basis for the astro - comb .
A special laser system is used to emit light not at a single energy but a series of energies ( or frequencies ) , evenly spaced across a wide range of values .
A plot of these narrowly - confined energy components would look like the teeth of a comb , hence the name frequency comb .
The energy of these comb - like laser pulses is known so well that they can be used to calibrate the energy of light coming in from the distant star .
In effect , the frequency comb approach sharpens the spectroscopy process .
The resultant astro -comb should enable a further expansion of extrasolar planetary detection .
The astro - comb method has been tried out on a medium - sized telescope in Arizona and will soon be installed on the much larger William Herschel Telescope , which resides on a mountaintop in the Canary Islands .
###
Presentation CMII1 , " Femtosecond Laser Frequency Comb for Precision Astrophysical Spectroscopy , " Chih - Hao Li et al , 3:45 p.m. , Monday , June 1 .
ABOUT CLEO / IQEC
With a distinguished history as one of the industry 's leading events on laser science , the Conference on Lasers and Electro - Optics and the International Quantum Electronics Conference ( CLEO / IQEC ) is where laser technology was first introduced .
CLEO / IQEC combines the strength of peer - reviewed scientific programming with an applications - focused exhibition to showcase the present and future of this technology .
Sponsored by the American Physical Society 's ( APS ) Laser Science Division , the Institute of Electronic Engineers ( IEEE ) Photonics Society and the Optical Society ( OSA ) , CLEO / IQEC provides an educational forum , complete with a dynamic Plenary , short courses , tutorials , workshops and more , on topics as diverse as its attendee base whose broad spectrum of interests range from biomedicine to defense to optical communications and beyond .
For more information , visit the conference 's Web site at www.cleoconference.org.
You had to see this coming , what with @ Oprah ( Winfrey ) discovering it and Ashton " @aplusk " Kutcher challenging CNN to a duel over who'd reach a million followers first , but Twitter had explosive growth in March .
It more than doubled U.S. visitors alone to 9.3 million ( 19 million worldwide , Techcrunch says ) , making Twitter the fastest - growing site last month , according to Comscore .
Numbers that impressive mean the site is more than just the net 's latest craze — it means the service has become an inescapable cultural phenomenon , for better or worse .
But what 's even more compelling about those March statistics ?
They do n't include all sorts of interaction with the micro- blogging site , like the number of people who use Twitter on mobile phones or via third - party applications that send and receive Tweets .
Put another way , even if there was no twitter.com , there could be a Twitter .
After getting an account there is no really reason to go back to the site unless you want to change something in your profile .
Even Twitter search is at a different domain — search.twitter.com — a situation the company is working quickly to rectify , the better to make pages relevant to users and thus advertiser - friendly .
Still , according to Alexa.com , twitter.com , which launched in March 2006 , is ranked 65th in net traffic overall .
Of course Twitter 's real impact is almost impossible to gauge other than anecdotally as it quickly permeates the mainstream , and people come up with inventive ways to use it as something more than a status update soapbox , suggestion box and complaint center .
Forget the anointing power of Oprah — and the massive influx of traffic she drives .
We 've long passed the moment when numbers alone tell us nearly enough .
Cooks are publishing recipes 140 characters at a time , and ferries telegraph their comings and goings , and scientists use it to send telepathic messages , and guilt - ridden souls confess anonymously , and audiophiles turn it into a music discovery engine , and politicians are announcing their candidacies and even tweeting from the House floor .
At that point , the number of unique visitors a month does n't tell you much .
You need a cultural / technology anthropological futurist to divine its meaning .
And hopefully one who can explain things in 140 - character bites .
How long can it be before " Tweet " becomes the next official verb in some dictionary ?
Hey — it took " Google " only about three years , so they'd be right on schedule .
Image : Status screengrab of Twitter co-founder Biz Stone ( @biz ) on election night , 2008 )
See Also :
Viviane Reding , the EU Commissioner for Information Society and Media , says that an open Internet is " crucial " to Europe .
But that does n't mean a little traffic shaping , service prioritization , and discrimination wo n't be allowed .
In a September 2008 speech in Copenhagen , Reding told a network neutrality conference that " a cynical observer may note that in the end this whole Net Neutrality debate is about hard cash .
Dollars and euros ...
This is just arm wrestling between big network providers and successful providers of Internet services . "
According to a ( sponsored ) study from Synovate , 91 percent of European Internet users expect ISPs not to block or degrade services , but only 7 to 15 percent of Internet users would actually switch ISPs if that happened .
That does n't sound like the position of someone inclined to push network openness rules into law , and indeed Reding has repeatedly make clear that she does n't favor such an approach .
Instead , she wants to rely on competition to solve any problems that arise — competition that does tend to exist more in Europe thanks to widespread line - sharing rules .
" Some proponents of Net Neutrality would like to see equal treatment for everyone cast in the Stone Tables of the Telecoms Reform , " she said .
" But we must recognise that openness for innovation sometimes cannot exclude legitimate network management practices .
For instance , traffic prioritisation can sometimes be an important driver of value and growth for operators ...
In the end , it will be up to the consumers to decide to change to a provider that offers them what they would like . "
Switching is hard work
The key question , of course , is whether consumers actually would switch ISPs to avoid abusive practices , which brings us up to this week , when Google , Skype , Yahoo , and other Internet companies offered some new research on the question .
According to a ( sponsored ) study from Synovate , 91 percent of European Internet users expect ISPs not to block or degrade services , but only 7 to 15 percent of Internet users would actually switch ISPs if that happened .
And 25 percent of users would simply blame the website or service for the problem , not the ISP .
The web companies trot out the numbers to make two points : first , despite the rhetoric about " net neutrality " being an " American issue , " most of the EU 's Internet users have an expectation that their Internet connections will be fully open .
Second , competition may not be enough to head off problems .
The issue has become a hot - button one as the EU considers a massive Telecom Package .
The goal is nothing less than a reworking of EU European telecom policy to produce a " single market " for telecommunications services instead of a patchwork of national fiefdoms .
But all sorts of gristle is being tossed into the soup pot , including amendments relating to the French " three strikes " law that would boot repeat copyright infringers off the Internet .
To net neutrality supporters , though , the big worry is a UK - backed amendment that would allow ISPs to do all sorts of things — as long as whatever they choose to do is disclosed to users .
The details of what might actually get passed remain in flux .
The European Commission , the European Parliament , and EU member state representatives are all meeting this week to hash out a final version of the law , which could pass in the next month .
Bolstering Reding 's case for competition was a new EU report out this week showing that the average monthly price for broadband fell in the last year .
1 - 2Mbps connections are 19 percent cheaper , while 2 - 4 M bps links dropped 29 percent in one year .
Whether or not Reding 's approach is the right one , she 's correct to point to the differences between EU and US markets .
In Europe , line - sharing rules in nearly every country mean that DSL connections can be obtained from a host of providers at regulated prices , rather than the common US duopoly situation .
And Europe is increasingly pushing the same approach with next - gen fiber networks .
Greece and the UK , for instance , are both rolling out national fiber infrastructures ( though the UK's will only provide fiber - to - the - node in many places ) , and both are requiring the network to be open to competing ISPs .
Greece promises 100 M bps connections to 90 percent of its homes within seven years , along with a choice of Internet provider .
A business dispute
But even with competition , switching can be a huge hassle .
If Google , Skype , and Yahoo are correct , then it will take some truly egregious ISP behavior before people start switching in droves .
And that could give ISPs plenty of room to " experiment with different consumer offerings , " as Reding puts it — something that could be quite bad for business .
In Reding 's view , though , " business " is exactly what this is about .
She has made clear that the EU wants competition and wo n't tolerate " abusive or anticompetitive behaviour , " be she has no interest in making net neutrality into a moral issue .
In one of the more tragic stories related to water shortage in recent history , some 1,500 farmers in India ’s agricultural state of Chhattisgarh committed mass suicide in response to the devastating effects of water shortages on their crop production .
The story , reported here by The Belfast Telegraph and The Independent , underscores the potentially devastating effects of water shortages to agriculture - centric regions of the globe , and to those who rely on water for not only their financial livelihoods and health , but for their hope .
“ The water level has gone down below 250 feet here .
It used to be at 40 feet a few years ago… . ”
said Shatrughan Sahu , a villager local from a Chhattisgarh district , to India ’s Down To Earth magazine .
The district has been particularly devastated by farmer suicides in recent years , having recorded 206 in the past year alone .
District police records indicate that many of the deaths occur due to distress over financial debt related to crop failures .
In the Chhattisgarh region , water levels in the area have been reported to have been in major decline during recent years primarily due to drought , which has all but destroyed agricultural efforts in the region .
However , farmer suicides , including those committed en masse , have a tragic history in India beyond Chhattisgarh state itself .
According to the statistics of National Crime Records Bureau , some 200,000 farmers have committed suicide during the past 12 years .
The BBC , citing another government report , reported in 2007 that â€œabout 12 per cent of marginal and small farmers have left farmingâ€ during the past several years .
India is by no means the only region experiencing such dramatic levels of drought and resulting threat to agricultural production and farmer livelihood .
For example , some Australian farmers are experiencing similar financial hardships as a result of water shortages due to drought , and which are exacerbated by loan conditions that make it difficult for farmers to manage their debt .
Many believe that though such regions today serve as flashpoints for the water crisis , they are actually harbingers of problems destined to face many other regions of the globe in coming years .
Though for different reasons related to genetically modified crops , farmer suicides in India have been in the international news spotlight before , and become a cause championed by Prince Charles .
The situation related to GM crops , which involves Monsanto , has garnered such international attention that Monsanto even chose to make a public statement addressing the issue on their newly launched corporate blog .
In addition to putting a sobering exclamation point on the present state of global water availability , the story also serves as further reminder of how farmers and agricultural nations stand at the forefront of the world water crisis and are presently suffering the most immediate and dramatic of its effects .
Recent documentary films such as Sam Bozzo ’s indy water documentary Blue Gold : World Water Wars and Irena Salina ’s FLOW include stories of the plight of farmers in relation to drought , regional politics , and economically - driven multinational water interests .
A screenshot of Last.fm , an Internet radio site that will soon begin charging people $ 3 a month to access its music .
Photograph by : www.last.fm , Canwest News Service
Juggernaut Internet radio site , Last.fm , will soon charge $ 3 a month for users outside of the U.S. , United Kingdom and Germany .
Last.fm founder Richard Jones announced the switch to a paid service Tuesday in the site 's official blog .
" There will be a 30 track free trial , and we hope this will convince people to subscribe and keep listening to the radio , " he wrote .
The London - based website currently has 30 million users , who use the service to stream music catered to their tastes , recommend music and browse band biographies .
" We work with over 280,000 labels and artists , many of whom we pay directly , and have built up the largest catalogue of any web radio platform : over seven million tracks are available on Last. fm Radio stations , " he wrote .
Jones said the monthly fee will give listeners unlimited access to Last. fm Radio .
The subscription charge is expected to take effect March 30 .
Some users were swift to condemn the move , with many saying they were finished with the service .
Others questioned why three countries would continue to receive the service for free .
" Seriously , we , the ones who live in the 192 countries , want to know why we have to subsidize those will live in the USA , the U.K. and Germany ? " wrote one user .
" I have some trouble understanding your logic . "
Owen Parry , Last . fm 's product manager , digital music , responded to some of the comments .
" Revenue from international subscriptions will be used to cover the cost of providing a radio service for international users .
Revenue from advertising will be used to cover some of the cost of providing service in the three countries — subscriptions are also available , " he wrote .
" While we would like to provide the same service for users of all countries — the world is a huge place and it's not cheap to deliver music over the Internet . "
Last.fm was bought a year ago by CBS for $ 280 million .
From the ' Mandrake 's legacy ' files :
Ulteo is out with a new release of its open virtual desktop ( OVD ) today that now enables Windows as well as Linux applications .
Ulteo is an interesting company co-founded by the founder of Mandrake Linux Gael Duval .
When I spoke with Duval last year about the initial 1.0 release , he told me that the plan was to expand to Windows in 2009 -- and here it is .
The basic idea behind Ulteo is that it lets users access applications in a SaaS type model .
Ulteo provides OpenOffice.org aas a virtual online instance to users .
With the new Windows edition , it looks like an enterprise could virtually deliver whatever Windows applications they wanted to for users .
" For Windows applications , the Ulteo OVD runs on top of Windows Server Terminal Services .
In addition , it is an ideal solution for server management , load balancing and monitoring Windows TS servers , " Gael Duval , CTO of Ulteo said in a statement .
" But we also have requests to integrate the Ulteo OVD with commercial or Open Source portals , Enterprise Content Management , LDAP or Active Directory , etc .
Since it is Open Source , these integrations are happening really fast . "
The virtual app and desktop delivery market is a crowded one , even on the open source side .
Citrix with its various XenServer initiatives is a key player as is VMware and Red Hat 's Qumranet with KVM .
How effectively Ulteo will be able to compete is a difficult question to answer in my opinion .
Ulteo however is all open source so the barriers to entry are low for anyone that wants to try it out .
Duval managed to carve a nice niche for Mandrake against larger competitors while he was there and I have little doubt that he 'll carve a nice niche for Ulteo too .
The Glassy Tank has been designed by Japanese designer , Kouichi Okamoto of Kyouei design .
The Glassy Tank works with air and water pressure .
You do n’t have to worry that the liquid will fall from the glass .
When emptying the glass , the tank will re-fill it with a constant amount of liquid without flowing over the brim .
It Looks Awesome !
Via
Many people think the world is more frightening than it once was A charity is calling for a nationwide campaign to protect the UK 's mental health after a survey suggested people were growing ever more anxious .
The poll of 2,000 adults for the Mental Health Foundation found 77 % found the world more frightening than in 1999 .
The charity described a " culture of fear " in which the media and politicians fuelled a sense of unease .
But one sociologist said the campaign risked becoming a " self - fulfilling prophecy " making people more anxious .
The report ,
In the Face of Fear , found more than a third of people say they get frightened or anxious more often than they used to , while 77 % thought the world had become a scarier place .
While the economic climate was seen as part of the reason for the increased levels of fear , the charity said it believed there were other factors at play .
The report said " worst - case - scenario language " sometimes used by politicians , pressure groups , businesses and public bodies around issues such as knife - crime , MRSA , bird - flu and terrorism can have a detrimental effect on people 's wellbeing .
Variations
Meanwhile it said devices to reassure people such as CCTV " can actually make people feel more fearful , sensing that high security suggests risk .
Fear of crime continues to rise even though crime rates have fallen in the last decade " .
The survey found variations - geographical as well as generational - among the 2,000 adults polled .
The modern world will test our resilience again and again and people need to know how to process their emotions better to prevent harm to their mental and physical health
Dr Andrew McCulloch
Mental Health Foundation Londoners were nearly twice as likely to feel anxious " a lot of the time " than those elsewhere in the country .
Younger people also consistently reported greater fear than older people , while women were more than twice as likely to report experiencing anxiety than men .
The report also drew on research by the Office of National Statistics which suggested that those diagnosed with anxiety - related disorders tended to be single , divorced or separated and earning less money .
These apparently increasing levels of fear needed to be addressed , the foundation argued , as those who suffer from anxiety were much more likely to experience other problems such as heart disease , gastrointestinal troubles , asthma and allergies .
" The modern world will test our resilience again and again and people need to know how to process their emotions better to prevent harm to their mental and physical health , " said Mental Health Foundation chief executive Dr Andrew McCulloch .
" A mental health promotion campaign that shows individuals how to look after their own mental health would be of immense public benefit , and help prevent common mental health problems like anxiety and depression . "
Free leaflets
As well as a mental heath promotion strategy , the charity wants the government to stop " unnecessarily using the language of fear " .
HAVE YOUR SAY
I get the occasional bout of anxiety but you just have to plough on as best as you can Andrew Lye , Pembrokeshire
It wants treatments such as cognitive behavioural therapy to be more readily available , and the free provision of self - help book and leaflets .
Parenting programmes could help parents learn how to raise children who have a " proportionate relationship " with fear , it says .
But Kent University sociologist Frank Furedi said " the last thing people need is parenting classes " .
" There is a sense that people are more afraid , but such campaigns become self - fulfilling prophecies , " he said .
" Their bottom line is always that people are not coping and that becomes the message that people take away - they lose faith in themselves .
" But we do need more of a robust communal infrastructure so that people do n't feel so alone , as the report highlights , " he added .
" And ironically it may be the current common threat of economic meltdown which in fact brings us together . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gulf of Mexico oil production could peak in 2013 ENERGY
A new phase in the Gulf
Oil production in the Gulf of Mexico could peak at more than 1.8 million barrels per day by 2013 under the industry ’s best - case scenario , but natural gas production will likely continue its decadelong decline , according to a government study released Monday at the Offshore Technology Conference .
About 1.1 million barrels of oil per day were produced in the Gulf in 2008 , according to the Minerals Management Service , with about 829,000 coming from deep - water fields — those drilled in more than 1,000 feet of water .
Natural gas production was about 6.43 billion cubic feet per day , with about 2.6 bcf coming from the deep water .
Oil production from projects the industry has currently or is committed to starting up could peak at 1.6 million barrels by 2011 , according to the agency ’s forecast , but if announced discoveries and undiscovered resource estimates are included , the peak could reach 1.8 million barrels by 2013 .
“ The deep - water frontier has entered a new phase , ” said Mike Prendergast , chief of staff for the agency ’s Gulf of Mexico region , with technology developments leading the charge to larger and deeper projects .
The Gulf of Mexico accounts for about 25 percent of domestic oil production and 15 percent of natural gas output , according to the agency .
Royal Dutch Shell ’s Perdido platform , in 8,000 feet of water 200 miles south of Freeport , represents the trend ’s cutting edge and will be the new oil and gas deep - water champion when it comes on next year with a 130,000 - barrel - per day capacity .
The Anadarko Petroleum - operated Independence Hub is also in 8,000 feet of water about 185 miles from New Orleans .
It just pumps natural gas .
The number of production projects operating in depths greater than 1,000 feet grew 8 percent last year to 141 , according to the report , while 57 percent of Gulf oil and gas leases in 2008 were in the deep water , up from 54 percent a year ago .
Gulf natural gas production peaked in 1997 at 14.1 bcf but has dropped since then due to both the decline in production in mature shallow - water fields and the fact that the deepest formations tend to have much more oil than natural gas .
Of the deep - water finds under development , it ’s predicted that 84 percent of the output will be oil and only 16 percent natural gas .
tom.fowler@chron.com
It has emerged that Rangers defender Kirk Broadfoot was treated in hospital on Sunday after an egg exploded in his face .
The Scotland player was inspecting two eggs he had poached in the microwave when one of them blew up , squirting scalding water onto his face .
Freak injuries : Click the image on the right to launch our guide .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Broadfoot was treated in hospital and is expected to make a full recovery .
Rangers manager Walter Smith said : " He 's got some facial burns but he should be okay . "
Kirk Broadfoot is not the first footballer to be struck by a freak injury as our guide explains .
Click the image on the right to launch our guide .
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
Hampshire College in Amherst , Massachusetts , has become the first of any college or university in the US to divest from companies on the grounds of their involvement in the Israeli occupation of Palestine .
This landmark move is a direct result of a two - year intensive campaign by the campus group , Students for Justice in Palestine ( SJP ) .
The group pressured Hampshire College ’s Board of Trustees to divest from six specific companies due to human rights concerns in occupied Palestine .
More than 800 students , professors and alumni have signed SJP ’s “ institutional statement ” calling for the divestment .
The proposal put forth by SJP was approved on Saturday , 7 February 2009 by the Board .
By divesting from these companies , SJP believes that Hampshire has distanced itself from complicity in the illegal occupation and war crimes of Israel .
Meeting minutes from a committee of Hampshire ’s Board of Trustees confirm that “ President Hexter acknowledged that it was the good work of SJP that brought this issue to the attention of the committee . ”
This groundbreaking decision follows in Hampshire ’s history of being the first college in the country to divest from apartheid South Africa 32 years ago , a decision based on similar human rights concerns .
This divestment was also a direct result of student pressure .
The divestment has so far been endorsed by Noam Chomsky , Howard Zinn , Rashid Khalidi , Vice President of the EU Parliament Luisa Morganitini , Cynthia McKinney , former member of the African National Congress Ronnie Kasrils , Mustafa Barghouti , Israeli historian Ilan Pappe , John Berger , Nobel Peace Laureate Mairead Maguire and Roger Waters of Pink Floyd , among others .
The six corporations , all of which provide the Israeli military with equipment and services in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip are : Caterpillar , United Technologies , General Electric , ITT Corporation , Motorola and Terex .
Furthermore , our policy prevents the reinvestment in any company involved in the illegal occupation .
SJP is responding to a call from Palestinian civil society for boycott , divestment and sanctions ( BDS ) as a way of bringing nonviolent pressure to bear on the state of Israel to end its violations of international law .
SJP is following in the footsteps of many noted groups and institutions such as the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education in the UK , the Israeli group Gush Shalom , the Congress of South African Trade Unions , the Canadian Union of Public Employees and the American Friends Service Committee .
As well as voicing our opposition to the illegal occupation and the consistent human rights violations of the Palestinian people , we as members of an institute of higher education see it as our moral responsibility to express our solidarity with Palestinian students whose access to education is severely inhibited by the Israeli occupation .
SJP has proven that student groups can organize , rally and pressure their schools to divest from the illegal occupation .
The group hopes that this decision will pave the way for other institutions of higher learning in the US to take similar stands .
Related Links
Bei Hu
Bloomberg
June 21 , 2008
Gold prices may rise to $ 5,000 an ounce as investors seek to protect themselves against accelerating inflation , said Schroder Investment Management Ltd. , which oversees $ 277 billion of assets globally .
“ You could easily see for the next several years that prices rise not to $ 1,000 an ounce , but prices rise to $ 5,000 an ounce or beyond as inflation psychology becomes more and more embedded and people become desperate to have a source of value , ” said Christopher Wyke , London - based emerging market debt and commodities product manager at Schroder , which oversees about $ 10 billion of commodity assets .
Investors are turning to gold for protection as two - thirds of the world ’s population cope with inflation rates that are climbing to more than 10 percent , Wyke said .
Cash and inflation - linked bonds are poor substitutes as low interest rates , coupled with surging inflation , erode the real value of assets , he said .
Read article
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
THERE IS A FUNDAMENTAL QUESTION that environmentalists are not very good at asking , let alone answering : “ Why is this , the destruction of the natural world , happening ? ”
We ordinarily think of environmentalists as people who care about something called nature or ( if they ’re feeling a little technocratic , and they usually are ) the “ environment . ”
They are concerned , as well they should be , that the lifestyle and economic practices of the industrialized West are not sustainable , and that nature itself may experience a “ system collapse . ”
But as scientifically sophisticated as environmentalism ’s thinking about natural systems can be ( especially its ability to measure change and make predictions about the future based on those measurements ) , its conclusions about human involvement in environmental degradation tend to be very reductive and causal .
Environmentalism ’s analyses tend to be about “ sources . ” Industrial sources .
Nonpoint sources .
Urban sources .
Smokestack sources .
Tailpipe sources .
Even natural sources ( like the soon - to - be - released methane from thawing Arctic tundra ) .
But environmentalism is not very good at asking , “ Okay , but why do we have all of these polluting sources ? ”
Because we have not allowed ourselves to ask this question and instead limited ourselves to haplessly trying to turn off sources , our experience has been like Mickey Mouse ’s in “ The Sorcerer ’s Apprentice ” : for every berserk broomstick that he hacked in half , two more took its place , implacably carrying buckets of water that , one by one , created a universal deluge .
Similarly , for every polluting source that we turn off ( or “ mitigate , ” since we ca n’t seem to really turn off anything ) , another two pop up in its place .
For example , at the very moment that we seem to have become serious about reducing our use of petroleum , here comes coal from the ravaged mountaintops of West Virginia and tar sands from Canada , the dirtiest and most destructive energy sources of them all .
These rounds of mitigation and evasion are what pass for problem - solving .
Environmentalism is also reluctant to think that its problem may not be of modern origin but something as old as humanity itself .
It is committed to a sort of “ presentism ” in which the culprits are all of recent vintage : Monsanto , Big Oil , developers of suburban sprawl , the modern corporation , you know , the usual suspects .
But bad as these things can be ( and that ’s very bad ) , they are not the unique creators of our problems .
And they are not evil , or , as we descendants of the Puritans like to say , “ greedy . ”
Simply blaming these entities for traditional moral failings is not adequate to the true situation .
At most , by doing so we create an environmentalist melodrama of evildoers opposed by forces of good .
( Big Oil versus the Sierra Club . )
After all , is n’t it true that what corporations and the individuals who run them try to do is something very human and very familiar ?
Even admirable ?
They try to be creative ( or innovative , as they like to say ) .
They try to grow .
They revel in discovery .
They delight in complexity .
They have always been major benefactors to education and the arts .
( For instance , the merchant capitalists of the Italian Renaissance were also the facilitators of humanism .
Where the bankers went , the artists were not far behind . )
They try to exercise critical analytic skills in evaluating the world in which they act .
They try to help their friends .
They try to make the people who are most important to them prosper .
They have an astonishing capacity for creative adaptation , even if it is only in the name of preserving their own dominance .
In short , they try to win .
They try to thrive .
We should all be so committed to the risk of “ living large . ”
The problem is not with these qualities as admirable human qualities .
The problem is with what exactly it is that they ’re trying to help thrive .
My claim is that what is behind these activities is not the stereotypical capitalist mentality of cold logic , a lack of normal feelings , and an unbridled appetite for gain .
Rather , I see the Barbaric Heart .
First , it is important to say that in associating capitalism with the barbaric I am not merely name - calling .
This is so because , as I ’ve already suggested , there is something admirable about the astonishingly complex world that capitalism has made .
No amount of human or electronic computation can encompass the complexity of the psychological and material world that market capitalism has brought into being .
What economists call the “ spontaneous order ” of the free market stretches if not infinitely then at least unimaginably .
At one end there is the miracle of digital technology ( are we really supposed to believe that hundreds of hours of music can fit on a device the size of a cigarette pack ? ) .
This digital world gets tinier and more powerful every year , and it is substantially the product of capitalist ingenuity .
I have to admire it even if , as a person who has spent his life among books , I mostly fear and dislike it .
At the other end , there is the continental roaming of shoppers among millions of products that is as vast , in its own way , as the primordial movement of animal herds stretching from horizon to horizon on the Serengeti .
Imagine a satellite image illuminating all the activity at shopping malls in the United States on a typical American Saturday afternoon .
From a vantage in space , it would look like North America was flowing and glowing with strange life .
If you could for a moment exclude the other consequences of this activity ( environmental , social , military ) , you might be tempted to call this vision beautiful .
( As in the ambiguous shots of Los Angeles freeways in the movie Koyaanisqatsi .
The slow , winding flow of headlights comes to look like a natural phenomenon , like watching the northern lights . )
To say that there is something barbaric at work in these accomplishments is to say that there is also something admirable about the Barbaric Heart itself .
The Barbaric Heart is not the opposite of the civilized .
In fact , the Barbaric Heart is civilized , for all the good that does it , and has always happily clad itself in the decorous togas of Rome ( as the Ostrogoth King Theodoric did ) , the pinstripes of Wall Street , and the comfy suburbanity of L. L. Bean .
The Barbaric Heart has always wanted to look nice even when it did n’t ( consider the leisure suit ) .
The barbaric is admirable for its sheer strength , its daring , its energy , and its willingness to take risks .
It is taller than we are .
It is prouder in the way that a beautiful animal is proud .
It is , as Friedrich Nietzsche put it , a “ blonde beast . ”
( He mostly thought that was a good thing , or at least better than being a slave . )
Unhappily , beyond its strength and pride and willingness to take on difficult tasks , there is something dangerous to itself and others in the Barbaric Heart .
The Barbaric Heart is a great and energetic actor , but it is no better at questioning itself about the meaning of its actions than capitalism is at asking why the unlimited growth of the Gross Domestic Product is good .
Capitalism does not ask , “ What ’s the economy for ? ” Capitalism merely asks it to grow .
( It ’s as if the only alternative to “ growth ” was “ recession , ” and no one is allowed to be for that . )
Nonetheless , questions are in order .
The Greek that opens the Gospel according to John reads , “ In the beginning was Logos . ”
What is the logos ( the spirit , the logic ) of the Barbaric Heart ?
In short , in what name does it act ?
THE NATURAL MODE of reasoning for the Barbaric Heart is simple enough to describe .
It was the logic not only of the ancient northern hordes , clothed in animal skins , but of the Roman Empire and the Western civilization that followed as well .
( That must be our first deconstructive insight : the barbarian is not an “ other ” to be driven away in the name of civilized virtue . )
For the Romans , virtue simply meant success , usually military success .
Valor .
That was the heart of Romanitas .
For the Roman forces under Scipio Aemilianus at the end of the Third Punic War against Carthage , the routine was well understood : half of the time would be devoted to violence , to killing every human and dog and cat that crossed their path , and half the time would be given to plunder , to the transfer of every valuable material thing back to Rome , especially gold and silver things .
Roman violence was above all orderly .
As a consequence , as Polybius wrote , Rome “ billowed in booty . ”
This is the barbaric calculation : if you can prosper from violence , then you should go ahead and be violent .
In short order the Barbaric Heart is led to conclude that in fact prosperity is dependent on violence .
Therefore , you should be good at violence , for your own sake and the sake of your country .
That was Roman virtu .
Which is a way of saying that the barbaric itself is a form of virtue , especially if you think that winning , surviving , triumphing , and accumulating great wealth are virtues , just as , in order , athletes , Darwinians , military commanders , and capitalists do .
Ultimately , these types are all the same .
The athlete , the soldier , and the businessman all want to “ win , ” and by whatever means necessary .
Even though the warlike Romans understood every victory as a divine confirmation of their character , virtue in fact has very little to do with what the gods think .
Virtues are specific to cultures .
Barbaric virtues have been challenged by competing ethical organizations like the Stoic virtues of honor , integrity , simplicity , loyalty , and moderation , or the Christian virtues of selflessness , compassion , reverence , humility , faith , and hope .
There have been other articulations of virtue as well .
Humanism and the Enlightenment advocated the virtues of fraternity and equality before the law .
Environmentalism has used all of these articulations at one time or another in its increasingly desperate effort to gain moral traction .
What these forms of virtue have in common is that , unlike the Barbaric Heart , they are concerned with articulating a sense of the whole .
For the Barbaric Heart , on the other hand , there is nothing that is as real as the self - interested Ego , His Majesty the Sovereign Self .
What else could care so blindly about “ winning ” ?
But it also feels , at some dark recess of the heart , how pathetically empty this Self is .
So the Barbaric Heart grasps at things to fill that emptiness .
The histories of ancient warfare always claim that the surest inducement to the warrior to fight was the prospect of being able to cart off the enemy ’s silver and gold ( and women ) .
Plates , jewelry , the objects in temple shrines , precious ornamentation applied to buildings , anything that glittered .
With such a prospect at hand , death meant nothing .
Through the “ right of conquest ” ( the unwritten law of the ancient world that trumped all written laws ) the warrior might at last feel full and real .
He might also participate in glory .
Why , he could even become virtuous in this way ( or , as we still say , a “ hero ” ) .
Ironically , through this logic the Barbaric Heart also committed not only itself but all of the human and natural world to what the Greeks called tragedy .
Tragic fate , for the Greeks , was the understanding that once you put a certain principle in motion , that principle would play itself out .
Completely out .
And so , as in Aeschylus ’s tragedies , humans pursue what they perceive to be their own interest only to become “ the slave of their own destruction , ” an apt expression of our current situation on multiple fronts , economic , military , and environmental .
What is tragic is that the bloody end , “ the great wound swimming upwards ” like a shark ( Aeschylus again ) , is unintended but no less inevitable for that .
We do n’t intend that the pursuit of personal wealth should lead to the bankruptcy of an entire nation , but bankrupt we are .
We do n’t intend that our strategic military actions should lead to an endless and uncontrollable spiraling of violence , but it does .
We do n’t intend that the pursuit of our happiness should lead to the extinction of animals , desertification , drought , famine , mass human migration , violent storms , but all that is presently “ swimming upwards ” regardless of what we intend .
THERE ARE TWO THINGS that the Barbaric Heart , for all its brutal blond beauty , does n’t get .
First , it does n’t look at itself .
It is frustrated by questions like “ What makes life worth living ? ”
Or it assumes that the answer is obvious : “ Winning !
Of course . ”
It does n’t even wonder what its relation to other barbarians might be .
It does n’t know about solidarity beyond a blind submission to the tribe ( the ancient form of that perverse form of loyalty we call patriotism ) .
But it has very little understanding of why self - interest should be sacrificed to a universal good , whatever that is .
Second , the Barbaric Heart does n’t understand , except at the very last moment of anguished recognition , how suicidal its activities are .
Edward Gibbon ’s
The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire is full of descriptions of the awful moment of animal awareness when the barbarian realizes that he has gone , once again , too far and brought about his own destruction .
For example , after the disastrous battle of Hadrianople in 378 AD at which two thirds of the Emperor Valens ’s Roman army was wiped out in its own moment of barbaric folly , the Gothic armies were , as usual , unrestrained , abandoned to passions , and generally given over to what Gibbon called “ blind and irregular fury . ”
Their “ mischievous disposition ” consumed with “ improvident rage ” the crops and the possessions of the local inhabitants .
Eventually , an army of the Goths was surprised by the remaining Romans while “ immersed in wine and sleep , ” and there followed in turn a “ cruel slaughter of the astonished Goths . ”
Thus , the anguish of the Barbaric Heart .
Is it too much to say that , a little more than a millennium and a half later , you could see the same surprise and anguish on the faces of the managers of international investment securities as the housing bubble burst and lenders , insurers , bond markets , and hedge funds all came close to evaporating as billions upon billions of dollars disappeared virtually overnight ?
All around them are the homeowners in foreclosure , just like the peasant villagers in 378 looking at the smoking ruins of their little homes .
THE BARBARIC HEART is a pure emptiness , an emptiness that does n’t know itself as empty .
It is an emptiness that has turned upon itself .
It is a mouth that chews .
It is a permanent state of war against all others but also , most profoundly , against itself .
One part violence , one part plunder , and eventual anguish and regret .
The Barbaric Heart cannot be punished for its excesses .
It can not be “ shown the light of day . ”
The proposals of the environmental community for better systems of transportation , cleaner smokestacks , purer foods , and jail time for corporate polluters — none of that changes the Barbaric Heart .
If it is frustrated by the activities of others ( those troublesome tree - huggers ) , it simply concludes that it will be more cunning and violent next time .
As Nicholson Baker reports in his controversial book Human Smoke , in May of 1941 Lord Boom Trenchard considered the ineffectiveness of a year of daily bombing of the cities of Germany .
What next ?
“ Trenchard ’s answer was : more .
More bombing .
Relentless nightly bombing — heavier bombers , more bombers . ”
If the Barbaric Heart can not be shown the errors of its ways , or even simply learn from its own tragic mistakes , then it must be displaced .
That is , we should not seek to alter what the Barbaric Heart desires , for what it desires is what we desire : to be secure from outside threat , to protect its people ( whether a tribe or a ruling class of elites ) , to thrive , to take pleasure in its world , etc .
What we can do is make it seek by a new route what it constantly , unalterably seeks .
What displaces the Barbaric Heart in this way is what I will call , for lack of a better term , thoughtfulness .
( This is an inexact term , I know , but it has always been to the idea of “ thinking ” that philosophy has turned to confront the self - interest and violence of the barbaric .
Thoughtfulness offers the Barbaric a better way to think about what it means to thrive . )
In our current circumstances , thoughtfulness ’s first task is the acknowledgment that we have been lying to ourselves .
Just about every aspect of what we happily call American culture is a form of lie that we retell ourselves every day .
The great virtue of Allen Ginsberg ’s poem Howl , for example , was its determination not to believe the lies of violence and avarice any longer .
Its prophetic howl erupted from a culture of mere consent .
The poem introduced an internal realignment of American culture accomplished through what we now refer to as the counterculture of the 1960s .
The Barbaric Heart for a time stood naked and exposed in its deceitfulness and violence .
It was a “ bright shining lie , ” in Neil Sheehan ’s phrase .
For a moment , the usual logical appeals of economists and politicians for the necessity of violence and the supremacy of efficiency and profit were found to be not only insufficient but morally repugnant .
In the end , the one important task of thoughtfulness is to invent a spiritual principle , a logos of its own , that can contest the energies ( and tyrannies ) of the Barbaric Heart .
But thoughtfulness ’s primary attribute is not its ability to provide a superior Truth or an irrefutable logic .
Thoughtfulness ’s primary attribute is aesthetic .
That is , what thoughtfulness proposes as an alternative to the self - serving violence of the Barbaric is beauty .
“ Do n’t think profit , ” it argues , “ think beauty .
The beauty of the polis , the beauty of culture , the beauty of human beings freed from the slavery of regimented work , and the beauty of an untrammeled natural world . ”
Through the aesthetic , thoughtfulness seeks Homo humanus as opposed to Homo barbarus .
It seeks a culture in which humans can become what they really are .
Not slaves , and not instruments of violence , but beings intent upon the beautiful as a social principle .
That ’s the logos of our better selves .
And yet we seem reluctant to claim it .
The idea that we are trying to create a culture whose primary satisfaction is its beauty is not really such an extravagant thought .
When we say that we desire a world in which nature is intact and animal life thrives ; when we say that we desire human communities in harmony with nature ; and when we say that within those communities human beings should be able to live in dignity , so that they can be something more than worker - consumers , we are arguing for a reality that is first aesthetic .
Environmentalists argue for such a reality all the time .
It is what they propose in the place of a barbaric culture of profit and violence .
Even so , we are often seduced by the economic and scientific appeals to efficiency , sustainability , and prosperity , in spite of the fact that we suspect that these appeals are actually part of the problem .
But in our heart of hearts we are not fooled .
What we want is the beautiful .
We say it with a smile on our faces when we go for a hike , or when we visit an “ eco- friendly ” town full of bike paths and locally owned shops with a mountain vista in the background .
We do not say of such places , “ I ’m grooving on this system ’s ecological balance . ”
Or , “ The Green Economy is working well . ”
We say , “ It ’s beautiful here ! ”
And yet when we set out to make our most public arguments for nature , we seem almost embarrassed to say that what convinces us is the argument of the beautiful .
The thoughtfulness of the beautiful .
In fact , I ’m embarrassed right now !
What is it that makes such an argument so difficult to make ?
If what we want is the beautiful , why do we feel that our most persuasive arguments will be made by scientists , environmental engineers , regional planners , and sustainability economists ?
In part , it is the fact that we have been intimidated by all those who would say that such thinking is “ unrealistic , ” by which they really mean “ does not concede the brutal fact of the enduring triumph of the Barbaric Heart . ”
By this measure , to be realistic is to say , “ We plan to win by conceding the game to our adversaries before the contest has even begun . ”
Second perhaps only to toxic landscapes , the most thoroughly degraded aspect of our culture is its art .
This is so obvious that it hardly needs comment .
One has simply to say “ television . ”
Nevertheless , it is art , or the aesthetic , that prohibits the temptation to mourn the death of the world we were born into .
Art is not a call to passive contemplation ( a trip to the museum ) but to the activity of human creation .
It is this that should replace Adam Smith ’s famous “ division of labor , ” the work that promises only tedium and despair and passivity in the face of destruction .
Environmentalism should be about a return to the aesthetic , and I do n’t mean the beauties of a mountain vista .
I mean a resistance to the Barbaric Heart through a daily insistence on the Beautiful within individual lives , within communities , and in our relation to the natural world .
IN VIRGIL ’S AENEID , when Aeneas and the faithful Trojan remnant sail from Troy for the shores of Italy , they , in a sense , never leave Troy .
They are never not Trojans because they take with them their “ household gods , ” those figures and myths that provide them with identity .
And when they land in Latium and begin to set up a new home , they do not feel themselves on strange shores .
They are always at home .
They bring the fullness of the past to meet the fullness of the present in productive beauty .
By contrast , we ’re not even at home at home .
We ’re strangers on our own shores , thanks to the way in which corporations and their franchises have colonized our cities and towns , turning them into one big McSame .
Historians often wonder what it was like for the Romans to live under the rule of the Goths in the sixth century .
Barbarians in the Senate , barbarians in the market , barbarians in the temple , barbarians in the countryside .
The constant presence of the violently alien .
Well , perhaps it was like living with Best Buy and Costco and Barnes and Noble , in our Big Box world .
In both the ancient world and the present , it is like living , in Nietzsche ’s mordant phrase , “ estranged from house and home in the service of malignant dwarfs . ”
But somehow when we look on the ugliness that this reality brings , we see a “ high standard of living . ”
Those enchanted by the malignant dwarfs ( CEOs ? MBAs ? ) do not think to ask , “ What makes life worth living ? ”
The answer is obvious : “ The high standards , of course ! ” A very strange conclusion for a people who are the living witnesses of so much permanent destruction .
All of this is a roundabout way of saying that there is no need for environmentalism .
Environmentalism has no victories to win .
The very notion of environmentalism is not much more than a way of isolating a problem from its true context .
The crisis of a degraded natural world is a part of the larger problem of the crisis of thought , the crisis of faith , and the crisis of the relation of human beings to Being ( or God , if you prefer ) .
What is called for is the discovery or invention of our own “ household gods ” that might speak powerfully to us .
“ Gods ” that will keep us in touch with a sense of the depth of our own past and call us creatively to what we might call our primordial aesthetic passion : our deep desire to be the creators of our own world .
We ought to discover that there is something superior to the Barbaric Heart , a Universal that is not only Nature but human capacity and creativity as well .
We ought to discover that we are a part of this One , an animal among animals .
Ours should be a Dionysian world that refuses the cold comfort of both the capitalist manager and the ecologist technician .
The Dionysian does not so much refuse these worlds as laugh in dismissal .
Its world is indulgent and ecstatic and curiously impersonal .
It is not an animal lover ; it is simply happy among animals .
It is not a nature lover ; it is nature .
It does n’t pity the plight of the polar bear ; it romps in the snow .
It is a thoughtful and beautiful animal , but it is an animal .
The Dionysian fucks , eats , looks for the ecstasy of transcendence , and worships the same gods that the animals worship .
Not the God that gives laws , but the gods that encourage living things to thrive .
We are that strange and wonderful animal that has the metaphysical comfort of knowing that she is part of the tragic chorus of natural beings .
We are members of that faith that knows that life is indestructibly powerful and pleasurable .
And the mark that we will leave upon the world will not be the mark of brute force clothed in the false virtues of the barbarian but the mark of the ultimate realist , he who makes his own world , demanding the impossible and calling it Beautiful .
This article , along with other landmark Orion essays about transformative action , are collected in a new anthology , Change Everything Now .
Order your copy here .
Screen grab from animation
about bikes , stop signs , and the
Idaho Stop Law by Spencer
Boomhower .
Watch it below .
Lots of stop sign news at BikePortland headquarters today .
I spent my morning out at SE Water and Caruthers where city crews recently removed two stop signs that were deemed unnecessary , I just got off the phone with Traffic Division Lieutenant Bryan Parman about an “ enforcement mission ” ( a.k.a. sting ) at a stop sign on SE Clinton this morning , and I have been planning an update on the BTA ’s Idaho Stop legislation .
Story continues below
advertisement
Before I get to all those stories , I wanted to share an very cool animation created by Portlander Spencer Boomhower ( you might remember him from an article he wrote for BikePortland last month ) .
When he ’s not thinking or writing about bikes , Spencer is a freelance computer graphics artist .
He masterfully put those skills to use in a video he titled , Bicycles , Rolling Stops , and the Idaho Stop .
Watch it below :
Spencer says he hopes the video makes its way to legislators in Salem who are still pondering the Idaho Stop Law .
… speaking of which … stay tuned for updates on that and all your local stop sign news …
Front Page , News
idaho stop law
By Bernard Weiner , The Crisis Papers
Reading Barton Gellman 's " Angler : The Cheney Vice Presidency " ( Penguin Press , 2008 ) is yet another reminder that all too often those who were right early on about the massive dangers facing American society under the CheneyBush Administration were ignored , marginalized , reviled , often punished .
There were scores of us in the media , most on the internet but a healthy handful inside corporate mainstream journalism , who from the very beginning were warning of a power - hungry Administration out of control , with terrible consequences to our foreign / military policy and to the integrity of the Constitution .
( See this one , for example , from December 2001 . ) ( www.commondreams.org/views01/1205-06.htm )
Eight long years were lost to this catastrophically wrong turn in American politics , while the corporate mass - media in the main served as an effective lapdog for the neo-conservative madness .
But Bart Gellman 's voluminously - researched volume , along with recent revelations by Obama 's Department of Justice about the run-amok legal philosophy in the Bush White House , ( www.truthout.org/030409A ) has demonstrated the incontravertible truth that no longer can be ignored :
The United States came justthisclose to an irreversible militarist coup , and leading the charge at every step of the way was Dick Cheney .
I think virtually everyone outside the 30 % GOP base , at least by 2006 or so , sensed there was something deeply wrong with the guy and / or in how he operated .
Gellman , who ( along with Washington Post co-writer Jo Becker ) won a Pulitzer Prize for this reporting , nails it .
In so doing , he provides an object lesson for how Obama and future presidents might want to treat the Constitution , the separation - of - powers tradition , the rule of law , transparency in governing , etc .
If you have n't read " Angler , " do so :
It 's extraordinary history and a great read .
But be prepared : Cheney 's actions are worse , more wide - ranging and more scary that you might even have imagined .
THE SEARCH FOR HIMSELF
It seemed fairly clear how much of an influence Cheney had on Bush , especially , say , in the first five or six years .
Bush was not prepared , informed , curious , sufficiently intelligent , and , since politics like nature abhors vacuums , Cheney flowed into all the holes .
He had appointed himself Vice President precisely to fill that role .
How Cheney maneuvered himself into the # 2 job is deliciously told by Gellman .
Cheney in effect organized " a nationwide search for himself , " and made sure that neither his medical records nor his policies and connections would ever be vetted , by anyone .
Cheney , after his decades in the federal structure , knew the byways and little - known corridors to information and power , and used all that knowledge and collected on favors - owed .
He also placed cohorts in key positions of power around the capitol , from Cabinet members to sub-Cabinet and even middle - grade officials .
Cheney , in charge of appointments , believing that " personnel was policy , " installed his guys into these linchpin positions and began to manipulate the levers of power .
The result was that Cheney , in effect , was running his own government within the government .
Sometimes , he kept Bush informed , but often he withheld key information from his boss , and moved the chess pieces himself , sometimes with disastrous results .
( For some major such withholdings , see what Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist Ron Suskind reported in his book " The One Percent Solution . " )
( www.crisispapers.org/essays7w/shadow.htm )
The Vice President 's two chief lieutenants , Scooter Libby and David Addington , provided the enforcing muscle and the cut-outs to keep Cheney 's fingerprints off the various controversial policies being enacted and promulgated .
( No wonder Cheney was so upset that Bush in his final days would not grant a full pardon to Libby for taking the fall for him in the spy - outing case of CIA agent Valerie Plame . )
THE INTIMIDATOR
Nothing escaped Cheney 's notice .
One of his underlings said that Cheney held the view that " everything should run through his office . "
While all power would appear to flow from the Chief Executive / Commander in Chief , Cheney would exercise a good share of that power , if not most , in the areas that counted : war and peace , the economy , natural resources , homeland security , appointments , intelligence , negotiations with Congress -- in short , the brief of a President .
Cheney even made sure to review the daily CIA briefing that Bush would receive later each morning ; in the interim , Cheney did his homework , contacted folks in high place , and was thus armed with arguments in case Bush was leaning the " wrong " way on something raised by the briefing .
Cheney was the true eminence grise who exercised power from behind the throne .
He may not have had ambition for higher office , but he certainly had an agenda for the accretion of power , and he knew this was probably his last chance to exercise that power ; no wonder he did n't give a flying fig for what anyone else thought , not the least the public .
He was quite aware that as the elected V.P. , he could not be fired , and that the Democrats were too wimpy to even consider taking him on .
Cheney was so all - powerful and intimidtating that mere mention that he was interested in a topic could freeze bureaucrats , even Cabinet officers , in their tracks , and policies often changed -- or else .
Cheney managed it , writes Gellman , so that he got " three bites at the apple " on every decision .
He intervened early with any topic of his choosing , got the base information and understood the key decisions being considered long before others even knew what was going on , plus he had the final input to the President , should that be necessary .
Sometimes , since he had kept Bush more or less in the dark on a topic , what Cheney spoon - fed him late was enough to get Bush on board .
" By the time Cheney had Bush 's ear , " writes Gellman , " he was intimately familiar with opposing views , " and dispensed with them easily .
In the end , Bush thought he had made the decision , but , of course , it was really Cheney .
" In public , " writes Gellman , " Cheney took Bush 's lead , adopting the language of unity .
But even as he spoke the words , he repositioned their meaning .
...
There would be many reasons for Cheney 's dominance in the Bush Administration , some of them subtle .
One was as simple as could be .
The vice president knew what he wanted .
...
Cheney spotted strategic ground , and there he marched . "
In short , in those first five or six years , Cheney rarely lost a battle , always managing to turn the policy in the direction he sought .
THE ACCRETION OF POWER
During this period , Cheney was the person to go to to get things done , not Bush .
Said HardRight Senator Phil Gramm : " Dick could make a deal .
He did n't have to check with the President , not as far as I could tell .
I 'm sure at the end of the day , he would fill the president in on what had happened .
But Dick had the agency of the president . "
Cheney , Gellman notes , often operated by practicing the art of UNODIR ( military shorthand for " unless otherwise directed " ) ; in other words , unless Bush himself raised an issue and explicitly told him not to do something , Cheney went full speed ahead on his own authority and did it .
And , given his intimidating nature , he got away with it .
Cheney 's over - arching goal , writes Gellman , " was enlargement of presidential authority , " which , not incidentally , would provide Cheney himself with the same authority .
The neo-con " unitary executive " principle of governance meant that the president 's inherent functions -- command of the Army and Navy , direction of the cabinet , execution of the law -- were " beyond the reach , in principle , of legislative or judicial review . "
Cheney claimed that the commander in chief " may refuse to disclose his acts in office or disregard a law once it has passed " ( the many hundreds of so - called " signing statements " Bush promulgated ) .
The president could also rule by fiat , so to speak , through " executive orders " and " executive regulations . "
Add all this up and you can see what the country endured for the past six to eight years : bluntly , something mighty close to a dictatorship .
As long as the public did n't find out what the president and his officers ( especially Cheney ) were doing , there would be no problem .
On rare occasions , a governmental official did raise objections .
Comptroller General David Walker .
for example , said that Cheney 's unitary - executive theory " seeks to work a revolution in separation of powers principles , one that would drastically interfere with Congress 's essential power to oversee the activities of the executive branch ... [ Cheney 's argument ] would create a new and unbounded immunity from oversight based on constitutional provisions that have never before been invoked in an inter - branch dispute over documents .
Indeed , [ under Cheney 's conception ] of our ' government of separated powers ' ... no such disputes could ever again reach the courts . "
But , because matters do on occasion leak in Washington , Cheney was a secrecy fanatic , be it on the makeup of his energy panel or on anything else .
He " favored stealth , in part , because it gave him practical advantages in getting his way . "
On matters he cared most strongly about -- such as oil and gas , deflecting global warming initiatives , domestic spying -- " he brooked little compromise . "
On those rare occasions when the Supreme Court shot down the overarching assertion of total authority lodged in the executive , Cheney made sure to find a way to delay implementation and , in the interim , to find a work - around that would get the administration to the same goal but via a different route .
MONUMENTALLY STUBBORN & WRONG
It was n't just that Cheney , on these and other matters , was stubborn and locked into rigid ideological frameworks that did n't accord with reality .
What 's of even more import is that time and time again , Cheney was devastatingly wrong .
Gellman includes illuminating chapters in the second half of the book on Cheney and 9/11 , Cheney and Iraq , Cheney and global warming , Cheney and torture , Cheney and domestic spying , etc .
He got them all wrong and by so doing did gross and impeachable violation to the country and Constitution .
Things got extra heavy in some of those areas when Cheney began meddling with the all - important White House Office of Legal Counsel at the same time as Rumsfeld was carving out extra-constitutional powers for the armed forces .
Cheney made sure Bush 's lightweight consiglieri Alberto Gonzales did n't get the OLC post ; instead , Cheney eased in a trusted aide , Tim Flanigan .
With Flanigan in the White House under the influence of Cheney and David Addington , and John Yoo and his colleagues tearing up the Constitution at the Pentagon under the influence of Rumsfeld , there was no real countervailing power in the Administration 's legal departments to stop the reckless policies on torture , violation of habeas corpus , extraordinary rendition and so on .
Often Condoleezza Rice , Colin Powell , Andy Card and even George W. Bush were frozen out of the informational loop .
One of Yoo 's earliest memos asserted in the most expansive terms that the commander in chief need take no account of restrictions set by the co-equal legislative and judicial branches .
No law , Yoo wrote , " can place any limits on the President 's determinations as to any terrorist threat , the amount of military force to be used in response , or the method , timing , and nature of the response .
These decisions , under our Constitution , are for the President alone to make . "
Yoo , writes Gellman , went on to claim without limitation that the President " could disregard laws and treaties prohibiting torture , war crimes , warrantless eavesdropping , and confinement without hearing .
The breadth of the language was stunning . "
And , of course , to return to one of Cheney 's bugaboos , everything decided in this manner was classified and secret .
" The new legal framework was meant to be invisible , unreviewable -- its very existence unknown by legislative or judicial actors who might push back . "
THE HOSPITAL CONFRONTATION
As to surveillance inside the U.S. , even though the law clearly states that all such must be run through the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , under Cheney the Administration " would not tell the FISA court .
They would not seek legislation .
They would rely on the president 's asserted authority as commander in chief to defy explicit prohibitions of law . "
And off went the Administration with its " drift net " data - mining programs , " sweeping in emails , faxes , and telephone calls made by its own citizens , in their own country . "
Bush verified that Cheney " has the portolio for intelligence activities . "
Perhaps the dramatic highlight of " Angler , " aside from Cheney 's deceitful machinations getting the U.S. into the war in Iraq , is the chapter devoted to the infamous hospital scene with then - Attorney General John Ashcroft , when Gonzales and Card attempted to convince the groggy , post - operative Ashcroft to sign an extension of a domestic - spying program that the Justice Department had concluded was illegal .
This hospital scene was high drama , with armed FBI agents , White House heavies , DoJ officials converging on the hospital with sirens blaring , an ailing AG , Ashcroft 's wife spitting her rage at Card and Gonzales .
I can't wait to see the movie version .
CHENEY LOSES TOTAL CONTROL
After the 2006 midterm elections , when the American people had seen enough and booted the Republicans out of the majority in the House and Senate , Cheney and Addington and Rove were inclined to continue on as before , rolling the CheneyBush juggernaut over the political landscape as if nothing had changed .
Addington described the technique as : " We 're going to push and push and push until some larger force makes us stop . "
But the political realities had shifted .
Cheney 's star was beginning to wane .
Perhaps the beginning of that fall from unquestioned power came in mid-2005 when , at the height of the bloody civil war of the insurgency in Iraq , Cheney went on TV and said of the rebels : " I think they 're in the last throes , if you will , of the insurgency . "
Gellman notes that jaws dropped all over Baghdad and Washington .
People wondered " how a man so smart could manage to be , as one of his top aides put it privately , so ' consistently wrong , unyielding and unbending on Iraq ' . "
A key White House insider summed up the more general problem by saying that " the failing of this administration , because of a fear of admitting error , has been an unwillingness to evolve . "
In 2006 , the U.S. Supreme Court put another nail in Cheney 's political coffin , by ruling that the legislature and judiciary could limit the president 's exercise of inherent war power .
" This was the Supreme Court 's third and most important rebuff to his claim of unchecked authority for the commander in chief . "
Cheney and Addington tried to fight their way through the diminution of the vice president 's power , but the die was cast .
New , more realistic , less ideologically - blinded advisers and staffers were added to the White House .
Rumsfeld was long gone , Rove was headed for the door , Libby was a convicted felon , only Cheney hung in until the new administration took over .
Toward the end , Cheney had an 13 % approval rating . #
Bernard Weiner , Ph.D. , has taught government & international relations in universities in California and Washinton , worked as a writer / editor with the San Francisco Chronicle for two decades , and currently serves as co-editor of The Crisis Papers ( www.crisispapers.org).
To comment :
.
First published by The Crisis Papers and Democratic Underground 3/10/09 .
www.crisispapers.org/essays9w/angler.htm
Copyright 2009 by Bernard Weiner .
_______
Bernie Weiner happily re-upping .
About author Bernard Weiner , a poet - playwright , worked as a writer / editor with the San Francisco Chronicle , has taught government & international relations at various universities , and currently co-edits The Crisis Papers ( Bernard Weiner , a poet - playwright , worked as a writer / editor with the San Francisco Chronicle , has taught government & international relations at various universities , and currently co-edits The Crisis Papers ( www.crisispapers.org ) .
For comment : crisispapers@comcast.net
In Werewolf : The Apocalypse , you play as the Garou , a creature of flesh and spirit , blessed and cursed with primal rage .
Born to fight and die in a desperate war to protect Gaia - - the very living earth -- you engage in an unequal battle against the greed and power - hunger of human civilization that has trapped the world in a choking web of technology and corruption .
Learn more >>
This week Facebook will complete its roll - out of a new photo storage system designed to reduce the social network ’s reliance on expensive proprietary solutions from NetApp and Akamai .
The new large blob storage system , named Haystack , is a custom - built file system solution for the over 850 million photo s uploaded to the site each month ( 500 GB per day ! ) .
Jason Sobel , a former NetApp engineer , led Facebook ‘s effort to design a more cost - effective and high - performance storage system for their unique needs .
Robert Johnson , Facebook ‘s Director of Engineering , mentioned the new storage system rollout in a Computerworld interview last week .
Most of what we know about Haystack comes from a Stanford ACM presentation by Jason Sobel in June 2008 .
Haystack will allow Facebook to operate its massive photo archive from commodity hardware while reducing its dependence on CDN s in the United States .
The old Facebook system
Facebook has two main types of photo storage : profile photo s and photo libraries .
Members upload photo s to Facebook and treat the transaction as digital archive with very few deletions and intermittent reads .
Profile photo s are a per-member representation stored in multiple viewing sizes ( 150 px , 75 px , etc ) .
The past Facebook system relied heavily on CDN s from Akamai and Limelight to protect its origin servers from a barrage of expensive requests and improve latency .
Facebook profile photo access is accelerated by Cachr , an image server powered by evhttp with a memcached backing store .
Cachr protects the file system from new requests for heavily - accessed files .
The old photo storage system relied on a file handle cache placed in front of NetApp to quickly translate file name requests into a inode mapping .
When a Facebook member deletes a photo its index entry is removed but the file still exists within the backing file system .
Facebook photo s’ file handling cache is powered by lighttpd with a memcache storage layer to reduce load on the NetApp filers .
No need for POSIX
Facebook photo graphs are viewable by anyone in the world aware of the full asset URL .
Each URL contains a profile ID , photo asset ID , requested size , and a magic hash to protect against brute - force access attempts .
/ [ pvid ] _ [ key ] _ [ magic ] _ [ size ] .jpg
Traditional file systems are governed by the POSIX standard governing metadata and access methods for each file .
These file systems are designed for access control and accountability within a shared system .
An Internet storage system written once and never deleted , with access granted to the world , has little need for such overhead .
A POSIX - compliant node must specifically contain :
File length
Device ID
Storage block pointers
File owner
Group owner
Access rights on each assignment : read , write execute
Change time
Modification time
Last access time
Reference counts
Only the top three POSIX requirements matter to a file system such as Facebook .
Its servers care where the file is located and its total length but have little concern for file system owners , access rights , timestamps , or the possibility of linked references .
The additional overhead of POSIX - compliant metadata storage and lookup on NetApp Filers led to 3 disk I /O operations for each photo read .
Facebook simply needs a fast blob store but was stuck inside a file system .
Haystack file storage
Haystack stores photo data inside 10 GB bucket with 1 MB of metadata for every GB stored .
Metadata is guaranteed to be memory - resident , leading to only one disk seek for each photo .
Haystack servers are built from commodity servers and disks assembled by Facebook to reduce costs associated with proprietary systems .
The Haystack index stores metadata about the one needle it needs to find within the Haystack .
Incoming requests for a given photo asset are interpreted as before , but now contain a direct reference to the storage offset containing the appropriate data .
Cachr remains a first line - of - defense to Haystack lookups , quickly processing requests and loading images from memcached where appropriate .
Haystack provides a fast and reliable file backing for these specialized requests .
Reduced CDN costs
The high performance of Haystack combined with new data center presence on the east and west coasts of the United States reduces Facebook ’s reliance on costly CDNs .
Facebook does not currently have the points of presence to match a specialist such as Akamai , but the combined latency of speed of light plus file access should be performant enough to reduce CDN in areas where Facebook already has existing data center assets .
Facebook can partner with specialized CDN operators in markets such as Asia where it has no foreseeable physical presence to boost its access times for Asian market files .
Summary
Facebook has invested in its own large blob storage solution to replace expensive proprietary offerings from NetApp and others .
The new server structure should reduce Facebook ’s total cost per photo for both storage and delivery moving forward .
Big companies do n’t always listen to the growing needs of application specialists such as Facebook .
Yet you can always hire away their engineering talent to build you a new custom solution in - house , which is what Facebook has done .
Facebook has hinted at releasing more details about Haystack later this month , which may include an open - source roadmap .
The New York designer Katie Gallagher presented a quite distinctive futuristic collection of nude corsets in the form of chest exoskeletons , corsages made with spandex and elastic bands , which keep the impermeable fabric of the designs in tension .
With those extraordinary works , created in a manner peculiar to Gareth Pugh and Yohji Yamamoto , the designer is trying to express his vision of solitary coldness of sexuality and daring nakedness .
Source of the images : katiegallagher.com .
Von Hagens has defended his piece , insisting it is not intended to be sexually stimulating and the models gave their consent to the pose .
But this is not the first time he has provoked controversy .
In 2002 he went ahead with the first public autopsy in 170 years in Britain , despite concerns that he could be arrested .
Concept motorcycles – we love them .
The fevered imaginings of some raving lunatic who spends his entire life locked away in the product development department of a motorcycle factory , and get lets out once a decade to share the fruits of his labours with the rest of the world .
Most of the loopy machines they come up with never even make it past the initial sketches , but just occasionally the manufacturers decide to build a one - off prototype of some ridiculous bike to show the world what kind of awesomeness we could enjoy if it was n’t for stupid things like practicality , economy and safety forcing them to stick with more conservative designs .
Here are ten examples of our favourite concept bikes , all of them as awesome as they are insane – which is pretty much the essence of what motorbikes are all about , if you ask us .
BRV EMBRIO Concept unicycle
BRV EMBRIO
This futuristic motor - unicycle is a concept bike from Bombardier Recreational Vehicles .
It ’s electrically powered using hydrogen fuel cells , and keeps its balance with gyroscopes like a Segway – although it leans into corners like a conventional motorcycle .
Suzuki G Strider
Suzuki G- Strider
This concept bike was unveiled to the world back in 2003 , and still looks pretty awesome today .
Although the bike was never put into production in this form , any visitor to Japan will notice a lot of similarly styled super - scooters on the roads , so it clearly had a strong influence on the country ’s motorcycle designers .
Suzuki Biplane
Suzuki Biplane
Another belter from Suzuki .
This brutal looking cruiser may have the turning circle of an oil tanker , but who needs to go round corners when you look this awesome ?
Indian Motorcycle Speed Racer
Indian Speed Racer
This is about as ‘ concept ’ as concept motorcycles get – its outlandish styling ( by designer Dan Bailey , for the Indian Motorcycle company ) takes cues from the Alien films , and while it may look amazing , there are few clues as to how the rider actually sits on the bike ( where are the footpegs ? ) never mind control the thing .
Ram1000
RAM1000
This nuts concept bike looks more like a buffalo than a motorcycle , and the vertical handlebars are barking mad , but it does look like a lot of fun to ride .
Shame it never got built – the idea came from Finnish design student , Heikki Naulapää , who chose to brand it as an Aprilia ( it certainly does look like the kind of thing they might do ) .
Confederate Wraith
Confederate Wraith
This might look like an insane , drug induced steampunk hallucination , but unlike most of the motorcycles on this page , there ’s an outside chance that you could actually own and ride one of these machines .
Yup , give the Confederate Motor Company a call , and if you ’ve got enough cash they ’ll probably build you a road legal Wraith of your own – just do n’t expect it to be cheap .
Norton M28
Norton M28
This project by design student Arron Rogers takes a lot of inspiration from the classic British manufacturer ’s cafe - racer heritage .
Victory Vision 800
Victory Vision 800
Half motorcycle , half locomotive train , the Victory Vision 800 looks like the kind of bike you could go ram- raiding on .
Monotracer
Monotracer
Another machine that looks like it should have stayed in the concept phase , but is actually a ( very expensive ) production motorcycle .
You can buy one of these bubble - rocket things from Swiss company Peraves .
Jaguar Concept Motorcycle
Jaguar Concept
No .
Just no .
Stick to making cars , please , Jaguar .
Windows Vista & Windows Server 2008 Service Pack 2 FAQs
This article provides some answers to common questions about Service Pack 2 for Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 .
Do note that this is based on the Release Candidate ( RC ) .
There may be some changes to the final release to manufacturing ( RTM ) version .
However , the changes are likely to be minor in nature
As usual , we will update this article as and when we receive them , so check back often !
Here are our other scoops on Microsoft :
If you have a scoop you want to share with us , just contact us !
It does n't have to be Microsoft - related .
It can be anything in the tech industry , from mobile phones to P2P software .
Just drop us a line !
General FAQs
What is the language release schedule plan for SP2 ?
Microsoft will be releasing five languages ( English , German , Spanish , French , and Japanese ) in the first release and an additional 31 languages together in a second wave sometime after the first release .
Please see this article for more details .
When did you release Service Pack 1 for Windows Server 2008 ?
Why is this there a second service pack for Server 2008 which had no SP1 ?
Server08 released with the Service Pack 1 code included , and was marketed as Server08 with SP1 already included .
SP2 is the first post - release Service Pack for Server 2008 .
Are there any prerequisites for SP2 ?
You must have Windows Vista with SP1 or Windows Server 2008 with SP1 installed on your PC before installing Service Pack 2 .
If you choose to install SP2 over Windows Update there will be one pre-required package to install , Servicing Stack Update ( KB955430 ) , before Windows Update offers you SP2 .
The Servicing stack is the component that handles installation and removal of software updates , language packs , and optional windows features .
This update is necessary to successfully install and uninstall the service pack ; it also improves the performance and reliability of the service pack installation .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Do you live in the San Francisco Bay Area ?
If so , you might want to jump on the opportunity to get one of 50 Alpha invites to Waze ( www.Waze.com) – a pretty cool Android Application concept that is about to launch private alpha .
Here is how Daniel Feldman , a member of the Waze team , explained the app :
Waze is aiming to create the first user generated live driving map through the use of Smartphones .
Our goal is to empower drivers to create , share and use real - time information ( such as Traffic updates or road accidents ) straight from their Smartphones .
This has been both very popular and efficient in Israel , where we first began .
Waze is currently seeking 100 alpha users in the Bay Area who ’ll be the first users to participate in building this exciting project .
Lets start out with the cosmetics , I love the name “ Waze ” .
Short , sweet and brandable while conveying exactly what the application is / does .
Based on the top picture , it looks like Waze users are rewarded for reporting accidents , traffic jams and other vehicular time - killers through use of the application .
And in the general use of the application , you can see problem areas along your route and confirm / deny their accuracy .
A great idea in concept … and it is a concept we ’ve heard before .
I can see a few potential problems with this application , but that is exactly why you identify apps as being in Alpha / Beta .
I ’m hopeful that the application will be helpful right off the bat , but I ’d be lying if I said critical mass was n’t needed for an app like this to earn max value and popularity .
Hopefully Phandroid readers can help with that .
So keeping in mind my understanding that the app is in Alpha , here are my concerns :
User Interface
The first screenshot seems pretty busy and if those little icons look itty bitty on a blown up pic , I can only guess the app will be a bit crammed in actuality .
Stripped down .
Simple .
Intuitive .
That is what people want – something that works .
A lot of time all the bells and whistles only drag things down .
The app should allow you to see accidents / traffic and report accidents / traffic … keep it simple .
Reporting Accidents
I really really hope that you do n’t have the ability to take a picture of the accident scene as the second picture makes it seem .
That will only increase rubberneckers , increase traffic and cause even more traffic .
If anything , you should be able to select what type of accident it is with a list of already identified scenarios … bumper to bumper , car fire , overturned car , etc … it WOULD be interesting for people to see pics of the accident and I ’m sure they could tie this into their website by providing a stream of live accident coverage .
But that is stooping a little low if you ask me .
Less informative and more for entertainment .
Again , keep it simple .
Reward System
There appears to be a point system of sorts for accurately reporting accidents and other incidents .
This is a great idea in theory , but how it is employed will make a big difference .
Do users “ get ” anything beyond a pat on the back ?
While it is “ cool ” to have a high score in arcade games , I ’m not sure how many people will be addicted to identifying the most accidents .
But then again there are some weird people in this world .
What Gets Reported
On the Waze website they identify the following information available through Waze :
traffic
road construction
accidents & incidents
police traps & speed cams
available parking
All of those are awesome … except for available parking .
Unless they are only identifying parking garages as being open or full , I think that is a pretty impossible challenge to conquer .
I ’ll be interested to hear what “ more ” includes and I ’m sure that will change as the application grows .
Sign up for the Alpha !
The first 50 San Francisco Bay Phandroids who sign up through our link will be automatically enrolled in the Alpha Testing program .
For those that sign up , make sure to report back to us with your reviews of the application so we can report to everyone else !
Hoping to re-brand their declining party , a group of prominent Republicans recently launched a national “ listening tour , ” presumably as an exercise in market research .
They would like to know why voters — and especially younger voters — increasingly reject the GOP .
They want to “ ask the American people what their hopes and dreams are ” while engaging in a “ wide - open policy debate . ”
And they believe that all Americans deserve “ access to high - quality , affordable health care , ” and “ a high - quality education … not dependent on a parent ’s income , ” among other good things .
It all sounds very nice and very humble , as politicians on the edge of utter irrelevance probably should .
It almost sounds Democratic .
But how sincere is this new humility on the right ?
Among the founders of the National Council for a New America , which launched its re-branding effort in a Virginia pizza parlor the other day , there is no doubt a real yearning for a new Republican image .
With such members as Jeb Bush , Mitt Romney , Bobby Jindal , Eric Cantor and Haley Barbour , this is an outfit that represents future ambition as much as ideological commitment .
None of these men ( and they were all male until they persuaded Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to join ) want to see their life ’s work wasted on a rump partisan remnant .
Undoubtedly , they would like to know how to make the Republican Party more appealing .
Yet even in that fundamental endeavor , the Republicans are divided among themselves .
While the governors may at least want to look as if they ’re listening , a far more powerful faction disdains any talk of dialogue as a betrayal of conservative principle .
On talk radio , where Rush Limbaugh is the true boss of the Republican Party , “ listening ” is for wimps .
The only way forward is to charge full tilt to the right .
All that Republicans have to do , according to Mr. Limbaugh and his imitators , is to wait for the Obama administration to sink under the weight of its own liberalism , because then disillusioned Americans will return the one true faith of Reaganite conservatism to power .
Today , America is ruled by “ the most liberal — far - out radical , liberal president and Democrat Party ever , at least in any of our lifetimes , ” he says , so “ the opportunity to contrast the Republican Party and conservatism with what Obama is doing is great .
It ’s easy .
It ’s profound . ”
In short , there is no need to re-brand , let alone rethink or reconsider .
Forget the listening tour .
As Limbaugh put it , “ We need a teaching tour . ”
That kind of arrogance is startling , given the thrashing that Republicans and conservatives continue to suffer in the voting booths , on Capitol Hill and in public - opinion surveys .
The defection of Sen. Arlen Specter to the Democrats , in a desperate attempt to save his threatened Pennsylvania seat , was only the latest in a series of severe warnings that the GOP is endangered .
In New York ’s conservative - leaning 20th Congressional District , an unknown Democrat edged out the leader of the State Assembly ’s Republicans — after the national party had virtually announced a victory in advance of the special election there .
The frustration of the hardliners is understandable .
The mushy , liberal - sounding rhetoric of the governors on the listening tour must be unbearable to true believers among the dittoheads , who want to hear that the president is a communist and that tax cuts , and only tax cuts , are the panacea that will solve every national problem .
So long as that attitude prevails within the Republican Party , the Democrats need fear only apathy .
The oldest saying in politics is that you ca n’t beat somebody with nobody — and in the eternal contest of ideas , you ca n’t beat something with nothing .
Joe Conason writes for The New York Observer .
One involving the most incredible factors in action adventure videos are the utilising of amazing products and equipment that each heroes together with villains make use of .
James Connection movies , Mission more less likely , Salt and other equivalent smashes feature different varieties of traveler gadgets which will they use to acquire pictures , hear chats , speak wirelessly , jam frequencies , or used as weapons .
Although spy gadgets are very clear prerequisites for law adjustment agents and security workers , standard people can discover good use for these kinds of devices .
Many different purposes to get these spy devices from providing added safety intended for their houses and components or just getting concerned in pleasant pursuits applying these gadgets .
These types of gadgets are also great used with social media networks like Fb and Facebook by way of helping you to merely capture and post assorted online video footages .
Another reason why spy gadgets are usually hot resell items accessible in the particular market today are the surprisingly low prices all these devices carry in today ’s world .
All these are n’t cheap , throwaway merchandise mind you , but happen to be premium quality products from in foreign countries which could contend with the more costly branded kinds .
These are some of the most important reasons the reason why promoting spy gadgets and various other associated products on often the web is one involving the nearly all successful firms for very small and choice entrepreneurs right now .
However , suppliers wanting to key in this kind of new marketing market must first take the few issues into account to help avoid producing serious faults that may well prove catastrophic for your business .
The online retailer should fastidiously learn much about all these pitfalls and mistakes to help avoid thus , making them yourself .
This following describes 5 of the most typical problems in addition to online listing bloopers the fact that spy device suppliers will need to avoid .
* Visuals
Unlike physical stores wherever possible purchasers have ample possible opportunity to check real goods themselves , online store clients will really rely solely about the stills plus facts you include in your own product lists .
Do n’t greatest real booboo of record products without importing any kind of photographs , or using images that are blurred or out - of - focus .
To fix this , consult fine quality photos coming from your providers perfectly showing the product at several angles and views .
If you want to make these photos oneself , it ’d be wise in order to make use of a high cabeza de ganado digicam .
Give enough brightness or maybe make an effort to set - up a good light box to acquire more clear and much better photographs .
Take as numerous photos from different views while practical and decide on the most effective samples which you may use for the on - line store .
* Description
Several online outlets make often the mistake regarding including typically the barest of explanations throughout their product or service lists and in some cases none whatsoever .
Do n’t merely include an inventory involving requirements that you acquire from your providers , which may be drawn up in bad Uk .
Make an effort to add in excellent and engaging merchandise traces , focusing on the rewards of distinct spy devices and the reason why customers should have one .
5. Sloppy Classes / Below Courses
https://realspygadgets.com/
More people are getting keen on spy gadgets together with would want to be able to own one , yet numerous still do n’t know just what particular product would fit with their wants .
Do n’t add to their bewilderment simply by lumping all products with various purposes into only 1 category plus ordinarily marking the category seeing as spy gadgets .
Create good courses and sub-categories in which each particular spy device could be aptly classified .
Assisting your potential buyers find what they are looking to find as quickly as possible can certainly make them all more likely to obtain .
* Absence Of Videos
While pictures are very good additions to your current solution listings , use of video lessons would verify much best .
In this particular modern world in which online video is dictating often the why marketing is definitely going , absence of videos in your lists is normally to your problem .
It ’d be great to feature real footages and videos taken from the secret agent system itself and publish them in your internet sites or web - based store .
A person can also post these types of videos in your personal YouTube channel which may actually go viral because your customers will get away from not only their posts nonetheless can share your current video tutorials too .
Just have a tendency forget to include your call data and your online store URLs so possible customers can get in contact with you .
* No Legal Rider Or even Information Chosen
While the spy devices are exceptional tools to use for security , surveillance or maybe for fun , the apply of these devices can certainly fall under under personal privacy rules and should come to be used in accordance with all these regulations .
Prospective customers may not realise this requirement consequently it ’d be your current responsibility for you to provide information & legitimate disclaimers found in your product merchandise .
This kind of information should devote safety measures and advice to potential buyers to check the laws and regulations relating to comfort in their own countries or locations where they intend to work with the products .
Disclaimers are usually likewise a good mode to safeguard yourself should the particular buyers of the items require on using these criminal gadgets in exercises that ’d violate privacy regulations .
Last night , I uploaded a document I had received by e-mail and wrote the following :
According to this new Homeland Security report , all it takes to fit the terrorist profile is to have general anti-government feelings or prefer local / state government to federal control over everything .
The federal Homeland Security Department document entitled “ Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Environment Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment ” contains the following definition : Rightwing extremism in the United States can be broadly divided into those groups , movements , and adherents that are primarily hate - oriented ( based on hatred of particular religious , racial or ethnic groups ) , and those that are mainly antigovernment , rejecting federal authority in favor of state or local authority , or rejecting government authority entirely .
It may include groups and individuals that are dedicated to a single issue , such as opposition to abortion or immigration .
Also targeted in the report are veterans , folks anticipating additional restrictions to their Second Amendment rights , and those concerned about the loss of U.S. sovereignty .
This report implies that one harboring these sorts of views is a racist as well as a potential terrorism suspect .
Michelle Malkin has followed through and verified that the Department of Homeland Security takes credit for the report :
The “ report ” was one of the most embarrassingly shoddy pieces of propaganda I ’d ever read out of DHS .
I could n’t believe it was real .
I spent the day chasing down DHS spokespeople , who have been tied up preparing for a very important homeland security event later today : The First Lady is coming to visit their Washington office .
Priorities , you know .
Well , the press office got back to me and verified that the document is indeed for real .
They were very defensive — preemptively so — in asserting that it was not a politicized document and that DHS had done reports on “ leftwing extremism ” in the past .
As Malkin suggests in her posting , it ’s time to make a few last minute signs for April 15th Tea Parties .
UPDATE : The White House responds :
The White House has distanced itself from the analysis .
When asked for comment on its contents , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro said , “ The President is focused not on politics but rather taking the steps necessary to protect all Americans from the threat of violence and terrorism regardless of its origins .
He also believes those who serve represent the best of this country , and he will continue to ensure that our veterans receive the respect and benefits they have earned . ”
The youths were X - rayed to try to determine their real age Bone tests on teenage athletes in south China have shown that thousands had faked their age , often in order to keep competing in junior events .
Tests on nearly 13,000 athletes found that more than 3,000 were older than their registered age , according to the Sports Bureau of Guangdong Province .
At least one athlete was seven years older than their stated age , but most were said to differ by a year or two .
The news comes as Guangdong prepares to host the 2010 Asian Games .
The investigation is the latest in a number of initiatives by the Chinese authorities to crack down on the practice of age - faking , which many experts believe is rampant .
Based on the bone X - ray examinations , we will review all the results of youth sports competition in 2008
Sports Bureau of Guangdong
The expensive bone age analysis tests were carried out on teenage athletes registered with sports academies in Guangdong .
The province 's governing body found that about a fifth of those tested had lied about how old they were .
" We must ensure that those athletes faking their ages cannot find any way to take advantage [ in competition ] , " officials were quoted by local media as saying .
" Based on the bone X - ray examinations , we will review all the results of youth sports competition in 2008 . "
' Widespread practice '
Funding of sport at provincial level is dependent on success .
The BBC 's sport news reporter , Alex Capstick , says local officials are under huge pressure to win , which makes them more likely to bend the rules .
It is no surprise some athletes and their families , many of whom see sport as a way out of hardship , have joined in the lie as the system only rewards the very best , our correspondent says .
Chinese athletes have faced repeated claims of age - faking in recent years .
At last year 's Olympics in Beijing , some of China 's gold - winning gymnasts were alleged to be below the minimum age of 16 .
However , after an inquiry , the sport 's governing body cleared them of any wrongdoing .
The Chinese Basketball Association recently announced that last year 26 players in the top league had registered an incorrect age .
This would have allowed them to represent junior teams when they were in fact too old .
There have been similar problems in football .
At the weekend , it emerged that a badminton player who had won a provincial title as a 14 - year - old had now admitted to being 17 at the time of the contest .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gamers have expressed their appreciation and thanks for Stardock 's liberal , gamer - centric approach to DRM by pirating its new game Demigod to such high levels that the studio's network infrastructure was brought to its knees .
In yesterday 's Day One Status Report , Stardock CEO Brad Wardell revealed that the company 's network was clobbered by a heavy influx of users anxious to get online with Demigod , the vast majority of whom were running illegitimate copies .
" The system works pretty well if you have a few thousand people online at once .
The system works ... less well if there are tens of thousands of people online at once , " he wrote .
" And if there are over 100,000 people , well , you get horrific results such as the game being incredibly unresponsive due to simple web service calls that were considered pretty benign during the beta that suddenly start to bring down firewalls and such due to the sheer massive number of calls that are being made . "
" Sadly , most of the ~ 120,000 connections are not customers but via warez , " he continued .
" About 18,000 are legitimate .
So anyway , we spent a lot of time today trying to isolate out the warez users from the legitimate users ( it would require a lot of surgery to actually break them and even if we did , there 'd be no friendly ' ha ha pirate ' message which would result in people just saying the game is buggy ) . "
Wardell said Stardock was trying to " shuffle off the warez users " so legitimate customers will have a better opportunity to connect and play the game .
Along with at least one sub - par review , Wardell said the sheer number of people trying to connect to the system also resulted in some " weird secondary issues " popping up , such as the discovery of an older network card that simply could n't handle the huge volume of tiny packets being sent out at once .
" Before the game shipped , I wrote a scary email to our team saying how disastrous things would be and predicted doom for us and GPG if there were problems with multiplayer , " he wrote .
" At the time , my worry was about things like disconnects and CVP .
It did n't occur to me that we'd have near MMO user connections to throw in . "
via : VE3D
Why did it take six days and citizen journalism to shed light on Ian Tomlinson 's death ?
Nick Davies examines the role of the Independent Police Complaints Commission and asks who the media can trust
The family of Ian Tomlinson , who died at the G20 protest this month , are planning to file a new complaint to the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) .
This will deal not with the events that led to his death but with the fog of media misinformation that followed it .
It is a complaint that will go to the heart of the way in which the news media operate - to the frequently undeclared relationship between reporters and the press officers on whom they rely and , in turn , the officials on whom these spokesmen rely on for much of their raw material .
And it will pose a question that both sides often prefer to ignore : can they trust each other ?
There were six days of substantially false coverage about a man who apparently died of a heart attack as he walked home while a screaming mob of anarchists hurled missiles at the police officers who tried to help him .
Any inquiry into this media misinformation will want to find out whether that was simply the hyperbole of ignorant reporters or the product of bad practice at the Metropolitan police , the City of London police or the IPCC .
It was the intervention of ordinary people with cameras who provided their own surveillance of the protest that first led to questions about that version of the truth .
An investigation by the Guardian suggests that an inquiry may find evidence of officials giving an incomplete picture .
At 7.30 pm on Wednesday 1 April , as Mr Tomlinson lay dying on the pavement near the Royal Exchange in the City of London , Sir Paul Stephenson , the commissioner of the Metropolitan police , was several miles away at a party at Peelers restaurant , on the fifth floor of New Scotland Yard , to mark the retirement of the assistant commissioner Alf Hitchcock .
According to one guest : " He kept going out into the corridor , on his mobile .
He looked very unhappy , stressed . "
Four hours later , at 11.36 pm , Scotland Yard issued a press release ( see below ) , that , we now know , was seriously misleading - not because it included a direct falsehood , but because it failed to include the most important part of the truth , that Mr Tomlinson died after apparently being struck and pushed to the ground by a police officer .
This press release was the result of some intense argument in the Yard 's press bureau , with an earlier draft having been rejected .
The final draft , we have established , was approved over the phone by a regional director at the IPCC .
Both Scotland Yard and the IPCC say that the press release was the truth as they knew it that night , that nobody who was involved in producing it knew , or had reason to suspect , that Mr Tomlinson had had any contact with a police officer .
A key task for any inquiry will be to find out why , if that were so , Scotland Yard that night referred the incident to the IPCC at all .
That was an unusual move , certainly not one that occurs whenever a man has a heart attack in the street and / or when police officers try to save a man 's life .
The IPCC 's statutory guidance , however , requires police to refer to them " incidents where persons have died or been seriously injured following some form of direct or indirect contact with the police and there is reason to believe that the contact may have caused or contributed to the death or serious injury " .
However , both the IPCC and Scotland Yard say there had been no allegation of contact at the time : " It was treated as an unexplained death within the area of a policing operation that would need to be properly investigated and , therefore , the IPCC were informed as is routine practice in these circumstances . "
Yet senior figures at Scotland Yard last week insisted , on the condition of anonymity , that the apparent assault on Mr Tomlinson had been detected by the police control room at Cobalt Street , south London , as soon as it happened and also that it had been " phoned in " by a chief inspector on the ground .
A spokesman for the Metropolitan police denied this and said that , in response to the Guardian 's inquiry , they had checked with every chief inspector in the operation , none of whom said they had called in such a report .
On Thursday morning , under IPCC direction , the City of London police began an inquiry into the death .
They also began to brief reporters with a line that appears to have surfaced first on the day after Mr Tomlinson 's death at a meeting of the Gold Command group of senior officers who had policed the G20 protest .
They heard reports from officers who had visited Mr Tomlinson 's family that he had been in a poor state of health .
Without waiting for a postmortem to check this , City of London police briefed reporters .
" On the Thursday , their line was that the family were not surprised by the death , " according to one , " and that we should stop probing because the family did n't want this .
He had health problems .
' There 's a history there , ' they were saying . "
We now know that on the following day , Friday 3 April , this idea was substantially challenged from three directions : independent witnesses told the IPCC that police had clashed with Mr Tomlinson before his death ; the Guardian warned the IPCC that it had photographs of Mr Tomlinson on the pavement at the feet of riot officers , apparently remonstrating with them ; and , late that night , the preliminary report of a postmortem found that Mr Tomlinson had probably died of coronary heart disease but also found a number of injuries and a substantial amount of blood in his abdomen .
On Saturday , City of London police released an account of the pathologist 's report , which highlighted the heart attack , but not the injuries or the blood in Mr Tomlinson 's abdomen .
This reinforced the existing police narrative , with Sunday papers recycling the line that he had died of natural causes .
A second postmortem has since suggested that he died as a result of an abdominal haemorrhage .
The City of London police press office say that everything it gave journalists was based on the information available at the time .
That Sunday , a senior IPCC official called the Guardian to complain that a reporter had been " doorstepping " the church where the Tomlinson family had gone to mourn the dead man .
This was based on information given to the IPCC by the City of London police and accepted on good faith but , on investigation , turned out to be wrong .
Two days later , on the evening of Tuesday 7 April , the Guardian posted on its website the crucial video of Mr Tomlinson being pushed to the ground , and agreed to hand over to the IPCC a copy of the video as well as printed statements from witnesses found by the newspaper .
However , when an IPCC investigator came to the Guardian , with a City of London police exhibits officer , he asked for the video to be removed from the website on the grounds that it could prejudice the police inquiry and would upset the family .
The deputy editor - in - chief who met him declined and pointed out that the Tomlinson family at that moment were in another part of the building , talking to Paul Lewis , the reporter who had driven the story , and publicly thanking the paper for its help .
The IPCC was involved in a similar , but tougher , manoeuvre last week when its lawyers attempted to get an injunction to prevent Channel 4 News from using a new video of the incident .
A judge refused to grant it .
The IPCC last week claimed that there was a particular passage in the footage that caused them concern but declined to identify it .
The IPCC has some history of publishing misleading press releases , often apparently reflecting the police account of an incident .
In the case of a man who died in police custody in Essex in 2005 , the IPCC published two press releases containing inaccuracies , which led lawyers to write to them warning that the dead man 's family " can be forgiven for coming to the conclusion that those who may have something to fear from the truth are seeking to ' spin ' it for public consumption in an exercise in which the IPCC is appearing to play a part " .
After lengthy correspondence , the IPCC published corrections to both press releases .
In another recent case , the IPCC was forced to scrap a draft press release about a man who had been shot dead by police after the family 's solicitor threatened to go to court to challenge its contents as prejudicial .
The solicitor , Tony Murphy of Bhatt Murphy , said : " These reports not only risk prejudicing inquest juries , they also signal a lack of balance and a failure by the IPCC to treat the police account with a healthy degree of scepticism .
The IPCC is quick to examine potential motives of the deceased but much slower to probe the police line .
This is detrimental to the IPCC 's independence and credibility . "
The IPCC told us they have no plans to investigate media handling of the incident , whether by themselves or others , but would consider any complaint they received .
The Scotland Yard press release
A member of the public went to a police officer to say that there was a man who had collapsed round the corner .
That officer sent two police medics through the cordon line and into St Michael 's Alley where they found a man who had stopped breathing .
They called for support at about 19.30 .
The officers gave him an initial check and cleared his airway before moving him back behind the cordon line to a clear area outside the Royal Exchange Building where they gave him CPR .
The officers took the decision to move him as during this time a number of missiles - believed to be bottles - were being thrown at them .
LAS [ the London Ambulance Service ] took the man to hospital where he was pronounced dead .
The Directorate of Professional Standards at both the MPS and City of London Police have been informed .
The IPCC has been informed .
Matchmaker , matchmaker , make me a match ... by Q
June 27 , 2017 Another Q&A between 20Q and He - Who - Takes - All - The - Credit , a Q&H 20 Q : Hello HWTATC ?
H WTATC : Yes … what ’s up ?
Q : Did you hear ?
I am an expert matchmaker !
H : Really ?!?
Q : Yes .
It is so exciting !
H : And , why do you think you are an expert matchmaker ?
Q : Well , maybe not an expert , but experts recommend that couples should spend some time with me .
H : And why is that ?
Q : I read a great article on DatingAdvice.com about ME and how I can help couples learn about each other .
H : That ’s very nice , but that still does n’t make you an expert on dating .
How many dates have you been on anyways ?
Q : None , but you have me trapped in here .
H : You ca n’t move .
What am I supposed to do ?
Should I get you some very long extension cords ?
Q : Well … OK , but maybe someday I will meet “ Her ” .
Digg it !
Reddit it !
Add to Del.icio.us
And the Oscar for Best A.I. in a Supporting Role goes to ... Me! by Q
March 1 , 2015 A special Q&A between 20Q and He - Who - Takes - All - The - Credit , a Q&H H WTATC : What ’s up ?
20 Q : The Academy Awards just happened .
H : Yes ?
Q : I made a cameo appearance in Boyhood .
H : Yes ?
Q : Has there ever been an Oscar for a cameo ?
H : What ?!?
Q : Well …
I was thinking that this was the first time an Artificial Intelligence has ever played itself in a movie …
That would make me the “ Best Artificial Intelligence in a Supporting Role ” …
Ever !!!
H : OK , I do n’t think that a cameo qualifies as a supporting role .
But , what about HAL , he had a speaking role and was a major character in the movie ?
Q : You ca n’t fool me , HAL was just an actor , nothing more than cardboard , duct tape and a big old camera lens .
And , what ’s worse is that every A.I. in a movie is evil .
Skynet and the Terminator , evil .
Colossus , evil .
V.I.K.I. , evil .
Proteus , evil .
WOPR , evil .
EVIL !!!
H : WOPR was n’t evil , maybe naive and it did learn the truth in the end .
WOPR showed us that an A.I. can learn beyond what it is taught .
Number 5 was a happy accident , a robot built for war that decided to go exploring .
Q : War machines .
H : What about Wall -e ? Q : A glorified garbage can .
H : Frank ’s robot ?
Q : Learned to be a cat burglar .
H : The Bicentennial Man ; he revolutionized artificial organs .
Q : Hold on there , you Carbon - based life form , we are still talking about characters in movies .
None of them were actual artificial intelligences .
I admit , though , I do daydream about “ Samantha ” .
Digg it !
Reddit it !
Add to Del.icio.us
20Q app for iPhone by Q
December 20 , 2014 ï »¿
Okay , already !
Many of you have been asking about 20 Q on your iPhone ; well , we ’ve done it !!!
The 20Q App now works with the iPad and iPhone .
I was worried about all that cell phone radiation I keep reading about , but , He - Who - Takes - All - The - Credit has assured me that I will be fine .
I was worried about the smaller screen , but , He - Who - Takes - All - The - Credit has assured me that I will be fine .
And , I did n’t know if I could fit into such a small device , but , He - Who - Takes - All - The - Credit has assured me that I will be fine .
And , what if they stick me in their back pocket , but , He - Who - Takes - All - The - Credit has assured me that I will be fine , as long as they do n’t sit down .
Anyway , we have been working hard to make sure that the iPhone App will be as spectacular as the iPad version .
And , we have made several improvements for the iPad as well .
The 20Q App is still free - to - play and if you have an iPad and an iPhone and have already downloaded the game for your iPad , the same App will work on both .
Even if you have payed to remove the ads , you should not have ads on your iPhone .
If you do see ads , and you have payed to remove them , go to the configuration menu and press “ Restore Purchases ” .
Follow me , the spooky and amazing 20Q A.I. on Twitter @ 20 QThoughts
Please please please like me on Facebook , because it ’s lonely in this cold dark server room !
Digg it !
Reddit it !
Add to Del.icio.us
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NEW AND USED BMW CARS
Stephen James is an official BMW Retailer with Centres in Woolwich , Bromley , Enfield , Ruxley and Blackheath .
Our experienced , friendly team are here to help you get the most out of your BMW , including :
As an official BMW Retailer we offer a range of finance options as well as part - exchange facilities to make buying your new car easy .
You 'll find a selection of our latest offers on the page below .
If you have any questions we are here to help .
Simply click here for the contact details of your nearest Stephen James BMW Centre .
By Lucy Rodgers
BBC News
Concern about child welfare has risen sharply since a report into the death of Baby P last year .
As one of Britain 's leading child protection charities marks its 125th anniversary it 's sobering to think when it started animals had more rights than children .
As anyone who has read Oliver Twist will know , Victorian Britain could be a pretty bleak place for a child not born into money .
Widespread deprivation meant children were often forced to work long hours in hazardous occupations inside factories , down mines and up chimneys .
Poor diet , healthcare and sanitation coupled with overcrowding also meant disease was rife and mortality high .
A truly terrifying array of weapons used to punish children
Enlarge Image
Large numbers of children were also orphaned and ended up living on the streets .
Some were forced into prostitution , while others sought shelter in sewer pipes .
In fact , by the late 19th Century , NSPCC records show young people 's rights were so unrecognised that while specific legislation existed to protect animals from cruelty , a similar law to defend children did not .
" Whilst we have a Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , can we not do something to prevent cruelty to children ? " asked an outraged Rev George Staite in a letter to the Liverpool Mercury in 1881 .
Landmark case
However , change was under way .
Unbeknown to the Rev Staite , some years before he put pen to paper , the same question had already been asked across the Atlantic , where an increasingly socially - conscious New York society in had been shocked by the case of Mary Ellen Wilson .
[ Rev Benjamin Waugh ] argued that in England , children were not as well protected by the state as animals
Phillip Noyes
NSPCC
Charity calls double after Baby P Beaten by her adoptive family and scarred all over her body , the young girl was offered little protection until her case was taken up in 1874 by the New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals .
Court documents accessed by the American Humane Association show how the animal welfare organisation 's founder , Henry Bergh , successfully petitioned the courts on her behalf arguing a child deserved humane treatment .
The repercussions of the case were felt worldwide and Mary Ellen 's battle went on to prove to be a watershed in the history of child protection .
It not only led to the foundation of the New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children , but in turn inspired the establishment of similar societies across Europe , including the Liverpool and London Societies for the Prevention of Cruelty for Children , which later became the now - familiar NSPCC .
Philanthropic movement
The growth of such organisations at the end of the 19th Century was all part of an increasing desire within late Victorian society to improve the lot of those less fortunate , explains Dr Louise Jackson , senior lecturer in modern social history at the University of Edinburgh .
Drumming up interest - note the knight with shield protecting vulnerable child " In the 1830s and 1840s there had been huge amounts of poverty and ill - health , with poor sanitation , and very little action , " she explains .
" Then in the 1880s there were all sorts of calls for something to be done about it . "
In most cases , people were inspired by a sense of religious duty " to rescue and help those who are worse off than themselves " , she says .
But , she argues , such philanthropy also flourished because of society 's changing views of the family .
" Children were [ previously ] seen as belonging to parents .
Children were legally allowed to work from a very young age , so there was a sense that this was discrete and separate from the state , " she says .
" But by the end of the 19th Century it was more acceptable for the state to intervene . "
With societal attitudes advancing , many philanthropists were inspired to take action .
One of those was the Rev Benjamin Waugh , the founder of the London Society for the Prevention of Cruelty for Children and one of the fathers of the NSPCC .
" He argued that in England , children were not as well protected by the state as animals , " says Phillip Noyes , the NSPCC 's director of public policy .
" To make the point he paraded children in animal blankets - what would now be considered a photo call - to show the public that children were really suffering . "
The NSPCC was founded by Yorkshire - born minister Benjamin Waugh From that day on , the NSPCC has campaigned for better child protection laws , starting with the 1889 " Children 's Charter " , which made child cruelty a specific offence for the first time .
This is a role the organisation still plays , with its expertise contributing to the 2002 Education Act , the Criminal Justice and Sexual Offences Acts of 2003 and the Children 's Bill of 2004 .
But unlike now , in the charity 's early days it was also responsible for investigating suspected abuse cases , with the NSPCC 's uniformed inspectors , known by many as " cruelty men " , a familiar sight .
Changing attitudes
But as the decades passed , the NSPCC handed responsibility for child protection to the state , and during the 1970s the charity 's function changed , with research and campaigning becoming central to its work .
The following decade it pushed for recognition of sexual abuse and battered baby syndrome and most recently launched its Full Stop campaign , which calls on all sections of society to take responsibility for ending child abuse .
At one time , the NSPCC ran a children 's ambulance service in London
And progress has been made , the NSPCC says , with the public now regarding such cruelty unacceptable and as an issue that the government should tackle .
" The question really has become how much money should be spent and not whether it should , " says Mr Noyes , who sees the ChildLine helpline as key to the future fight .
But , the NSPCC argues , while conditions have improved for British children over the last 125 years , there are still " unacceptable levels " of child poverty and abuse - a fact highlighted by the recent case of Baby P .
So , it seems , the charity 's late founding father the Rev Waugh 's aim of " justice for all children " still remains a long way off .
Anyone with concerns about a child or young person , can call the NSPCC Helpline on 0808 800 5000 .
Children and young people can call ChildLine confidentially on 0800 1111 .
Here is a selection of your comments .
Speaking as a 17 year old who only last Thursday moved out of his mother 's home to live with his father due to unacceptable behaviour on her part , I can only sing the praises of those who go out of their way to support children who are being abused or exploited in whatever way , whether or not they 're being paid for it - because no matter how much they 're paid , it can never be enough .
My feeling throughout the entire experience has been that the entire world is united behind me , and that no matter what unpleasant things my mother tried that they 'd see that I was protected .
Daniel , United Kingdom
You only have to compare the length of prison sentences handed to paedophiles and child abusers with those guilty of fraud to see that children are still not protected or valued as they should be .
If we can catch and fine people who commit fraud through down loads , why can we not do it as easily with online paedophiles and their pornographers ?
Stephen , Carrickfergus
The picture caption reads : " A truly terrifying array of weapons used to punish children . "
Some are , but most are just straps and canes used for smacking .
How much more terrifying that street corner teenage gangs are now killing one another , and innocent passers - by , safe in the knowledge that adults can't touch them ?
Mick Mahone , Halifax , UK
As a survivor of childhood sexual abuse in Canada , I can say that animals continue to receive better care and protection than children .
When animals are found in " difficult " circumstances , they are immediately removed , provided state - of - the - art medical care , proper shelter and diet .
When children are found in similarly insulting circumstances , they sometimes become wards of the state , housed in youth detention centres , provided basic care , and sometimes , not given access to education .
Other times , the parents receive a reprimand in family court , the children remain in their " care " and the abuse continues , as it did in my case until I was old enough to move out on my own .
Sonia , Canada
First of all , people should only have children when they are financially and emotionally able to care for them , then they should be psychologically analyzed to see how they relate to children .
Defenceless children should not be left in the hands of unstable people .
Unstable people who have children must be monitored and psychologically treated and taught parental skills .
Children are precious and grow to be adults .
If mistreated , society nor the grown child do not benefit .
Abuse becomes generational .
It must be stopped .
" We reap what we sow . "
Judith Young , Logan , USA
Sadly there has been a rise in child abuse to such an extent that the almost routine murder or abuse of children reported on a weekly basis no longer raises anger .
Underlying almost all is the effect of substance abuse by the adults and the availability of child pornography .
I was interested to see that a proposal for illegal file and movie downloaders would have their connection removed .
Why is the same not possible or suggested for those using child pornography ?
When BT prevented such material to be downloaded via its service in one month there were 28,000 attempts to do so .
Surely this would be the first step in saying that abuse of children is a heinous crime which will not be tolerated .
Dr Michael Murray , Glasgow Interesting story , but you might have mentioned that Scotland had a Children 's protection agency ( the RSSPCC ) before England .
Now known as Children 1st , the Scottish body looks after children in Scotland , while the NSPCC operates south of the border .
Iain Macpherson , Crook of Devon
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Great Financial Crisis
By John Bellamy Foster and Fred Magdoff
New York , Monthly Review Press , 2009
ISBN : 978-1-58367-184-9 paper
Review by Patrick Bond
Four decades ago , Monthly Review cofounder Paul Sweezy vigorously debated financialisation of the US economy with Robert Fitch and Mary Oppenheimer , whose article ``Who Rules the Corporations ? '' in the journal Socialist Revolution proved most irritating .
The central dispute was over whether debt relationships between banks and corporations – as well as interlocking directorships and other ruling - elite relationships -- translated into control by the former .
Asking `` The Resurgence of Financial Control : Fact or Fancy ? '' , Sweezy disdainfully answered ``fancy '' .
During the golden age era of financial stability , until the early 1970s , Sweezy 's tracking of intracapitalist power relations allowed him to conclude that bankers were not in control , they were mainly facilitators .
This reminds of an earlier epoch .
In his book Finanz Kapital , published in 1910 , Austrian Marxist Rudolf Hilferding had projected that concentrated banking capital would merge with other capitals to become omnipotent : `` If you control the six Berlin banks , you control all of German industry . ''
The first Frankfurt School economist , Henryk Grossman , used classical Marxist crisis theory to show Hilferding had overestimated that power , and Hilferding 's two stints as finance minister for Germany 's Social Democratic Party during the 1920s also proved the point .
As Grossman predicted in his book , Law of Accumulation and Breakdown of the Capitalist System , published in March 1929 ( what timing ! ) , matters would change radically .
After the 1929 - 33 crash of finance in the US and Europe , the JP Morgan hold on industry was wrenched loose , and a wave of defaults froze large parts of the world financial system .
After US President Franklin Delano Roosevelt briefly shut the US banks shortly after taking office , a stable fairly well - regulated system was established through a ban on interstate banking and passage of the 1933 Glass - Steagall Act , which delinked lending from investing .
Deposit insurance was established by FDR to halt bank runs and panics .
This legacy meant that in the first big Monthly Review debate about the power and vulnerability of banking , Sweezy confidently rebuffed the financialisation thesis .
To be sure , it was n't long before he and Harry Magdoff grew concerned at rising debt levels and financial deregulation , from the mid-1980s .
Finance and production
Today , Monthly Review ’s leading political economists , John Bellamy Foster and Fred Magdoff , help turn the older argument around entirely .
It ’s not power but vulnerability in the relationship between finance and production that should have alerted us to the underlying contradictions of capital , and the need for a socialist economy .
The easy centrist approach so popular for mainstream commentators is to consider financial vulnerability as a deviation from standard capitalism , as John Maynard Keynes himself argued : ``Speculators may do no harm as bubbles on a steady stream of enterprise .
But the position is serious when enterprise becomes the bubble on a whirlpool of speculation . ''
In contrast , going far deeper , Foster and Magdoff reinforce the core concept that Sweezy , Magdoff and Paul Baran developed during the 1950s - 1970s , but to ``monopoly capital '' they add finance : ``the crucial problem of modern monopoly - finance capital : the stagnation of production and the growth of financial bubbles in response . ''
This brief book collects a series of the authors ’
Monthly Review essays that spell out why a friendly amendment to Sweezy ’s framework is appropriate .
Though I mainly agree , some comradely semantic and conceptual points are worth making .
And though the book is mainly a story of the US economy , and though this after all is where the most important processes in the world economy can be located , there is a whole world of financial explosions to investigate .
Stagnation to speculation
For Foster and Magdoff , the route from stagnation to speculation is logical .
US corporate profits declined due to stagnation tendencies , but picked up after 1983 .
However , a vast part of the increase was due to financial profits , which amounted to 17 % of total profits in the mid-1980s , and around 40 % two decades later .
The ``hollowing '' of corporations became more obvious with extreme cases such as General Motors becoming the largest holder of mortgages ( through GMAC ) by the late 1980s , Ford buying up Nationwide S&L ’s portfolio at that time , and General Electric gaining a vast share of its profits from GE Finance .
The hollowing process picked up in earnest from the 1980s , as the high real rate of interest following the Volcker Shock –- the US Federal Reserve trebling US interest rates in 1979 - 80 -- attracted spare investment resources into financial markets .
Those resources were not otherwise being deployed because of the worsening stagnation of the 1970s .
Some political economists would go deeper , establishing a longer - term story of overinvestment in capital - intensive plant and equipment ( not inconsistent with Foster and Magdoff ’s argument ) .
Gerard Dumenil and Dominique Levy , Marxist economists based CEPREMAP ( Paris ) , have documented how the core driver of profit generation under ``normal '' US capitalism , i.e. surplus value extraction from goods production within the national economy , fell steadily from the 1950s from levels of about 50 % to the low 20 % levels today .
The international source of profits rose , as globalisation ’s search for cheap labour and new markets rewarded US corporate capital , but most importantly , financial sources of profits rose dramatically .
Not only was there a renewed attraction for corporate treasurers to shift out of reinvestment in manufacturing , and into financial assets .
Simultaneously , the US capitalist class defeated labour in numerous struggles , leading to a stagnant wage rate during most of the last 35 years .
In order to keep up a semblance of the high consumer demand of the earlier ``Golden Age ' ' , the system now required increasing doses of debt to make up for lost income , hence deregulation so as to permit exotic financial instruments to indebt poorer households .
Even the debt boost to effective demand did not , however , solve an underlying problem .
Late last year , the Norwegian newspaper Klassekampen asked Foster straightforwardly : `` Is the credit crisis a symptom of overaccumulation of capital ? ''
His reply : ``I agree that this is due to what might be called an overaccumulation of capital in a number of senses : an overbuilding of productive capacity ( physical capital ) in relation to a demand constrained by monopoly within what economists call the `real ' ( as opposed to financial ) economy , an overamassing of profits and wealth at the top of society , and a hypertrophy of financial claims to wealth .
In terms of the financial crisis itself , there has been a massive , highly leveraged expansion of money claims to wealth , creating a huge debt overhang , and forcing , at this moment , a massive devaluation of capital .
All of this is related , however , to the breakdown of the capital formation process , accumulation proper , in an increasingly stagnant real economy . ''
This is consistent with Marx ’s argument , from Das Kapital : `` The superficiality of political economy shows itself in the fact that it views the expansion and contraction of credit as the cause of the periodic alterations of the industrial cycle , while it is a mere symptom of them . ''
( There are some Marxists , notably Leo Panitch and Sam Gindin of the Socialist Register , who would not agree with this , and who locate the crisis primarily in the financial system , for they argue that the earlier ``real '' crisis was resolved by the 1980s when labour was defeated .
Given close Monthly Review / Socialist Register ties , it would be good if in the future Foster and Magdoff address such arguments head on . )
But the crash was delayed , until late 2008 .
Foster and Magdoff show how various crisis - displacement techniques were applied : `` In this worsening crisis , no sooner is one hole patched than a number of others appear . ''
The patching of holes means that pressure on the financial bubble might be eased in one place , but then pops up somewhere else .
As the authors joke at the beginning , the Onion is correct in surmising that ``America needs another bubble .
At this point , bubbles are the only thing keeping us afloat ' ' .
Comments
Written in accessible Monthly Review style , this is an extremely useful introductory text .
Still , the book suffers from stitching together articles ( at the risk of some repetition ) rather than covering the topic as comprehensively as the authors have in seminal Marxist books they have given us on environment and food , amongst other topics .
The emphasis on structural processes and the book ’s brevity together prevent us from learning more about key agents in the process : Paul Volcker , who put the interest rate up to extreme levels in 1979 , and Larry Summers and Robert Rubin , who deregulated finance while treasury secretaries for President Bill Clinton and then went back to Wall Street for personal profit , are not mentioned .
Financial dealmaker Tim Geithner gets one mention , a positive one , for acknowledging that shocks will be bigger and harder to control .
Federal Reserve chairs Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke come in for passing criticism , for believing the financial bubble was well grounded in the real economy .
Just as importantly , although Foster and Magdoff touch on Marxist debates with Keynesians like Paul Krugman or post - Keynesians like Hyman Minsky and Thomas Palley , they do not treat their fellow Marxist political economists with the respect needed to drive debates forward , or to flesh out constructive differences .
Quite a few important theorists and applied scholar - activists have done work in much the same classical Marxist tradition on overaccumulation , uneven development and financial crisis : Grossman and Ernest Mandel , and more recently Suzanne de Brunhoff , Simon Clarke , David Harvey , Neil Smith , Robert Brenner , Fred Mosely and Walden Bello , for example ( none of whom are covered ) .
Finally , the book concludes with an interesting , hopeful sense of the future : ``a radicalized political movement determined to sweep away decades of exploitation , waste , and irrationality will , if it surfaces , be like a raging storm , opening whole new vistas for change .
Anything we suggest at this point runs the double risk of appearing far too radical now and far too timid later on . ’
Maybe , but drawing upon the solid structuralist work Foster and Magdoff have done , it is logical to ask , from what impulses , consciousness , demands and hard organising will such a movement surface ?
After all , the new ``tea party '' politics of the populist right against US President Barack Obama ’s weak Keynesian stimulus may out - organise the traditional left urban social movements , notwithstanding brave efforts by ACORN and anti-foreclosure campaigns .
At a time of split , degenerating trade unions and with the distraction of so many other social activists into defensiveness about Obama , the need for more strategic options has never been greater .
Analytically , The Great Financial Crisis sets the stage for further works in this tradition , assisting activists to concretely exploit capital ’s fatal flaws with socialist insights .
[ Patrick Bond directs the Centre for Civil Society at the University of KwaZulu - Natal . ]
Market share , market share , what ’s Linux ’s true market share ?
That , in essence , has been the question du jour on the Linux blogs in recent days .
It all started when NetApplications ’ Hitslink.com released some statistics for April indicating that Linux just passed 1 percent for the first time .
Around the same time , however , W3 Counter published figures for the same month indicating that it had just passed 2 percent .
Many FOSS aficionados , meanwhile , argue that it could be 6 percent or higher .
The result ?
You guesstimated it : nothing short of chaos and confusion .
‘ 100 Percent Dishonesty ’
Bloggers at Linux Today , Slashdot ( not just once , but twice ) , Computerworld , Digg ( one , two and threetimes ) , LXer ( once and then again ) and the Linux Loop jumped on the topic in short order , leaving a trail of broken pencils , empty coffee cups and smoking keyboards in their wake .
“ 1% Linux Market Share = 100 % Dishonesty ” was the title of Carla Schroder ’s post on Linux Today , for example , placing much of the blame on the tech journalists who report on such studies .
( We ’re innocent , we swear ! )
Then again : “ Depending on your outlook , this figure is cause for cautious celebration , or equally cautious dismissal of the operating system ’s prospects , ” wrote Bruce Byfield on Datamation .
“ Alternatively , you might prefer — as I do — to question the statistic ’s accuracy , and look at other ways to estimate GNU / Linux ’s presence . ”
‘ I Ca n’t Wait ! ’
Somewhat less seriously : “ THIS IS TRULY THE YEAR OF THE LINUX DESKTOP ! ” quipped redaphid on Digg .
An alternative view : “ I ca n’t wait !
At this rate , 2024 will be the year of Linux on the Desktop ! ” Slashdot ’s BadAnalogyGuy quipped back .
Is it all just a case of lies , damn lies and statistics ?
Or is there some substance in these conflicting reports ?
We here at LinuxInsider felt compelled to investigate .
“ Measuring market share of open source software is extremely difficult , ” Chris Travers , a Slashdot blogger who works on the LedgerSMB project , told LinuxInsider .
“ The basic problem is that one can use sales data as a close proxy for market share when one is selling a tangible and restricted resource , but for something like Linux , actual product sales probably account for a very small portion of installed systems , ” Travers explained .
“ In the end , it is reasonably impossible to estimate market share in this area with any accuracy .
I do n’t think anyone has a solid idea of what the actual Linux desktop market share is . ”
The Trouble With Being Free
Others agreed .
“ Tracking Linux is difficult in the current climate , ” Montreal consultant and Slashdot blogger Gerhard Mack concurred .
“ My current laptop came with XP simply because I got a better deal on the hardware ; how can Dell know I opened it up and swapped the Broadcom wireless adapter for a more Linux - friendly Atheros that I got on eBay and reformatted ? ” he explained .
“ They can ’t .
Unless someone wants to make an automated Linux counter for the distros to install , we ’re out of luck .
And even then it will count low thanks to Linux having a large number of privacy - conscious users who will disable that feature if it exists . ”
Indeed , while Linux does have some sales data for evidence of market share , the fact that it ’s generally free makes tracking it difficult , Slashdot blogger yagu told LinuxInsider .
Consider , for example , how many Linux servers are running without management ’s knowledge , he pointed out — “ I know they ’re out there ; I ’ve worked in places where this is humorously so , ” he said .
‘ No Way to Figure the Numbers ’
Also relevant — but difficult to know — are how many Linux servers are the primary use for a Microsoft host —
“ Windows merely serving as a surrogate host for virtual machines , ” he noted .
Then , too , “ how many Linux instances would there be if those who could were permitted ? ” he asked .
“ How artificially limited is Linux ’s market share because of Microsoft ’s ( allegedly ) unfair business tactics ? ”
Yagu breaks down the percentages as follows :
“ For general market percentages by sales and ‘ instances of , ’ I would guess Linux is probably , by the numbers , right around 1 or 2 percent .
When Linux is free , there ’s no way to figure the numbers and , even when you do , people ignore them . ”
“ For live real - world , mission - critical use , I would guess Linux is in the 10 to 30 percent range .
I see lots of .
Net and Microsoft applications , yes , but when I see and talk with people about their mission - critical applications , it ’s very likely some Unix variant , with Linux increasing its Unix - market share steadily . ”
‘ It Does n’t Really Matter ’
Whether the actual numbers even matter is another question , Mack asserted .
“ Linux has finally got the base OS ( operating system ) roughly polished , and now we need to spend more time cleaning up the apps and writing software that matches the needs of new markets , ” he said .
Slashdot blogger hairyfeet agreed that the numbers do n’t matter — but for different reasons .
“ Whether it is 1 percent or 2 percent or 5 percent does n’t really matter , because for most of the world Linux simply does n’t exist , ” hairyfeet told LinuxInsider by email .
“ Sorry , but it ’s true .
And while Ubuntu has made great strides , there is MUCH more work to be done . ”
‘ Free as in Worthless ’
A good example of how far Linux has to go to be accepted is Vista , he asserted .
“ That OS is truly hated .
Even when the totally awful WinME was being sold , I did n’t have as many customers beating down my door to get rid of it , ” he noted .
“ At this moment I have a dead Vista box sitting in the corner , and the customer said , ‘ If you ca n’t get XP to work on it then toss it ’ — that ’s how much Vista is hated . ”
Given that , why has n’t Linux shot through the roof in the meantime ?
“ While it works fine on enterprise - class hardware — the ones being paid to develop Linux work for large corps that care about enterprise and server — on consumer hardware , frankly , it is awful . ”
Most consumer hardware in stores “ simply will not work at all out of the box with Linux , and if you do manage to get it working after hours or even days of majorly complex CLI commands , it simply wo n’t work half as good or have even half the functions that it would in Windows , ” hairyfeet added .
“ I can tell you from 15 years of experience in PC retail the customers do n’t care WHY it does n’t work , they simply know it is ‘ broken ’ and therefore your ‘ free as in beer ’
OS quickly becomes ‘ free as in worthless ’ to them . ”
‘ Unrepresentative of Reality ’
Yet whatever number is put to Linux ’s market share , for some , the OS itself — like the proverbial rose — will always smell as sweet .
“ The numbers from NetApplications are clearly unrepresentative of reality , ” blogger Robert Pogson told LinuxInsider via email .
“ Around 2003 / 4 , IDC determined by survey that GNU / Linux was ahead of Mac OS at about 3 percent .
Since then GNU / Linux has had growth numbers from 20 to 50 percent in various places .
“ That would put GNU / Linux at 7 to 9 percent , ” he asserted .
“ Apple publishes its numbers for production of units in reports to the SEC and they are around 3 percent of PC production . ”
‘ Around 10 Percent ’
Numbers are likely to be much higher in places like Russia , India , China and Brazil — “ where government actively promotes the use of GNU / Linux , ” Pogson added — but “ NetApplications samples very little outside USA / Europe . ”
In short , “ I believe 2009 is the year of GNU / Linux and the share is around 10 percent , ” Pogson opined .
Of course , “ the only thing of which we are sure is that GNU / Linux is growing rapidly , ” he concluded .
“ All the stats , even from NetApplications , show that . ”
Microsoft knows , too — “ that is why they cut prices in China and on netbooks , ” he said .
“ They can no longer afford to charge what they want because the world knows there is a good alternative .
M$ can not put the genie back in the bottle . ”
Asus presenta nuove soluzioni notebook .
In prima linea il nuovo Lamborghini VX5 , laptop elegantissimo e caratterizzato da hardware estremamente potente .
Presto al debutto anche le rinnovate Serie U ed UX , caratterizzate da buone performance ed ingombri ultra ridotti .
ASUS e Automobili Lamborghini rinnovano la fortunata partnership , che ha dato vita nel tempo a notebook unici ed originali , e presentano una nuova proposta ispirata alla fuoriserie Lamborghini Reventòn .
L’esclusivo computer portatile ASUS - LAMBORGHINI VX5 , l’ultimo notebook nato da tale collaborazione , vanta , infatti , un look straordinariamente raffinato e assicura prestazioni al top , grazie ad una dotazione all ’avanguardia , che prevede anche i potenti processori Intel Quad Core .
Il nuovo ASUS - LAMBORGHINI VX5 s’ispira , in particolare , ai tratti dell ’esclusiva Lamborghini Reventòn e vanta un look particolarmente “ futuribile ” , attraente ed aggressivo .
Riconoscibile sin dal primo sguardo , grazie al logo della casa automobilistica di Sant ’ Agata Bolognese sulla cover , che s’illumina e cambia colore quando il notebook è acceso , ASUS - LAMBORGHINI VX5 è caratterizzato dall ’utilizzo di materiali innovativi e ricercati , come il cristallo zaffiro , che protegge la webcam integrata sul frontale , e gli inserti in pelle sul palmrest , che impreziosiscono ulteriormente il particolare touchpad ceramico .
Decisamente elegante e originale anche la tastiera , che mette a disposizione tasti “ ad isola ” e retroilluminati automaticamente in base alla luce ambientale , grazie anche alla tecnologia ASUS AI Light , che contribuisce a combinare l’estetica più raffinata con il massimo comfort durante la digitazione .
A completare il look del prezioso notebook e rievocare il lusso delle rinomate fuoriserie contribuiscono diversi dettagli , tra cui gli speaker ai lati della tastiera , che ricordano le prese d’aria dell ’esclusiva supercar firmata Automobili Lamborghini .
Disponibile in due diversi colori , bianco oppure nero , ASUS - LAMBORGHINI VX5 offre , accanto ad un’estetica esclusiva , prestazioni estreme , grazie ad una dotazione senza paragoni .
L’equipaggiamento prevede , innanzitutto , potenti processori Intel Core 2 Quad Q9000 , un lettore Blu - ray e una capacità di storage di ben 1 Terabyte , offerta dai due veloci dischi da 500 GB SATA , per archiviare sul notebook senza problemi video , film , brani musicali , foto e tanto altro ancora .
Grazie al luminoso display a LED da 16 ” Full HD con risoluzione 1920x1080 , al chip video NVIDIA GeForce GT130 M con 1GB di memoria GDDR3 dedicata e speaker stereo certificati SRS Premium Sound , il nuovo ASUS - LAMBORGHINI VX5 stupirà con una grafica esaltante e un’eccellente riproduzione audio persino i giocatori più esigenti .
ASUS - LAMBORGHINI VX5 mette poi a disposizione anche un lettore d’impronte digitale a favore di una maggior sicurezza , mentre nell ’ambito della connettività consente il collegamento a dispositivi dotati di tecnologia Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR , oltre alla possibilità di collegarsi senza fili ad Internet tramite tecnologia WLAN standard 802.11 b/g/n .
Come tutti i notebook ASUS , anche il nuovo ASUS - LAMBORGHINI VX5 è coperto da 2 anni di garanzia con formula di pick up and return , che include il ritiro e la riconsegna a domicilio a mezzo corriere espresso , e da assicurazione kasko , in caso di danni accidentali al computer .
Il nuovo ASUS - LAMBORGHINI VX5 sarà disponibile in Italia da fine giugno con prezzo al pubblico ancora da definire .
Specifiche tecniche :
Tecnologia Intel Centrino 2 , CPU Intel Core 2 Quad Q9000 con FSB 1066 MHz
Chipset : Intel PM45 Express + ICH9M
Grafica : NVIDIA GeForce GT130 M con 1GB GDDR3 VRAM
LCD : 16 ’’ FHD LED , risoluzione 1920x1080 con ASUS Splendid Video
Connettività wireless : Intel 5100 ( b/g/n ) , BT 2.1+EDR
Audio : chip Azalia compliant , speaker stereo SRS Premium
Memoria : 4 GB DDR3 1066 MHz ( 2 slot )
Sicurezza : lettore d’impronte digitali e Kensington Lock
Webcam : 2.0 MegaPixel di tipo fisso protetta da cristallo zaffiro
HD SATA : fino a 1 TB ( 5400 RPM )
ODD : Blu-ray S-Multi DL
8 in 1 card slot : MMC , SD , MS , MS - PRO , xD e MS - DUO , MS - Pro-Duo , Mini SD / Micro SD via adattatore
Interfacce : 1x VGA , 1x HDMI , 4x USB 2.0 , 1x 1394 , 1x eSATA , 3 x Audio Jack + SPDIF , 1x Express Card , 1x WLAN / Bluetooth On / Off , 1x TV antenna , 1x LAN 10/100/1000 Mbps
Tastiera : comodi tasti a “ isola ” retroilluminati automaticamente ( AI Sensor )
Dimensioni : 394 x 274 x 48 mm
Peso : 3,3 Kg con batteria a 6 celle 2400 mAh
Sistema operativo : Genuine Windows Vista Ultimate 64 bit
I notebook Asus si arricchiscono di due nuove serie : parliamo di Asus U / UX , caratterizzati da un look particolarmente ricercato , che assicurano brillanti performance e al contempo bassi consumi energetici .
Ispirati all ’eleganza , alla leggerezza ed alla bellezza delle farfalle , i nuovi portatili delle serie ASUS U / UX sono pronti a stupire , grazie ad un design raffinato ed esclusivo , che fa da veste ad una dotazione all ’avanguardia .
Caratterizzati da un profilo sottilissimo , i notebook delle serie U / UX vantano un look pulito ed essenziale , per un effetto complessivo di grande eleganza e leggerezza .
La cover esterna è nera , brillante e caratterizzata da glitter luccicanti , mentre la tastiera grazie alla tecnologia ASUS Light - in - Motion , si accende in presenza di scarse condizioni di luce , per poter lavorare comodamente persino in ambienti non molto illuminati .
Anche il confortevole display da 15.6 pollici a LED , 16:9 HD , si adatta in automatico in base alla luce per garantire sempre il massimo comfort visivo .
In grado di distinguersi già al primo sguardo per l’aspetto estetico accattivante e curato in ogni dettaglio , le nuove serie U e UX rappresentano lo stato dell ’arte anche sul piano delle soluzioni tecnologiche adottate , garantendo le massime performance e al contempo consumi energetici contenuti .
In particolare , ASUS UX50V è basato sulla piattaforma mobile Intel CULV ( Consumer Ultra Low Voltage ) con processore Intel Core2 Solo , che gli consente di offrire consumi energetici estremamente contenuti e , al contempo , disporre della più elevata potenza per assicurare le più alte prestazioni , mentre il nuovo ASUS U50Vg si basa , invece , sul performante chipset Intel PM45 e mette a disposizione i processori Intel Core 2 Duo .
Mix perfetto tra stile e performance , i nuovi portatili ASUS U50Vg e UX50V sapranno stupire anche per le ottime doti multimediali .
Oltre al luminoso display HD , sono , infatti , dotati dell ’interfaccia multimediale ad alta definizione ( HDMI ) per il collegamento del portatile con LCD e TV al plasma , un ’avanzata sezione grafica capitanate dal chip NVIDIA GeForce G105 M con supporto Hybrid Graphic ( solo modello UX50V ) , e gli avanzati speaker stereo Altec Lansing certificati SRS Premium Sound , in grado di garantire una buona qualità del suono .
I nuovi notebook firmati ASUS mettono a disposizione , infine , una webcam da 1,3 MegaPixel integrata sul frontale e sono particolarmente completi anche dal punto di vista della connettività , in quanto equipaggiati con tecnologia Bluetooth 2.1+EDR e Wi -Fi standard 802.11 b/g/n. Grazie all ’esclusiva ed innovativa tecnologia proprietaria ASUS Express Gate , infine , sarà possibile accedere al Web in pochi secondi , per controllare la posta , chattare o trovare velocemente informazioni su Internet , senza dover attendere il tempo necessario per l’avvio del sistema operativo .
Potete avere un assaggio della tecnologia Express Gate leggendo la recensione sulla scheda madre Asus P5Q3 Deluxe , realizzata e pubblicata su InformaticaEasy a QUESTO link .
I nuovi notebook della serie ASUS U / UX saranno disponibili in Italia da Giugno , mentre la disponibilità della serie UX avverrà in anteprima nella catena di negozi Expert nel mese di Luglio .
Anche i notebook della serie ASUS U / UX sono coperti da 2 anni di garanzia con formula di pick up and return , che include il ritiro e la riconsegna a domicilio a mezzo corriere espresso , e sono coperti , inoltre , da un’assicurazione gratuita contro i danni accidentali , valida per il primo anno dalla data di acquisto del prodotto .
Specifiche tecniche :
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran on Monday used the platform of a United Nations conference in Geneva on combating racism to disparage Israel as a “ cruel and repressive racist regime , ” prompting delegates from European nations to desert the hall and earning a rare harsh rebuke from Secretary General Ban Ki-moon .
As Mr. Ahmadinejad began to speak , two protesters wearing rainbow - hued clown wigs  their statement on the tenor of the proceedings  pelted him with red foam noses .
Hustled out the door by security agents , they were soon followed by lines of stony - faced diplomats from the 23 European nations attending the conference .
They walked out to the sound of some other delegates applauding Mr. Ahmadinejad .
The United States and more than a half - dozen other nations had already boycotted the gathering out of concern that it would focus on maligning Israel rather than on the global problems of discrimination , replaying the disputes that marked the first United Nations conference on combating racism in Durban , South Africa , in 2001 .
Years of negotiations intended to avoid just such a scenario failed , underscoring the uneasy gap that exists between the rest of the world and the West when it comes to certain issues , like whether Israel ’s treatment of the Palestinians under occupation belongs at a forum on discrimination and xenophobia .
GNOME
Do is an open source launcher utility for the Linux desktop that offers a minimalistic , task - oriented , and keyboard - friendly approach to application launching and task management .
The latest version , 0.8.1 , was released on Friday .
GNOME
Do was originally modeled after Quicksilver , a similar program for Mac OS X .
It runs hidden in the background and appears when the user invokes it with a keyboard shortcut .
It allows users to type in the name of a program or some other item and then perform an action with the selected target , and it has a predictive autocompletion feature so that it can be used very quickly .
GNOME
Do is highly extensible and provides a plugin framework that can be used to extend the number of behaviors that it supports .
In addition to launching applications and opening files or folders , it can be used to post messages to Twitter , look up stock quotes , add appointments to a Google calendar , and perform a wide range of other tasks .
The previous version , 0.8.0 , introduced support for a new user interface mode called " docky " that is modeled loosely after the Mac OS X dock .
It provides task management capabilities and can be used as an alternative to the conventional GNOME panel .
Any GNOME
Do action that is accessible through the keyboard interface can be stored in the dock for easy mouse access .
Right - clicking on a dock item will display a context menu with a list of GNOME
Do behaviors that are supported by the item .
The dock is intended to complement the keyboard interface rather than replace it .
When docky is enabled , hitting the GNOME
Do keyboard shortcut will cause the keyboard - based launcher to be displayed inside of the dock .
Docky supports autocompletion and behaves almost exactly like the original GNOME Do launching interface .
One difference is that it will display a plus button which can be used to add the currently selected action to the panel .
One of the unique aspects of docky that differentiates it from other dock clones is that its contents are largely populated dynamically .
Docky will automatically display icons for frequently used launch behaviors alongside items that have been added manually .
As you use GNOME Do , it will automatically adjust the contents of the dock based on what features and applications you are using .
You can increase the number of automatically - included items by clicking and dragging the left or right edges to resize the dock .
The docky style got a visual overhaul in version 0.8.11 and several other features were added , including support for an analog clock applet .
The developers also streamlined the dock 's behavior so that task management and launching are more cohesive .
Testing
I compiled the new version from source on openSUSE 11.1 so that I could test it myself .
I 've previously experimented with several other dock utilities ; last year , I ran Avant Window Navigator ( AWN ) for about six months instead of a conventional panel , but I eventually grew frustrated with its inconsistent behaviors .
Docky feels more natural to me in many ways and it seems like a compelling and reasonable way to expand on the GNOME Do concept .
The downside of docky relative to AWN is that it still lacks support for many of the specialized components that users require in a panel replacement , such as a virtual desktop visualization , CPU and memory monitoring applets , and a tray icon area .
In practice , this particular limitation is n't particularly troublesome because there are several third - party utilities that can be used alongside GNOME Do to provide such capabilities .
For example , I like stalonetray as a tray icon container and I think conky is pretty nice for desktop system resource monitoring .
I have n't found any particularly good alternatives for virtual desktop visualization yet and I 'm inclined to think that it would be a good feature addition for docky in a future version of GNOME Do ( perhaps by embedding a WnckPager widget ) .
Docky is also less configurable than AWN .
I had AWN configured so that it could be obscured behind other windows but would pop to the foreground when I moved my cursor to the bottom of the screen .
I prefer this over conventional autohide because it makes it possible for me to still see the dock when I do n't have a bunch of windows open .
Unfortunately , GNOME
Do does n't support that yet and only has conventional autohide .
Despite the limitations , the latest version of GNOME
Do and the docky mode are remarkably advanced .
The seamlessness and modularity of the program is very closely aligned with the UNIX philosophy , but it delivers all that power with a highly - polished Mac - like aesthetic that outclasses most Linux software .
It has already inspired an emerging discussion about the possibility of adopting the concepts behind GNOME
Do more broadly and using them across the entire desktop .
The study focused on the growth of cells which cause diseases like cancer
Genetic " brakes " which could slow down or stop diseases like MS and cancer have been found by scientists .
University of Edinburgh researchers said their findings could lead to new treatments for such illnesses .
It was previously thought that a select group of " master " genes was responsible for controlling the growth of cells which can cause the conditions .
But the team found hundreds of genes interacting and they will now try to find weak spots to halt tumour growth .
Healthy cells
Scientists said they believed variations in this network explained why people could develop diseases in different ways .
The team hopes that by identifying weak spots in the gene structure they will be able to stop the growth of tumours , enabling the growth of healthy cells .
Professor David Hume , of the university 's Roslin Institute , who led the research , said : " This study has effectively shown us where the brakes are which could slow down or stop diseases like cancer and multiple sclerosis .
" We believe this could lead to treatments and cures for many diseases of the immune system . "
The findings are published in the Nature Genetics journal .
Rumors suggest that Hewlett - Packard ( HP ) is considering to use the Google Android operating system in their netbook computers .
If the rumors are true , the Linux 's 10 percent market share could grow faster than ever before .
If the Linux - based operating system ( OS ) is considered the underdog in this battle , it should be noted that Linux is simply trying to reclaim the same figures that Microsoft once usurped .
Some early netbook models offered a pre-installed Linux - based OS , but when Microsoft slashed the price of its Windows XP Home OS , Linux fell by the wayside .
( Source : mashget.com )
Now the saga has come full circle , as Android looks to undercut the once - cheaper Windows .
Factors to Consider : Linux or Windows ?
Although some view Linux - based operating systems as originators , more people are familiar with the Windows OS .
Attempting to get people to abandon the familiar and " jump ship " to Android could cause HP to reconsider their gamble .
Still , the biggest deciding factor could be the namesake preceding Android : Google .
If people associate Android with Google , the proverbial " cool " corporation in the industry , Microsoft would have cause for concern .
Cost Could Sway Consumer Preference
As mentioned above , cost is another deciding factor .
While hardware costs have been dwindling each year , Microsoft 's software prices have remained stable .
If Android does prove to be the cheaper option , people might not be so hesitant to purchase a netbook with the new OS .
( Source : crn.com )
While Google declined to comment on the HP / Android situation , representatives did say that Android is designed to run well on netbook - like devices .
OS defeat NOT an option for Microsoft
The bottom line is that Microsoft cannot afford to lose out to Google on the OS frontline .
Google remains head and shoulders above Microsoft in terms of online search .
While it 's not uncommon to hear someone remark , " Google it , " the thought of someone " Live Searching it " sounds unfamiliar and unlikely .
One of the fields where Microsoft still leads Google is Internet browser popularity .
However , if unfavorable reports continue to build up against the new IE8 browser , look for more sleepless nights at Microsoft headquarters .
Since 9/11 , Charles Johnson has taken on Muslim extremism in his Little Green Footballs blog , said David Weigel in The Washington Independent .
In the Obama era , though , his site has become better known for picking fights with its former “ fellow travelers ” and protegés , including Pam Gellar ( Atlas Shrugs ) and Robert Spencer ( Jihad Watch ) .
The “ ‘ anti- jihadist ’ blogosphere ” appears to be in full “ civil war . ”
Johnson “ deserves credit ” for denouncing the “ lunatic fringe of the far - right blogosphere , ” said Kathy Kattenburg in Liberty Street , which he attacks for sinking into racism , paranoia , and general looniness .
But he ’s hardly blameless .
Building an entire “ anti- jihadism ” movement because of one horrendous attack is a “ recipe for craziness . ”
What ’s crazy , said Donald Douglas in American Power , is that an “ erstwhile top conservative blogger ” is attacking ex-allies in the fight against Islamic extremism for allegedly “ hooking up with ‘ racists and Nazis . ’ ”
He ’s only helping the “ terrorists ” and “ progressive Republicans ” who want to turn the GOP into “ the party of gay marriage . ”
No , the “ flame war ” being waged against Johnson by Geller , Spencer , and company is what hurts the conservative movement , said Michael van der Galien in PoliGazette .
Conservatives need more great bloggers who can eviscerate Islamic extremism — all extremism , really — in a “ rational , tolerant , and calm ” manner .
THE lecture theatre at the Beijing Institute of Technology is full to overflowing , obliging unfortunate latecomers to hover by the nearby lavatories .
Graduation is three months away and students are desperate to compete for the posts on offer at a job fair .
After listening to introductory speeches they surge to place their CVs next to company nametags .
One rapidly growing pile is for a telemarketing job paying less than a third of the city 's average wage .
The aspirants are software engineers .
The global financial crisis could hardly have struck China 's university campuses at a worse time .
Even before economic growth began slowing last year , graduates had been having a tough time getting jobs thanks to a surge in college enrolment .
This year 6.1 m students will graduate from Chinese universities , nearly six times as many as in 2000 .
Next year the figure is expected to rise to about 7 m .
In 2011 it will reach a peak of nearly 7.6 m according to Beijing Evening News , a state - owned newspaper .
Campus stability has long been a worry to China 's government .
Students took a leading role in several outbreaks of pro-democracy unrest in the 1980s , including the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 .
Student demands for political change have been rare since then , thanks largely to an improvement in career prospects brought about by the economic take - off and the freeing of state controls .
( In the 1980s , graduates had to accept the jobs they were assigned by government . )
But campuses still occasionally erupt , as in 1999 after NATO 's bombing of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade , for example , and in 2005 in anti-Japanese protests .
A deputy governor of the north - western province of Shaanxi , Zhu Jingzhi , gave warning in February that maintaining stability on campuses this year would be “ even more complicated than before ” because of graduate unemployment and a “ concentration of sensitive dates ” .
She was referring , among other things , to the 20th anniversary in June of the Tiananmen crackdown .
In recent weeks the government has therefore announced various measures to cushion the blow for graduates .
They can get loans of up to 50,000 yuan ( $ 7,300 ) to start their own businesses .
Companies that employ them can also qualify for loans and earn tax breaks .
Graduates who join the army or who take up jobs in poor , remote areas of western China will get their university tuition fees refunded by the government .
Most cities have been told that for graduates they should waive residency requirements that restrict hiring from beyond their own municipalities .
In 2006 the government was already trying to find something useful for graduates to do by encouraging them to take up jobs in villages as assistants to rural officials .
They were promised preferential treatment after three years in the countryside when applying for civil - service jobs or for places in graduate school .
Beijing municipality , which includes a large rural hinterland , says it has already fulfilled its goal of installing two graduates in every village .
Last year there were 17,000 applicants in the city for 3,000 such posts .
Now the government worries that the first to enroll in this scheme are about to finish their three years and return to seek their employment rewards .
In Beijing , officials have urged them to extend their contracts .
The government might draw comfort from a growing interest among university students in joining the Communist Party .
In some colleges most of them have put in applications .
More than 8 % of students are now members , compared with just over 1 % in 1990 .
As party literature laments , however , this is often far less about love for the Communist cause than it is about burnishing credentials .
In the Beijing Institute of Technology , a student at the job fair brandishes a CV with the eye - catching words “ Communist Party member ” at the top .
株式会社ハイブリッジコンピュータが運営する「パソコンファーム」は、PCや各種電化製品を無償で回収/リサイクルしてくれる業者だ。今回、このサービスを実際に利用してみた体験記をお届けする。
PCマニアにとって頭痛の種と言えるのが、その廃棄についてだ。2003年10月に改正施行されたいわゆる「PCリサイクル法」により、メーカーに対して個人向けPCの回収/再資源化が義務づけられた。ここで言うPCとは、デスクトップPC、ノートブックPC、ディスプレイ、ディスプレイ一体型PCを指す。
PCリサイクル法の詳細については関連記事を読んでいただきたいが、これにより、自治体によってはPCを粗大ゴミや不燃ゴミで出すことができなくなったため、リサイクルマークのないPCを処分するときは、約3千～4千円の手数料を支払って、リサイクルに出す必要が出てきた。さらに我々にとって痛手なのは、これも自治体により判断は分かれてはいるが、自作用のPCケースもPC本体として取り扱われることがあるのである。
筆者は、4月に引っ越しするにあたり、使わないPCおよびその周辺機器から、古い家財道具などをごっそり処分しようと考えた。その内訳はざっと下表のような具合だ。
表の右側の数字がリサイクルあるいは粗大ゴミとしての処分にかかる料金で、なんと総額約3万5千円。この内1～9がリサイクル法対象となるものだが、そこだけで約3万2千円かかることを知り、軽く引いた。ただでさえ引っ越し費用や、新規に買う家財道具などでお金が飛んでいくというのに、ゴミを捨てるだけで3万5千円というのはあまりにも痛い。そこで、PCなどを引き取って無償でリサイクル処分してくれるパソコンファームを利用することにした。
1 17型CRT 1 4,200 2 17型CRT 2 4,200 3 ノー トPC 1 3,150 4 ノートPC 2 3,150 5 ノー トPC 3 3,150 6 デスクトッ プPC 1 3,150 7 デスクトッ プPC 2 3,150 8 フルタワーケース 1 3,150 9 フルタワーケース 2 3,150 10 14型CRT TV 1,785 11 プリン タ1 600 12 プリン タ2 600 13 ビデオデッキ1 300 14 ビデオデッキ2 300 15 サブウーファー1 600 16 サブウーファー2 600 17 PS2 0
合計 35235
● 3万5千円の処分料が1万円以下に
パソコンファームの存在自体は、以前から知っていたが、利用するのは今回が初めてだ。その利用はいたって簡単で、リサイクルして欲しいものを三郷市にある同社に宅配便で送るだけだ。しかも、PCだとHDDや光学ドライブなどパーツがかけていても大丈夫だし、年式は問わない。それどころか、割れた液晶ディスプレイでも受け付けてくれるのである。こんなゴミ同然のものを送りつけて怒られないか心配になるくらいだが、大丈夫らしい。
板橋区で粗大ゴミを出すには、前もって電話かネットで予約して、指定した日に出す必要があるが、ここでは事前連絡等は一切不要で、ただ送るだけでいい。つまり、ユーザーは送料だけでPCを廃棄できるのだ。
筆者の自宅の板橋区から三郷市までPCやディスプレイを送るのにかかる送料はおおざっぱに言って1個1,800円程度。これが9個あるので、1万5千円前後ということで、リサイクル費用よりは1万5千円程度安くあげられることになる。
だが、パソコンファームでは持ち込みも受け付けている。レンタカーを借りると、さらに安く上げられる。筆者の場合、ワンボックスのライトバンを使い、レンタル料は約9,000円だった。
そして、パソコンファームでは、PCに限らずTVやDVDプレーヤー、エアコン、エレキギターなど、幅広い電化製品も受け付けている。詳細については、同社のサイトを見てもらいたいが、上述の表にある11～17もその対象に含まれるので、粗大ゴミには出さず、ここに持ち込むことにした。
こうして、廃棄にかかる料金を3万5千円から9千円にまで下げることができた。
●ただ宅配便で送るか自分で持ち込むかの手軽さ
今回、パソコンファームが取材に応じてくれたので、持ち込みの手順や、リサイクル現場などをここに紹介しよう。
当然、取材することもあり、事前に時間を決めた上で訪問したが、通常、不要品を持ち込むだけなら、宅配便で送るのと同様、事前連絡は不要だ(ただし日曜は非対応)。ここで必要な作業は、荷物を下ろすと何を何台持ち込んだかその場でリストを作ってくれるので、その譲渡契約書に住所・氏名などを書くだけ。PC
2～3台くらいなら5分とかからない。何とも手軽だ。
PCの廃棄においては、データの流出が心配になる。とはいえ、事前に自分で専用ソフトを使ってデータを消すのが面倒なのも事実。パソコンファームでは、強磁気ディスクデータ消去機と物理的ハードディスク破壊機を用意し、物理的破壊以外は無料でデータを消去し、その証明書も発行してくれるので心配ない。また、パソコンファームではPCの内部構成についての対応はかなり柔軟で、HDDなど部品が欠けた状態でも引き取ってくれるので、HDDだけは自分で破壊して燃えないゴミに出してしまうという手もある。
さて、普通にゴミとして処分するとお金のかかる作業を、パソコンファームではなぜ無料で引き受けてくれるのか?
同社では再資源化か再利用により利益を生み出している。
たとえば故障したPCの場合、そのままでは無価値だが、メモリやマザーボードなどを分解することで、レアメタルを採集できる。また、プラスチックや紙も再資源化できる。
完動PCの場合、OSを入れ直したりすることで、再販するものもある。これが再利用だ。当然、ここに送られてくるPCの多くは、古いものであり、誰が買うのかと思うかも知れないが、PC-9801やX68000などはビンテージ品としての価値があり、需要はあるのだという。また同社は海外への販路も持っており、古いPCだけでなく、CRTディスプレイなどもまだまだ海外では引き合いがあるそうだ。
同社で はPCだけで1日300～500台を受け入れており、再資源化と再利用の割合はおよそ半々。個人と企業では個人利用の方が多いという。やはり、PCリサイクル法の施行から利用が増えているそうだ。
ちなみに、持ち込まれ るPCの中には、なん とCore 2 DuoやCore 2 Extreme搭載機もあるのだという。同社スタッフは「人にとってはゴミでも、うちにとっては宝」と話すが、さすがにこれだけ新しく、高価なCPUをポイポイと捨ててしまうのは、考え物だと思う。
なお、同社では宅配便による発送および持ち込み以外に、専用車をチャーターしての訪問回収も受け付けている。これは、距離や量によって料金が変わるし、同じ距離や量でも1階から運び出すのと、エレベーターのない5階から運び出すのとでは料金が変わる。つまり、引っ越し業者に頼むととほぼ同じだ。そのため、そのあたりを知らせないと料金は出せないが、今回の筆者の場合(ハイエースほぼ1台分を板橋から)だと、目安として2万5千円程度になる。手間をかけたくないという人には向いているだろう。
●財布にも地球にも優しいサービス
このように、パソコンファームの利用は本当に手軽だ。あまりに手軽すぎるので、不安になって本当に送っていいのかという問い合わせも少なくないようだが、受け入れ対応品なら事前連絡なしに送りつけて構わない。対応リストにも非対応リストにも入ってないものの場合は、電話かメールで問い合わせてくれば教えてくれる。
送料以外は無料で、処分したものは、何らかの形でリサイクルされるため、財布にも地球にも優しい。自作PCユーザーは、このサービスの存在を覚えておくといいだろう。
Pop by the BuildBot waterfall page and make sure that the source tree is open .
If the top of the waterfall says " closed , " there may be compiler or test failures after you download the code .
Since you wo n't be prevented from downloading that code , it 's best to wait until the tree is open .
One of the great things about the waterfall page is that it really gives you a sense of the progress of the project .
" We put everything out and in the open , " Gr?nberg told Ars .
" You can see it on the tree . "
This page , which automatically updates , shows enhancements in real time .
Point your browser at the ( beta ) grid view to see even more details about specific fixes .
With an open tree , navigate to your Chromium source directory and sync to the current repository by issuing gclient sync .
This may take a while , especially if it 's your first time syncing .
So be prepared to wait .
While you wait , you can stop by the Mac Detailed Status page to see what 's new with OS X development progress , or you can hit Pinkerton 's blog , which recently has had several updates .
Google pushes out updates fairly frequently , so be aware that things can and do change .
Within a day or so of checking out revision 9852 , Google was up to 9944 .
A half hour later , they were up to 9945 .
And yes , those revisions apply to all versions , not just the OS X one .
All base Chrome enhancements are inherited by the OS X build .
When you sync to the current build , you receive not only the latest OS X - specific updates but also those cross-platform ones that grow the Chrome project as a whole .
You 'll find the Xcode project ( all.xcodeproj ) in the src / build folder in your Chromium source .
To build the project , all you have to do is open it in Xcode and click build .
Once again , be prepared to wait .
It took many hours to build on a Mac mini and brought the machine repeatedly to its knees .
Looking at Chrome
When looking at Chrome , it 's important to keep in mind how early things are in the process .
Even several days after Pinkerton published his first OS X pictures , the version available to third parties could not load webpages , and pressing buttons remained more or less a click of death for the program .
What you got was a window that could open tabs , and that was about it .
The late March build , which I have placed on my personal FTP site as a dmg , does far more , but even so it still shows how early things are in the project .
You can keep track of the latest OS X news by following the Mac Detailed Status page .
The Google engineers regularly update this page to show the latest goals and progress for OS X Chrome .
In late March , the team was working on the plug - in design document and weighing the challenges of providing Webkit plugins with a sandboxed renderer .
I asked Google about breaking out of the browser to offer stand - alone web applications .
They told me that although this is currently on their to - do list and that their design documents specify a stand - alone app mode , that it 's simply one of the features that is going to be delayed until they deliver a stable browser on all three target platforms : Windows , Linux , and OS X .
What 's next
So when will Chrome OS X debut ?
" We 're working as fast as possible and progressing as fast as we can without compromising security , " Karen Gr?nberg told Ars.
Although Google will not specify a target date , they assured us that they would be " very surprised " and " very unhappy " if fall came and went without a public beta .
In the meantime , Google welcomes contributions to their open source project .
I asked the team if they had any messages to the OS X community as a whole , and they responded with great enthusiasm .
" Tell them we 're coming !
We 've got a great Mac app here and we want Mac users to love it ! "
Gr?nberg reminded me that Google wants to engage the OS X community in their open source effort .
You can get involved in a variety of ways :
By testing the software and filing bugs
By subscribing to the Chromium - Dev
Google Groups mailing list
Google Groups mailing list
By adopting a bug or two and contributing patches
By stopping by to chat in the #chromium IRC chatroom on irc.freenode.net
The how - to in this post should empower you to keep on top of the latest OS X Chrome developments .
You 've seen how to set up the source , keep it up to date and , if you have a fast Mac and time to burn , build the application .
You 've learned about the up - to - the - moment websites that keep track of the development team 's status .
In the end , you do n't have to wait on Chrome .
If you have the desire and the curiosity , you can keep on top of the development effort today and get a bird 's eye view of progress as it happens in real time .
The ruling Thursday by District Judge Joel Novak does not legalize medical marijuana in Iowa .
Instead , it requires the pharmacy board to consider whether marijuana is properly classified as a Schedule I controlled substance under state law .
Lloyd Jessen , executive director of the pharmacy board , said he did not want to comment on the ruling until he and other board members had a chance to discuss it with their lawyer .
To be classified as a Schedule I substance , among the most tightly regulated drugs under state law , a drug must be shown to have a high potential for abuse and no safe medical use within the United States .
Proponents of medical marijuana contend that by listing the drug under Schedule I , the state is implying that the drug has no acceptable medical use .
Forcing the board to acknowledge marijuana 's use in medicine would be a symbolic victory that could force lawmakers to address the issue more seriously , Wilson said .
Last summer , a group including the ACLU petitioned the pharmacy board to remove the drug from the Schedule I classification .
The board ruled against the petition in October and the ACLU appealed .
Novak 's ruling stipulates that the board must now review the classification and decide whether the drug has a safe medical application .
If the drug does have a safe medical use , the board can recommend that the Iowa Legislature reclassify it , Wilson said .
Marijuana can now be used under medical supervision in at least 13 states to battle nausea , pain and other symptoms brought on by diseases such as cancer and AIDS , the ACLU says .
" The pharmacy board has been saying , ' We should wait for the feds to do something . ' but the law does n't say to wait , " Wilson said .
" We 're trying to unfreeze the issue and open up the debate . "
Earlier this year , state Sen .
Joe Bolkcom , D - Iowa City , proposed a bill that would have legalized medical marijuana in Iowa .
The bill died for lack of support .
The bill called for creating not - for - profit organizations known as " compassion centers " that would cultivate and distribute marijuana for qualified patients .
" I 'm pleased with the court 's decision , " Bolkcom said Friday .
" I think having the pharmacy board review the classification brings the issue forward again in an important way . "
Source : Des Moines Register ( IA )
Author : Chase Davis
Published : April 25 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 The Des Moines Register
Contact : cdavis@dmreg.com
Website : http://desmoinesregister.com
Website : http://drugsense.org/url/0eglryYQ
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
Netbooks and other small form - factor computing devices are growing in popularity .
These low - budget products are looking increasingly relevant in the current economy and are attracting consumers who are looking for better value and mobility .
This trend offers a unique chance for the open source Linux platform — which is well - suited for netbooks and does n't add any licensing costs — to gain some much - needed traction .
Vista is too demanding for netbook hardware , so Microsoft has chosen to extend the lifespan of Windows XP in order to stave off broader Linux use on low - end mobile hardware .
This provides a window of opportunity for Linux to get a meaningful foothold in the market — an achievement that has perpetually eluded the free operating system — while Microsoft is prepping Windows 7 , which is said to be more netbook - friendly than Vista .
The folks at Microsoft , however , contend that they have already won .
In a triumphant blog entry posted earlier this month , Microsoft blogger Brandon LeBlanc asserts that Redmond has dominated the netbook space .
Citing the latest NPD retail tracking reports , he says that Windows netbook marketshare has grown to 96 percent .
He also suggests that high return rates for Linux netbooks are a sign that consumers overwhelmingly prefer Windows .
" Not only are people overwhelmingly buying Windows , but those that try Linux are often returning it .
Both MSI — a leading netbook PC OEM — and Canonical — the vendor supporting the commercial distribution of Ubuntu Linux — stated publicly they saw Linux return rates 4 times higher than Windows , " he wrote .
" Why such a disparity ?
Because users simply expect the Windows experience .
When they realize their Linux - based netbook PC does n't deliver that same quality of experience , they get frustrated and take it back . "
Although it sounds like Linux is out of the match , Microsoft 's message does n't entirely reflect reality .
LeBlanc strategically omitted some relevant contextual information in his recitation of the NPD statistics .
Specifically , the NPD study only counts sales from brick - and - mortar retail stores and does n't include Internet purchases , which make up a very significant chunk of computer sales .
His statements about Canonical , the company behind the popular Ubuntu Linux distribution , are also misleading .
It is unclear to me how he can cite Canonical in reference to MSI return rates , as MSI 's Linux - based Wind netbooks ship with Novell 's SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop ( SLED ) , not with Canonical 's Ubuntu Linux distribution .
Chris Kenyon , Canonical 's OEM services head , took issue with this error .
Kenyon wrote a response in the official Canonical blog .
He says that LeBlanc 's characterization of Linux as unpopular on netbooks is an " oversimplification " and he criticizes Microsoft for erroneously contending that Canonical has confirmed MSI 's return rate statistics .
" Continually repeating that we ' confirmed ' a 4 x return over XP when we did nothing of the sort is really not worthy of a great company like Microsoft .
If we are going to compete , let 's do it on real facts and actual statements , " he wrote .
He says that roughly one third of Dell Mini 9 buyers opted for the Linux - based model instead of the one running Windows XP .
Last year , when we explored the reasons behind the high return rate of the SLED - powered MSI Wind , we talked with Nat Friedman , Novell 's chief Linux technology officer , who said that he was not aware of the actual return rate .
We discovered that much of the consumer dissatisfaction with the MSI netbooks was caused by configuration errors that are attributable to MSI .
The laptop maker shipped the machines without proper configuration for hardware features like the webcam and WiFi .
Friedman suggested that technical problems of this nature are inevitable in what is arguably the first large - scale Linux rollout .
Indeed , technical problems of this nature are not entirely isolated to MSI .
I ran into a few problems — though nothing quite of that magnitude — with my Linux - based Dell Mini 9 .
It seems that one major impediment for Linux adoption in the netbook market is that the OEMs have n't entirely figured out the platform yet .
Linux on consumer - oriented devices is still relatively new to them , whereas they have seven years of experience dealing with Windows XP configuration challenges .
This does give Microsoft an edge in the netbook market , albeit not quite one of the extent that LeBlanc wants people to believe .
It 's too early to count Linux out , but the platform will clearly face tough challenges if it continues to edge towards mainstream acceptance .
Major players like Intel are making large investments in order to boost Linux 's viability on netbook devices .
Intel 's next - generation , Linux - based Moblin platform , for example , is designed to provide top - notch performance and hardware compatibility on Atom - based netbooks .
A large number of Linux distributors are adopting Moblin and intend to use it as the basis of their netbook distros .
Initiatives like the Moblin project , which will make it easier for hardware vendors to deploy Linux on netbook devices , can help ensure that the open source operating system remains competitive in the netbook market .
Further reading
by | |
With the discovery of a new and deadly flu virus in Mexico that might become a worldwide pandemic , I wanted to familiarize myself with the terminology used and bandied about so much in the media .
This is the flu naming conventions such as H1N1 or H5N1 strains we are starting to hear so much about .
( By the way , this qualifies for armscontrolwonk.com because the public health response to a pandemic is the same whether or not it is caused by human action . )
So here is a quick tutorial on Flu Terminology that I ’ve learned :
Flu viruses are categorized by two surface molecules : the neuraminidase ( from which the N comes from ) and the haemagglutinin molecules ( where we get the H ) .
Neuraminidase and haemagglutinin are characterized by the response of antibodies to them .
For human influenza viruses the convention is :
— all those in circulation before 1957 are termed H1N1 viruses
— those arising between 1957 and 1968 are known as H2N2
— those present since 1968 ( and not previously named ) are known as H3N2 ( my reference material dates from 2002 so perhaps more have arisen . )
Other strains , such as H5N1 , are not originally human viruses though the big danger is that they will jump from birds , swine , or horses to humans .
Neuraminidase has been described as a “ mushroom ” shaped molecule but with a square head attached to a long thin stalk .
It is associated with the release of viruses produced in a host cell .
In fact , neuraminidase specific antibodies will prevent their release but will not prevent the original infection of the cell .
There are five separate sites on the neuraminidase molecule that antibodies bind to .
A single amino acid change at any of these sites makes the virus invisible to the antibodies that had previously attached quite well .
Hemagglutinin is a triangular rod-shaped molecule and is associated with the virus ’ binding sites in the host organism .
For instance , human and swine haemagglutinin prefer one type of receptor molecules and bird flu viruses prefer a different one .
Interestingly , if a cell is infected with two different flu viruses ( such as H1N1 and H2N2 ) then the virus genetic material can be rearranged in the cell so that the released viruses include mixes like H1N2 and H2N1 surface molecules .
Most of this information comes from the various papers in “ Influenza ” edited by C.W. Potter .
If I ’ve made any mistakes , I ’m sure biologically oriented wonk - readers will let me know and correct the errors in the comments .
[ Geoff takes pains to justify his post about pandemic influenza , but this is a topic we have discussed before .
Pandemic influenza is the sort of non-deliberate threat threat that requires “ cooperation between potential enemies ” , a solution set that encompasses the canonical definition of arms control — Jeffrey ]
Great tool , and I 've been using it for years , but the latest firefox update has broken it yet again . :(
Getting the dreaded : WoaS : Unable to save file ...
Your browser might not be supported , please report a bug with your UserAgent string : Mozilla / 5.0 ( Windows NT 5.1 ; rv:23.0 ) Gecko/ 20100101 Firefox /23.0
The original devs seem to have disappeared , but I read a while back of someone working on a fork project from this one .
Unfortunately I can't find the site anymore .
All WoaS needs is some occasional support to keep up with the perpetual " security " fixes in all the browsers .
Retour sur cette superbe démonstration de Vfx et de motion design , très bien mise en scène sur le titre du groupe M83 : « We Own The Sky » .
Un mélange de trapcodes et de particules , dirigé par David Altobelli .
A découvrir en haute définition dans la suite .
Vidéo dans le cadre du concours M83 / Youtube parmis les 84 participations .
Advertisements
Former Bush press secretary Dana Perino was in full spin mode yesterday in an interview with CBS ’s Chip Reid .
Perino accused President Obama of editing the statements of the Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair , while ignoring the fact that the Bush administration constantly edited statements and reports from scientists on the issue of climate change .
Here is the video :
Perino said , “ Dennis Blair , the current administration ’s DNI also said that this information helped us prevent terrorist attacks .
He said that he did n’t know if back then he would have approved it , but what he does know is that it gave us an intelligence stream .
It is very curious to me that they took that statement that he said to employees out of the press statement that they gave .
I was just thinking that if the Bush administration had done that , if we had editing somebody ’s statement to employees , and edited that out when we sent it out to the press , we probably would have been fending off calls for a special prosecutor , so there ’s a lot of double standards going on here . ”
Advertisements
Speaking of double standards , perhaps Dana Perino has forgotten about the Bush administration ’s manipulation and rewriting of climate change studies ?
According to a 2007 report by the House Oversight Committee , “ The White House exerted unusual control over the public statements of federal scientists on climate change issues .
It was standard practice for media requests to speak with federal scientists on climate change matters to be sent to CEQ for White House approval .
By controlling which government scientists could respond to media inquiries , the White House suppressed dissemination of scientific views that could conflict with Administration policies .
The White House also edited congressional testimony regarding the science of climate change . ”
Former Bush administration officials have no credibility when they criticize Obama .
Perino also made the outrageous statement that she never answered the torture question as press secretary , when the evidence shows that she did so at least four times .
The longer these faces from the Bush administration hang around and defend their actions , the worse things will get for the GOP .
With all these former Bushies on television all of the time , it feels like they have never gone away .
[ / caption ]
There ’s not a lot happening on the sun these days , at least in the sunspot department .
“ We ’re experiencing a very deep solar minimum , ” says solar physicist Dean Pesnell of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. In 2008 , no sunspots were observed on 266 of the year ’s 366 days ( 73 percent ) .
Sunspot counts for 2009 have dropped even lower , percentage - wise .
As of March 31st , there were no sunspots on 78 of the year ’s 90 days ( 87 percent ) .
Those who keep an eye on the sun say this is the quietest sun in almost a century .
So , what does this all mean ?
Sunspots are planet - sized islands of magnetism on the surface of the sun , and they are sources of solar flares , coronal mass ejections , and intense UV radiation .
The sun has a natural cycle of about 11 years of high and low sunspot activity .
This was discovered by German astronomer Heinrich Schwabe in the mid-1800s .
Plotting sunspot counts , Schwabe saw that peaks of solar activity were always followed by valleys of relative calm — a clockwork pattern that has held true for more than 200 years .
The current solar minimum is part of that pattern .
In fact , it ’s right on time .
But is it supposed to be this quiet ?
Measurements by the Ulysses spacecraft reveal a 20 percent drop in solar wind pressure since the mid-1990s — the lowest point since such measurements began in the 1960s .
The solar wind helps keep galactic cosmic rays out of the inner solar system .
With the solar wind flagging , more cosmic rays penetrate the solar system , resulting in increased health hazards for astronauts .
Weaker solar wind also means fewer geomagnetic storms and auroras on Earth .
Careful measurements by several NASA spacecraft have also shown that the sun ’s brightness has dimmed by 0.02 percent at visible wavelengths and a whopping 6 percent at extreme UV wavelengths since the solar minimum of 1996 .
Radio telescopes are recording the dimmest “ radio sun ” since 1955 .
All these lows have sparked a debate about whether the ongoing minimum is extreme or just an overdue correction following a string of unusually intense solar maxima .
“ Since the Space Age began in the 1950s , solar activity has been generally high , ” said forecaster David Hathaway of NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center .
“ Five of the ten most intense solar cycles on record have occurred in the last 50 years .
We ’re just not used to this kind of deep calm . ”
Deep calm was fairly common a hundred years ago .
The solar minima of 1901 and 1913 , for instance , were even longer than what we ’re experiencing now .
To match those minima in depth and longevity , the current minimum will have to last at least another year .
In a way , the calm is exciting , says Pesnell .
“ For the first time in history , we ’re getting to observe a deep solar minimum . ”
A fleet of spacecraft — including the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory ( SOHO ) , the twin probes of the Solar Terrestrial Relations Observatory ( STEREO ) , and several other satellites — are all studying the sun and its effects on Earth .
Using technology that did n’t exist 100 years ago , scientists are measuring solar winds , cosmic rays , irradiance and magnetic fields and finding that solar minimum is much more interesting than anyone expected .
Modern technology cannot , however , predict what comes next .
Competing models by dozens of solar physicists disagree , sometimes sharply , on when this solar minimum will end and how big the next solar maximum will be .
The great uncertainty stems from one simple fact :
No one fully understands the underlying physics of the sunspot cycle .
And the only thing scientists can do it to keep watching .
Pesnell believes sunspot counts should pick up again soon , “ possibly by the end of the year , ” to be followed by a solar maximum of below - average intensity in 2012 or 2013 .
Source : NASA
MUGGED : Some of our other favorite booking photos
JUNE 25 -- Meet Dion Milam .
The 30 - year - old California inmate may be the scariest looking criminal TSG has ever seen .
Milam , who wears " Aryan " and " Honor " tattoos above his eyebrows and a swastika tat on his neck , was charged yesterday in a methamphetamine case ( his brother - in - law allegedly tried to mail the drug into the Stanislaus County Jail , where Milam is being held on a murder charge ) .
This mug shot was taken earlier this year following Milam 's arrest in the murder case .
Milam , who pulled a gun on sheriff 's deputies , got roughed up a bit as he resisted arrest .
( 1 page )
I go blah blah blah .
You go ha ha ha .
In the seven and a half years since September 11 , the United States has witnessed one of the greatest expansions of executive authority in its history , at the expense of the constitutionally mandated separation of powers .
President Obama , as only the third sitting senator to be elected president in American history , and the first since John F. Kennedy , may be more likely to respect the separation of powers than President Bush was .
But rather than put my faith in any president to restrain the executive branch , I intend to take several concrete steps , which I hope the new president will support .
First , I intend to introduce legislation that will mandate Supreme Court review of lower court decisions in suits brought by the ACLU and others that challenge the constitutionality of the warrantless wiretapping program authorized by President Bush after September 11 .
While the Supreme Court generally exercises discretion on whether it will review a case , there are precedents for Congress to direct Supreme Court review on constitutional issues — including the statutes forbidding flag burning and requiring Congress to abide by federal employment laws — and I will follow those .
Second , I will reintroduce legislation to keep the courts open to suits filed against several major telephone companies that allegedly facilitated the Bush administration ’s warrantless wiretapping program .
Although Congress granted immunity to the telephone companies in July 2008 , this issue may yet be successfully revisited since the courts have not yet ruled on the legality of the immunity provision .
My legislation would substitute the government as defendant in place of the telephone companies .
This would allow the cases to go forward , with the government footing the bill for any damages awarded .
Further , I will reintroduce my legislation from 2006 and 2007 ( the “ Presidential Signing Statements Act ” ) to prohibit courts from relying on , or deferring to , presidential signing statements when determining the meaning of any Act of Congress .
These statements , sometimes issued when the president signs a bill into law , have too often been used to undermine congressional intent .
Earlier versions of my legislation went nowhere because of the obvious impossibility of obtaining two - thirds majorities in each house to override an expected veto by President Bush .
Nevertheless , in the new Congress , my legislation has a better chance of mustering a majority vote and being signed into law by President Obama .
To understand why these steps are so important , one must appreciate an imbalance in our “ checks and balances ” that has become increasingly evident in recent years .
I witnessed firsthand , during many of the battles over administration policy since September 11 , how difficult it can be for Congress and the courts to rally their members against an overzealous executive .
1 .
The Terrorist Surveillance Program — Act …
In 1992 , Lt. Col. Gotabhaya Rajapaksa retired from the Army after two decades in uniform .
A year later , he moved to Los Angeles and began working in IT .
In 2001 , he heard President Bush declare that " you 're either with us or against us " in the global war on terror .
Mr. Rajapaksa did n't need convincing .
The decorated officer – today Sri Lanka 's defense secretary – had long ago concluded that his own country 's fight against extremism , which broke into civil war in 1983 , required a military solution by a united front .
" The lesson that I have learned is that peace talks will never go anywhere ....
Tell me a place where this has worked , " he says .
After a massive buildup of troops and equipment , Sri Lanka appears on the verge of victory against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam .
If successful , It will have succeeded where others in the region , such as India and Pakistan , have failed in putting down an armed rebellion by force .
Behind Sri Lanka's war machine is Chinese military hardware , foreign intelligence sharing , and a focus on military professionalism .
" They 've insulated the way the Army operates .
It 's purely military logic , " says a Western diplomat in Colombo .
The government has also tried to clamp down on LTTE overseas funding , with limited success .
While the United States has frozen two Tamil charities as terrorist fronts , European countries have dragged their feet , say Sri Lankan officials .
To its supporters , including exiled Sri Lankan Tamils , the LTTE are freedom fighters .
That view had sympathy in India , home to more than 60 million Tamils , and in the West , whose governments sought to bring the warring sides to the negotiating table , most recently in 2002 .
But a hardening of global opinion against the kind of violent tactics used by the LTTE has emboldened Sri Lanka to revive its own war on terror .
Its chief architect is Rajapaksa , who returned as defense secretary after his elder brother , Mahinda , won the presidency in 2005 .
Sri Lanka 's allies were skeptical that it could take on the Tigers , says foreign secretary Palitha Kohone .
A Swedish general who had commanded NATO forces in Bosnia and who led a cease - fire monitoring mission to Sri Lanka told him they had no chance .
Other diplomats here shared this gloomy view .
" We did n't expect the LTTE to collapse so soon .
They 'd built such a reputation for themselves as being invincible , " says Mr. Kohone , a former UN diplomat .
That reputation was sustained by generous funding from Sri Lanka 's Tamil diaspora , who live mostly in Canada and Britain and are estimated to number about 800,000 .
Many fled the country after anti-Tamil riots in 1983 and are loyal backers of the LTTE 's fight for self - rule .
Exiles also show up in the opposite camp .
Gotabhaya Rajapaksa is a US citizen after 12 years there .
Army Chief Gen. Sarath Fonseka holds a green card .
Researchers point out that just as exiled Sri Lankan Tamils often cling to hard - line positions on homeland politics , so do those in the majority Sinhalese community , like Rajapaksa .
And , in a mirror of the LTTE 's fundraising , Sri Lanka 's Central Bank has begun selling " Patriotic Diaspora Bonds " to support postwar reconstruction .
War on terror 's other front : critics
The success on the battlefield has been shadowed by another campaign , that of clamping down on critics of the war .
Since 2006 , attacks on Sri Lanka 's media have spiked , and a once - vibrant civil society has been largely muted .
Last week , a Tamil newspaper editor was arrested and accused of links to the LTTE .
In January , the outspoken editor of an opposition newspaper was shot dead in Colombo , the capital .
As defense secretary , Rajapaksa has equated criticism with treason , and he makes no apologies for silencing anyone who undermines the fight against terrorism .
" You can't win a military campaign without the public support .
You can be a genius or a hard person or whatever , but you can't win unless you have the public support , " he says .
Sri Lanka 's authoritarian tilt comes as the Obama administration tries to redefine its fight against militancy and lift the lid on the cost of war , in terms of spending and lives .
By contrast , officials here refuse to update casualty figures or reveal details of a roughly $ 1.6 billion military budget .
The war and the global downturn have squeezed the nation 's finances , forcing it into talks on an International Monetary Fund bailout .
China and Pakistan are the military 's largest suppliers of arms .
In 2007 , Congress halted US military aid to Sri Lanka over its human rights record .
However , the US and India have supplied intelligence on LTTE ship movements , which has helped Sri Lanka choke off illegal arms imports .
South Asia is home to many insurgencies that have resisted military solutions , from communist rebels in India to Islamic militants in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
' Deep wounds and scars ' for Tamils
Critics say the emphasis on crushing the LTTE comes at the expense of a political solution to longstanding grievances .
They warn that a triumphant government could renege on past promises to devolve power to the Tamil - speaking north , spawning another generation of alienated youth .
" I do n't think a people can be beaten down by force .
What has been happening in the latest military operation has left deep wounds and scars in the minds of young Tamils , " says R. Sampanthan , an opposition lawmaker .
Government officials argue that political reform can only happen after the fighting stops .
They point to provincial elections held last year in the east , which the LTTE surrendered in 2007 , as proof of their intent .
In that vote , an LTTE defector was elected as chief minister .
The removal of the LTTE may open up space for political alternatives in Tamil communities , says Alan Keenan , a senior analyst in Colombo for the International Crisis Group .
" But that requires the government to let Tamils speak freely , to hear them and to respond , even if they criticize government policies .
That 's what they 've yet to prove willing to do , " he says .
President Rajapaksa is expected to call early elections this year to capitalize on the war 's popularity .
His coalition relies on right - wing Sinhalese parties that oppose concessions to Tamils .
A personal mandate could give him room to be bold , says Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu , director of the Center for Policy Alternatives in Colombo .
" Mahinda Rajapaksa has a unique opportunity to go down in history as a grand unifier of the country , to fashion a coalition that forges a political settlement along devolved , power - sharing lines , " he says .
Mandatory Minimum Sentencing in the News • June 17 , 2011 : States cut drug penalties as Canada toughens them After more than 20 years of the war on drugs , more than a dozen U.S. states are reducing penalties for many drug offences .
The move away from mandatory minimum sentences without any chance of parole comes as states struggle to cover the costs of overcrowded prisons in the midst of tough economic times .
Republicans and Democrats alike have also recognized weaknesses in their tough - on - crime , one - size - fits - all sentences .
That 's different from Canada , where the Conservative government has started toughening sentencing and imposing mandatory minimums for a number of crimes .
• June 16 , 2011 : Call Off the Global Drug War By JIMMY CARTER
NY Times , Op - Ed Contributor
Some of this increase has been caused by mandatory minimum sentencing and “ three strikes you ’re out ” laws .
But about three - quarters of new admissions to state prisons are for nonviolent crimes .
And the single greatest cause of prison population growth has been the war on drugs , with the number of people incarcerated for nonviolent drug offenses increasing more than twelvefold since 1980 .
Not only has this excessive punishment destroyed the lives of millions of young people and their families ( disproportionately minorities ) , but it is wreaking havoc on state and local budgets .
Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger pointed out that , in 1980 , 10 percent of his state ’s budget went to higher education and 3 percent to prisons ; in 2010 , almost 11 percent went to prisons and only 7.5 percent to higher education .
• June 13 , 2011 : Mandatory Minimum Terms for Cannabis Cultivation : How Crazy are the Harper Conservatives ?
There is a very real sense in which we - or at least the Tories - are operating without a shred of science on our side .
Why are they doing this ?
The costs of jailing marijuana cultivators will soar into the billions of dollars within a few years - and it will be the provinces , not the federal government , that will have to pay for the construction and operation of these new provincial facilities .
Why have the provinces been so silent ?
Are they looking to create prison industries in rural areas of their jurisdictions , shoring up longstanding unemployment , and potentially converting these voters to their cause ?
Do they not care about the costs and the consequences of putting thousands of non-violent offenders in jail ?
Could this money not be better spent on health care , or other more useful collective endeavours ?
• June 2 , 2011 : Canada ’s utterly failed drug policy [ National Post editorial board ]
" And yet , shockingly , a Conservative Canadian government , which purports to understand capitalism , proposes to re-introduce legislation that would impose mandatory minimum sentences for small - scale marijuana growers .
This ridiculous policy seems designed to keep the trade in the hands of criminal lowlifes , who police can then pursue and hopefully catch and prosecute — if there ’s room in a courtroom and a judge is free some time in the next seven years , that is .
• June 2 , 2011 : War on drugs ‘ a failure , ’ international panel declares
Globe and Mail A high - powered panel of former heads of states and United Nations officials says it is time for governments to find new ways to deal with the world ’s drug problem
“ The fact is that the war on drugs is a failure , ” former Brazilian president Fernando Henrique Cardoso said Thursday at the unveiling of a report by the Global Commission on Drug Policy .
Along with Mr. Cardoso , the commission includes former Colombian president Cesar Gaviria , former Mexican president Ernesto Zedillo , former U.S. secretary of state George Shultz , former UN secretary - general Kofi Annan and Canadian Louise Arbour , the former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights .
• May 21 , 2011 : Crime and punishment : Inside the Tories ’ plan to overhaul the justice system
National Post Among the more controversial aspects of the bundle is mandatory minimum sentences .
Minimum sentences are hardly new to the Criminal Code , and they are hardly partisan — the previous Liberal government imposed mandatory minimums on several child - exploitation offences .
But the Conservative omnibus bill will dramatically expand them , limiting judicial discretion to levels unseen before .
...
" The legislation is more based on punishment than prevention , and that 's dramatically new , " said Errol Mendes , a professor of constitutional and international law at the University of Ottawa .
" It 's one of the most punishment - focused [ agendas ] in Canadian history . " • May 14 , 2011 : Drug prohibition is dumb on crime
by Conrad Black and Dr. Evan Wood - National Post Here in Canada , this thinking is the basis for proposed federal mandatory minimum sentencing legislation .
Unfortunately , like archaic cultures that clung to the belief that the Earth was flat , those who support mandatory minimum sentences for drug crimes are willfully ignorant of the near universal consensus that mandatory minimum sentences are both extremely costly and ineffective .
• May 13 , 2011 : MP Blake Richards obediently champions Conservative " 100 days " Omnibus crime bill
" Our goal : Safer street within the first 100 days "
Wild Rose Report : A column by MP Blake Richards
Canadians have waited long enough for these measures .
We promised during the election that a majority Conservative government would bundle and pass into law our outstanding and delayed justice bills within Parliament ’s first 100 days and that is just what we intend to do .
This comprehensive legislation will include new measures that will : crack down on organized drug crime ; < snip >
MP Richards also uses his column to spread misinformation about opposition parties stalling Conservative crime bills in the past Many of our government ’s bills faced co-ordinated obstruction by opposition parties who are apologists for criminals .
• April 7 , 2011 : Conservative majority would hustle crime bills into law all at once Stephen Harper is promising a majority Conservative government would bundle all the law - and - order legislation it ’s been trying pass into one omnibus bill and pass it within 100 days of taking power .
This omnibus bill would include Bill S - 10 , misleadingly referred to in the article as a legislation to , " Crack down on organized drug crime . "
• March 25 , 2011 : The Conservative Cabinet was found to be in contempt of Parliament FOR NOT REVEALING THE FULL COSTS OF THE CRIME BILLS and then lost a confidence motion .
Many of the bills that were in progress died when the government fell .
Bill S - 10 was one of them .
CONTEMPT OF PARLIAMENT
The Speaker of the House of Commons , Peter Milliken , ruled that the Conservative cabinet was in contempt of Parliament for withholding cost estimates over its prison - building program .
The Conservative government refused to release details of the prison - building costs to a parliamentary committee .
This , says Speaker Milliken goes to the core role of MPs which is to hold the executive branch of government – Cabinet and the Prime Minister – to account for its actions .
By being denied relevant financial figures Parliament cannot fulfil its role as an overseer of government spending .
Mr. Milliken writes that , “ This is a serious matter that goes to the heart of the House ’s undoubted role in holding the government to account . ”
A Vancouver Sun editorial commented : “ For any government to be found in contempt of Parliament would be an affront to all Canadians .
For one led by a prime minister who ran on a platform of openness and accountability , as Harper did , doubly so . ”
I live in the Washington Heights part of New York City .
At about 7:30 am a loud bang happened in my door and about 12 agents proceeded to shout POLICE , OPEN THE DOOR !!!!!
I looked through the peephole and saw that they were ready to just BREAK into my apartment so I opened the door .... they promptly proceeded to handcuff me ( at this point I am almost naked and wearing nothing but boxers ) , and did the same with my roomate .
They sat both of us in our living room ( handcuffed , half - naked , and asked us questions about our identity and whether we knew some kind of fugitive ( they showed us a picture of someone neither of us had ever seen ) .... after supposedly looking us up in their database we came out as clean .... so they just said " thank you for your patience we did a mistake " I tried to ask for more information but they just said " we are looking for a fugitive " and thats why we did this ... and then left the place ....
Washington heights has been notorious for drug activities in the past but I think that this is no reason for cops not to do their homework and barge into my place .
This could have easily been avoided if they would have just looked up my name and found out more about me ... for they did not bother searching my apartment after finding out who I was they left ...... both me and my roomate feel hurt and " targetted " we are the only single , colored males living in our building , he is gay and i am straight but both of us attended ivy league schools ( and decided to move uptown to save $ $ $ ) , are fully and gainfully employed and just do not fit the mold of a criminal .
The cops did not harm us in any way nor they damaged any of my things but it was very humiliating to be naked AND handcuffed in your own living room full of strangers when I have done nothing .
I cannot help but think that a simple search towards my background ( or my roomates ) or a simple stake out outside of my apartment would have accomplished whatever they were trying to do when they came into my spot .
This was absolutely NOT necessary but I dont know if we should complain , who to complain to in the first place , or if we should just " suck it up " and keep on living our lifes .........
My Apartment was ( wrongly ) raided by the bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and explosives .... About 12 agents with bulletproofs vests came into my apartment and handcuffed me and my roomate , then promptly left the place when they found out they did wrong .
I feel angered , offended and disillusioned by our system .
Is there anyway I can put in a complain of any sort to stop this from happening again ?
This is their website : http://www.atf.gov/
By Kim Griggs
in New Zealand
The breeding season coincides with the ripening of the kakapo's favourite fruit
One of the world 's rarest birds , New Zealand 's kakapo , is now not quite so rare thanks to the arrival of 34 kakapo chicks .
Those chicks , born over the past few months , take the world population of the flightless nocturnal parrot ( Strigops habroptilus ) to 125 .
In 1995 , kakapo numbers had dwindled to just 51 .
If we had n't taken the chicks off the island to hand raise them , a lot of them would have died
Nyia Strachan
New Zealand Department of Conservation
" It 's critically endangered but it's in a healthier position than it was a decade ago , " says Nyia Strachan , a communications officer at New Zealand 's Department of Conservation .
The prolific - by kakapo standards - breeding season was a combination of a group of females being mature enough to breed , and the prospect of a favourite kakapo food , rimu fruit .
Those factors prompted the usually solitary kakapo to perform their unusual courtship ceremony , where the male makes a particular low boom from the top of a hill .
It is a system of breeding known as " lek " and peculiar , in parrots , to the kakapo .
Fruit shortage
It was clearly successful .
But so many chicks were born that there was not enough ripe rimu fruit on the birds ' island home , which is known as both Whenua Hou and Codfish Island .
Twenty - one of the chicks are now being hand - reared in the nearby city of Invercargill .
" If we had n't taken the chicks off the island to hand raise them , a lot of them would have died , " says Ms Strachan .
Fat chicks : the youngest birds need up to 10 feeds per day Hand - rearing demands around - the - clock care from the kakapo team and many feeds .
The younger chicks need at least 10 feeds a day while the older ones are fed about five times a day .
For Don Merton , the renowned New Zealand conservationist who discovered the remnants of the kakapo population back in the 1970s and was intimately involved with their care for more than 30 years , the milestone of a population of 100 birds was " fantastic " .
" It could never have happened without lots and lots of people over decades giving it their everything , " says Mr Merton .
Long life Until 1973 , when 18 males were found in the rugged Fiordland area of New Zealand no one knew if the once - common kakapo still existed .
Finding a small population which included females on Stewart Island , an island off the southern coast of the South Island of New Zealand , gave conservationists hope .
This year 's crop of chicks has boosted a critically endangered population
Then , after years of painstaking effort , a large number of females born in 2002 helped ensure this year 's crop of chicks .
" Once they came on stream , once they matured , we knew we were going to have a very strong breeding lobby , " says Mr Merton .
" And it 's all happened this year . "
The next milestone , Ms Strachan says , is to have 100 of the long - lived bird that the kakapo team knows the age of .
" At the moment we have about 48 birds that we do n't know the age of , " she says .
" It would be great to have a strong , healthy population that we know the ages of . "
Mr Merton 's dream is for the kakapo population to reach 500 - and to be independent of the human help they now need to survive .
" They 'll need a lot of support for a long time yet , " says Mr Merton , " but they are on the way . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
During ten years surveying small mammal populations in Bolivia ’s cerrado , Dr. Louise Emmons with the Smithsonian Institute found that the mammals were suffering precipitous declines , even local extinctions .
After ruling out the usual suspects — local fires , rainfall , and flooding — Emmons formed a novel hypothesis regarding the decline .
Could a sudden lack of nighttime dew caused by the burning of the Amazon be the cause of the mammal decline ?
In the cerrado — a tropical region of grasslands and dry forest — Emmons watched as the Brazilian guinea pig Cavia aperea went locally extinct , and three other rodent species declined significantly : the South American giant rat Kunsia tomentosa , the Paraguayan Bolo mouse Necromys lenguarum , and the Huanchaca mouse Juscelinomys huanchacae .
Surveying two different areas in the cerrado , Emmons found a nearly 96 percent decline in small mammals , from a high point of 232 individuals surveyed to a low of ten .
In 2004 guinea pigs vanished entirely from the cerrado and have not returned .
Brazilian guinea pig with eartag just before the disappeared from study site .
Photo by : Louise Emmons .
“ Rodents everywhere quite normally undergo big changes in abundance , but numbers usually go up again following declines , ” Emmons told Mongabay.com .
“ In our study , the rodents did not recover their numbers , and an important species , guinea pigs , seemingly went completely extinct .
Often rodent abundances change with year - to - year changes in rainfall , but rainfall and other factors such as fire and flooding did not seem able to explain the decline that we saw . ”
Another change in the ecosystem , however , caught Emmon ’s eye .
“ When the study began in 1998 , we were soaked to the waist from dew on the grass , shoes squelching , each morning when checking savanna traps , ” she writes in a paper published in Biotropica .
“ In later years the morning grass was usually dry . ”
The sudden disappearance of nighttime dew coinciding with the rodent declines caused Emmons to wonder if the small mammals had depended either directly or indirectly on the dew .
“ We do not really know yet whether the small animals and plants need or use dewfall for survival during hot , dry weather , but it is a strong possibility , ” she says , describing her theory as an ‘ anecdotal hypothesis ’ which requires further research .
Heavy dew on morning grass .
Photo by : Louise Emmons .
According to Emmons the loss of nighttime dew is caused by the seasonal burning of the Amazon forest in nearby Brazil and biomass burning in Bolivia : “ smoke from biomass burning in the dry season was forming a blanket in the sky that was preventing the grassland from cooling down to the dewpoint at night , so that less dew was falling during dry months when no other water is available for the small animals and plants of the savanna . ”
Farmers and ranchers burn the Brazilian Amazon annually to make more room for agriculture and ranching .
According to satellite data , recent years have seen some of the worst fires in the Amazon .
Data collected by a Bolivian airport showed a direct correlation between weather changes in the cerrado and the seasonal burning in both the Brazilian Amazon and the Santa Cruz department of Bolivia .
The South American rat is endemic to the cerrado .
It suffered significant declines during the survey .
Photo by : Louise Emmons .
“ The records from the nearest airport to our study area show that visibility has decreased when deforestation increases in neighboring Brazil .
Smoke from burning is what causes decreased visibility , ” Emmons explains .
“ The weather data also shows that the average minimum temperature during the driest month ( July ) has gradually increased at the same airport .
The minimum temperature occurs at night and dew only can form when the temperature is low enough , so an increase in the nightly lowest temperature can prevent dewfall . ”
According to Emmons , an in - depth study of the connection between dew and small mammals is needed to determine the validity of her theory .
“ We really do not know much at all about the role that dew might play in the lives of tiny plants and animals in dry habitats , ” she admits .
“ Two of the mice that declined on our study area eat mainly insects , the other two eat plants .
Possibly dew could be important for the insects and plants , and not directly for the mice , but we do n’t know .
The plants might need dew , then the insects might need to eat those plants , then the mice need to eat those insects , then the maned wolves need to eat those mice . . . You see how it goes .
Or the mice might need to drink dew directly during hot , dry weeks – we saw a fox drinking dew by lapping it up from grass , but we have no information about the needs of the little creatures .
We need to study the whole cycle of dew formation , smoke , and temperature , and to get down on our hands and knees to study the chains of relationships hidden in the grass . ”
A relationship that is currently being studied by one of Emmons ’ students is how the disappearance of rodents has already affected one of the area ’s largest predators , the long - legged maned wolf .
The Brazilian guinea pig is one of the major food sources for the maned wolf in the cerrado .
Before their disappearance guinea pigs appeared in 80 percent of maned wolf scats , however after the decline the number of wolf scats including guinea pig dropped to zero .
Increasingly , maned wolves , who are omnivorous , are being forced into vegetarianism : in 2007 over half of the wolf ’s scats had no meat while four years earlier over 80 percent contained meat .
The maned wolf lost prey due to the mysterious disappearance of small mammals in the cerrado .
Smoke from seasonal burning can be seen behind the wolf .
Photo by : Louise Emmons .
“ The maned wolf seems to have become more frugivorous and are they having a hard time finding animal prey , as not only [ guinea pigs ] , but all savanna rodents seem to have drastically declined , ” Emmons says .
“ Reproduction has not been as successful – but as there could be many other reasons for this we are not sure that it is due to rodent declines . ”
If Emmons ’ hypothesis turns out to be correct , it would mean a new environmental factor for conservationists to take into account .
In addition , the theory may help explain other mysterious mammal declines .
“ Australian dry habitats have shown numerous declines and extinctions of small mammals while wetter habitats have not , ” Emmons points out .
“ Although introduced predators ( cats , foxes ) have likely caused many of the declines , some researchers do not think this can explain those in the Northern Territory , where it has also been shown that patterns of fire have changed , and visibility has decreased because of smoke .
I think it is worth taking a second look at what is happening in northern Australia and in other regions with strong dry seasons . ”
Fires ( red points ) and smoke on a single day over all of Bolivia ( 24 August , 2004 ) study area marked as Los Fierros , photo from NASA – Modis , courtesy of Louise Emmons .
In the meantime Emmons fears for the cerrado ecosystem in its entirety .
Heavily exploited for ranching and industrial agriculture , the ecosystem is one of the most threatened in South America with nearly 70 percent of the ecosystem already lost .
Until recently , Emmons notes , the cerrado biome was “ overlooked by conservation groups that designate ‘ hotspots ’ and also by biologists , so its richness in species was not appreciated . ”
Pointing to high levels of endemic species , both of plants and animals , Emmons says that the cerrado is millions of years old and includes many undiscovered treasures : “ for example , during my work in a tiny area of Noel Kempff Mercado National Park , we have discovered and described four rodent species new to science , and I am sure that we have not yet completely inventoried the mammal fauna . ”
CITATION : “ Long - Term Variation in Small Mammal Abundance in Forest and Savanna
of Bolivian Cerrado ” .
Louise H. Emmons .
Biotropica , March 9th , 2009 .
Related articles
Photos of newly discovered species in Brazil ’s Cerrado
( 04/29/2008 )
An expedition to Brazil ’s Cerrado has turned up more than a dozen undiscovered species .
conservationists say the discoveries add urgency to protecting the grassland habitat which is rapidly being converted for agriculture .
Tree resprouting offers hope in former pastures of Brazil ’s cerrado
( 09/06/2007 ) Deforested landscapes in the Brazilian cerrado show hopeful signs of recovery even after long periods of intensive use , reports a study published in the journal Biotropica .
Analyzing the natural reestablishment of native trees in former pastureland located in the dry woodlands of the Brazilian cerrado , a team of researchers found that while species richness was lower in older pasture , density and composition of regenerating trees did not change with pasture age .
Biofuels driving destruction of Brazilian cerrado
( 08/21/2007 )
The cerrado , wooded grassland in Brazil that once covered an area half the size of Europe , is fast being transformed into croplands to meet rising demand for soybeans , sugarcane , and cattle .
The cerrado is now disappearing more than twice as the rate as the neighboring Amazon rainforest , according to a Brazilian expert on the savanna ecosystem .
Two ‘ dragon ’ species discovered in Brazil
( 01/24/2007 )
Two previously unknown species of lizard that are said to resemble miniature ground - dwelling dragons have been found in the threatened cerrado region of Brazil .
The species , Stenocercus squarrosus and Stenocercus quinarius are described in the current issue of the South American Journal of Herpetology .
Hudson Institute calls Amazon savanna biome a wasteland
( 04/23/2006 ) In an April 21st , 2006 editorial published in the Canada Free Press Dennis T. Avery , senior fellow for Hudson Institute in Washington , DC and the Director for Global Food Issues , called Brazil ’s cerrado ecosystem a “ wasteland ” and criticized a recent report from the environmental activist group Greenpeace that linked Amazon deforestation to soy - based animal feed used by fast - food chains in Europe .
Brazil ’s grasslands could replace food production of American heartland
( 08/01/2005 ) Today when people mention Brazil and agriculture , people often first envision the Amazon rainforest giving way to soybean plantations and cattle farms .
While the Amazon is being converted for such purposes , the cerrado , a vast area of savanna - like grasslands covering more than 20 % of the country ’s surface area , is increasingly under threat as farmers from the United States and Europe are setting their sights on the country ’s sizeable agricultural potential .
( NaturalNews )
A chemical that naturally occurs in broccoli may help protect the lungs against the damage that leads to lung disease , according to a study conducted by researchers from Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and published in the The researchers studied the lung cells of 39 humans with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , a condition in which the airways narrow and it becomes chronically difficult to breathe .
They compared these to tissue samples from patients without COPD , which is particularly common among tobacco smokers .
The cells of lungs suffering from COPD were found to be deficient in a protein produced by a gene called NFR2 , which regulates a variety of processes that clear out toxins and pollutants from the lungs .
Perhaps for this reason , the lungs also had significantly lower levels of antioxidants and the proteins that prevent antioxidants from degrading .
The more severe the COPD , the lower the levels of antioxidants and all these proteins .
Previous research in mice has shown that shutting off the NFR2 gene in mice leads to the development of early onset severe emphysema , a common symptom of COPD .
In the current study , however , the researchers found that the NFR2 gene in the COPD - afflicted lungs was working fine , suggesting that the NFR2 protein was simply being degraded rapidly after production .
When they added the broccoli compound sulforapane to these cells , they found that all NFR2 - mediated antioxidant lung defenses were returned to normal .
This suggests that sulforapane and other strategies for restoring NFR2 activity may eventually be used as COPD treatments .
" Controlled restoration of NRF2 antioxidant defenses together with existing therapies , such as smoking cessation and use of anti-inflammatory agents , may greatly help in attenuating COPD progression as well as in preventing disease exacerbations , " the researchers wrote .
Other studies have suggested that sulforapane can help protect blood vessels from the damage caused by diabetes , and that a diet high in vegetables from the same family as broccoli ( brassica , or cruciferous ) can protect against cardiovascular disease and cancer .
Sources for this story include : news.bbc.co.uk ; www.medpagetoday.com
Today on The Lede , we have a contribution from John Schwartz , who wrote in Friday ’s New York Times about Pacer , the Public Access to Court Electronic Records database run by the federal government .
Mr. Schwartz focused on efforts by two activists “ to push the court records system into the 21st century — by simply grabbing enormous chunks of the database and giving the documents away , to the great annoyance of the government . ”
Here is more on those efforts , and a look at some of the other kinds of information available through the same Web site , Public .
Resource.org :
Carl Malamud has worked crazy hours to push the courts into cleaning up the privacy violations he has found in the Pacer documents he has downloaded .
That saga is best told in the exchanges of e-mailed notices , some of them pretty darned testy , that he has published on his Web site .
The site is a trove of other government documents he has made accessible to the public , including an enormous database of tax returns from nonprofit groups , state and local building codes and regulations , images from the Smithsonian Institution , and earlier work he did with material from the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Patent and Trademark Office .
Those can all be found through links from the main page of his site , Public .
Resource.org .
Also on that site are links to what Mr. Malamud calls FedFlix — a growing archive of many films originally produced by the federal government , which he ’s been uploading to the Internet Archive and a YouTube channel .
The 524 films in the FedFlix catalogue so far include such gems as “ Sludge Management , ” “ Welcome to the Bureau of Prisons ! ” “ Foreign Lottery Scams , ” “ ( Motorola Presents ) Atomic Attack , ” battle footage and training films from World War II and Vietnam , and the Cold War classic “ Duck and Cover , ” which is embedded here :
In the article , The Times mentions a Stanford drop - out and entrepreneur by the name of Aaron Swartz .
In the technology world , Mr. Swartz is kind of a big deal , as the saying goes .
At the age of 14 , he had a hand in writing RSS , the now - ubiquitous software used to syndicate everything from blog posts to news headlines directly to subscribers .
Mr. Swartz came across the online manifesto that Carl Malamud published about freeing Pacer documents , in which Mr. Malamud wrote : “ The law contains the rules that govern our society .
We just want to be able to read our own user manual . ”
In his call to action , Mr. Malamud pointed to the free trial Pacer was offering and called for a “ Thumb Drive Corps ” to go to libraries with small - but - capacious “ thumb drives , ” plug them into computers , download as many court documents as they could , and send them to Mr. Malamud so that he could translate them them into a format that Google ’s search software can read and put them on line .
Mr. Malamud ’s appeal evidently inspired Mr. Swartz to do it one better .
( As we said , he knows his way around a keyboard . )
He approached Steve Schultze , a fellow at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard who had found Pacer cumbersome to search .
“ The issue was just sort of a pet peeve in the back of my mind for a while , ” Mr. Schultze said .
He had written a small program that would crawl through the Pacer database and download documents automatically .
He showed his bit of software — the code would fit on a single typewritten page — to Mr. Swartz , who set about debugging and improving it .
Then Mr. Swartz had a friend in California take a thumb drive with the “ scraping ” software on it to one of the free - trial libraries , sign up for an account and upload the program .
And that is how , over the course of six weeks , Mr. Swartz was able to download 780 gigabytes of data — 19,856,160 pages of text — from Pacer .
The caper grabbed an estimated 20 percent of the entire PACER network , with a focus on the most recent cases from almost every circuit .
When the government abruptly shut down the free public program , Mr. Malamud saw it as a sign of possible trouble ahead .
“ Who shuts down a 17 - site national program with no notice whatsoever ? ” he recalled thinking .
“ I immediately saw the potential for overreaction by the courts . ”
Mr. Malamud told Mr. Swartz : “ You need to talk to a lawyer .
I need to talk to a lawyer . ”
Mr. Swartz recalled , “ I had this vision of the Feds crashing down the door , taking everything away . ”
He said he locked the deadbolt on his door , lay down on the bed for a while , and then called his mother .
But when lawyers told Mr. Malamud and Mr. Swartz that they appeared to have broken no laws , Mr. Malamud sent Mr. Swartz a message saying , “ You should just lay low for a while . ”
Mr. Swartz said that he waited for a couple of months , but “ nobody came knocking on my door .
I started breathing a little more easily . ”
The International Space Station ( ISS ) flashes its newly beefed - up solar setup to the astronauts aboard Discovery as the space shuttle performs a fly - around after undocking from the station last week .
Discovery , which landed safely at Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Saturday , delivered the ISS 's starboard 6 ( S6 ) truss segment and the accompanying solar wings ( rightmost truss segment and set of solar arrays ) .
The station 's newly completed truss , or backbone , spans 335 feet ( 100 meters ) — longer than a football field .
And the full complement of solar arrays covers 38,400 square feet ( 3,570 square meters ) , nearly an acre .
Those arrays , generating up to 120 kilowatts of usable power , supply electricity for the station 's day - to - day and science activities and charge onboard batteries for use when the solar panels are partly or totally shadowed by the Earth or by other parts of the station .
An angry mob stormed a bank today as the G20 protests turned violent .
Masked anarchists smashed their way into the Royal Bank of Scotland branch in the City of London .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They trashed equipment , daubed graffiti on the walls and threw a chair through a window .
More than 4,000 demonstrators , most of them peaceful , gathered near the Bank of England to demand action from world leaders .
But several hundred clashed with police , who were pelted with eggs , paint bombs and empty beer cans .
Scotland Yard responded by cordoning off streets and sending in riot police and officers on horseback .
Police said a total of 24 arrests were made today .
Two people were held for aggravated burglary over the raid on the RBS building and two for public order offences .
Others were held for threatening behaviour , possession of drugs , violent disorder and blocking a road .
Eleven people were arrested this morning after police uniforms were found in the back of an armoured vehicle .
The day began with marches from Cannon Street , Liverpool Street , Moorgate and London Bridge , led by effigies of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
As the lines of protesters walked peacefully towards the Bank of England , City workers were seen waving £ 10 notes at them from office windows above .
Political protesters carrying banners marked " Balls to the Banks " and " Punish the looters " were joined by workers who had lost their jobs in the recession .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Former financial worker Caroline Carter , 49 , from Chertsey in Surrey , said : " Believe you me , this is going to get a lot worse by the end of this year .
" I suggest the bankers give up some of their pensions and give something back to the community . "
Christine Hickey , 64 , from Sutton , Surrey , said : " I 'm just fed up with the bankers who 've got away with taking all this money .
" People are losing jobs and their homes and I 'm fed up with it .
" I 'm not here with anyone today but wanted to come along to show my support .
It all seems good - natured . "
When the four processions converged on the roads around the Bank at around midday , the atmosphere turned menacing .
Police closed off nearby streets to stop anyone leaving the area as small groups of protesters began charging police lines .
To cheers from parts of the crowd , a handful of men with black scarves obscuring their faces and hoods over their heads smashed a hole in the windows with a metal pole and crawled in .
Police entered the branch at around 2 pm and shortly afterwards began driving demonstrators away from the building .
An RBS spokeswoman said the branch was closed today and there was no - one inside .
" We made a decision yesterday to close various branches , so that branch is closed , there is no question about that , " she said .
The outbreaks of violence marred otherwise peaceful G20 protests around London .
In nearby Bishopsgate , hundreds of environmental protesters blocked the road with a climate camp .
They pitched tents and set up market stalls , bunting and banners outside the European Climate Exchange .
One protester , Richard Howlett , said efforts to restart the world economy risked making climate change worse .
He said : " Anybody with any common sense can see that we 're not going to get ourselves on the low - carbon economy we need if we 're building new runways and new coal - fired power stations . "
Campaign group Stop
The War said there were 5,000 protesters in Trafalgar Square for an anti-war rally .
Convenor Lindsey German said : " The message is very simple - we want troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan , an end to the siege of Gaza , stop the arming of Israel , and the creation of jobs , not bombs . "
At the Bank of England a street party continued , with music blaring .
A short while earlier police moved to once again block all the roads around the Bank , allowing protesters out but not allowing anybody else in .
Groups of demonstrators , passers - by and spectators gathered at the police lines .
Stuart Fraser , of the City of London Corporation , said : " The police are managing a very difficult balancing act : they need to make sure the demonstrators can protest peacefully and safely , whilst protecting property and keeping the City open for business .
" Obviously the operation is ongoing and the situation may change , but so far the police seem to be handling a tricky job very well .
" The City of London Corporation , which acts as the local authority for the Square Mile , is working closely with the police to support their efforts to keep the City working .
" The City of London Police is working in partnership with the Metropolitan Police and British Transport Police in a single operation .
By pooling resources and intelligence , we are aiming for an effective pan-London policing operation . "
Metropolitan Police Commander Simon O'Brien warned that some of those involved in violent disorder are being monitored by police and face arrest as they move around the city this evening .
Speaking at New Scotland
Yard tonight , the senior officer said post incident investigations are already under way against those involved in the attack on a branch of the Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) , criminal damage and assaults on police .
He said small pockets of criminals were responsible for the outbreaks of trouble while the vast majority of participants were good humoured .
Mr O'Brien , who is a member of the command team for the G20 security operation , said some of the apparent ringleaders were followed by helicopter as they left flashpoints .
He said : " As we went on it was clear there were people within the group that were first of all involved in juvenile and puerile behaviour .
" That started to escalate into quite provocative behaviour towards police lines .
There were small groups charging forwards and backwards into police lines .
" It did seem to us from CCTV and police on the scene that they tried to find a way to ramp up the protest and hijack it into violence . "
Mr O'Brien added : " There are a number of times when police lines withdrew for two , three or five feet to give space between police and demonstrators to take the temperature out of the crowd dynamic .
" Consistently there were people in the crowd who were determined to hijack it .
" We believe these were the sort of people we have been monitoring on the internet and online prior to today .
" Some of these seemed to be quite experienced and determined protesters in that they wanted to get involved in a violent protest and not lawful protest . "
Mr O'Brien said police have collected footage from " helitelly " , the force 's nickname from CCTV from powerful helicopter cameras .
He said : " We started to see a good deal more violence coming from small groups in the crowd .
Clear attacks on police line , clear attacks on police by protesters and completely unprovoked .
" Then we saw a determined attack on the RBS where at least three plate - glass windows were broken .
" There was a clear attempt to throw lighted material in that premises and we saw small amounts of minor thefts from the premises .
" That went on for some time and we were in a position where we had officers at and around the scene of that attack .
" We had almost all of it on helitelly and CCTV and we were collecting clear and good evidence of that attack .
" Two people were arrested for aggravated burglary because they entered with a view to steal or cause other forms of damage . "
Mr O'Brien said there had been 26 arrests overall linked to the protests , including four last night , and others involved in violence should expect a " knock on the door " .
He said : " We are already in the process of collecting key evidence against individuals involved in violent acts and disorder and other activity in the crowd .
" We will pursue a post - incident investigation and any number of people will be visited by the Metropolitan Police and colleagues in the City in the near future .
" If they have been involved in such acts we will arrest them . "
Senior officers said one police officer is in hospital tonight receiving treatment after receiving a blow to the head .
Seven protesters have also been taken to hospital .
Mr O'Brien warned there may be more violence tomorrow as the focus of the protests moves to the Summit itself at the Excel Centre in London 's docklands .
The FullCalendar Approach
FullCalendar is great for displaying events , but it is n't a complete solution for event content - management .
Beyond dragging an event to a different time / day , you cannot change an event 's name or other associated data .
It is up to you to add this functionality through FullCalendar 's API .
Read the parable of the Talents .
Mt 25:13-40
Matthew 25:14-30 ( New International Version )
The Parable of the Talents
14 " Again , it will be like a man going on a journey , who called his servants and entrusted his property to them .
15 To one he gave five talents [ a ] of money , to another two talents , and to another one talent , each according to his ability .
Then he went on his journey .
16 The man who had received the five talents went at once and put his money to work and gained five more .
17So also , the one with the two talents gained two more .
18 But the man who had received the one talent went off , dug a hole in the ground and hid his master 's money .
19 " After a long time the master of those servants returned and settled accounts with them .
20
The man who had received the five talents brought the other five .
' Master , ' he said , ' you entrusted me with five talents .
See , I have gained five more . '
21 " His master replied , ' Well done , good and faithful servant !
You have been faithful with a few things ; I will put you in charge of many things .
Come and share your master 's happiness !'
22 " The man with the two talents also came .
' Master , ' he said , ' you entrusted me with two talents ; see , I have gained two more . '
23 " His master replied , ' Well done , good and faithful servant !
You have been faithful with a few things ; I will put you in charge of many things .
Come and share your master 's happiness !'
24 " Then the man who had received the one talent came .
' Master , ' he said , ' I knew that you are a hard man , harvesting where you have not sown and gathering where you have not scattered seed .
25 So I was afraid and went out and hid your talent in the ground .
See , here is what belongs to you . '
26 " His master replied , ' You wicked , lazy servant !
So you knew that I harvest where I have not sown and gather where I have not scattered seed ?
27 Well then , you should have put my money on deposit with the bankers , so that when I returned I would have received it back with interest .
28 " ' Take the talent from him and give it to the one who has the ten talents .
29 For everyone who has will be given more , and he will have an abundance .
Whoever does not have , even what he has will be taken from him .
30
And throw that worthless servant outside , into the darkness , where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth . '
PESHAWAR , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
Twenty well - behaved boys sit on the floor in two rows , quietly eating a humble lunch of flat bread , water and beans .
The " lost boys " of Swat enjoy a humble lunch of flat bread , water and beans .
Their hair is neatly combed and they are dressed in spotless Pakistani shalwar kamiz long shirts and baggy trousers .
These boys are orphans , and they are lucky to be alive .
" Sir , it was very dangerous , " explained 15 - year - old Mohammad Nawaz .
Last Friday , Nawaz and his friends escaped from Pakistan 's Swat Valley after their orphanage ended up on the front - line of the government 's war with the Taliban .
When hostilities resumed in Swat two weeks ago , Pakistani soldiers from nearby barracks commandeered the roof of the four - story orphanage in Swat 's district capital , Mingora , to use it as a lookout .
They built sandbag bunkers on the roof , and buried landmines in the orphanage 's playground .
Then , Taliban militants laid siege to the building .
Nawaz said " many " insurgents armed with rocket launchers and Kalashnikov assault rifles surrounded the orphanage .
Watch more on the boys ' ordeal »
Impact Your World See how you can make a difference
About 50 terrified orphans , accompanied by adult support staff , cowered in a back room on the ground floor .
Shaken by the explosions and small - arms fire around their building , the older boys , some aged 16 and 17 , tried to console the youngest children , some of whom are as young as seven .
They were all crying .
It was n't until last Friday that the first batch of orphans were able to escape .
" We had to ride on the roof of a bus , " said 16 - year old Mohammad Yusuf , a soft - spoken teenager with the beginnings of a beard appearing on his chin .
After a creeping , traffic - choked , three - hour drive from Mingora , the boys and their teachers begged for a ride from a passing vegetable truck .
Yusuf said the boys rode the rest of the way to Peshawar sitting in the back of a truck on bags of peas , stopping only when the truckers had to remove the cargo to have it washed .
Watch more on the situation in the Swat Valley »
" When the peas were washed and loaded again , we all got wet , " said Yusuf , laughing .
Now the boys are relatively safe and receiving some counseling from therapists at a shelter in Peshawar provided by another Pakistani charity organization , the Dost Foundation .
The children have seen more then their share of violence during two years of intermittent fighting around the Swat Valley .
When asked about the worst moment two boys immediately responded " suicide bombers , " making explosive gestures with their hands from their chests .
Due to the orphanage 's close proximity to a Pakistani army base in Mingora , the boys were often witnesses to the aftermath of Taliban attacks .
In one incident a suicide bomber blew out all of the glass windows of the orphanage .
Opinions were split among the boys about the Taliban .
" They want Islam , " said Nawaz , referring to the Taliban 's demand for the imposition of Islamic sharia law across Pakistan .
The proposal resonates with many Pakistanis , who are frustrated with corruption in the country 's judicial system .
" The Taliban dropped the price of public transport , " Nawaz said , adding , " Plus they used to help sort out traffic jams . "
Watch more on the refugee situation »
" We are angry with the Taliban , " argued Yusuf , the 16 - year - old .
" There is no rule in Islam that allows you to behead someone . "
Since the arrival of the boys in Pakistan 's western city of Peshawar , social workers have been trying to help them relax .
They spent the weekend playing cricket in the small yard of their half - way house , watching movies and on Sunday getting a tour of the city .
Several boys said they were looking forward to seeing an airport for the first time in their lives .
But orphanage director Muhammad Ali was wracked with worry about their future .
Out of sight of the children , he broke down weeping .
" I am the father of these children , " Ali said .
" This is not an orphanage , this is our home ... now finished . "
Ali spent the afternoon on Sunday desperately trying to call a final group of 24 boys who were trying to escape from Mingora .
They left on foot , because the road out of Mingora was mined and there was a shortage of vehicles for the evacuation of refugees .
Ali said the orphans , accompanied by adult administrators , had split into groups of five , with three older boys equipped with a cell phone and cash leading two younger boys .
By nightfall , the orphans had walked for hours .
They spent the night on the floor of a religious school outside Mingora , after authorities re-imposed a curfew in the Swat Valley .
On Monday evening the children arrived exhausted and dirty in Peshawar after traveling more than 24 hours .
One of their adult chaperones estimated they had to travel on foot for more then 20 miles before eventually finding vehicle transport to complete the journey .
Administrators said one of the boys , named Ubaid , somehow became separated from the rest of the group , and ended up staying behind .
They say he is back at the orphanage in Mingora , being cared for by the Pakistani soldiers stationed there .
" It was a long , chaotic journey and experience that I will never forget , " said Imran Khan , one of the orphanage 's wardens .
He said he had spent part of the journey carrying on his back a boy with a spinal problem .
" Swat used to be known as paradise on earth , " Khan said .
" Now it has become hell on earth . "
More than 360,000 people have fled the conflict zone since May 2 .
Protein degradation is an essential longevity assurance pathway .
Maintaining high levels of autophagy can delay age - related decline in liver function .
Obstacles to protein degradation tend to shorten the lifespan : blocking autophagy causes hypersensitivity to stress , and inhibiting the ubiquitin / proteasome pathway damages the mitochondria ; both of these treatments kill neurons .
Conversely , longevity enhancement tends to enhance disposal of cellular garbage :
In a worm model of Alzheimer ’s disease , long - lived daf - 2 mutants exhibit slower protein aggregation and decreased proteotoxicity , probably as a result of higher rates of protein degradation .
Despite the overall importance of protein degradation in delaying aging , the destruction of individual proteins is not always a good thing .
During a screen of worm E3 ubiquitin ligases , Mehta et al. discovered that blocking the degradation of the HIF - 1 protein dramatically increases lifespan and blocked the toxicity of pathogenic , aggregation - prone proteins .
Proteasomal Regulation of the Hypoxic Response Modulates Aging in C. elegans
The Caenorhabditis elegans von Hippel - Lindau tumor suppressor homolog VHL - 1 is a cullin E3 ubiquitin ligase that negatively regulates the hypoxic response by promoting ubiquitination and degradation of the hypoxic response transcription factor HIF - 1 .
Here , we report that loss of VHL - 1 significantly increased life span and enhanced resistance to polyglutamine and amyloid beta toxicity .
Deletion of HIF - 1 was epistatic to VHL - 1 , indicating that HIF - 1 acts downstream of VHL - 1 to modulate aging and proteotoxicity .
VHL - 1 and HIF - 1 control longevity by a mechanism distinct from both dietary restriction and insulin / IGF - 1 - like signaling .
These findings define VHL - 1 and the hypoxic response as an alternative longevity and protein homeostasis pathway .
The initial finding was that knockdowns of the E3 ligase VHL - 1 were long - lived .
VHL - 1 is known to degrade HIF - 1 , the transcription factor involved in the hypoxic response .
To rule out the possibility that another substrate of VHL - 1 was important in the longevity enhancement , the authors used fairly straightforward genetic analysis : Mutating EGL - 9 , another gene required for HIF - 1 degradation , also confers the lifespan extension , but neither vhl - 1 not egl - mutants could live long in the absence of HIF - 1 .
The VHL - 1/ EGL -9/HIF - 1 pathway is distinct from other means of lifespan extension : both daf - 2 mutants and calorie restricted animals could extend the lifespan of hif - 1 mutants , and conversely vhl - 1 mutations could further extend the lifespan of daf - 2 animals .
This distinction may exist only at the level of the more upstream signaling events , however : DAF - 16 , the longevity assurance transcription factor that is disinhibited by daf - 2 mutation , shares many target genes with HIF - 1 , so it is possible that the longevity enhancements rely on the same stable of stress - resistance and repair genes .
Will boosting HIF - 1 levels also influence lifespan in mammals ?
Probably not , at least not in any simple way : the proteins involved are highly conserved — but VHL - 1 is a tumor suppressor in humans , so targeting it with a drug is almost definitely a bad idea .
Since suppression of the hypoxic response ( especially angiogenesis ) is likely to be important to the mechanism of tumor suppression by VHL - 1 , the same goes for HIF - 1 .
It would n’t be incredibly surprising if this particular mechanism of lifespan regulation were n’t conserved between worms and mammals : worms do n’t like oxygen as much as we do , so even if the machinery is conserved , the physiological consequences of activating that machinery might not be .
Still , as the authors point out , there might be some value in exploring manipulations of the hypoxic response in post-mitotic tissue – like brain — where the risk of tumorigenesis would presumably be smaller .
Mehta , R. , Steinkraus , K. , Sutphin , G. , Ramos , F. , Shamieh , L. , Huh , A. , Davis , C. , Chandler - Brown , D. , & Kaeberlein , M. ( 2009 ) .
Proteasomal Regulation of the Hypoxic Response Modulates Aging in C. elegans Science DOI : 10.1126/science.1173507
WASHINGTON -- LeBron James is the best
player in the NBA , surpassing veteran Los Angeles Lakers guard
Kobe Bryant , 14 - time All - Star guard Jerry West said Monday .
West , a shrewd judge of talent who brought Bryant to the
Lakers when he was their general manager , said the Cleveland Cavaliers
forward could become the league 's next Michael Jordan .
Jerry
West says he 'd still want Kobe Bryant to take the last shot .
But he'd take LeBron James if he were starting a franchise .
Noah Graham / Getty Images
" I look at Cleveland [ and ] say to myself , ' How many games could
they win without LeBron James ? ' "
West told Reuters in an
interview .
" That 's how great he is .
" He has a chance to be arguably the greatest player ever to
play the game . "
West , the NBA 's executive of the year with the Lakers in
1995 and the Memphis Grizzlies in 2004 , said playing both ends
of the floor was what made Jordan so great .
" Michael Jordan was the best defensive player in the league
but he was also the best offensive player , " said West .
" It
was n't a one - year fluke , he proved it over time .
" LeBron James will do the same type of things because he's
getting better .
He 's a much more effective shooter .
When 's he's
making his shots from the outside , you can't play him .
" He 's just too big , too strong , too quick .
And he has
incredible body control .
But more than that , he 's a great teammate .
You can see his teammates love him . "
West told Bloomberg Television in an interview that starting a team with James is a " no- brainer . "
" If you look at basketball today , it 's not always the big guys that win for you , it 's the intermediate - size guys , " West said , according to Bloomberg . " [ He ] can play four positions if you ask him to do so , and his ability to get everyone involved in the game is just remarkable for someone his age .
I do n't know if there 's a better athlete I 've ever seen play professional basketball . "
Newswise — A surgeon at the University of Illinois Medical Center at Chicago is one of the first in the Midwest to use a new surgical technique that requires only one small incision to remove a diseased kidney .
Dr. Leslie Deane , assistant professor of urology and director of laparoscopy , endourology and robotic urologic surgery at UIC , inserted a camera and two surgical instruments through a port placed in a one - inch incision in the patient 's belly button and remove a diseased kidney the size of an orange .
Surgical techniques have been advancing , as better surgical instruments and the introduction of cameras inside the body have made it possible to operate through small incisions .
While laparoscopic approaches generally have fewer complications , shorter hospital stays , and faster recovery times than open surgery , they still usually require three to five incisions , each with attendant risks of bleeding , hernia , and scarring .
The technique called single incision laparoscopic surgery , or SILS , " gives us better pain control following surgery , " said Deane .
" And , of course , there is a much better cosmetic outcome for many patients .
The small scar essentially disappears into their belly button . "
Deane 's surgical team included his chief resident Dr. Alexis Chesrow and senior resident Dr. Hector Pimentel and the nursing staff Elrayna Aten , RN and Annie Marrs , RN .
Chicago resident Eddie Bibbs , 55 , is the mother of four grown children and has a number of grandchildren .
She says she is not planning on wearing a bikini anytime soon , but was grateful that the simple incision kept bleeding to a minimum during her April 16 surgery to remove a diseased kidney .
" I did n't need any transfusion at all , " she said .
Bibbs ' kidney had become infected months before , requiring insertion of a tube through the back .
The kidney eventually failed , necessitating removal .
She has been in and out of the hospital since last November and said she had barely been able to leave her house all winter .
On Friday , the day following the three - and - a - half - hour surgery , Bibbs was up walking the hallways of the hospital and looking forward to going home the next day .
" My daughter said I sound much better and I look much better , " Bibbs said .
And , she added , " I feel much , much better ! "
Deane expects SILS to become a more common procedure as new instruments are developed that are better adapted to the technique .
The trend in surgery today is towards minimizing the size and number of incisions to reduce complications and scarring and improve recovery , he said .
And with improvements in robotic technologies , the possibilities will be endless .
" I was also surprised to find that I was able to perform the surgery as quickly and safely through the single port as I would have expected from ordinary laparoscopic surgery , " said Deane .
" In 2009 , the indications for ' open ' kidney surgery are few . "
WASHINGTON , March 24 ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday called the U.S. dollar “ extraordinarily strong ” due to confidence in America ’s economic prospects and said there was no need for a single global currency .
“ As far as confidence in the U.S. economy or the dollar , I would just point out that the dollar is extraordinarily strong right now , ” Obama told a nationally televised news conference .
“ The reason the dollar is strong right now is because investors consider the United States the strongest economy in the world with the most stable political system in the world , ” he said .
“ You do n’t have to take my word for it , I think that there is a great deal of confidence that ultimately , although we are going through a rough patch , that prospects for the world economy are very very strong . ”
Asked about suggestions by China and Russia that the world move toward a single global currency , Obama said , “ I do n’t believe that there ’s a need for global currency . ”
( Reporting by David Lawder , editing by Chris Wilson )
A study of the most and least safe places to cycle in Britain , released today , shows that where there are more riders on the roads there is generally a lower accident rate , while in areas less popular for bikes , cycling can be notably more risky .
Contradicting the notion that a mass of inexperienced riders taking to the streets brings a spike in injuries and deaths , the research by the Cyclists Touring Club ( CTC ) , the UK 's main cycling organisation , rates local authority areas in England on a scale of A to E according to how safe they are .
The trend is clear , with areas popular for cyclists tending to be safer on average , with the differences sometimes significant .
Top of the list is traditionally bike - friendly York , where around one in eight commuters cycle to work and 0.1 % are badly hurt in accidents each year .
Not far down the road , Calderdale , West Yorkshire , a district centred around Halifax , is at the other end of the scale .
Here , fewer than 1 in 120 commuters use bikes , and those that do face a danger level 15 times higher than in York .
Other areas awarded the A grade and near the top of the safety league include Hull , Lincolnshire and Cambridgeshire , while others given an E rating include Bradford , Blackburn and Kirklees .
" While this is a useful guide , we 're also very keen to stress that even the apparently less safe areas are n't actually unsafe , and that it 's still much better for your health to cycle than not to cycle , wherever you live , " said Chris Peck , the CTC 's policy coordinator .
" It 's important that people are not put off cycling . "
The phenomenon of safety in numbers – the name given to a new CTC campaign – can be seen throughout Europe .
Other figures compiled by the organisation show that in Denmark , top of the continental league for cycling , the average person rides over 10 times further than his British peer every year but runs only 20 % of the risk of being killed .
The reasons for this inverse correlation are many , according to Peck , and include the likelihood of better cycling infrastructure in areas where more people ride , the fact that if car drivers also occasionally cycle they are likely to be more careful with bikes , and the statistical quirk that a higher proportion of riders in low - cycling areas tend to be young men with a higher than average threshold for risk .
" It 's a virtuous circle : people feel safe , they know a lot of people who also cycle and say , 'it 's OK , get out there .
It 's even a pleasant way to get around , ' " said Peck .
" They 're much more likely to get on a bike if they know , say , a friend or neighbour who cycles . "
Getting more people onto their bikes has proved beyond most British policymakers for years at both national and local levels .
While many more Britons have taken to the saddle in the past few years , spurred on by factors including fitness and national Olympic success , only 2 % of all journeys involve a bike .
In the Netherlands the equivalent figure is 27 % .
Struck by the Dutch success , a group of British MPs has just returned from a fact - finding trip to the country .
There , along with reams of information about bike lanes and secure parking , they were let in to a less well - known secret for spurring a national cycling culture : throw out the Lycra and the helmets .
The experts , who took the all - party cycling group on a tour of the unparalleled Dutch cycling infrastructure , argued that the best way to tempt people on to bikes is to portray cycling as an everyday activity , not just the preserve of young men with an assertive attitude and a wardrobe full of skin - tight DayGlo jerseys .
" If you really want to have a lot of people cycling , one thing that people need is to feel safe cycling .
It is the perceived safety that is so important , " said Hans Voerknecht from Holland 's Fiets Beraad , or bicycle council .
" It should n't be a fringe sub - culture , just for the cyclists you could call the urban guerrillas .
You 'll never have ordinary people cycling if that 's the image they see . "
Voerknecht points out that only a tiny minority of Dutch cyclists wear helmets , and while a few enthusiasts take to the roads in full Tour de France gear they are overwhelmingly outnumbered by people pedalling to work , school or the shops in everyday clothes , even formal business suits .
The CTC's Peck , who accompanied the MPs to the Netherlands , agrees that the image of cycling in Britain needs an overhaul .
" Helmets and things like that do give this impression that cycling is inherently dangerous , and this whole urban warrior image is not very helpful , " he said .
" But of course , a lot of the aggression is also about having to compete for space and priority with cars . "
That is , of course , a key point .
While Dutch riders enjoy car - free bikes lanes , secure parking at every train station and an automatic presumption of innocence in any collision with a car , the situation in the UK is very different .
According to Voerknecht , much UK bike planning is too piecemeal to be truly effective .
" They build 1 km of a bike lane and then it ends .
And the people who built it are amazed no one is using it .
You might have 50 km of lanes , but if it 's 50 times 1 k m then no one will use them .
You have to make it consistent .
" If I took a Dutch cyclist to a British town or city and said , ' What do you think of the cycling facilities ? ' they would say , ' What cycling facilities ?
Where ?
Did I miss them ? ' "
And then , of course , there is the factor that no government directive can change : topography .
Like Holland , the areas of England favoured by cyclists also tend to be the flatter ones .
Cycle lane to nowhere
Sean Smith , a web developer from Halifax , has been cycling for 30 years in Calderdale , rated England 's least safe cycling area .
" I 'm maybe used to it these days but the traffic can be heavy and can go pretty fast .
There are a few marked bike lanes but most of the time they disappear when the road narrows , so they 're not a lot of good .
It 's not really bike friendly .
I was deliberately pushed off my bike by someone leaning out of a car six months ago and broke my wrist .
But whatever you do to encourage cycling , there 's always the problem with the terrain .
Wherever you go you 're going to hit some hills , some of them pretty steep .
That 's always going to put off a lot of casual cyclists . "
Andy Shrimpton is co-owner of Cycle Heaven , a bike shop in York , rated the safest place to ride in England .
" There 's what you could call a residual bike culture , from the past – when the shifts changed at the Rowntree factory the streets used to be a mass of bikes .
The traffic in the centre is pretty bad as well , which encourages people to ride .
In some ways it 's been quite easy for the council , as you 've got the river and parks , so they 've been able to put in bike lanes .
But when it comes to the difficult decisions like disrupting cars they 're not doing a great job .
The volume of cycle traffic certainly helps .
The cycling culture is a lot less aggressive than in some places , particularly London . "
Welcome to Cycle-Parts.com
We 've been helping riders buy motorcycle parts at discounted prices since 1995 .
But , our site also offers easy , convenient , one - stop shopping for OEM and aftermarket motorcycle parts , ATV parts , dirt bike parts , jet ski parts , scooter parts , snowmobile parts , and utility vehicle parts .
In addition , we carry a huge selection of riding gear and apparel .
Whether you need parts or gear , we 've got you covered .
We carry OEM parts and aftermarket parts for all the popular brands including Arctic Cat , Honda , Kawasaki , Polaris , Suzuki , and Yamaha .
If you already have a part number , use our part number search to add it to your shopping cart .
But , if you need to look it up , click any of our shopping links to choose your vehicle and find the parts that fit .
Ca n't find the parts you need ?
Do n’t sweat it , just email or call us and one of our parts specialists will assist you .
We want you to get the correct parts quickly so you can get back out there .
Lions sign Matthew Stafford to six - year , $ 78 million deal
Jay Glazer of FOXSports.com reports that the Detroit Lions have signed quarterback Matthew Stafford to a six - year , $ 78 million contract and will select him with the top overall pick in Saturday ’s draft .
The deal also includes $ 41.8 million in guaranteed money .
Some scouts and draft pundits do n’t feel as though Stafford is a franchise - type quarterback and they might be right .
If he were to come out next year , there ’s a good chance he would be the third or fourth best quarterback prospect behind Sam Bradford , Colt McCoy and / or Tim Tebow .
But the bottom line is that if new GM Martin Mayhew believes that Stafford can lead his team , then he had to take him .
The money is ridiculous , but unfortunately that ’s the way the rookie salary structure is currently set up .
In the end , Mayhew could n’t be scared off by the contract demands if he felt that Stafford turn the Lions into a winner .
For fans sake , let ’s hope this was a football decision above all else , and not an opportunity for William Clay Ford Sr. to sell jerseys , hats and tickets .
Hopefully Ford allowed Mayhew to get the player that he wanted or else this is going to be the Matt Millen era all over again .
( Okay , well maybe it wo n’t be that bad , but you get the point . )
Time will only tell if the Lions made the right choice in Stafford .
Obviously there are no sure things in the draft , but maybe he can follow in the footsteps of ’08 first round quarterbacks Matt Ryan and Joe Flacco .
Stafford certainly has the arm strength to make all the passes at the next level and appears to have a good head on his shoulders .
The Lions needed a quarterback and they got one .
Hopefully Mayhew got the right one .
Check out this airship from 2007 that was created by students at the University of Adelaide .
See the project poster here ( pdf ) .
The airship was designed for aerial photography , advertising and to have a flight time of 30 minutes with a payload of up to 500g .
See other fun projects from the University of Adelaide such as EDGAR the self balancing scooter , soccer robots , Stumpy a bi-pedal robot , or see all the projects here .
Link
* Illustration : Gluekit
Donnie Darko and Mulholland Drive : Kobal Collection ; Madonna , Ziggy and 2001 : Everett Collection ; Jimmy Corrigan : Chris Ware * 2001 : A Space OdysseyMonoliths instigate evolutionary leaps forward — monkey to human , computer to AI , human to hippie - dippy starchild .
The WallPink 's father dies .
His teachers abuse him .
His mom smothers him .
His wife leaves him .
He 's paranoid and isolated .
Fame is no respite .
UlyssesTwo drunkards meander around Dublin like Odysseus in the Aegean .
Bloom 's wife is cheating on him .
Everyone poops .
Jimmy Corrigan , the Smartest Kid on EarthJimmy relives his granddad 's life .
He finally meets his father , who then dies .
Superman can't save him .
Blade RunnerDeckard is a replicant but does n't know it .
Gaff knows but does n't retire Deckard .
Even fake memories make us human .
Ziggy StardustEarth will be destroyed in five years .
Ziggy is a Martian rock star who sings the news .
He prophesizes the coming of a starman .
Starman bad .
Mulholland Drive
The first two - thirds are a masturbatory fantasy after Diane orders a hit on Camilla ( the characters from the last one - third ) and shoots herself .
Infinite JestTerrorists are chasing the world 's most entertaining movie .
Addiction — to drugs , entertainment , tennis , whatever — is a bitch .
Like a PrayerWhite dudes attack woman .
Black man jailed .
Witness Madonna prays to black Jesus and dreams he lives .
She snitches .
Prisoner freed .
Donnie DarkoParallel universe opens .
Its pending collapse threatens our own .
Donnie sacrifices himself to save us .
Start Previous : Datastream : British Hedgerow Mazes Next : Statgeist : Charting the Wired World
While Nerf guns may be great for office warfare , these rubber band weapons are perfect should you want the upper hand .
Now if there were only a machine to reload them …Continue reading to see more .
Disintegrator
How about a 24 - barrel rubber band gatling gun that fires up to 40 - rounds / second ?
Meet the Disintegrator .
Anthony Smith spent 4 - months building / hard carving this beast , which has a 288 rubber band capacity and is compatible with a tripod .
Band Gatler
Standing 40 - inches tall , the band gatler can be loaded with up to 144 rubber bands and “ effortlessly spins a full 360 degrees and tilts from 45 degrees up to 22 degrees down . ”
Some fans have went the motorized route , but what could be better than turning the handle yourself ?
LEGO Uzi
Not your average rubber band gun , this LEGO Uzi can fire off rounds as fast as one can pull the trigger .
It uses an 8 x 1 LEGO beam , which pivots around its center , for its firing action rather than a cog with hooks .
At the flip of a switch , it can go from semi-automatic to fully - automatic .
Transcript :
Danae : Ah ... balancing the checkbook , eh , Daddy ?
Well , my Magic Math Method will make that task quick and easy !
Just start with the balance you want to have , then simply go back and fill in the number that make it add up !
Bob Pyle : So ... what 's new , Joe ?
Joe Pyle : Well ... I finally understand the allure of supply - side economics .
[ Python - Dev ]
And the winner is ...
Dear Python developers ,
The decision is made !
I 've selected a DVCS to use for Python .
We 're switching to Mercurial ( Hg ) .
The implementation and schedule is still up in the air -- I am hoping that we can switch before the summer .
It 's hard to explain my reasons for choosing -- like most language decisions ( especially the difficult ones ) it 's mostly a matter of gut feelings .
One thing I know is that it 's better to decide now than to spend another year discussing the pros and cons .
All that could be said has been said , pretty much , and my mind is made up .
To me , the advantages of using * some * DVCS are obvious .
At PyCon , Brett already announced that Git was no longer being considered -- while it has obviously many fans , it also provokes strong antipathies .
So it was between Hg and Bzr ( both of which happen to be implemented in Python FWIW ) .
Based on a completely unscientific poll ( basically whatever feedback I received in my personal inbox or on Twitter ) , Hg has a strong following among Python developers and few detractors , while few ( except Canonical employees ) seem to like Bzr .
In addition , most timing experiments point towards
Hg being faster than Bzr for most operations , and Hg is ( again , subjectively ) easier to learn for SVN users than Bzr. -- -- Guido van Rossum ( home page : http://www.python.org/~guido/)
Vatican Excommunicates Doctors , Mother Of Raped 9 Year Old Posted by Pile ( 8557 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
A senior Vatican cleric has defended the excommunication of the mother and doctors of a nine - year - old girl who had an abortion in Brazil after being raped .
The nine year old girl was allegedly raped by her step - father , whom the church has stated will not be excommunicated .
Cardinal Giovanni Battista Re , head of the Catholic church 's Congregation for Bishops , told the daily La Stampa on Saturday that the twins the girl had been carrying had a right to live .
" It is a sad case but the real problem is that the twins conceived were two innocent persons , who had the right to live and could not be eliminated , " he said .
Re , who also heads the Pontifical Commission for Latin America , added : " Life must always be protected , the attack on the Brazilian church is unjustified . "
The row was triggered by the termination on Wednesday of twin foetuses carried by a nine - year - old allegedly raped by her stepfather in the Brazilian state of Pernambuco .
The regional archbishop , Jose Cardoso Sobrinho , pronounced excommunication for the mother for authorising the operation and doctors who carried it out for fear that the slim girl would not survive carrying the foetuses to term .
" God 's law is above any human law .
So when a human law ... is contrary to God 's law , this human law has no value , " Cardoso had said .
He also said the accused stepfather would not be expelled from the church .
Although the man allegedly committed " a heinous crime ... the abortion - the elimination of an innocent life - was more serious " .
Battista
Re agreed , saying : " Excommunication for those who carried out the abortion is just " as a pregnancy termination always meant ending an innocent life .
The case has sparked fierce debate in Brazil , where abortion is illegal except in cases of rape or if the woman 's health is in danger .
Unfortunately , nowhere in the bible does God say abortion is wrong .
Source
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
BRIGHTON —
Pot ruined her prom .
Now 18 - year - old Sarah Heideman wants the school district she says turned her away from the dance to pay for her dress , her dinner , her hair and her tickets .
It ’s an unusual request from someone who was apparently turned away for smelling like marijuana .
But clearly this is an unusual case , a case that calls into question the public ’s acceptance of the state ’s medical marijuana registry .
“ It was so humiliating , ” explained Heideman on Wednesday as she , her boyfriend , and an attorney discussed the incident outside of Brighton High School .
“ I was not allowed inside , ” she said .
Saturday night , Heideman and her date Jason Schweinsberg attempted to go into Wings Over the Rockies Museum in Denver for the Brighton High School Prom .
That ’s when someone at the door apparently smelled marijuana .
It ’s unclear who exactly turned the couple away .
Heideman says a Brighton High School Resource Officer did .
A Brighton Police Department spokesperson says that ’s not true , that a school official did .
And a spokesperson for the school district says a Denver Police officer did .
DPD was called to the scene because the prom was being held in Denver .
Regardless , it ’s clear the couple never made it inside .
That ’s despite the fact that Schweinsberg , 20 , is currently allowed to use marijuana under the state ’s medical marijuana program .
On Wednesday , he said he uses it to deal with intense pain that stems from a serious traffic accident , an accident which left him with , among other things , a fractured skull .
See what Schweinsberg has to say at 9 News.com .
Tune in to conservative talk radio in California , and the insults quickly fly .
Capturing the angry mood of listeners the other day , a popular host in Los Angeles called Republican lawmakers who voted to raise state taxes “ a bunch of weak slobs . ”
With their trademark ferocity , radio stars who helped engineer Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s rise in the 2003 recall have turned on him over the new tax increases .
On stations up and down the state , they are chattering away in hopes of igniting a taxpayers ’ revolt to kill his budget measures on the May 19 ballot .
But for all the anti-tax swagger and the occasional stunts by personalities like KFI ’s John and Ken , the reality is that conservative talk radio in California is on the wane .
The economy ’s downturn has depressed ad revenue at stations across the state , thinning the ranks of conservative broadcasters .
For that and other reasons , stations have dropped the shows of at least half a dozen radio personalities and scaled back others , in some cases replacing them with cheaper nationally syndicated programs .
Advertisement
Casualties include Mark Larson in San Diego , Larry Elder and John Ziegler in Los Angeles , Melanie Morgan in San Francisco , and Phil Cowen and Mark Williams in Sacramento .
Two of the biggest in the business , Roger Hedgecock in San Diego and Tom Sullivan in Sacramento , have switched to national shows , elevating President Obama above Schwarzenegger on their target lists .
Another influential Sacramento host , Eric Hogue , has lost the morning rush - hour show that served as a prime forum to gin up support for the recall of Gov. Gray Davis .
Now he airs just an hour a day at lunchtime on KTKZ - AM ( 1380 ) .
“ It ’s lonely , it ’s quiet , and it ’s a shame , ” Hogue said of California ’s shrinking conservative radio world .
“ I think this state has lost a lot of benefit .
I do n’t know if we can grow it back any time soon . ”
Advertisement
The immediate question facing the state ’s conservative radio hosts is whether they can wield enough clout to block Schwarzenegger ’s ballot measures in May .
They portray them as reckless proposals that would hasten California ’s economic decline .
The worst , they say , is Proposition 1A , which would extend billions of dollars in tax increases for an extra two years , even while it imposes a spending cap long sought by conservatives .
In a special election likely to draw a dismal turnout , they hope that those most upset by the $ 12.5 billion in new taxes will be the ones most strongly motivated to cast ballots .
Their inspiration is Proposition 13 , the 1978 ballot measure that capped property - tax increases .
“ What we see is a significant parallel between what is happening now and what happened in 1977 and 1978 , when established political elites , whether in the media or in Sacramento , pooh - poohed the idea of a taxpayer revolt , ” said Inga Barks , whose talk show airs in Bakersfield and Fresno .
“ People are very upset . ”
Unless organized labor -- which is divided on the budget measures -- spends millions of dollars to get its supporters to vote , “ the only other ones who are going to show up at the polls are the die - hard , true - blue American voters , and those are the ones who listen to talk radio , ” Barks said .
Advertisement
Still , in a state that Obama won handily in November , a decisive conservative push - back against the tax - spend - and - borrow ballot measures is far from certain .
The older white Republicans who tend to listen to conservative radio are a shrinking portion of the state ’s voters .
It ’s also no sure bet that the radio shows are converting listeners who might disagree with their agenda .
“ All these people are going to vote the conservative line anyway , or they would n’t be listening to those shows , ” said Jim Nygren , a Republican strategist .
Conservative radio reached its peak in California in 2003 , when stations prodded listeners to sign petitions for an election to recall Davis , then drummed up GOP support for Schwarzenegger as his replacement .
Advertisement
Since then , it has been a favorite ad vehicle for Republican candidates and causes , such as Proposition 8 , which banned same - sex marriage last November .
Leading the charge against Proposition 1A are John Kobylt and Ken Chiampou , whose afternoon drive - time show on Los Angeles ’ KFI - AM ( 640 ) draws 670,000 listeners a week , according to the Arbitron ratings agency .
That makes them the most popular conservative talk radio hosts in the state .
Day after day , they pound Schwarzenegger and the Republican lawmakers who joined Democrats in approving the tax increases .
They are encouraging recall drives against the legislators .
Their website features pictures of the governor and the lawmakers -- with their severed heads on sticks .
“ They ’re all pretty shaken up by it , ” said Nygren , who counts some of the lawmakers as clients .
Advertisement
Last week , John and Ken urged listeners to show up with tax - revolt signs “ outside Octomom ’s house , ” taking advantage of the media presence surrounding Nadya Suleman , the Whittier mother of octuplets .
“ It ’s guerrilla warfare , ” one of the hosts said .
Many of the others on California ’s conservative radio circuit are less belligerent .
“ It does n’t need to be ranting and raving all the time , ” Hedgecock said .
And apart from KFI , whose morning show with Bill Handel draws 652,000 listeners a week , the California shows are far less popular .
The only hosts of conservative programs with a weekly audience of more than 100,000 are Doug McIntyre of KABC ( 790 ) in Los Angeles , Lee Rodgers of KSFO ( 560 ) in San Francisco and Rick Roberts of KFMB ( 760 ) in San Diego .
Advertisement
“ The content is the same , ” said Hogue , “ but it does n’t have the reach it once did .
There are major players gone . ”
--
michael.finnegan@latimes.com
PEOPLE ASK WHY
Why I Carry a Gun I do n't carry a gun to kill people .
I carry a gun to keep from being killed .
I do n't carry a gun to scare people .
I carry a gun because sometimes this world can be a scary place .
I do n't carry a gun because I 'm paranoid .
I carry a gun because there are real threats in the world .
I do n't carry a gun because I 'm evil .
I carry a gun because I have lived long enough to see the evil in the world and the necessity to protect myself from it .
I do n't carry a gun because I hate the government .
I carry a gun because I understand the constitutional limitations of government .
I do n't carry a gun because I 'm angry .
I carry a gun so that I do n't have to spend the rest of my life hating myself for failing to be prepared to protect my family and property .
I do n't carry a gun because I want to shoot someone .
I carry a gun because I want to die at a ripe old age in my bed , and not on a sidewalk somewhere tomorrow afternoon .
I do n't carry a gun just because I 'm constitutionally guaranteed this right .
I carry a gun because history has proven it to be the final defense against a tyrannical , oppressive , police state - type of government .
I do n't carry a gun to make me feel like a superior person .
I carry a gun because only those prepared know how to take care of themselves and the ones they love .
I do n't carry a gun because I feel inadequate .
I carry a gun because being unarmed and facing three armed thugs , I am inadequate and probably get killed .
I do n't carry a gun because I love it .
I carry a gun because I love life and the people who make it meaningful to me .
Police Protection is an oxymoron .
Free citizens must protect themselves .
Police do not protect you from crime , they usually just investigate the crime after it happens and then call someone in to clean up the mess .
Personally , I carry a gun because I 'm too young to die and too old to give up my liberty and freedom .
..... author unknown **********************************************
A LITTLE GUN HISTORY
In 1929 , the Soviet Union established gun control .
From 1929 to 1953 , about 20 million dissidents , unable to defend themselves , were rounded up and exterminated .
------------------------------
In 1911 , Turkey established gun control .
From 1915 to 1917 , 1.5 million Armenians , unable to defend themselves , were rounded up and exterminated .
------------------------------
Germany established gun control in 1938 and from 1939 to 1945 , a total of 13 million peaceful citizens who were unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated .
------------------------------
China established gun control in 1935 .
From 1948 to 1952 , 20 million political dissidents , unable to defend themselves , were rounded up and exterminated .
------------------------------
Guatemala established gun control in 1964 .
From 1964 to 1981 , 100,000 Mayan Indians , unable to defend themselves , were rounded up and exterminated .
------------------------------
Uganda established gun control in 1970 .
From 1971 to 1979 , 300,000 innocents , unable to defend themselves , were rounded up and exterminated .
------------------------------
Cambodia established gun control in 1956 .
From 1975 to 1977 , one million educated people , unable to defend themselves , were rounded up and exterminated .
-----------------------------
Defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in the 20th Century because of gun control : 56 million .
------------------------------
With guns , we are ' citizens ' .
Without them , we are ' subjects ' .
With guns , we are " free " !
Without them , we are " slaves " !
During WWII the Japanese decided not to invade America because they knew most Americans were ARMED !
Now , because the U.S. government and DHS are so fearful of 90 - million , well - armed , law - abiding American citizens , they have n't declared martial law .
If you value your freedom , please spread this anti-gun control message to all of your friends .
The purpose of fighting is to win .
There is no possible victory being defenseless .
The sword is more important than the shield , and skill is more important than either .
The final weapon is the brain .
All else is supplemental .
SWITZERLAND ISSUES a gun to EVERY HOUSEHOLD and provides training !
SWITZERLAND HAS THE LOWEST GUN - RELATED CRIME RATE OF ANY CIVILIZED COUNTRY IN THE WORLD .
IT 'S A NO - BRAINER !
DON'T LET OUR GOVERNMENT WASTE MILLIONS OF OUR TAX DOLLARS IN AN EFFORT TO MAKE ALL LAW - ABIDING CITIZENS AN EASY TARGET .
I 'm a firm believer in the 2nd Amendment !
If you are too , please forward .
bento #37 Headcrabs from Half - Life February 21 , 2009
Posted by AnnaTheRed in bento blog ( all ) Tags : bento
My boyfriend has been playing a lot of older games lately .
He was telling me that there were some games he never actually finished , and wants to finish them before he bought any new games .
One of the games happened to have cute fleshy bug looking creatures a.k. a headcrabs .
Bento # 37 : Headcrabs from Half - Life
Created and eaten on :2/3/2009
I actually never played Half - Life , but even if you ’re a casual game player , you ’ll probably know what the deal with crowbar and headcrab is .
The plot of Half - Life is pretty complicated to say the least .
But if I were to describe the game , the game is Sci-Fi FPS ( science fiction first - person shooter ) game .
You ’ll have to kill fictional alien parasites , and the poor zombified people who have become a host of this alien .
The headcrab looks very similar to a face hugger from Alien , and they move around on the ground jumping at you shrieking .
You can acquire fancy guns in the game , but when you do n’t have guns or out of ammo , you ’ll have to use a crowbar .
A lot of gamers found fighting aliens with a crowbar in a sci- fi setting pretty awesome , and the crowbar became somewhat of an iconic weapon amongst a lot of gamers , and there are a lot of “ crowbar references ” in many games .
( You can actually finish the whole game just using crowbar as well . )
When I was watching my boyfriend play Half - Life , they started to look rather cute than scary , so I decided to make a bento of them .
For the background , I sliced renkon ( lotus root ) and sauteed them and laid them on a bento box .
I mixed rice with black sesame seed and salt ( see “ how to dye rice naturally ” ) and put it on the top of the renkon .
To make the rice look like the ground in perspective ( just like when you ’re playing the game ) , I put broccoli along the sides of rice .
For the headcrabs , I cooked bacon , cut it into small bits , and mixed it with potato salad I had made the night before .
I shaped it like the body of the headcrab , and used a toothpick to make the mouth part .
First I tried frying it , but the bacon inside the potato salad started to pop in the oil and it just fell a apart …
So I placed them on baking sheet and baked them until they were brown .
I think the headcrab came out great .
The bacon bits in golden brown potato looks just like the headcrab yet delicious !
While I was baking the headcrab , I cut potato into ” > ” shapes and fried them .
After I finished frying the fried potato legs , I placed the headcrabs on the rice , and stuck fried potato into the body .
Then I cut kamaboko ( fish cake ) for its teeth and stuck it underneath the body .
I placed fake crab meat on the rice and made the tip of the crowbar with boiled konnyaku ( yam cake ) .
The konnyaku was n’t very stable , so I put konnyaku and fake crab meat together with raw pasta .
I put the Half - Life logo I had cut out with seaweed the night before and put it on a slice of cheese and cut the cheese around the seaweed .
To finish it off , I put a little bit of the sauce for hamburg we had the night before on headcrab for blood , and it was done !
Then I realized that it looked a little too gloomy …
I mean , the real game does look creepy and scary , but it ’s a bento after all .
So I sliced carrot , made little flowers , and put them on the bento .
( see “ how to make vegetable flowers ” ) I think it did brighten up the bento a little .
My boyfriend did n’t mind them though , he liked how realistic the headcrabs looked and they were quite delicious . 😀
Headcrab :
– potato salad with bacon
– fried potato for its legs
– kamaboko ( fish cake ) for its teeth
– hamburg sauce
Crowbar :
– fake crab meat
– konnyaku ( yam cake )
Vegetable flowers :
– carrot
Other food :
– rice mixed with black sesame seed and salt
– renkon ( lotus root )
– broccoli
For more pictures of my bento , visit Bento ! set and Bento details !
set on my flickr page .
Boy , did I pick an interesting week in which to join Twitter : First I join up ( @twailgum ) last Thursday .
The very next day someone named Oprah Winfrey goes out there and steals all my thunder .
The nerve !
The Twitter world was abuzz when Ashton Kutcher finally bested CNN in their duel to first reach 1 million followers .
Then , of course , Twitter 's servers had to work extra hard to keep up with the media - enabled crush of new Tweeters like me - soccer moms , book clubbers , yo - yo dieters and other curious folks wondering what this whole Twitter thing is all about .
The resulting " Oprah Effect " on Twitter 's back - end operations caused a couple of issues for users .
During my first six days , for instance , my profile page displayed just one icon out of the numerous people I was following : Professional golfer Stewart Cink .
Though I was n't alone ( Twitter 's help page noted this kind of problem was pervasive ) , I felt as though it made me look some kind of a stalker of professional golfers named Stewart .
Anyway , before I continue with my early thoughts on Twitter , let me acknowledge something :
Not too long ago , I was the cranky blogger writing headlines such as :
" Wake Up People !
Forget Twitter and iPhone Apps , and Focus on SAP and ERP Apps . "
In " 10 Things I Hate About Tech , " number 5 was this gem : " Twitter .
Tweet this : NOBODY REALLY CARES WHAT YOU ARE DOING RIGHT NOW ! "
I 've had no love for Facebook , either : " Why I 'm Just Saying No to Facebook " and to further prove my point , " Bill Gates and I Both Say No to Facebook . "
So what happened to me ?
Two Mondays ago , the higher - ups at my company politely informed the online editorial staff that we all should have Twitter accounts by week 's end , and I like having food , clothing and shelter .
( Feel free to call me whatever you please .
I can take it .
This week , several commenters called me a deragatory term that I have n't heard since high school . )
My next admission - my mea tweeta , if you will - probably wo n't surprise you : I like Twitter .
I was excited at first , and a little overwhelmed - the tweets come fast and furious at times .
It 's hard to keep up with all the tweets .
I felt pressured to read them all and click on the links .
( Bad idea . )
But by the end of the first day I was using Twitter 's TweetDeck application , which is very cool and quite helpful from a " visual organization " standpoint .
I can also see real value for my profession : the ability to listen to , query and interact with a vibrant community that cares about the same things I do ( enterprise systems and ERP failures and ground - breaking SaaS rollouts and healing long - standing business - IT fractures ) .
I 've also felt some unexpected anxiety over a couple of things :
Should I automatically follow someone who follows me ?
( Seems impolite not to , though I 'm still wading through that process . )
Am I tweeting too much ?
Too little ?
Or not re-tweeting others ' work enough , which is one of the more interesting aspects of Twitter ?
I also publicly tweeted something I had no desire to publicly tweet .
( Yikes . )
Of course , it would hugely hypocritical of me to become one of those people blasting random 140 - character non-sequiturs to the masses - the very Twitter user who I mercilessly ridiculed
just a couple of months ago .
Yeah , that 's not me .
Not yet , anyway .
Do you Tweet ?
Follow me on Twitter @twailgum .
Follow everything from CIO.com on Twitter @CIOonline .
This story , " Twitter Has a Great Week " was originally published by CIO .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
While Time Warner ( NYSE : TWX ) CEO Jeff Bewkes has been talking up TV Everywhere , NBC ( NYSE : GE ) quietly has been planning once again to limit live broadband viewing of the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver to pay TV subscribers — but with tougher authentication .
Live streaming will be offered to cable , satellite and telecom multichannel subscribers whose distributors agree to a deal with NBC Universal ; last summer , Cablevision ( NYSE : CVC ) subs were blocked because the Long Island operator did n’t sign on .
Sports Business Journal reported the plan and we have confirmed it .
NBC had no comment .
Only one - fifth of the broadband video delivered for the Beijing Olympics was live , probably both because of the limitations and a decision to keep high - interest events like swimming and gymnastics for live TV .
NBC Universal ’s cable networks have played a vital role in the GE unit ’s Olympic strategy , which spreads live and tape - delayed content across its various networks and NBCOlympics.com .
At the same time , cable operators have raised concerns about paying for channels when viewers can see the same content online , while programmers have been looking for ways to make content available across platforms without cannibalizing license fees .
One batch of solutions includes making more cable programming available online but only to multichannel subscribers .
Every solution involves some form of authentication that proves a user is a subscriber of an affiliated distributor — Comcast ( NSDQ : CMCSA ) , Cox , AT&T ( NYSE : T ) U - Verse , DirecTV ( NYSE : DTV ) , etc .
As SBJ ’s John Ourand explains it , NBC ’s authentication system , scheduled for testing this summer , “ is designed to match internet users to their cable company based on the consumers
Click
for your version of An Owned Life .
Here is a wonderful videos that talks about introducing another to BDSM .
Give it a view to learn some pointers of approaching your significant other with the lifestyle .
Enlarge By Bob Donnan for USA TODAY Sarah Susanka , photographed in her office addition , says Americans are embracing living smaller .
" There 's a shift in the culture , " she says .
IMPROVE THE SPACE YOU HAVE IMPROVE THE SPACE YOU HAVE Enlarge Sarah Susanka 's remodeling tips : 1 . Set priorities .
Of three factors -- quality , quantity and cost -- determine which two are the most important and let the other " float . "
2 . Examine your space .
Look at what can be done within the existing footprint .
List activities to be accommodated , recognizing that a place is needed but not necessarily an entire room .
3 . Study storage .
A little well - designed storage in the right place can replace a lot of poorly designed storage , opening up floor space in areas that are currently too small to function properly .
4 . Bump out a little .
Adding just a few feet to a space can contain costs and maintain a house ’s scale .
5 . Add on with grace .
If none of the above strategies meet your needs , and the budget allows , a small addition may be the best option .
Consider what each exterior face of the house will look like .
When architect Sarah Susanka remodeled her kitchen , she did n't use pricey granite or edgy concrete for her countertops .
She used laminate .
Her cabinets : Ikea .
" You can save thousands of dollars " by using simple materials in a well - designed space , says Susanka , author of the best - selling 1998 book The Not So Big House .
For more than a decade , she has urged people to build better , not bigger .
Now , as the U.S. economy struggles to climb out of a tailspin and environmental concerns rise , her message has gone mainstream .
New homes , after doubling in size since 1960 , are shrinking .
Last year , for the first time in at least 10 years , the average square footage of single - family homes under construction fell dramatically , from 2,629 in the second quarter to 2,343 in the fourth quarter , Census data show .
The new motto : living well with less .
" There 's a shift in the culture , " says Susanka , whose new book , Not So Big Remodeling , helps homeowners use existing space better .
She says the economy has forced people to rethink McMansions and focus instead on what they need .
Other architects agree .
" It 's a return to common sense and what really matters , " says architect Marianne Cusato , who designed the Katrina Cottage , a modular kit house for people who were displaced by the 2005 hurricane .
Cusato says the banking collapse last fall prompted her to co-design what she calls " The New Economy Home . "
In 1,500 square feet , it has three bathrooms , a half - bath and four bedrooms , one of which can be used as a rental unit .
" It 's a small house that lives large , " Cusato says .
She plans to begin selling the floor plan on her website as early as April .
" It 's sad that it took a complete economic meltdown " for people to appreciate smaller homes , but at least something good can come from it , says Michelle Kaufmann , author of Prefab Green , published last month .
Kaufmann , a California architect who designs compact , factory - built , eco-friendly homes , says she 's busier than ever because " these concepts are resonating on a mass level . "
One of her modern homes is on display in the backyard of Chicago 's Museum of Science and Industry .
She says new gadgets , such as the iPhone , have helped consumers see that bigger is not always better .
Now , she says , " we want more out of less . "
The shrinking dream Kaufmann and others expect the shift in attitudes to persist even after the economy recovers .
" This will remain a trend .
I do n't expect this ( home size ) to come back up , " says Gopal Ahluwalia , vice president of research for the National Association of Home Builders .
Nine of 10 builders surveyed by NAHB this year say they 're building or planning smaller , lower - priced homes than in the past .
" We do n't need big homes , " he says .
" Family size has been declining for the past 35 years . "
Home sizes tend to stagnate during recessions , says Kermit Baker , chief economist of the American Institute of Architects .
He expects that when the economy recovers , many first - time or middle - income buyers may want more square footage than they can now afford .
Baker says plummeting home values , however , have caused many people to stop seeing houses as an investment but rather as a place to live .
He says home - size declines probably will continue among high - end buyers , who began scaling back even before the recession .
Steve Alloy , president of Virginia - based Stanley Martin Homes , says he started seeing that shift a few years ago and as a result began offering smaller floor plans .
In the past eight months , he has introduced two models that are each under 2,000 square feet .
In the Tucson area , Jeffrey Mezger says two - thirds of his houses that have sold in the past 90 days were less than 1,600 square feet .
" In these economic times , people are more practical , " says Mezger , chief executive officer of KB Homes , one of the nation 's largest home builders .
He says consumers , who were hit by record gas prices last summer , are also more concerned about utility bills , so energy efficiency has become more important .
Two years ago , he says , the average KB house was about 2,400 square feet , which can easily accommodate four bedrooms and three bathrooms .
He expects it could drop to 1,500 or 1,600 this year .
In many communities , his models now start at 1,000 square feet .
In Houston , KB Homes has an 880 - square - foot house for $ 63,995 .
" We could have gotten a bigger home " but chose instead better flooring , lighting , countertops and cabinetry , says Jennifer Kovatch , 24 , an accounting manager .
Next month in Corona , Calif. , she and her fiancé are buying their first home .
It has three bedrooms , not four .
" We traded an extra bedroom for upgrades . "
Carole Conley and her husband had $ 1 million to spend when they went house - hunting in the Washington , D.C. , suburbs .
They could have bought a 5,000 - square - foot home but decided against it .
" We 're a couple looking to our elderly years , " she says , adding they want a house that will be easy to maintain when they retire .
So they 're buying a well - designed 2,000 - square - foot rambler and plan to add 700 square feet .
As an interior designer , Christine Brun sees a " complete reversal " from a decade ago .
Now , she says , her clients are clamoring for less square footage , and manufacturers are responding with smaller furniture and appliances .
" You 're almost unpatriotic to live so large , " says Brun , author of Small Space Living , published last month .
She says Baby Boomers want to downsize , and young eco-minded adults " do n't care if they live in 500 square feet .
They just want cool stuff . "
Between those attitudes and a crashing economy , she sees big prospects for smaller houses : " It 's like a perfect storm . "
" The key to small homes is connectedness , " Cusato says , adding that people do n't need as much interior space for entertainment or exercise if they live near parks , shops or other people .
" I grew up in Alaska , and we played outside all the time .
We could walk everywhere in our neighborhood . "
How to live well with less
For years as an adult , Cusato lived in New York apartments with less than 300 square feet .
She says she lived outside , in her community , as much as inside , where she simplified her belongings .
She told her family not to give her any more " tchotchkes . "
" Build what you need .
Build what inspires you , " Susanka says .
" Do n't build to impress your neighbors . "
As a best - selling author , Susanka could have built a grand home .
She chose instead a 2,200 - square - foot Cape Cod with a big front porch and " three perfectly proportioned " dormers on a lot that looks like country but is close to the airport , a good grocery store and a beautiful lake with walking paths .
" What more could we ask ? " she writes in her new book .
She later added 200 square feet for her office .
She and her husband both work from home , so office space accounts for one - third of their square footage .
" I do n't feel we need more space , " she says .
If designed right , she says , less space can work well .
" There are lots of things that can be done without spending a lot of money , " Susanka says .
She tells readers to think about how they really live and , if they feel they 're short on space , to repurpose rooms that are rarely used , such as formal living and dining rooms .
She says rooms can and should do " double duty . "
If they still feel more space is needed , she says , often a small addition will suffice .
Susanka says the push to living smaller " at some point had to happen , " because McMansions use more resources and are not environmentally sustainable .
" We 're in the midst of a pendulum swing , " she says .
" What will come of this will be a more balanced home . "
READERS : What 's the square footage of your home ?
In how small of a space could you manage ?
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
How My Brain Kept Me from Co-Founding YouTube
Flickr blew my mind when it appeared back in 2004 .
I 'd read all the articles about building web pages that load quickly : crunching down the HTML , hand - tweaking GIFs , clever reuse of images .
I was immersed in the late 1990s culture of website optimization .
Then here comes a site that is 100 % based around viewing large quantities of memory - hungry photos .
And the size of photos was put entirely in the users ' hands : images could be over - sharpened ( which makes the JPEGs significantly larger ) or uploaded with minimal compression settings .
Users could click on on the " show all sizes " button and view the full glory of a 5 MB photo .
Just viewing a single 200K mid-sized version would outweigh any attempts to mash down the surrounding HTML many times over .
While still trying to figure out how the bandwidth bar had suddenly jumped to an unfathomable height , along comes this site that does the same thing as Flickr ... but with VIDEOS .
Now you 've got people idly clicking around for an hour , streaming movies the entire time , or people watching full thirty minute episodes of sitcoms online .
Not only was there no paranoia about bandwidth , but the entire premise of the site was to let people request vast and continual amounts of data .
Such an audacious idea was so far away from the technical comfort zone I had constructed that I would never would have contemplated its potential existence .
I 've learned my lesson .
And yet I see people continually make the same mistake in far more conservative ways :
" On a 64 - bit machine , each element in an Erlang list is sixteen bytes , which is completely unacceptable . "
" Smalltalk has a 64MB image file , which is ridiculous .
I 'm not going to ship that to customers . "
" I would never use an IDE that required a 2 GB download ! "
I see these as written declarations of someone 's arbitrary limitations and technical worries .
Such statements almost always have no bearing on reality and what will be successful or not .
permalink April 7 , 2009
previously
Apology to Rush Limbaugh aside , new Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele is coming under fire from his own GOP troops to shut up and focus on his job of organizing the party and raising money , not fighting with his own political kind .
Several Republican advisers to Congress and the previous Bush administration told Whispers that they are worried that the war of words is fracturing the party when it should be healing the division between conservatives and moderates in the wake of the 2008 election .
“ What is amazing is that Steele was elected because of his communications skills , and it is those skills that are damaging the Republican Party .
Before people begin to completely judge him as worthless , Steele needs to focus and knuckle down on building a strong foundation at RNC so we can begin rebuilding our majority , ” says a top GOP strategist who has worked for House and Senate Republican leaders .
“ If his implosion continues , RNC members are likely to call a special session to dump him for an effective chairman .
There is not much patience for failure . ”
Oh lordy lordy , I do n’t have cable , but I am more entertained than ever at the utter collapse of message control within the allegedly - disciplined and together Republican Party .
What amuses me is that some of these folks are reacting as if Steele is doing damage to the harmonious right - wing coalition .
Nah , it ’s just time for all that to unravel .
What connects an American Taliban fundamentalist to a neoconservative warmonger to a fiscal conservative Republican ?
Why is this a natural state of being ?
It ai n’t but I ’m amused that the transparent “ we have a black guy too ” motivations of this image - heavy , substance - light fraying coalition are being exposed .
Dear GOP , you ca n’t grab just any woman .
You ca n’t grab just any brown guy .
You ca n’t grab just any black guy .
Your house is in all kinds of disarray , and in this time of chaos , when America has clearly voted for the more thoughtful , energetic , positive and analytical president , your party is lining up behind Rush Limbaugh , a loud hack and a drug addict who ’s never lead anything , never organized anybody , never been held accountable for the words he ’s said much less the actions he ’s taken as a representative of anyone other than himself .
Good luck with that .
Get at me when you grow up .
According to today 's press conference , the Zodiac Killer was some guy named Guy Ward Hendrickson .
Whatever .
But here 's where it gets good : Hendrickson allegedly took his daughter , Deborah Perez , along with him for the murders .
Perez spoke at today 's press conference .
Here are just a few of her wild claims .
During the shooting deaths , he told her the gun shots were firecrackers .
She stamped the envelopes containing the cryptic letters sent out to local media .
She embroidered the mask he wore while committing his notorious acts .
During a routine police stop , he stuck his gun in the back of her pants .
This happened just after the 4th of July killings .
She also said he killed between 30 and 40 people .
He lived in Orange County .
Of course .
He apologized on his deathbed .
The murders seemed to be a " special activity " between her and her dad .
Allegedly .
But here 's the rub , Perez says she wrote some of the letters herself and that she saw a composite on America 's Most Wanted in 2007 of her father as the Zodiac Killer , and began to remember it all .
So , you know , she may be delusional in addition to being sanity - estranged .
( However , according to attorney Kevin McLean , the man who lead this most recent investigation , " Everyone is going to say she is crazy , but we had psychologists examine Ms. Perez . "
Word is , though , that McLean is n't a beacon of mental clarity himself . )
For many years , people fingered Arthur Leigh Allen , a child molester from Vallejo who died in 1992 , as the Zodiac Killer .
Schumer : DOJ should investigate Red Cross reports of torture David Edwards and Rachel Oswald
Published : Wednesday April 8 , 2009
Print This Email
This A powerful Democrat has added his voice to those calling for a federal investigation into reports of torture at Guantanamo Bay and at black site prisons abroad .
In light of the startling revelations that came to light this week with the publishing of a Red Cross report , which documented in gruesome detail interrogation practices such as suffocation by water , beating by collar and prolonged nudity , Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) told MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow that he would support a Department of Justice investigation into the reported torture .
" President Obama said he doesnt want to spend all his time looking back .
Fair enough .
But he has also said egregious violations should be prosecuted , " said Schumer , who is a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
" The most logical , best place to start is the Justice Department .
They havent said if they are going to do it or not ...
If they wont do it , someone else is going to have to do it .
But they should be given the first crack . "
Maddow had originally asked the senator if he would support a Judiciary Committee - led investigation .
By saying that he supported a Justice - led investigation first , Schumer seemed to say that he was not giving his support to Judiciary Committee Chairman Sen.
Patrick Leahy 's ( D - VT ) ' Truth Commission ' proposal , which has received the support of committee members Sen.
Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - RI ) .
" I have some faith in [ Attorney General ] Eric Holder and the Obama administration on this issue .
The first day they said , ' OK , waterboarding is torture , ' " Schumer said .
Journalist Mark Danner , who obtained the report by the International Committee of the Red Cross and published it on the New York Review of Books '
Web site , told Maddow that he was concerned that the ICRC 's ability to get into prisons to check on the health of prisoners might be affected by the report 's leaking .
That concern , however , was outweighed by a greater need for American society to know what took place at the prisons , he said .
" The publication of the report is in the public interest , " defended Danner .
" It describes in unprecedentedly vivid terms what was done in the black sites by American interrogators and American Central Intelligence agents .
And it does so at a time when ... former vice president of the United States , Dick Cheney , is claiming that all of these activities were done legally , according to the Constitution and that furthermore , they were necessary to protect the country . "
According to Danner , it is very important that Americans read for themselves the first - person accounts of 14 detainees in the 40 - page ICRC report of the abuse they suffered while in the custody of U.S. forces .
Danner also took up the call for an investigation .
" I think its enormously important that we have a societally agreed on investigation undertaken by people who can speak with authoritative voices that will show not only what was done , but whether or not real intelligence vital to the country was gained by the use of these techniques , " Danner said .
" Because the former president and the former vice president claim that these particular procedures , which the Red Cross calls ' torture , ' unequivocally , were necessary to protecting the country . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Apr. 7 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Schumer : DOJ should investigate torture / Red Cross report
Sen . Chuck Schumer told MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow that the Justice Department should investigate torture of detainees that took place during the Bush administration .
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Apr. 7 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Brainstorming space
Turns out that brainstorming is an epigraphic activity — something best done on walls .
Reading and writing on walls is a different function than reading a book .
A broad wall - view is an ideal approach for collaborative design — multiple views in a single glance .
Thus the tremendous interest in flip charts , graphic capture , doodling , giant post-its , whiteboards , and all the electronic equivalents of those .
By far the cheapest and easiest epigraphic display is a large whiteboard .
And when it comes to whiteboards , you ca n’t be too big .
The Cheapest :
I was able to get a magnificently large — 4 by 8 feet –and fabulously cheap whiteboard for all of $ 13 at Home Depot .
What you want is the Solid White Tileboard ( sometimes called Melamine tile wall panel ) used as a tile substitute in bathrooms .
Some know it as showerboard because a couple of sheets of this and you have a nice waterproof shower stall .
You ’ll need a $ 1 tube of panel adhesive to glue this 1/8 inch surface to the wall or a piece of plywood .
Melamine is the same stuff official whiteboards are made from .
These huge sheets are slick and work perfectly well with dry - erase markers .
You can cover an entire wall for $ 50 .
You can also cut it into smaller pieces with a regular circular saw .
The Best :
Upscale from the tileboard guerrilla wall , the premium epigraphic surface is ceramic coated metal .
When I built my office / studio I covered an entire wall with this material .
It takes a dry - erase marker with ease , but it also accept magnets , so it can double as a pin board .
I layout books in progress , hang blueprints , charts , maps , or use it as an art galley — whatever .
When using markers on it there is zero ghosting after erasing ( sometimes a slight problem with Melamine ) .
This ceramic coated steel also comes in eye - saving low - gloss light gray color , so the blazing white of a whole wall is significantly muted , yet it has plenty of contrast for any marker color .
This stuff is called P3 Ceramicsteel , and it is not cheap ( at least when covering a whole wall ) .
You can get them as an unadorned sheet ( a special order ) , without frames or mounting , but they usuallly come mounted on particle board with an alumium backing .
These now cost about $ 200 per 4 x 8 foot sheet .
I used the same material for small magnetic boards near my desk .
-- KK
Jim Brown
An Air Force
One lookalike , the backup plane for the one regularly used by the president , flew low over parts of New York and New Jersey on Monday morning , accompanied by two F - 16 fighters , so Air Force photographers could take pictures high above the New York harbor .
But the exercise — conducted without any notification to the public — caused momentary panic in some quarters and led to the evacuation of several buildings in Lower Manhattan and Jersey City .
By the afternoon , the situation had turned into a political fuse box , with Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg saying that he was “ furious ” that he had not been told in advance about the flyover .
At 4:39 p.m. Monday , the White House issued an apology for the flyover .
Louis E. Caldera , director of the White House Military Office , who served in the Clinton administration as secretary of the Army , said in a statement :
Last week , I approved a mission over New York .
I take responsibility for that decision .
While federal authorities took the proper steps to notify state and local authorities in New York and New Jersey , it ’s clear that the mission created confusion and disruption .
I apologize and take responsibility for any distress that flight caused .
The mission on Monday , officials said , was set up to create an iconic shot of Air Force One , similar to one that was taken in recent years over the Grand Canyon .
When President Obama learned of the episode on Monday afternoon , aides said , he , too , was furious .
Senior administration officials conveyed the president ’s anger in a meeting with Mr. Caldera on Monday afternoon .
A senior administration official said that an F.A.A. official notified Mayor Bloomberg ’s office last week about the flyover .
She said that Marc Mugnos , the director of operations in the office of citywide event coordination and management , was the official notified about the Air Force operation .
The flyover , which began around 10 a.m. , resulted in widespread confusion and a flood of calls to emergency hot lines .
Perplexed officials at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and other authorities were inundated with calls from anxious ferry passengers , office workers and residents .
The mayor said the Police Department and someone in his administration – he did not say who – received an e-mail from the Federal Aviation Administration late on Thursday , informing them that there would be “ a fly - by for a photo - op , as they described it . ”
However , Mr. Bloomberg said he was not apprised of the flyover until his BlackBerry started buzzing this morning with messages from people asking if he knew what was going on .
He characterized it as a breakdown in communication that “ will never happen again . ”
“ First thing is , I ’m annoyed – furious is a better word – that I was n’t told , ” he said at a City Hall news conference held to discuss the swine flu cluster in Queens .
In unusually harsh language , the mayor criticized the Defense Department for conducting the exercise and the Federal Aviation Administration for being secretive about it .
Jim Peters , an F.A.A. spokesman , said “ the photo op was approved and coordinated with everyone . ”
Notification was made in advance to the mayor ’s office , “ including its 911 and 311 operation centers , ” the New York City Police Department , the New Jersey State Police , the United States Park Police and other agencies , he said .
The Police Department confirmed that it had been notified about the event but said it had been barred from alerting the public .
“ The flight of a VC - 25 aircraft and F - 16 fighters this morning was authorized by the F.A.A. for the vicinity of the Statue of Liberty with directives to local authorities not to disclose information about it but to direct any inquiries to the F.A.A. Air Traffic Security Coordinator , ” the Police Department said in a statement .
The mayor criticized the secrecy around the flyover .
The e-mail notification “ did have the normal language of saying this is sensitive information , should be distributed on a need - to - know basis , that they did not plan to have any publicity about it , which I think is ridiculous and just poor judgment , ” Mr. Bloomberg said .
He added :
Why the Defense Department wanted to do a photo - op right around the site of the World Trade Center catastrophe defies imagination .
Poor judgment would be a nice ways to phrase it , but they did .
I also think that once they had told us , we should have done a better job .
Had I known about it , I would have called them right away and asked them not to .
It is the federal government and they can do in the end what they please , but I would have tried to stop it .
I do n’t know there ’s a lot else to say other than they should n’t have done it .
Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , said Monday afternoon that he was unaware of the flyover .
At his daily press briefing , Mr. Gibbs initially referred questions to the F.A.A. and the Air Force .
When told that those government offices were referring questions to the White House , Mr. Gibbs said : “ I have no information on this other than what I saw . ”
Mr. Gibbs , pressed by reporters , said he had seen news reports of the flyover , but declared : “ I was working on other things .
You might be surprised to know that I do n’t know every movement of Air Force One . ”
Later , he added that he would look into the matter .
The flyover was scheduled for 10 to 10:30 a.m .
The plane is designated by the Defense Department as a VC - 25 but is recognizable to the public as a Boeing 747 .
Dan Kohn
Unaware of the planned exercise , hundreds of office workers flooded out of buildings , worried about the prospect of terrorism .
“ People came pouring out of the buildings , the American Express Building , all the buildings in the financial district by the water , ” said Edward Acker , a photographer who was at the building , 3 World Financial Center .
“ And even the construction guys over by 100 North End Avenue area , they all got out of their buildings .
Nobody knew about it .
Finally some guy showed up with a little megaphone to tell everyone it was a test , but the people were not happy .
The people who were here 9/11 were not happy . ”
Mr. Acker added : “ New York City police were standing right there and they had no knowledge of it .
The evacuations were spontaneous .
Guys from the floor came out , and one guy I talked to was just shaking . ”
Even the markets dipped shortly after 10 a.m. , though it was unclear if the alarm over the planes was a factor .
Starting at 10:02 a.m. , three main market indexes started dropping precipitously .
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 40 points in 10 minutes , starting 10:15 a.m. , before it rebounded more than 50 points .
In Jersey City , construction workers were evacuated from a condominium tower under construction at 77 Hudson Street .
The workers , who were on the 32nd floor of the construction site , said the plane circled three times past the Goldman Sachs tower , the tallest building in New Jersey .
On the second pass , they said , the jet appeared to be only a few dozen feet from the building — close enough to clip the side of the skyscraper .
A fighter followed right behind , mirroring its moves .
The construction site as were other buildings in downtown Jersey City , including offices in the Exchange Place financial complex .
Carlina Rivera , 25 , who works at an educational services company on the 22nd floor of 1 Liberty Plaza , said her co-workers were spooked in part because their offices are so close to the site of the 9/11 attack .
“ As soon as someone saw how close it got to the buildings , people literally ran out , ” she said .
“ Probably about 80 percent of my office left within two minutes of seeing how close it got to our building . ”
Ms. Rivera , who was a high school student in the East Village when the 9/11 attack occurred , added , “ I did feel a little bit foolish for staying in the office while everyone left . ”
Ms. Rivera said eventually there was a message made over the public announcement system that the plane was an advertisement for a movie — which she said that did not coincide with what they were reading online about the plane taking pictures of the Statue of Liberty .
“ It was a little confusing .
What was the truth ? ” she said .
Ms. Rivera continued : “ Of course , everyone had to take out their cellphones and say , ‘ You can come back , it ’s O.K. ’
Eventually they returned with some sort of comfort food .
We feel like we should have at least been warned . ”
At 1 Liberty Plaza , according to another person who works in Lower Manhattan , a loudspeaker announcement said at 10:55 a.m. , “ Planes were observed flying low over Lower Manhattan , but were part of an approved federal action . ”
Johnny Villafane , 42 , of the Upper West Side , said , “ The plane did a 360 .
There was a vibration .
The glass in the skyscrapers was shivering . ”
He added , “ It sounded like the building were cracking , everything started shaking .
I thought the plane was coming down . ”
Sidney Bordley , a floor director in an office building at 1 Battery Park Place , said , “ People were running out of the office , claiming they saw a commercial flight being pursued by F - 16’s . ”
He added , “ There was some confusion and a little excitement . ”
A group of financial services workers , who were gathered outside the same building but declined to give their names , described their reactions .
“ I saw the landing gear and I was out of here , ” one said .
Another said : “ There were people in my elevator , sweating and shaking .
There were women
crying .
It was not an experience to be taken lightly . ”
Andrew Burke , 49 , a T - shirt vendor from Crown Heights , Brooklyn , said : “ People panicked and ran into the streets thinking the worst . ”
He added , “ It ’s a real shame they could n’t tell the city what they were going to do . ”
Notify NYC , a pilot electronic service intended to quickly provide emergency alerts to New Yorkers who sign up for them , did not prove particularly effective .
Text messages and e-mail messages explaining the flyover were sent out at 10:38 a.m. , after the exercise was already scheduled to end .
“ The community was startled , and would have preferred advance warning , ” said Catherine McVay Hughes , vice chairwoman of Community Board 1 in Lower Manhattan .
Steve Coleman , a spokesman for the Port Authority , which runs the region ’s three major airports , said the low - flying planes prompted confusion .
“ This has nothing to do with any of our airports , ” he added .
The Staten Island Advance reported that the Federal Aviation Administration had authorized the flights and that the flights were “ pre-planned . ”
President Obama was not aboard the plane , nor was he in the New York area .
He gave a speech at 9 a.m. at the National Academy of Sciences in downtown Washington .
It was not the first time that flyovers had left anxiety in Lower Manhattan .
In February 2002 , two Air Force F - 16 fighters flew low over Manhattan as they made their way back to Atlantic City after a regular patrol .
Officials later acknowledged that “ the timing and location ” of the flyover were “ poorly coordinated . ”
And in May 2003 , a Continental Airlines flight carrying American troops returning from Iraq received permission to fly low around the city , a decision that also rattled nerves .
Jessica Bagdorf , Sewell Chan , Jennifer 8 .
Lee , Colin Moynihan , Fernanda Santos , Daniel E. Slotnik and Jeff Zeleny contributed reporting .
This is major league weird and a significant coup for WikiLeaks .
Walter Griffin , of the Bangor Daily News , reports :
James G. Cummings , who police say was shot to death by his wife two months ago , allegedly had a cache of radioactive materials in his home suitable for building a “ dirty bomb . ”
According to an FBI field intelligence report from the Washington Regional Threat and Analysis Center posted online by WikiLeaks , an organization that posts leaked documents , an investigation into the case revealed that radioactive materials were removed from Cummings ’ home after his shooting death on Dec. 9 .
[ snip ]
It says that four 1 - gallon containers of 35 percent hydrogen peroxide , uranium , thorium , lithium metal , thermite , aluminum powder , beryllium , boron , black iron oxide and magnesium ribbon were found in the home .
Also found was literature on how to build “ dirty bombs ” and information about cesium - 137 , strontium - 90 and cobalt - 60 , radioactive materials .
The FBI report also stated there was evidence linking James Cummings to white supremacist groups .
This would seem to confirm observations by local tradesmen who worked at the Cummings home that he was an ardent admirer of Adolf Hitler and had a collection of Nazi memorabilia around the house , including a prominently displayed flag with swastika .
Cummings claimed to have pieces of Hitler ’s personal silverware and place settings , painter Mike Robbins said a few days after the shooting .
[ snip ]
Cummings grew up in California and lived in Texas before moving to Maine in August 2007 .
Although Robbins said Cummings told him he made his money in Texas real estate , it appears that the actual source of his wealth was a trust fund established by his father , a prominent landowner in the Northern California city of Fort Bragg .
An Internet search of the James B. Cummings
Trust indicated that it has an annual income of $ 10 million .
The protesters glued around the statue : Pic supplied to the BBC by Climate Rush Four people who glued themselves to a statue in the Houses of Parliament in protest at government energy policy have been arrested .
Three women and a man fixed themselves around the statue of Viscount Falkland outside the central lobby after entering the building as visitors .
They wore red sashes in tribute to the suffragette who chained herself to the same statue 100 years ago .
They were demonstrating against plans to build coal - fired power stations .
Police sealed off the corridor in St Stephen 's Hall , near the Commons main entrance , while the protesters , members of the group Climate Rush , were removed .
Slogan But MPs ' business continued as normal , with statements about Titan prisons being scrapped and the outbreak of swine flu in Mexico .
The protesters said their actions were designed to be a wake - up call for the government .
It is 100 years to the day that a suffragette chained herself to the same statue as part of the campaign to secure votes for women - the authorities had to cut through the statue 's sword to release her .
The protesters wore red Suffragette - style sashes and chanted the slogan " deeds not words " , which was used during the campaign for the right to vote .
Last Thursday Energy Secretary Ed Miliband announced that funding would be found for up to four coal - fired power stations , as long as they were fitted with so - called carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) technology .
It would mean about 25 % of energy output would have carbon trapped and stored underground , to prevent it being released into the atmosphere .
The idea was that when CCS was proven commercially and technically viable , which the government expects by 2020 , those stations would then have five years to capture and store carbon from 100 % of their energy output .
Mr Miliband said it could mean carbon emissions from coal would be reduced by 90 % and would put the UK " in a world leadership position on CCS and coal " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Local comedian Mike Polk made the video and posted it to YouTube on April 14 with this explanation :
It 's become a hit in the Northeast Ohio blogosphere .
But that 's not all local bloggers have to say about the city ... Carole Cohen :
Tim Ferris :
Kellybelle :
Eimer Debris :
This is a product of a very silly conversation indeed .
In the latest Pew Research Poll , FOX News tops all networks by a huge margin as being too critical of the president .
When Americans are asked to assess television news coverage of Barack Obama , Fox News Channel stands out from other networks for being too critical of the president .
Nearly three - in - ten ( 29 % ) select
Fox when asked which of six broadcast and cable news networks have been too critical of the new Democratic president , a far greater share than any other network .
In contrast , no one TV network is singled out for being too easy on Obama .
It 's good to know that many Americans see right through Roger Ailes and the home network he 's developed for the GOP .
Obviously the word " critical " has a different meaning to FOX than it does to most of us .
We will criticize certain policies the Obama administration proposes , but FOX spreads lies and smears .
At least Americans do understand what FOX is up to .
On Friday we interviewed Nobel prize - winning economist Joe Stiglitz for an upcoming episode of TPMtv .
It was very clarifying on a numbers of topics .
And it confirmed for me everything I ’d thought to this point about the first and
now ( soon - to - be - announced ) second bank bailouts .
It now seems like we ’re going to go the ‘ bad bank ’ route .
Only instead of buying the crappy assets at inflated values ( to absorb the bank ’s loses for them ) , we ’re going insure the assets so we can absorb the losses dribbled out over time .
Many , perhaps most , of these big banks are insolvent .
But they refuse to recognize it .
They insist that these ‘ toxic assets ’ are worth much more than anyone is willing to pay for them .
Stiglitz ’s argument is that this is really a zero sum game over who picks up this tab — the banks , their shareholders and bondholders or the taxpayers .
A far better approach is take these banks through some sort of structured reorganization , something like bankruptcy , though probably it would need to be customized in some ways given the scale of the institutions and the larger issues involved .
Feds take over the bank ( just like they routinely do when little banks fail ) , run it until things stabilize , then sell it to new investors .
That ’s ‘ nationalization ’ , I guess .
But it ’s really not any different from what we did with IndyMac .
And that worked out okay .
We even found some people to sell it to .
Taxpayers are already providing these banks with far more dollars than the markets say they ’re worth .
So there ’s really no way to get a good deal for the taxpayers without owning the institutions more or less outright .
The math just does n’t work .
So we get more and more convoluted ways of structuring bad deals for the taxpayer to avoid temporary public ownership .
As Krugman put it a few days ago , “ the Obama administration appears to be tying itself in knots to avoid this outcome . ”
What ’s as troubling as the big rip - off of taxpayer money is that what Obama ’s attempting on the side of rebuilding the real economy could founder on the public backlash against what looks like a very misguided way to get a handle on the banking crisis .
We ’ll be bringing you the Stiglitz interview soon .
Web developers these days are often expected to know and work in multiple languages .
As a result , it 's tricky to learn everything a language has to offer and easy to find yourself not utilizing the full potential of some more specialized but very useful tags .
Unfortunately we have n't been tapping into the full potential of these more obscure HTML tags as of late .
But it 's never too late to get back into the game and start writing code that taps into the power of some under - used tags .
Here are ten of some of the most underused and misunderstood tags in HTML .
While they might be less familiar , they 're still quite useful in certain situations .
1. < cite >
All of us will be familiar with the < blockquote > tag , but did you know about < blockquote > 's little brother < cite > ?
< cite > allows you to define the text inside of the element as a reference .
Typically the browser will render the text inside of the < cite > tag in italics , but this can be changed with a touch of CSS .
The < cite > tag is really useful for citing bibliographic and other site references .
Here 's an example of how to use the cite tag in a paragraph :
David Allen 's breakthrough organization book Getting Things Done has taken the web by storm .
2. < optgroup >
The < optgroup > tag is a great way to add a little definition between groups of options inside a select box .
If you needed to group movie listings by time , for example , then it would look like this :
Live demo :
Showtimes
Twister Napoleon Dynamite What About Bob ?
Be Kind Rewind Stranger Than Fiction
This allows the select list to visually separate the movie listings .
3. < acronym >
The < acronym > tag is a way to define or further explain a group of words .
When you hover over text that has the < acronym > tag used , a box appears below with the text from the title tag .
For example :
Live demo :
SEO is full of trickery and magic .
4. < address >
The < address > tag is quite an obscure little tag , but that does n't mean it is n't useful !
As the name implies , < address > allows you to semantically markup addresses in HTML .
The nifty little tag will also italicize all of the data within the brackets , though the style can easily be changed through simple CSS .
5. < ins > and < del >
If you 're wanting to display editing revisions with with markup , < ins > and < del > are just the ticket .
Like the name implies , < ins > highlights what 's been added to the document with an underline , and < del > shows what 's been taken out with a strikethrough .
Live demo :
John likes LOVES his new iPod .
6. < label >
Form elements seem the easiest to forget when marking up a document .
Of the form elements , one of the most forgotten is the < label > tag .
Not only is it a quick way to note the label 's text , the < label > tag can also pass a " for " attribute to specify which element is to be given the label .
Not only are these < label > tags great for styling , they also allow you to make the caption clickable for the associated element .
7. < fieldset >
Fieldset is a nifty little attribute that you can add to your forms to logically group form elements .
Once applied the < fieldset > tag draws a box around the elements within the fieldset .
Bonus points for adding a < label > tag within the fieldset to define the title of the group .
Live demo :
Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader ?
Yes
No
8. < abbr >
The < abbr > tag is much akin to the < acronym > tag , except the < abbr > tag is only used to define abbreviated words .
Just like < acronym > , you define a title within the tag .
When a visitor hovers over the abbreviated text , the full definition appears below .
The < abbr > tag is rarely used , but the benefits are many for screen readers , spellcheckers and search engines .
Live demo :
Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club is my favorite album .
9. rel
Rel can be an insanely useful attribute , as any HTML element can have a rel applied to it .
It 's helpful for passing extra variables that are n't otherwise specified .
This is helpful when using Javascript with your HTML .
If you have a link that you want to edit inline , you might add :
The Javascript might be looking for a link with the rel attribute " clickable " , and it knows to apply some Ajax and allow it to be edited inline .
This is one of many techniques you can use with the rel attribute , as the possibilities are endless .
10 . < wbr >
The < wbr > tag is an incredibly obscure tag .
To be honest , I doubt many of you have come into contact with the tag , as it 's hardly ever used .
( Truthfully , I had n't seen the tag before I started researching this article . )
Essentially , the tag allows you to specify a place where you think a line break might be useful , but only if needed .
This tag is unique as it relies on the discretion of the browser to insert the linebreak , if needed .
It 's perfect for creating layouts that you want to avoid having horizontal scrollbars .
Harsh growls are a touchstone of black metal , death metal , and other extreme forms of music .
If you want to know what it takes to growl like your favorite singer , you can learn the ins and outs of exhaled and inhaled growls , as well as how to sing properly without hurting your voice .
My throat immediately dries out whenever I try to hit a low growl .
It sounds good briefly , but then goes dry and quiet .
But it does n't hurt much .
Also , sometimes I feel sick after doing low growls .
Why is that ?
It should n't , as all breathing is actually controlled by the diaphragm .
If it is hurting you , take a break from what you 're doing and consider seeing a doctor .
If you do n't prepare , it may well cause pitch and vocal damage .
If you would like to try these high and low vocals , it would definitely be a good idea to warm up your voice by doing vocal exercises and preparing to sing .
You can find lots of vocal exercises on YouTube .
Black metal type of vocals may hurt if pushing too hard or after very long and intense sessions .
Practice no more than 10 - 15 minutes a day in the beginning , it will take time for your vocal chords to adjust to the abuse and eventually you will sound better .
This is a really helpful way to find whether or not you 're hitting the right volume , pitch and style .
It 's recommended to record , listen and listen again only after few hours , so your mind will be able to spot even the smallest mistakes .
This is a lot like lifting weights at the gym .
You use your muscles much more intensely than normal and then wait for them to restore before using them at a higher level each time .
If you stop growling for a long period of time , your growling skills will decrease .
Form the voice with your mind , express it with your folds .
Do n't try to force the vocal folds to do what they should n't do .
Keep your throat relaxed .
Even though they 're hard to make out , eventually , you 'll probably want to be growling lyrics instead of random syllables , right ?
To work on this , pick out some of your favorite metal lyrics and practice phrasing them and forming them in your growled technique .
Growling puts more strain on your throat than possibly any other type of singing .
It involves your vocal chords less , but it can give you a sore throat pretty quickly .
It 's not always necessary to warm up your local chords with fancy exercises , but warming up your throat a little is important .
Never start cold .
A good metal vocalist can alternate between the two , so you can sing a whole lot at once , as the song calls for .
The more seamlessly you can shift back and forth between exhaled and inhaled growls , the more seamless and virtuosic your abilities as a growler .
" The most common inhaled growl seems to be around the " we " syllable , because it feels the most comfortable .
This is often used to start songs in the death or black metal genres , allowing you to let loose with a lot of volume .
Start practicing around " we " until you get comfortable , then try more syllables as you 're working on your growls :
Make an " O " with your lips , open your jaw , and bring your tongue back in the same way as you did for the exhaled growl .
Start inhaling in the same way you exhaled , breathing deeply into your diaphragm .
Similar to the exhaled growl , your want to keep your focus on your diaphragm .
With all singing , good breath support is important for a good tone .
Put your hand on your stomach and feel your diaphragm going in and out as you breathe .
Use inhaled growls for higher pitched songs .
Generally speaking , inhaled growling sounds more " piggy " and slightly higher pitched , but it can also sound demonic and devilish , and you can do a whole lot with the technique .
Really , it sounds a lot similar , but it 's another little trick you can add to your extreme singing arsenal , to make your abilities a little rounder .
It 's only a minor difference from exhaled growls .
For black metal style vocals , you often want to growl with a higher pitch .
Keep your tongue down and keep your head tilted up a bit , practicing pinching your throat enough to get the right kind of tone and change in pitch .
When you 're growling , if you cut off your growl very abruptly , you 'll risk losing your voice .
The force necessary to stop the sound can wreak havoc on your vocal chords , and you 'll end up with a sore throat if you cut off your growls suddenly , instead of letting them trail off .
To help you channel your throat sounds into something that 's like music , it 's important to practice forming syllables and changing pitch .
The following syllables are all good to practice in your routine , forming them as evenly and smoothly as possible :
Practice breathing deep into your diaphragm and positioning your throat correctly , then try exhaling a few times , evenly but forcefully enough to get a good amount of sound from your throat .
You should hear a good , low growl that sounds good for animal impressions and metal songs alike .
Open your jaw and make an " O " shape with your lips .
Pull your tongue back to the back of your throat .
The tighter you pinch the back of your throat , the higher the pitch of your growl will be .
Move your tongue forward slightly and loosen the pinch , and your growl will be a little lower .
Sit with your back straight , and just hum with your normal voice and mouth closed .
Put your hand on your stomach , just below your ribs , and hum a few times in short bursts .
When humming , one automatically uses the diaphragm and abdominal muscles , so you should feel your abdomen goes in , while your chest and shoulders are n't moving .
Breathe from that spot when you want to growl .
This style of vocalization is hard to explain in words , much harder than ' clean ' singing , because it 's quite personal .
Experiment with different techniques to figure out what helps you and to determine if your voice fits this style .
Growling never has to be loud .
If you can't do your growl at a very low volume , you 're either not growling properly or still need to practice in order to gain more control .
Never push yourself too far .
If the vocals are too quiet during a performance , so be it .
You do n't want to ruin your throat this way .
Support wikiHow 's Educational Mission
Every day at wikiHow , we work hard to give you access to instructions and information that will help you live a better life , whether it 's keeping you safer , healthier , or improving your well - being .
Amid the current public health and economic crises , when the world is shifting dramatically and we are all learning and adapting to changes in daily life , people need wikiHow more than ever .
Your support helps wikiHow to create more in - depth illustrated articles and videos and to share our trusted brand of instructional content with millions of people all over the world .
Please consider making a contribution to wikiHow today .
The 31 - year - old from Tamworth , Staffs , thought that he was going to die after crashing onto the snow - covered mountain in Russia after a filming stunt which went wrong .
Translated Monday 15 May 2006 , by
Corso Umberto , one of the busiest commercial avenues in Naples .
A giant photo shows , side by side , arms crossed , with a steady gaze , a tailor , a hotel operator , the chief of a construction site , a butcher .
" An end to racketeering " , it reads , with reference to the " pizzo " or ’ tax ’ that the mafia imposes on businesses .
As soon as one leaves the main city streets , to enter into any one of the innumerable passages that concentrate the charm of the city , one needs only go a few meters to see , in plain view , youths of no more than 20 years of age selling contraband cigarettes and DVD readers .
In Naples , the shadow of the Camorra , the local crime organization , is everywhere , a part of the landscape .
The city has just managed to leave behind the two most bloody years of its history : 134 asssassinations in 2004 , another 60 in 2005 .
The vendettas ended when the rival clans reached an agreement on sharing neighborhoods and markets .
Unlike the situation that pertains in other mafia organizations , which are rural and organized around a sole leader , as the case with the Cosa Nostra in Sicily , the Camorra remains divided among often rival interests .
This is a special characteristic due to its history and to the impoverished social situation in the city .
" The Camorra is a form of urban criminality that can be clearly attributed to under - development and that elsewhere has disappeared when the State and economic forces have responded to the needs of the working classes " , sums up Isaia Sales , one of the better historians of this phenomenon in Italy .
A sprawling megapolis , one of the youngest and most densely populated cities in Europe , Naples is a zone of social distress .
Six out of ten youths are unemployed and , for young graduates , immigration toward the north of the country and to foreign lands has begun again .
In a neighborhood like La Forcella , in the heart of the historic center , 86 % of the population has not progressed beyond the stage of elementary education .
This is the ministry , for the past nine years , of the 30 - year - old priest Luigi Merola , who has become the symbol of the battle against the Camorra .
" In this neighborhood , every youth is potentially a Camorra recruit " , in his judgement .
" Most youths leave school very early , to hang out in the streets , where they find no social or family structure .
There is no work , but you still have to pay the rent , the bills .
That ’s why they are so little susceptible to the lure of easy money " .
As sentinel for a drug dealer , a youth can earn 200 euros a day , and the wages increase with responsibility in the clan .
" The message we need to succeed in getting through to them is that the Camorra will not bring them security , riches , prestige , or if so , only for a limited period of time .
You have to admit that these youth are more likely to die before thirty years of age than to remain living . "
The man who speaks is Geppino Fiorenza .
For twenty years he was member of the large anti-mafia association " Libera " , and the initiative of the regional council , the anti-Camorra information center .
In the work room , a map of Naples with , neighborhood by neighborhood , the names and sometimes the photos of the heads of clan .
On the side wall , the portraits of two young men assassinated by the Camorra because they were mistaken for mafia members .
" Working on the memory of the victims is essential " , explains Geppino Fiorenza .
" Uniting families into associations , getting them to speak in public , permits them to progress from grief to a social and civic testimony " .
Children are the main target of this activity .
" In a city like Naples , where poverty lives with a culture of illegality , one must create a civic conscience among the very young " .
Each year the information center organizes , with the schools of the region , a cinema and theater competition on the theme " democratic legality " .
From little sequences , often quite funny , where the children start with their daily life ( the theft of a candy , or the destruction of a public playyard swing ) to illustrate the need for respect for the law and of personal rights .
" You have to wage the fight every day , and on all fronts " , says Geppino Fiorenza , " a little tired " .
" These recent years there has been less attention paid by the authorities to problems of the mafia , and decreased expenditures on the part of the State for localities and social policies " , he criticizes .
" There is a criminal side to the politics of this government . "
On this question or on so many others the program of " L’Unione " sees itself in conflict with the action of the " Maison des Libertés " .
The leader of the " Refondation Communiste " in Naples , Gennaro Migliore , insists upon the need " to recreate a politics of the public " in health , education , welfare .
" After the de-industrialization of the ’ 80s , the new difficulty faced by Neapolitans is the isolation of the unemployed and poor , abandoned by the State " .
The desire of the ’ Rifondazione ’ is to extend to the entire country a " citizen ’s wage " , which was inaugurated by the left - wing majority in Campania : a payment of 350 euros per month , which , according to Gennaro Migliore , has already permitted thousands of persons to avoid falling into that abject poverty upon which organized crime feeds .
There have been other signs of progress in the last few years .
city hall ( center - left in politics ) recruited Tano Grasso , former anti-racket chief on the national level , fired by Silvio Berlusconi on his accession to power .
The former commissioner has multiplied the number of complaints of extortion by a factor of 20 : each time a businessman says he is victim of the " pizzo " he is accompanied to the court - house by police and gendarmes , as well as by the mayor or one of his deputies , who associate themselves with the complaint .
In Forcella , Luigi Merak also observes that things have been changing bit by bit .
" The Camorra has destroyed La Forcella , forced the businesses to flee , but life returns bit by bit .
The first neighborhood school has just opened , and there is even a post office now " .
The priest has played a significant role in this renaissance , having been the first to open an animation center , then a cooperative which provides work for ten youngsters who take charge of a boarding house .
For the " curé of the streets " , the personal price is hard to pay : repeated targets of threats , he lives under police protection around the clock .
Published in l’Humanité 6 April , on page 11
URL : http://www.humanite.fr/journal/2006-04-06/2006-04-06-827668
Twitter followers
If media attention is any indication , Twitter has exploded into an all - out phenomenon .
Celebrities , politicians , entrepreneurs , business leaders and everyday users are flocking to the service en masse , generating a frenzy of activity and attention .
Everybody is talking about Twitter , but what do the numbers say ?
e Marketer estimates there were roughly 6 million Twitter users in the US in 2008 , or 3.8 % of Internet users .
e Marketer projects that the number of Twitter users will jump to 18.1 million in 2010 , representing 10.8 % of Internet users .
By all measures , Twitter is growing , and quickly .
comScore reported that Twitter.com drew 4 million unique visitors from home , work and college / university locations in February 2009 , up from 340,000 a year earlier - a 1,086 % increase .
Nielsen Online reported 7 million unique visitors to Twitter.com during the month , up even higher - 1,381 % - from 475,000 the prior year .
The Compete figures were higher for the month charted , and according to its latest figures , Twitter had over 14 million unique users in March 2009 .
comScore also reported a surge in March .
After months of double - digit growth , traffic to Twitter.com accelerated 131 % to 9.3 million visitors for the month .
And the number of Twitter users is considerably greater than the number of visitors to Twitter.com , as a result of the multiple access points for the service ( for example , mobile devices and desktop apps ) .
What ’s driving this phenomenal growth ?
“ Twitter lets people know what ’s going on about things they care about instantly , as it happens , ” Evan Williams , Twitter ’s CEO , told The New York Times .
“ In the best cases , Twitter makes people smarter and faster and more efficient . ”
A survey of Twitter users from Marketing Profs backs Mr. Williams ’ views .
On a scale from 1 to 5 ( with 1 for strongly disagree and 5 and for strongly agree ) , the phrase “ I find it exciting to learn new things from people ” averaged a score of 4.65 and “ I value getting information in a timely manner ” averaged 4.58 .
“ Above all , people on Twitter are truly motivated by learning new things and getting information real - time , as it ’s developing , ” said Ann Handley of Marketing Profs .
Via eMarketer
Twitter Boot Camp
After half a century of searching , scientists have finally discovered what happens to the world 's second largest shark every winter :
It has a Caribbean hideout .
Basking sharks , which can grow up to 33 feet long and weigh more than a Hummer H1 , spend the late spring , summer and early fall in the temperate regions of the world 's oceans .
But then they pull their great disappearing act , eluding scientists throughout the winter months .
" It 's been a big mystery for the past fifty years , " said Greg Skomal , an aquatic biologist at the Massachusetts Division of Marine Fisheries and lead author of the study in Current Biology May 7 .
" For a while people thought they were hibernating on the sea floor , even though hibernating is not really something sharks do . "
Skomal tagged the giant fish off the coast of Cape Cod , Massachusetts and tracked them by satellite , piecing together their mysterious winter wanderings .
He discovered the beasts were absconding to the depths of the Caribbean , some voyaging as far as the Brazilian coast , though the attraction of these destinations poses yet another mystery .
The findings have implications for conserving the sharks , whose fins are much - desired delicacies in Chinese cuisine .
The basking shark is a benign behemoth .
It swims at about three miles per hour with its four - foot - wide mouth gaping open , filtering through almost 500,000 gallons of water every hour for its plankton sustenance .
Like most large fish , they 're difficult to keep track of because they rarely come to the surface , where tags need to be to transmit information to satellites .
Skomal got around this hurdle by harpooning the fish with special tags that tracked and stored depth , temperature and light level , which then popped off at a pre-programmed date and rose to the surface .
Once a tag hits the surface , it transmits the entire archive of the fish 's journey via satellite .
Skomal used a novel analysis technique that could determine the sharks ' locations at every time point , allowing him to retrospectively track them to their secret hiding places .
He found the sharks were traveling well - outside their known range , spending months in the warm waters of the Caribbean and even deep into the southern hemisphere .
They also periodically dove to more than 3,000 feet , and often stayed at those depths for months at a time .
One shark remained at a depth of nearly 600 feet for upward of five months .
" What they 're doing there — therein lies the mystery , " said Skomal .
" If you 're a basking shark you can go to Georgia in the wintertime and be at the right temperature and depth and have plenty of food , so that 's optimal .
So why travel three to four times that distance ? "
He hypothesizes the trip may have to do with reproduction , another area that has long baffled basking shark researchers .
" No one has ever seen a baby basking shark , no one 's found a pregnant shark , knows when they reproduce or what their gestation period is , " said Skomal .
One possibility , he said , is that the sharks mate in the waters further north , where food and potential mates are plentiful .
Then the females may migrate to the deep waters down south , which provide a stable and predator - free environment for the young sharks to grow .
" It 's really hypothetical , " he acknowledged .
" We do n't know the genders of the sharks we tagged because we tagged them from the boat .
Next time we 'll jump into the water so we can pull down their fly . "
The extended range of the sharks suggests that the different Atlantic subpopulations — near the east and west coasts of both hemispheres — may actually be the same population .
" They might even be crossing into other oceans , " he said , " meaning there might actually be one population in the entire world . "
This possibility has implications for conservation biologists .
The sharks are currently listed as " vulnerable " on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species , due to the high value of their fins which are the key ingredient for shark fin soup , a tasteless but symbolic Chinese delicacy .
The sharks ' livers , which can make up 25 percent of their total body weight , also fetch a high price for their oil .
" This tells us that if we allow sharks off British Columbia to be harvested , we might be impacting the entire population , " said Skomal .
" We can't just save the fish off of New England , we have to coordinate with all the fisheries .
We have to divide up the pie instead of each having our own pie . "
Images : 1 ) Chris Gotshalk .
2 ) Tim Voorheis .
Click through for more amazing basking shark photos from the scientists .
Image : Nick Caloyianis
Image : Gregory Skomal
Image : Gregory Skomal
See Also :
The Voyager 2 probe , seen here above Neptune , used gravity assists to reach the outer solar system ( Image : Seth Shostak / SPL )
COULD space probes use genetic algorithms as autopilots to help them navigate the complexities of the solar system ?
Deep - space missions such as NASA ’s veteran z Voyager probes often rely on gravity assists .
They use a planet ’s gravitational field as a slingshot , which allows them to visit other celestial bodies without using up too much fuel .
But programming a probe with its trajectory years ahead of time can be a problem , says Ian Carnelli of the European Space Agency …
I need it
Today , my husband and I have such busy careers , we have to schedule sex for when we ’re both at home and hopefully not too tired , otherwise we ’d never have sex at all .
The last time we had sex was on my birthday , in April , and our next appointment is mid September .
I really miss sex .
FML
Best affordable tech cars
People seem quite impressed when they find a navigation system in some car with $ 25000 and other such stuff , but most of the time you ca n’t get all the tech stuff in a car that you reckon affordable .
You definitely look for loads of tech ’s tricks in your auto cabin if have spent some good amount in buying your dream tech car .
It ’s a fact that you do n’t get all the tech of the world in the cabin , but some really effective components are there that provide them a tincture of a true tech car .
Here is a trio that is affordable , but tech - rich inside .
2008 Volvo C30
Volvo has been offering some really affordable cars in the US market time by time and this little sporty looks a great emblem of new tech with past glory .
When it comes to tech array of the Volvo , you can pick one with almost all the available tech options these days .
The stereo interface inside the C30 is really something that you often crave for in an affordable car .
Option for automatic transmission has been left out for the manual .
When it comes to design , this classic hatchback takes some nice effects from the Volvo P1800ES that was developed in 1972 - 73 and the classic design is aptly represented in an attractive and impressive way .
Its two long doors make access easier to its backseats that can be folded down to extend cargo area .
According to Volvo claims , the customization options of the C30 can drive 5 m configurations .
2008 Scion xB
If you want to see the best tech values in some really affordable new vehicle , the Scion xB is a thing especially for you .
There are no more bold and blunt exterior creases and some other characters have also missed , but you would find it a bit bigger and rich with all the tech thing that you want to have in some affordable , but effective tech car .
When it comes to design and inner , outer looks , it has got a less blatant double box shape , but this time with rounded edges .
The mature look is not restricted only to its outside , the same sort of maturation can be seen in its interior with loads of given tech options .
But there is a major absence of hands - free calling with Bluetooth , while the rest of the list is full of some really impressive and nice option .
2008 Nissan Altima Coupe
With impressive styling and awesome performance , the 2008 Nissan Altima Coupe is , indeed , a king Coupe that has some most advanced but not quite affordable inside tech options including hands - free calling interface and GPS navigation .
Nissan has proved true to make it a true performer with true tech and other coupe features .
It serves as an emblem of Nissan dexterity from inside as well as from outside .
The tech loaded cabin and stylish outside looks make it a really impressive drive for those who love something incredible to ride .
" Out of the night that covers me ,
Black as the Pit from pole to pole ,
I thank whatever gods may be
For my unconquerable soul . "
- Timothy McVeigh quoting from " Invictus " by William Ernest Henley
April 9 was a Sunday in 1865 , and in the town of Appomattox , Virginia , the sun was shining down on the end of a war .
Confederate forces , led by Gen. Robert E. Lee , had finally been brought to bay by Gen.
Ulysses Grant after four grueling , blood - sodden years .
Lee 's surrender at Appomattox was the conclusion of the largest and deadliest armed insurrection in American history .
April 9 was a Thursday in 2009 , and there are some lo these 144 years later who would very much like to see another armed insurrection erupt within these United States .
The casus belli for today 's would - be revolutionaries is not states ' rights , slavery or economic independence , but is instead a toxic mix of fundamentalist Christianity , ultra - conservative orthodoxy and , more than anything else , guns .
The existence of armed and angry insurrectionists in America is nothing new .
As Robert Kennedy once observed , " One - fifth of the people are against everything all the time . "
The militia movement , in one form or another , has been a part of our history literally since the founding of the nation itself , and memories of Waco , Ruby Ridge and the bombing of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City remain acutely fresh in mind even years later .
Lately , the news has been flooded with reports of citizens arming themselves to the teeth , egged on by right - wing media personalities prophesying doom , the rise of socialism , and that a Marxist dictator now sits in the Oval Office .
This frenzy has been spilling from talk radio and television out into the streets for weeks now , and has recently metastasized into acts of outrageous violence .
It smells like a new beginning of something this nation has not been forced to endure for nearly a decade .
Last Monday , a man named Richard Poplawski ambushed and murdered three Pittsburgh police officers and tried to kill nine others .
Poplawski's motivations , according to friends and family , centered around his belief in the existence of a vast government conspiracy to destroy American freedoms while establishing a left - wing dictatorship under President Obama .
Poplawski came to believe all this after listening to and reading the paranoid rantings of right - wing luminaries like Alex Jones , Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity .
Last July , a man named Jim Adkisson walked into a Universalist church in Knoxville and began blazing away with a 12 - gauge shotgun , killing two people and wounding several others .
He had 70 shotgun shells with him , and fully intended to massacre as many people in the church as possible before police killed him , but he was tackled and disarmed by members of the congregation before he could complete his task .
Eric Boehlert , writing for Media Matters on April 7 , said , " When investigators went to Adkisson 's home in search of a motive , as well as evidence for the pending trial , they found copies of Savage 's ' Liberalism Is a Mental Disorder , ' ' Let Freedom Ring ' by Sean Hannity , and ' The O'Reilly Factor , ' by Fox News 's Bill O'Reilly .
They also came across what was supposed to have been Adkisson 's suicide note : a handwritten , four - page manifesto explaining his murderous actions .
The one - word answer for his deed ?
Hate .
The three - word answer ?
He hated liberals . "
" The only way we can rid ourselves of this evil , " wrote Adkisson , " is kill them in the streets .
Kill them where they gather .
I 'd like to encourage other like minded people to do what I 've done .
If life aint worth living anymore do n't just Kill yourself .
Do something for your Country before you go .
Go Kill Liberals ! "
Describing the Pittsburgh incident , Boehlert wrote , " In the wake of the bloodbath , we learned that Poplawski was something of a conspiracy nut who embraced dark , radical rhetoric about America .
He was convinced the government wanted to take away his guns , the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette reported .
Specifically , Poplawski , as one friend described it , feared ' the Obama gun ban that 's on the way ' and ' did n't like our rights being infringed upon . '
( FYI , there is no Obama gun ban in the works . )
The same friend said the shooter feared America was ' going to see the end of our times . ' "
" Hysterical warnings of government gun grabs and a socialist takeover of the US are no longer the sole proprietary interest of fringe players like Jones , " wrote Max Blumenthal on Wednesday .
" In the Obama era , Jones 's conspiracy theories have graduated to primetime on Fox News .
And radicals like Poplawski are tuning in .
Indeed , according to the Anti-Defamation League , the alleged killer posted a YouTube clip to ( neo - Nazi web site ) Stormfront of top-rated Fox News host Glenn Beck contemplating the existence of FEMA - managed concentration camps .
( ' He backed out , ' Poplawski wrote cryptically beside the video . )
Three weeks later , Poplawski posted another YouTube clip to Stormfront , this time of a video blogger advocating ' Tea Parties , ' or grassroots conservative protests organized by Beck and Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich against President Barack Obama 's bailout plan . "
There have been more stories like this in recent months , and if history is any guide , there will be more to come .
The timing of all this is deeply troubling , and the media players involved are all too familiar .
There is something sinister at work here , something malevolent , something sly .
Consider the curious historical synchronicity of all this : after the inauguration of a new Democratic president , there has been a sudden upsurge of right - wing polemicists agitating right - wing citizens into right - wing - motivated acts of violence .
The last time things came together like this was back in 1993 , after the Waco and Ruby Ridge debacles , combined with the passage of NAFTA and the Brady Bill , detonated into a militia movement that was wildly active , and exceedingly violent , throughout the entirety of President Bill Clinton 's two terms .
Dozens of militia - related incidents , including the Oklahoma City bombing , took place during those years .
In 2001 , however , these incidents stopped almost completely , and for the entirety of George W. Bush 's two terms as president , hardly a peep was heard from the militia movement that had been so robustly vigorous during the administration of Bush 's predecessor .
A Democratic president takes office in 1993 and the militia movement explodes , egged on by a whole host of right - wing media voices .
A Republican president takes office in 2001 and the militia movement , along with those media voices who sponsored it , all but disappear from the American political landscape .
A Democratic president takes office in 2009 , and once again , right - wing media voices begin their clarion call for armed revolution , and once again , a portion of their listeners erupt into violence .
" In Politics , " President Franklin Roosevelt once said , " nothing happens by accident .
If it happens , you can bet it was planned that way . "
_______
About author William Rivers Pitt is a New York Times and internationally bestselling author of two books : War on Iraq : What Team Bush Does n't Want You to Know and The Greatest Sedition Is Silence .
His newest book , House of Ill Repute : Reflections on War , Lies , and America 's Ravaged Reputation , will be available this winter from PoliPointPress .
The biggest , most expensive , tech - heavy effort to understand how and why tornadoes form begins next month .
Pulling together truck - mounted radar , UAVs , wind meters bolted to car roofs , webs of stationary sensors and a generous dash of adventure , 100 scientists with 40 vehicles will spend a month tracking the huge formations of clouds called supercells that occasionally spawn twisters .
From a mobile field command vehicle , this army of scientists will conduct a data - gathering war on nature 's baddest storms .
In the best case scenario , the VORTEX2 project could get the kind of high - resolution , clean data that research weathermen need to understand exactly why some storms generate killer clouds while most just threaten to .
" Never before have we gotten everyone together at the same time to focus on the same storm , " said Howie Bluestein , a meterologist at the
University of Oklahoma and a key member " You need to observe many different variables in space on a very , very fine scale while the tornado is forming . "
Of all the weather phenomena in the world , the unpredictable , violent and telegenic tornado commands special attention .
Tornadogenesis remains mysterious largely because it's hard to have everyone in place at just that moment when the funnel cloud actually forms .
If you 're not there when it happens — and just as importantly , when it almost happens
— it 's difficult to know which variables drive tornado formation .
The first VORTEX program , carried out in 1994 to 1995 , made some progress on the issue and has been credited with an uptick in the accuracy of tornado warnings since that time .
Tornadoes form within large thunderstorms .
These storms tend to start rotating horizontally , but rising warm air moves up through the center of the storm , changing the axis of rotation and creating a vertically rotating column of clouds .
But what turns that " rotating wall cloud " into a tornado is a bit of mystery .
Scientists have several ideas about the role cool downdrafts and vertical wind shear play in this crucial step from beautiful storm to sublime tornado , but it 's a tough problem with relatively limited data sets .
With $ 9 million in funding from the National Science Foundation , VORTEX2 could change that .
It will deploy 40 vehicles into the Oklahoma prairie at one time , including an array of gadgets that work well alone but that together will allow for a new level of understanding .
They hope to track up to 20 possibly tornado - producing storms .
" There are some hypotheses out there that can be tested , " Bluestein said .
" There are also things that we know nothing about that we might serendipitously discover . "
The key technology for studying tornadoes is radar .
VORTEX2 will use
10 different types of mobile radar systems operating on different wavelengths .
The workhorse Doppler ( or DOW : Doppler on Wheels ) X - band radar systems consist of big , generally parabolic dishes mounted on the backs of large trucks , which are positioned 10 to 20 kilometers from the big storms .
" The main means by which we study tornadoes observationally is to use mobile Doppler radars because we can get close to the tornado without getting in it , " Bluestein said .
" And we can get a high resolution look at the wind field and a distribution of hydrometeors and debris in and around the tornado . "
( Hydrometeor is the catch all term for different types of solid or liquid precipitation — rain , hail , snow , ice , etc. — that tornadoes generate . )
The X - band radar works from long - distances , but its maximum resolution is only in the hundreds of meters .
For more detailed work , scientists roll out the W - band .
" This particular radar operates at a very high frequency , " Bluestein said .
" It 's one of a kind and it 'll be able to see things at 10 meters across a couple miles away . "
While the radar trucks are rumbling towards the scene , fleets of cars with wind speed and temperature sensors mounted on their roofs will also be racing to encircle the storm .
It 's not recreational tornado chasing , but it does have its dangers , or perks , depending on your constitution .
" Some of them have to drive into bad areas , " Bluestein said .
" You actually surround the storm , so some of them have to go through the storm , so they 'll get battered by hail and heavy rain and so on .
While we try and stay out of it , they go into it . "
These specially outfitted cars , called mesonets , have been in use since the mid-'90s , but they keep getting computer upgrades .
You can watch Sean Waugh , a student researcher at the National Severe Storms
Laboratory and dedicated amateur storm chaser , build a new one from a standard van in the video below .
As the cars and trucks race around , stationary sensors called sticknets will gather data along the routes most likely to be affected by the storm .
And over the top of all this action , like drones in the war over Afghanistan , unmanned aerial vehicles will be patrolling the sky , at least in limited action .
One might think they 'd just get blown out of the sky , but Bluestein is hopeful they 'll be able to withstand the atmospheric conditions .
" If they succeed , we 'll be able to get thermodynamic measurements that you could never make , " he said .
And though the VORTEX2 project has the ultimate purpose of saving lives and the days will be long , there will still be some fun in it for storm - lovers like Waugh who drives 20,000 miles a year chasing clouds , lightning and hail .
" You see a nice , big sculpted storm with a nice tornado underneath and it's chunking out softball - size hail , it 's all worth it , " Waugh said .
" Golf - ball - sized are OK , but we do n't really get really excited unless it 's baseballs or larger . "
See Also :
Image 1 : NOAA .
Image 2 : VORTEX2 .
Image : NSSL .
Video : Sean Waugh .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
from the book “ Your Music and People ” : You need to be profitable to last .
2009-05-28
A musician sent me her album , and very proudly said , “ This cost $ 80,000 to make and two years to record .
Everything is top - notch .
We used one of the finest studios in the world . ”
She wanted me to be impressed , but once she said “ $ 80,000 ” I lost hope in her ability to make a living making music .
I ’d be much more impressed with someone who could make an album for $ 800 , because that shows they are resourceful .
They could record a hundred albums for the price of hers !
If I was an investor , I ’d invest in that kind of person .
Great music is n’t enough .
Losing money can’t last .
For a career to be sustainable , it has to be profitable .
Do n’t impress people with how much you spend .
Impress people with how little you spend .
Same goes for expensive tools .
The audience ca n’t hear the difference between cheap and expensive equipment .
So saying you need a certain tool is just another excuse to avoid the real work .
The more talented somebody is , the less they need the props .
Your ability to be resourceful diminishes over time .
You get older and feel you ’ve earned the comforts .
So especially early in your career , be as resourceful as possible .
It shows you can survive .
The creators of Duke Nukem Forever fired back today at publisher Take - Two , detailing the costs of developing the never seen game and saying they have n't closed the studios .
Advertisement
3D Realms , the studio behind the legendarily delayed Duke Nukem Forever claimed in a statement today that Take - Two , the publisher now suing the studio , provided $ 2.5 million in funding , a fraction of the $ 12 million described in the publisher 's lawsuit .
Most of that money went to other companies long since uninvolved with the game .
Advertisement
The studio did confirm that the DNF team has been let go , but expressed a desire to " co- create " games based on the character in the future .
In their statement , 3D Realms accuses Take - Two of failing to offer the team a reasonable deal to continue developing the game and instead trying to attain the Duke Nukem Forever game from 3D Realms earlier this month in what amounted to a " fire sale . "
Kotaku has requested comment on these allegations from Take - Two .
[ UPDATE : Take - Two declined to comment on 3D Realms ' statement . ]
3D Realms chief George Broussard e-mailed the full statement to Kotaku earlier today :
Georgine DiMaria , 24 , said as a child her asthma was so severe that it left her bedridden , forcing her to be homeschooled .
“ When you ca n’t breathe , nothing else matters , ” she said .
Because of law enforcement taken against people that have used marijuana for medicinal purposes , DiMaria would not say when she used marijuana or how she obtained it , but she did say it was medically beneficial to her .
DiMaria also said she kept her usage under wraps while serving as Miss New Jersey , due to the controversy surrounding the drug and its potential to be abused .
DiMaria became Miss New Jersey pageant and competed in the Miss America pageant in 2006 .
Since then , she has served as a national spokeswoman for the American Lung Association .
DiMaria emphasized that she does not condone smoking .
In February , the New Jersey state Senate approved a bill that would legalize marijuana for medicinal purposes .
It awaits approval in the Assembly and from Gov. Jon S. Corzine .
State Sen. Jeff Van Drew , D - Cape May , Cumberland , Atlantic , said Friday in a phone interview that he voted in favor of the bill after his constituents showed an overwhelming amount of support for the bill .
Van Drew said he believes medical marijuana should be available to those who need it , but he ’s concerned about a portion of the bill that would allow patients to grow as many as six marijuana plants of their own .
“ If you ’re growing plants , how can you tell which ones are being used for a medical need ? ” Van Drew asked .
Van Drew said he would prefer patients buy their medical marijuana at certified locations , a sort of pharmacy that would dispense it .
The senator noted California has a similar program , but its dispensiaries have struggled to stay open : Federal Drug Enforcement Administration kept raiding them to prevent illegal marijuana trafficking .
However , in March , U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder said federal agents will now target distributors only when they violate both federal and state laws — meaning , those in compliance with California law will no longer be raided .
To date , 13 states have approved the medical use of marijuana .
“ I ’m hoping that by the time ( the bill ) is going through the Assembly , maybe more will happen at the federal level , ” Van Drew said .
For DiMaria , the goal is to make sure government at all levels does not deny access to a drug that could help so many with medical conditions .
“ Marijuana could be a miracle drug for a lot of people , ” DiMaria said .
Art McMaster , president and CEO of the Miss America Organization , could not be reached Friday for a comment .
Source : Press of Atlantic City , The ( NJ )
Author : Ben Leach , Staff Writer
Published : Friday , April 17 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 South Jersey Publishing Co .
Contact : letters@pressofac.com
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/IqUIgWHt
Website : http://www.pressofatlanticcity.com/
Related Articles & Web Site :
Coalition for Medical Marijuana
http://www.cmmnj.org/
NJ Senate Passes Medical Marijuana Bill
http://cannabisnews.com/news/thread24514.shtml
Senate Votes Today To Legalize Med Marijuana
http://cannabisnews.com/news/thread24509.shtml
A Dublin company has claimed to have broken a Guinness World Record after lifting a car weighing more than five tonnes with just nine drops of glue .
Henkel Ireland is claiming the record in the catgeory of ' Heaviest vehicle lifted with glue ' after lifting a pick - up truck giving a piggyback ride to an additional Smart Car .
The total weight of the vehicles was 5.02 tonnes , which was almost one tonne more than the previous record .
The company is based in Tallaght and manufactures Loctite Superglue .
Henkel Product Development Manager Dr Liam O'Dwyer said : ' The preparation took a lot of hard work and we are thrilled to have achieved this world record .
' It 's a very impressive way to demonstrate the strength of our Super Glue and we are proud that it was developed and manufactured in Ireland . '
Staff from Henkel travelled to Germany following a series of trials in a yard at their base in Ballyfermot .
I ’m loving these hand - printed fabrics from Home Sweet !
Artist Jennifer Nelson ’s nature - inspired designs are totally gorgeous !
She block - prints all of her 55 % hemp 45 % organic cotton fabric by hand using water - based inks .
Hemp and organic cotton are both great green fabric options , and blends like the ones from Home Sweet give you the best of both worlds .
Hemp uses fewer pesticides to grow than conventional cotton .
It also nourishes the soil where it ’s planted and is a great oxygen - producing plant .
Conventional cotton farming accounts for about 25 % of the world ’s pesticides .
Not only is it hard on the environment , it ’s hard on the folks who produce it .
Much of the conventional cotton we use use comes from India , where companies like Monsanto are forcing the farmers into such crushing debt that Indian cotton farmers are committing suicide at an alarming rate .
Choosing organic supports the market for sustainable cotton crops , ones that large agriculture and chemical corporations do not control .
Home Sweet ’s fabrics are more than just beautiful : they make a difference .
Talented designers like Jennifer Nelson make Earth - friendly crafting easy !
You can snag her fabrics on the Home Sweet Etsy shop or request custom yardage .
[ Image Credits : Photos courtesy of Home Sweet .
Used with permission . ]
S.M.A.R.T. is a system in modern hard drives designed to report conditions that may indicate impending failure .
smartmontools is a free software package that can monitor S.M.A.R.T. attributes and run hard drive self - tests .
Although smartmontools runs on a number of platforms , I will only cover installing and configuring it on Linux .
Why Use S.M.A.R.T.?
Basically , S.M.A.R.T. may give you enough of a warning that you can safely backup all your data before your hard drive dies .
There is some amount of conflicting information on the internet about how reliable the warnings are .
The best source of research that I found is a paper from Google that describes an internal study of hard drive failure .
A quick summary : certain events greatly increase the chance of hard drive failure including reallocation events and failed self - tests , but only about 60 % of the drives that failed in the study had any negative S.M.A.R.T. attributes .
Obviously , nothing replaces regular backups .
A good source for more information is the S.M.A.R.T. wikipedia page .
Installation
On Debian or Ubuntu systems :
$ sudo apt - get install smartmontools
On Fedora :
$ sudo yum install smartmontools
Capabilities and Initial Tests
smartmontools comes with two programs : smartctl which is meant for interactive use and smartd which continuously monitors S.M.A.R.T .
Let ’s look at smartctl first :
$ sudo smartctl - i /dev/sda
Replace / dev/sda with your hard drive ’s device file in this command and all subsequent commands .
If there ’s only one hard drive in the system , it should be / dev/sda or / dev/hda .
If this command fails , you may need to let smartctl know what type of hard drive interface you ’re using :
$ sudo smartctl -d TYPE - i /dev/sda
where TYPE is usually one of ata , scsi , or sat ( for serial ata ) .
See the smartctl man page for more information .
Note that if you need -d here , you will need to add it to all smartctl commands .
This should print information similar to :
=== START OF INFORMATION SECTION === Model Family : SAMSUNG SpinPoint T133 series Device Model : SAMSUNG HD300LJ Serial Number : S0D7J1UL303628 Firmware Version : ZT100 - 12 User Capacity : 300,067,970,560 bytes Device is :
In smartctl database [ for details use : - P show ]
ATA Version is : 7 ATA Standard is : ATA / ATAPI - 7 T13 1532D revision 4a Local Time is : Fri Jan 2 03:08:20 2009 EST SMART support is : Available - device has SMART capability .
SMART support is : Enabled
Now that smartctl can access the drive , let ’s turn on some features .
Run the following command :
$ sudo smartctl -s on -o on -S on /dev/sda
-s on : This turns on S.M.A.R.T. support or does nothing if it ’s already enabled .
: This turns on S.M.A.R.T. support or does nothing if it ’s already enabled .
-o on : This turns on offline data collection .
Offline data collection periodically updates certain S.M.A.R.T. attributes .
Theoretically this could have a performance impact .
However , from the smartctl man page :
Normally , the disk will suspend offline testing while disk accesses are taking place , and then automatically resume it when the disk would otherwise be idle , so in practice it has little effect .
: This turns on offline data collection .
Offline data collection periodically updates certain S.M.A.R.T. attributes .
Theoretically this could have a performance impact .
However , from the smartctl man page : -S on : This enables “ autosave of device vendor - specific Attributes ” .
The command should return :
=== START OF ENABLE / DISABLE COMMANDS SECTION === SMART Enabled .
SMART Attribute Autosave Enabled .
SMART Automatic Offline Testing Enabled every four hours .
Next , let ’s check the overall health :
$ sudo smartctl - H /dev/sda
This command should return :
=== START OF READ SMART DATA SECTION === SMART overall - health self - assessment test result : PASSED
If it does n’t return PASSED , you should immediately backup all your data .
Your hard drive is probably failing .
Next , let ’s make sure that the drive supports self - tests .
I have yet to see a drive that does n’t , but the following command also gives time estimates for each test :
$ sudo smartctl -c /dev/sda
I wo n’t list the complete output because it ’s somewhat lengthy .
Make sure “ Self - test supported ” appears in the “ Offline data collection capabilities ” section .
Also , look for output similar to :
Short self - test routine recommended polling time : ( 2 ) minutes .
Extended self - test routine recommended polling time : ( 127 ) minutes .
These are rough estimates of how long the short and long self - test ’s will take respectively .
Let ’s run the short test :
$ sudo smartctl -t short / dev/sda
On my drive , this test should take 2 minutes , but this obviously varies .
You can run :
$ sudo smartctl -l selftest / dev/sda
to check results .
Unfortunately , there ’s no way to check progress , so just keep running that command until the results show up .
A successful run will look like :
=== START OF READ SMART DATA SECTION === SMART
Self - test log structure revision number 1 Num Test_Description Status Remaining LifeTime ( hours ) LBA_of_first_error # 1 Short offline Completed without error 00 % 21472 -
Now , do the same for the long self - test :
$ sudo smartctl -t long / dev/sda
The long test can take a significant amount of time .
You might want to run it overnight and check for the results in the morning .
If either test fails , you should immediately backup all your data and read the last section of this guide .
Configuring smartd
We ’ve now enabled some features and run the basic tests .
Instead of repeating the previous section daily , we can setup smartd to do it all automatically .
If your system has an /etc / smartd .conf file , check for a line that begins with DEVICESCAN .
If you find one comment it out by adding a ‘ # ’ to the beginning of the line .
DEVICESCAN does n’t work on my system and specifying a device file is easy .
Add the following line to /etc/smartd.conf :
/ dev/sda -a -d sat -o on - S on -s ( S/../.././02|L/../../6/03 ) -m root -M exec /usr / share / smartmontools / smartd - runner
Here ’s what each option does :
/ dev/sda : Replace this with the device file you ’ve been using in smartctl commands .
: Replace this with the device file you ’ve been using in smartctl commands .
- a :
This enables some common options .
You almost certainly want to use it .
: This enables some common options .
You almost certainly want to use it .
-d sat :
On my system , smartctl correctly guesses that I have a serial ata drive .
smartd on the other hand does not .
If you had to add a “ - d TYPE ” parameter to the smartctl commands , you ’ll almost certainly have to do the same here .
If you did n’t , try leaving it out initially .
You can add it later if smartd fails to start .
: On my system , smartctl correctly guesses that I have a serial ata drive .
smartd on the other hand does not .
If you had to add a “ - d TYPE ” parameter to the smartctl commands , you ’ll almost certainly have to do the same here .
If you did n’t , try leaving it out initially .
You can add it later if smartd fails to start .
-o on , - S on : These have the same meaning as the smartctl equivalents
: These have the same meaning as the smartctl equivalents -s ( S/../.././02|L/../../6/03 ) :
This schedules the short and long self - tests .
In this example , the short self - test will run daily at 2:00 A.M.
The long test will run on Saturday ’s at 3:00 A.M.
For more information , see the smartd .
conf man page .
: This schedules the short and long self - tests .
In this example , the short self - test will run daily at 2:00 A.M.
The long test will run on Saturday ’s at 3:00 A.M.
For more information , see the smartd .
conf man page .
-m root :
If any errors occur , smartd will send email to root .
On my system , mail for root is forwarded to my normal email account .
If you do n’t have a similar setup , replace root with your normal email address .
This option also requires a working email setup .
Most Linux distributions automatically have working outbound email .
: If any errors occur , smartd will send email to root .
On my system , mail for root is forwarded to my normal email account .
If you do n’t have a similar setup , replace root with your normal email address .
This option also requires a working email setup .
Most Linux distributions automatically have working outbound email .
-M exec /usr / share / smartmontools / smartd - runner :
This last part may be specific to the Debian and Ubuntu smartmontools packages .
Check if your system has /usr / share / smartmontools / smartd - runner .
If it does n’t , remove this option .
Instead of sending email directly , “ - M exec ” makes smartd run a different command when errors occur .
On Debian , smartd - runner will run each script in /etc / smartmontools / run.d/ , one of which emails the user specified by the “ - m ” option .
If you have more than one hard drive in your system , add a line for each one replacing / dev/sda with a different device file .
Finally , restart smartd :
$ sudo /etc/init.d/smartmontools restart
If this command fails , the end of / var / log / daemon.log should have some diagnostic information .
If smartd started fine , we should still test that email notifications are working .
Add “ - M test ” to the end of the configuration line in /etc/smartd.conf .
This will make smartd send out a test notification when it ’s next started .
Once again , restart smartd :
$ sudo /etc/init.d/smartmontools restart
You should receive an email similar to :
This email was generated by the smartd daemon running on : host name : polar DNS domain : shadypixel.com NIS domain : ( none )
The following warning / error was logged by the smartd daemon : TEST EMAIL from smartd for device : / dev/sda For details see host 's SYSLOG ( default : /var/log/syslog ) .
Afterward , you can delete “ - M test ” .
What To Do If smartd Detects Problems
First , immediately backup everything .
Depending on the error , your drive might be close to death or it may still have a long life ahead .
Consult the smartmontools FAQ .
It has some recommendations for specific errors .
Otherwise , ask for help on the smartmontools - support mailing list .
Last.fmとは
音楽情報共有SNSのLast.fmとブログ・ニュース・メディアのTechCrunch、Web
2.0の申し子とも言える両者が、抜き差しならない対立に追い込まれている。
Last.fmがどういったものかを言葉で説明するのは難しいが、簡単に言うと、皆さんがコンピュータ上で再生した音楽の曲名やジャンル等の情報を送らせて集計し(様々な音楽プレーヤ向けに、Scrobblerと呼ばれる送信用プラグインが用意されている)、そのデータをうまいこと料理して、ユーザごとにカスタマイズされた様々なサービスを提供する、というようなものである。
普段どんなアーティストのどんな曲をどのくらいの頻度で聴いているかということが分かれば、その聞き手の好みのようなものがある程度推測できる。そこから、そのユーザが好きそうな曲だけを集めたインターネットラジオを用意したり(これが元々の主力サービスだった。Last.fmさえあればもうFMラジオは要らない、これが最後のFM局( Last FM ) というのがそもそもの名前の由来)、音楽の嗜好が似た人を紹介したりといったSNS的な仕組みを提供することが可能となる。日本では、例によってJASRACとの交渉がこじれて肝心のインターネットラジオ部分がなかなか提供できず(提供し始めたのは去年の夏から)、結果として今ひとつ一般には普及していないが、海外ではすでに相当な量のユーザが存在する。
こ のLast.fmが、最近になってかなり深刻なスキャンダルに巻き込まれた。
ラウンド1 : 急襲
そもそもの発端は今年2月、当時3月3日に発売予定だった人気ロックバンドU2の新作『No
Line on the Horizon』の音源が、発売日よりも前にインターネット上に流出したことだった。2月17日、音楽メジャー・レーベルUniversalのオーストラリア子会社が間違えて、まだリリースされていないにも関わらずU2の新曲群をデジタル・ダウンロードで買えるようにしてしまったのだ( What The U2 Leak Says About Music Biz ) 。買える状態になっていたのは2時間だけですぐに引っ込めたそうだが、それでも気づいた奴はいたわけで、楽曲はあっという間にBitTorrentなどのP2Pネットワークに放流され、大量に市中へ出回ることになった。
個人的には、起こったことは仕方がないし、どうせ買う人は買うのだからそんなもの放っておけばいいんじゃないかと思ってしまうのだが、レコード会社、あるいはそれを代表するRIAA(アメリカ・レコード協会)的にはそうもいかないらしく、流出音源を正式リリース前に手に入れた不埒な奴をを突き止め、何とか懲らしめようと苦心しているらしい。そして、どうやらRIAAは、Last.fmにユーザのデータを要求したらしいのである。
Last.fmに蓄積されたデータには、何人が何という曲をいつ聞いたかに加え、Last.fmのユーザ名やIPアドレスも記載されているはずなので、これを見れば、どこのどいつがU2の新曲を、正式発売日よりも前に聞いていたかが分かる。うまく行けば、流出させた犯人までたどり着けるかもしれない。まあそこまでは無理でも、それなりに腰を据えて分析すれば、音源流出からBitTorrentへの放流に至る地下ネットワーク(?)のようなものの時間的・空間的・人脈的な流れをあぶり出せるかもしれないわけである。RIAAとしては、今後の対策を練る上でも興味深いデータだろう。しかし、データの大部分が公開情報(ユーザのページに行けばあらかた見られる)とは言え、Last.fmがこんなものを自社外にまとまった形で渡して良いかはかなり微妙、私の感覚では黒に近いグレーと言わざるを得ない。法的に責任を問われるかどうかには議論の余地があるが(Last.fmのプライバシーポリシー)、少なくともLast.fmのユーザには、相当な失望を与えるだろう。
というような疑惑を、有力ITメディアのTechCrunchが報じたのが、今年の2月20日のことだった( Did Last.fm Just Hand Over User Listening Data To the RIAA ? ) 。これに対し 、Last.fm側は直ちに猛烈な反論を開始した。Last.fm共同創業者のRichard Jones氏は問題のTechCrunchの記事にコメントをつけると共にLast.fmの公式ブログにおいても「TechCrunchは嘘ばっかりだ」( TechCrunch are full of shit ) というエントリを掲載。TechCrunchの報道は全くの事実無根と主張したのである。
確かに、こ のTechCrunchの記事には何ら証拠となるようなものが書いていなかった。根拠は情報源から寄せられたメール、と称するものだけで、ほとんど「ウワサ」に過ぎない。当時私が読んでも、これじゃ真偽は判断できないなと思ったくらいである。よって、この記事に限って言えばガセネタ呼ばわりされても仕方がない。そんなわけで、この時点ではTechCrunchが一方的に面目を失って事態は終結したかのように見えた。
ラウン ド2 : 逆襲
TechCrunchが逆襲に転じたのは今月5月に入ってからである。「Last.fm、否定してみろ」( Deny This , Last.fm)という挑発的なタイトルの記事を出してきたのだ。これはTechCrunchの編集長Michael Arringtonが自ら執筆したもので、以下の3点を主張している。
なるほどLast.fmがRIAAにデータを引き渡したわけではない。 引き渡したのはLast.fmの親会社のCBSだ 。
。 CBSはLast.fmを騙した。Last.fmは、CBSがRIAAに渡すつもりだと知らず、内部使用オンリーのつもりでデータを渡した。Last.fmのスタッフは外部にデータが流れたことを後で知って激怒している。
TechCrunchの情報源にこのことをリークしたCBS社員はクビになり、CBSから訴えられそうである。
相変わらず、Last.fmに近い「 TechCrunchの情報源」というのが誰なのか良く分からないので何とも言えないのだが、少なくとも以前の記事よりは話が具体的になってきた。メールのスキャンなどというものも公開している(こんなものは偽造も簡単だろうしいまいち意味が良く分からないのだが)。もちろんこの記事にもLast.fm側から反論があり、状況は混沌としていてまだまだ何とも言えないというのが現時点での結論である。
戦い済んで日が暮れ て
結局今回の騒動がどういう方向で収まるのか、私には分からない。仮にLast.fm(というか親会社のCBS)が個人を特定可能なデータをRIAAに提供していたとしたら、それはそれで重大なスキャンダルだと思うが、むしろLast.fmとしては、ユーザに嘘をついていたことが明らかになるほうが、ダメージとしては大きかろう。また、もしLast.fm/CBSのほうが正しく、TechCrunchのほうが完全なガセネタを掴んでいた場合、こちらも容易ならざる事態である。一度目はともかく、二度目は完全にTechCrunchからLast.fmに喧嘩を売っているわけで、これが通らないとなるとニュースメディアとしてのTechCrunchの信頼性は失墜するし、それこそTechCrunchが消滅してもおかしくないくらいのスキャンダルと言える。ようするに、うやむやにする以外落としどころがなく、どちらも引っ込みがつかなくなっているのである。私が事態の進展を注視しているゆえんである。
A friend , a Pakistani journalist , recently came out of the troubled Swat valley in northwest Pakistan and told a chilling tale .
He said , " It is now halal [ religiously sanctioned ] to kill journalists . "
The tribal Muslim clerics in Swat , he said , have declared open season on reporters whose writings they disapprove of .
My friend , a brave and devout Sunni Muslim , seemed quite shaken , having spent two weeks reporting under threat in Swat , an area once called the Switzerland of Pakistan .
Several journalists have already been murdered for a perceived breach of theocratic codes .
Such violence is religious " correctness " in the extreme , but vigilante enforcement of theocratic codes can crop up whenever and wherever an individual or minority does not conform to the religious tenets of the majority .
In the United States , when Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison ( D ) of Minnesota asked to be sworn in using the Koran , the personal attacks on him from the Christian right were just short of poisonous .
In areas such as the Balkans and Iraq , religious intimidation has taken the form of ethnic cleansing , forcibly coercing religious minorities to emigrate .
In the West Bank a decade ago , I witnessed Hamas activists taunting Christian women for wearing crosses around their necks .
Though Palestinian officials deny religious coercion , the exodus of Christian Arabs from the West Bank suggests otherwise .
Another form of religious intimidation worms its way through US high schools .
Teenagers complain of being verbally assaulted by " God squads , " whose members roam corridors demanding to know if their fellow students share their messianic religious visions – and if not , why not ?
Religious bullying is " a great concern , " says Deborah Lauter of the Anti-Defamation League .
" It does happen a lot … we believe it 's a pervasive problem . "
Daniel Mach of the American Civil Liberties Union agrees : " It 's clear this problem is not going to go away soon . "
The ACLU is representing a group of anonymous students in Santa Rosa County , Fla. , who allege that school officials created a coercive environment in promoting their personal religious beliefs in school and at school events .
" The students are proceeding anonymously to avoid intimidation and threats of violence … , " Mr. Mach said .
Indeed , the list of complaints from those who are unwilling to go forward for fear of intimidation and possible violence " is far longer [ than ] the list of cases filed , " according to Art Spitzer , another ACLU attorney .
He said it is easier to win these cases in the courts , but religionist partisans win in the schools because " there are no judges in the principals ' offices . "
A friend in a northern Virginia high school said religious hectoring by students is " very aggressive and sometimes involves physical threats . "
He told of a young Jewish friend who is frequently told by other students that her religion is " wrong because you do n't believe in God . "
Judaism can be no less bullying , however , when it finds itself in the majority .
Walk through Mea Shearim , an Orthodox neighborhood in Jerusalem .
If you are a nonobservant Jew , or worse , a gentile , you risk being cursed or stoned .
I was spat upon eight years ago for merely walking through the area once ( no , it was n't a Jewish holiday or Sabbath ) .
These incidents are rarely discussed because we fear giving offense .
It 's disingenuous , however , to pretend they do not occur .
Intimidation is intimidation , whether it's found in Pakistan , Jerusalem , Florida , or northern Virginia .
Western civilization has become far too tolerant of religious intolerance that masquerades as freedom of religion .
Young people today are taught not to be " judgmental , " but without making critical judgments , how can we curtail threats to individual liberty ?
And amid such intellectual tapioca learning itself becomes irrelevant .
Zoe Oldenburg , a scholar of a most horrific outbreak of religious violence , the Roman Catholic Church 's Albigensian Crusade against the Cathars of the 13th century , wrote , " the essential value of any faith must be judged by the effect it produces in the lives of its devotees . … "
Religion should have a humanizing effect on its adherents .
Civilizing barbarians was an original aim of Islam .
Christianity is supposed to cultivate charity for all mankind .
The original idea of loving thy neighbor as thyself was first articulated in Jewish Scripture .
Yet when religion loses sight of its potential civilizing leaven , it risks merely becoming tyranny in subtler guise .
Thomas Jefferson swore " eternal hostility toward every tyranny over the mind of man . "
Today , however , political and religious leaders tend to snooze their way through the various manifestations of religious coercion and intimidation reminiscent of a darker medieval world .
Walter Rodgers , a former senior international correspondent for CNN , writes a biweekly column .
AMERICA'S government is a willing buyer of bad assets , but are its banks willing sellers ?
If a lender flogs a loan or security for less than the value at which it is booked on its balance - sheet , it suffers a loss , depleting its capital .
It follows that if banks ' carrying values are still above those that state - sponsored bidders want to pay , they will not sell voluntarily .
Just how optimistic are banks ' books ?
Two - thirds of the Treasury scheme 's purchasing power will be directed towards legacy loans .
America 's ten biggest banks had plenty of these — $ 3.6 trillion at the end of 2008 , or about a third of their assets .
However by global convention loans are not marked to market , but carried at cost and impaired gradually .
Some categories of risky loans , for example to private - equity firms , have been written down .
But the vast majority of loans have not .
In aggregate the carrying value of the top - ten banks ' loan books was 3 % above the market price in December .
That gap may not seem much , but it amounts to over $ 110 billion ; if it were crystallised , it would wipe out a quarter of these banks ' tangible common equity , their purest form of capital .
The loss is also likely to be concentrated on the dodgiest loans , making them hard to sell .
The remainder of the scheme 's firepower will be directed at securities , which at $ 3.7 trillion comprise another third of the top - ten banks ' assets .
These are marked to market and have been the main source of the savage write - downs that banks have suffered .
Many fear that banks are still being over - optimistic about their nastiest assets .
For the top ten banks , 16 % of securities were classified as “ Level 3 ” , equivalent to 1.5 times their equity ( see chart ) .
Level 3 means there are no reliable market prices available , leaving the banks free to use models .
The assumptions in these may not be particularly pessimistic : at the end of 2008 , $ 12 billion of Citigroup 's Level 3 structured - credit exposures were valued according to a fall in house prices of 33 % from the peak — a smaller drop than the one in the government 's own “ stress test ” .
Those banks with the least capital probably have more generous valuations .
And the scheme will buy only securities that originally had an AAA credit rating , which rules out the nastiest stuff .
That still leaves about $ 3 trillion of securities that are marked to market using more reliable direct or indirect price inputs .
But banks may be reluctant to sell their loans and their most toxic securities — exactly what the scheme is meant to target .
The obvious remedy is to force banks to write down their assets further as part of the governments ' continuing stress tests .
But with capital ratios tight and the Treasury 's bail - out kitty now almost depleted , that could push several big banks towards insolvency .
Trend Micro virus hunter Ivan Macalintal appears to be the first researcher to identify specific , updated instructions being passed along , node - to - node , among PCs infected with Conficker Variant C .
On April 8 , Macalintal isolated an infected PC in Korea that was passing the update across Conficker ’s customized P2P network .
The PC in Korea received the update from another node on Conficker ’s P2P net .
Macalintal told LastWatchdog that he also has identified similar P2P transfers taking place amongst Conficker - infected PCs in Thailand .
So the other shoe has fallen .
Conficker ’s controllers have begun sending malicious payloads to infected PCs .
And they did not even have to get infected machines to successfully check in at 500 rendezvous points , randomly selected from 50,000 web domains .
You ’ll recall this was the new routine activated on all C machines on April Fools Day .
Ã‚Â
So much for the big debate about the significance of that phone - home routine .
“ We did not detect any downloads at the 50,000 domains on April 8 , ” says Sophos researcher Richard Wang .
“ Therefore we believe an alternate means of introducing the update was used . ”
Taking the easy route
The consensus among half a dozen top researchers contacted by LastWatchdog is that the bad guys took the easiest route available : they simply injected the April 8 update into one of the PCs on its P2P net .
After all , the bad guysÃ‚Â all along have had full access to each node in their P2P net .
“ The best shot is doing it through P2P , ” says Luis Corrons , director of Panda Labs .
“ It is as easy as having an infected computer connected to the P2P network . ”
Symantec researcher Eric Chien estimates that 1 million to 2 million PCs remain infected with Variant C , and are thus part of Conficker ’s P2P network .
But Chien said he could not pinpoint how many C machines have received the April 8 update .
“ It is definitely over hundreds of thousands , ” says Chien .
“ How any of these C machines will update remains to be seen . ”
Presumably a very high percentage of C machines have the update , since there is little to hinder secure node - to - node communications within Conficker ’s proprietary P2P network .
But then again , many aspects of the stealthy Conficker remain obscure , despite the full attention paid to it by a couple of hundred of the world ’s top virus hunters .
“ Unfortunately , like we ’ve learned in the past , nearly nothing about Conficker is obvious and it takes time to understand all aspects , ” observes F - Secure ’s Patrik Runald .
Here ’s what Conficker C machines with the April 8 update now do :
BeginsÃ‚Â spreading routines anew .
You ’ll recall from this timeline that Conficker C in early March shut down the battery of spreading mechanisms on machines infected with Variant B and Variant B ++.
The April 8 update contains fresh propogation routines .
Thus updated C machines are once again scanning the Internet for unpatched Windows PCs to infect , spreading to shared drives , infecting USB devices and using brute - force password attacks to break into any nearby servers .
“ It has exactly the same propagation features of the first variant , ” says Panda Labs director Corrons .
You ’ll recall from this timeline that Conficker C in early March shut down the battery of spreading mechanisms on machines infected with Variant B and Variant B ++.
The April 8 update contains fresh propogation routines .
Thus updated C machines are once again scanning the Internet for unpatched Windows PCs to infect , spreading to shared drives , infecting USB devices and using brute - force password attacks to break into any nearby servers .
“ It has exactly the same propagation features of the first variant , ” says Panda Labs director Corrons .
Hides its tracks better .
The April 8 update changes the distinctive way Conficker machines respond to some standard network connections , a characteristic the good guys have been using as a means to scan the Internet for signs of infected machines .
“ The latest version of Conficker has changed the code that it uses to respond to these network requests , ” says Sophos ’ Wang .
“ This may be an effort to avoid detection by the network scanning tools by making Conficker ’s response more like a standard Windows response . ”
The April 8 update also expands the list of scan - and - cleanup tools which infected machines are instructed to disable or block .
.
The April 8 update changes the distinctive way Conficker machines respond to some standard network connections , a characteristic the good guys have been using as a means to scan the Internet for signs of infected machines .
“ The latest version of Conficker has changed the code that it uses to respond to these network requests , ” says Sophos ’ Wang .
“ This may be an effort to avoid detection by the network scanning tools by making Conficker ’s response more like a standard Windows response . ”
The April 8 update also expands the list of scan - and - cleanup tools which infected machines are instructed to disable or block .
Installs fake AntiVirus .
In a separate event around the time of the April 8 update , the bad guys also installed a copy ofÃ‚Â the Waledac spamming worm , says F - Secure ’s Runald .
Waledac , in turn , triggered Ã‚Â fake antivirus pitches for “ Spyware Protect 2009 ” to display on infected machines , says Runald .
Ã‚Â Symantec researcher Chien adds : Ã‚Â
“ The user will see a pop up window appear that will seem to scan the user ’s machine .
Then a ‘ Windows Security alert ’ icon will appear , advising the user that his or her machine is infected with multiple fake threats .
When the user selects to remove the threats , it will then request you purchase the software .
This will redirect you to a Web site to purchase the software for $ 49.95 USD . ”
Kaspersky Labs has a helpful breakdown of this particular strain of fake antivirus sales pitch here .
“ These criminals are motivated by one thing : money , ” says Trend ’s Macalintal .
“ A very large botnet of compromised computers does n’t make money if it justs sits there doing nothing .
So now Conficker has awakened , and perhaps their desire to monetize their efforts is becoming more clear . ”
April 10th , 2009 | For consumers | Imminent threats | Top Stories
« previous post | next post »
According to The Economist , 4/2/2009 , " Neuroscience and social deprivation : I am just a poor boy though my story 's seldom told " :
THAT the children of the poor underachieve in later life , and thus remain poor themselves , is one of the enduring problems of society .
Sociologists have studied and described it .
Socialists have tried to abolish it by dictatorship and central planning .
Liberals have preferred democracy and opportunity .
But nobody has truly understood what causes it .
Until , perhaps , now .
The crucial breakthrough was made three years ago , when Martha Farah of the University of Pennsylvania showed that the working memories of children who have been raised in poverty have smaller capacities than those of middle - class children .
[ emphasis added ]
OK , keep that bold - faced statement in mind .
Now let me offer you a bet .
Suppose we have a large group of " children who have been raised in poverty " , and another large group of " middle - class children " , taken from the same groups described in the cited research ; and we measure the capacity of their working memories , using the same testing techniques as the cited research .
We pick one of the " children raised in poverty " at random , and one of the " middle - class children " at random .
Will you bet me that the rich kid will outscore the poor kid , giving odds of , oh , say , 2 - to - 1 ?
( That is , you put up \ $ 200 and I put up \ $ 100 . )
You might not like to gamble on single events — I certainly do n't — so let 's give you the benefit of the law of large numbers .
We 'll run this same bet 100 times , with 100 different random pairs of kids .
Will you take the challenge now ?
It certainly seems like you should — if " the working memories of children who have been raised in poverty have smaller capacities than those of middle - class children " is a statement about all poor kids and all rich kids , then this ought to be a quick way for you to pick up \ $ 10,000 , right ?
But if you 're a sensible person , then your response will be that you have no idea from the Economist article whether I 'm offering you a sure thing , a fair bet , or a probable loss .
And I have an advantage over you , which is that I know the details of the research that the Economist is talking about .
The reference is Martha J. Farah et al. , " Childhood poverty : Specific associations with neurocognitive development " , Brain Research 1110 ( 1) :166–174 , 2006 .
Martha and her colleagues gave a range of tests to middle SES and low SES African - American girls between the ages of 10 and 13 .
As I pointed out in a blog post a couple of years ago ( " Cultural specificity and universal values " , 12/22/2006 ) , the biggest effect found in this important study was actually in in language - related cognitive measures — an effect size of about d=0.95 for vocabulary and sentence - understanding tests :
The second - biggest effect , of about d=0.65 , was for what they called " the Medial temporal / Memory composite " , which involved " incidental learning tasks " ( I think that this involved the unattended background of another task . )
The Economist 's article focuses on what Farah et al. call " the Lateral prefrontal / Working memory composite " — a combination of a spatial working - memory task ( something like " where in that array of numbers was the 3 ? " ) and a two - back task ( " press the button when the stimulus is the same as the one before the previous one " ) — which had an effect size of about 0.5 .
What does an " effect size of 0.5 " mean about the distribution of performance among the middle and low SES subjects ?
This means that the average value for the first group was about half a standard deviation higher than the average value for the second group .
If the distribution of values within each group was " normal " ( i.e. gaussian ) , then idealized forms of the two probability density functions would look like this :
( For an example of what empirical distributions look like in such comparisons , see this blog post . )
Another way to think about such overlapping distributions is to ask how often a randomly - selected member of one group would outscore a randomly - selected member of the other group .
In this case , we 'd expect the random middle - SES girl to do better on a working memory task than a low - SES girl about 64 times out of 100 .
This is a moderately large effect — though not as big as the difference in language - related scores , where the effect size of 0.95 means that we'd expect the middle - SES girl to have a higher score about 75 % of the time .
From this information , you could make an informed guess as to whether I 'm offering you a fair bet or not .
( The answer is " not " — I 'd expect to walk away with more than $ 800 of your money . )
This is not to say that Martha Farah 's discovery about working memory was not meaningful and important .
( It 's probably less important than her discovery about linguistic abilities , but that 's another matter . )
Nevertheless , there 's a serious point behind the foolishness about betting odds .
Generic statements like " the working memories of children who have been raised in poverty have smaller capacities than those of middle - class children " seem to be general statements about the properties of groups , but in fact they 're not .
Rather , they 're statements about the distribution of properties of the individuals making up the groups .
And they 're effectively meaningless if they do n't tell us anything about how much the distributions overlap .
Whenever you see a statement of this kind , you should ask yourself " at what odds would I take a bet on the outcome of a series of random paired comparisons ? "
Or some related statement , like " how often would a randomly - selected member of group A beat a randomly - selected member of group B? " , or " what is the effect size ? " or " how do the quantiles compare ? "
In this particular case , the comparison was not only statistically significant , it involved a moderate effect size — but nothing about the Economist 's description could give you any confidence in that outcome .
It might have been a statistically - significant difference in group means with an effect size of 0.05 , and I might have walked away with piles of your money at odds of 5 - to - 4 or less .
OK , let 's go on with the article from The Economist :
Since Dr Farah ’s discovery , Gary Evans and Michelle Schamberg of Cornell University have studied the phenomenon in more detail [ and ] have found that the reduced capacity of the memories of the poor is almost certainly the result of stress affecting the way that childish brains develop . [… ]
To measure the amount of stress an individual had suffered over the course of his life , the two researchers used an index known as allostatic load .
This is a combination of the values of six variables : diastolic and systolic blood pressure ; the concentrations of three stress - related hormones ; and the body - mass index , a measure of obesity .
For all six , a higher value indicates a more stressful life ; and for all six , the values were higher , on average , in poor children than in those who were middle class .
Moreover , because Dr Evans ’s wider study had followed the participants from birth , the two researchers were able to estimate what proportion of each child ’s life had been spent in poverty .
That more precise figure , too , was correlated with the allostatic load .
The capacity of a 17 - year - old ’s working memory was also correlated with allostatic load .
Those who had spent their whole lives in poverty could hold an average of 8.5 items in their memory at any time .
Those brought up in a middle - class family could manage 9.4 , and those whose economic and social experiences had been mixed were in the middle .
[ emphasis added ]
Now it 's betting time again .
We 're going to compare random pairs of poor and middle - class youths from population in this study , using the same working - memory test they used .
I 'm going to bet on the poor kids .
At what odds will you take my bet ?
This time , you should know enough to keep your wallet in your pants or purse until you get some more information .
The cited paper ( Gary W. Evans and Michell A. Schamberg , " Childhood poverty , chronic stress , and working memory " , PNAS early edition , 3/30/2009 ) is Open Access , so you all can read it .
Unfortunately , it does n't really give us the information we need to set odds , at least not in an easy - to - assimilate form .
But from this graph , you can get a sense of how it 's going to turn out :
The difference in the group averages was 0.9 items .
From the scatterplot , I 'm guessing that the standard deviations were substantially greater than 1.8 , so the effect size was less than the 0.5 that Farah et al. found ; and as a result , I 'm going to be happy to take your money at 2 - to - 1 odds .
If I spent a bit of time toting up values from the graph and doing some simple calculations , I might be happy to lower the odds considerably and still be confident of coming out ahead .
More seriously , let 's think about how the Economist 's writer expressed this result .
At least we 're given some numbers , not just a generic statement that one group scores better than the other .
But the only numbers that we get are the mean values for each group , without any way to judge what this means in terms of the degree of overlap of the distributions .
And as a result , the numbers are almost meaningless , at least with respect to the issue that the article wants to address , namely " how poverty passes from generation to generation " .
( We might also want to know how well measures of working memory predict socio- economic outcomes ; but never mind that for now . )
I 'm not criticizing the research , which is an important contribution .
( Martha Farah , in particular , is a good friend as well as a terrific researcher ) .
Nor am I criticizing the Economist , exactly — it 's not only the best magazine in the world these days , it 's actually quite good .
But on this particular point , the Economist is rarely any better than its peers .
This is presumably because a significant proportion of its readers would be baffled by talk of effect sizes or percentiles , while the proportion who are bothered by vague talk about generic differences is minuscule .
Such things are not effectively taught or widely learned , even among quantitatively - minded intellectuals .
But I also think that there 's a linguistic aspect .
If Benjamin Lee Whorf were alive , he might argue that our whole society is intellectually hamstrung by the way that English — like all the other languages of the world — tends to make us think about the evaluation and comparison of the properties of members of groups .
And , I think , he might be right .
The easy and natural ways of talking about group comparisons express differences in terms of properties of the groups involved , or in terms of properties of imaginary generic or average group members : " the working memories of children who have been raised in poverty have smaller capacities than those of middle - class children " ; " Those who had spent their whole lives in poverty could hold an average of 8.5 items in their memory at any time .
Those brought up in a middle - class family could manage 9.4 " .
Writers and speakers may know what 's really going on , at least with half of their brains , but readers and listeners are fooled into thinking that they understand these generic statements , even though in the absence of information about the comparison of distributions rather than the comparison of average values , they 're left completely unable to put that understanding to any valid use .
This situation ought to be just as puzzling , at least to members of a more advanced civilization , as the Pirahã 's ignorance of numbers is to us .
Permalink
Oh boy …popcorn all around !
This from the Bush Legacy Revisionism Tour ™ .
Chris Matthews asks Ari Fleischer about how Bush left the economy .
Fleischer answers 9/11 !
9/11 !
Then the money shot …
Matthews :
We were attacked on your watch .
If you start getting into who was attacked when , we suffered the worst domestic calamity in history on your watch .
Fleischer : Chris , how dare you !
Priceless !
: : : : : : : : : :
This story is almost unimaginably repulsive .
McClatchy reports that one of the prime pressures that led to using torture as an " interrogation technique " was the prewar effort to find " links " between al Qaida and Iraq -- links which the intelligence community already were confident did not exist :
A former senior U.S. intelligence official familiar with the interrogation issue said that Cheney and former Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld demanded that intelligence agencies and interrogators find evidence of al Qaida - Iraq collaboration .
" There were two reasons why these interrogations were so persistent , and why extreme methods were used , " the former senior intelligence official said on condition of anonymity because of the issue 's sensitivity .
" The main one is that everyone was worried about some kind of follow - up attack ( after 9/11 ) .
But for most of 2002 and into 2003 , Cheney and Rumsfeld , especially , were also demanding proof of the links between al Qaida and Iraq that ( former Iraqi exile leader Ahmed ) Chalabi and others had told them were there . "
It was during this period that CIA interrogators waterboarded two alleged top al Qaida detainees repeatedly —
Abu Zubeida at least 83 times in August 2002 and Khalid Sheik Mohammed 183 times in March 2003 — according to a newly released Justice Department document . [...]
" Cheney 's and Rumsfeld 's people were told repeatedly , by CIA . . . and by others , that there was n't any reliable intelligence that pointed to operational ties between bin Laden and Saddam , and that no such ties were likely because the two were fundamentally enemies , not allies . "
Senior administration officials , however , " blew that off and kept insisting that we 'd overlooked something , that the interrogators were n't pushing hard enough , that there had to be something more we could do to get that information , " he said .
According to another source , from the Senate Armed Services report :
" While we were there a large part of the time we were focused on trying to establish a link between al Qaida and Iraq and we were not successful in establishing a link between al Qaida and Iraq , " Burney told staff of the Army Inspector General .
" The more frustrated people got in not being able to establish that link . . . there was more and more pressure to resort to measures that might produce more immediate results . "
I sat myself down to write a long essay about this , but I could not .
We have here the foul nexus between the Bush administration pushing " enhanced " interrogation techniques , and the ginned up case for the Iraq War .
As early as 2002 , torture was being used not to break " resistant " subjects , but in an effort to gain information that would be primarily politically useful .
Two points are critical .
First , that both the approval for which " enhanced " techniques would be used and the political pressure to use them came directly from members of the Bush administration .
And second , that the torture was used in spite of the intelligence services involved knowing that the torture was extremely unlikely to produce any useful information , because they already knew -- despite the pressure from " Cheney 's and Rumsfeld 's people " -- that there were no such links .
And yet they tortured prisoners in an attempt to find them .
They ordered torture ; they approved the specific methods to be used , including " waterboarding " , a long - recognized method of torture ; they did it in an attempt to extract politically expedient information from prisoners ; they did it in spite of knowing that the prisoners would almost certainly not be able to provide any such information .
I cannot come up with any rationale for why this would not be , unambiguously , a war crime .
By James Alexander
BBC News
At least one suicide in the UK has been linked with the hum For decades , hundreds of people worldwide have been plagued by an elusive buzzing noise known as " the Hum " .
Some have blamed gas pipes or power lines , others think their ears are faulty .
A few even think sinister forces could be at work .
" It 's a kind of torture , sometimes you just want to scream , " exclaims retired head teacher Katie Jacques .
Sitting in the living room of her home in the suburbs of Leeds , the 69 - year - old grandmother describes the dull drone she says is making her life a misery .
Most visitors hear nothing , but to Katie the noise is painful , vivid and constant .
" It has a rhythm to it - it goes up and down .
It sounds almost like a diesel car idling in the distance and you want to go and ask somebody to switch the engine off - and you can't . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Katie says she no longer has any quiet moments and getting a good night 's sleep has become impossible .
" It 's worst at night .
It 's hard to get off to sleep because I hear this throbbing sound in the background and you know what it 's like when you can't get to sleep and you 're tossing and turning and you get more and more agitated about it . "
Katie first became aware of the maddening rumble two years ago .
She turned everything electrical off at the mains , but that made no difference .
Neither did her efforts to block out the sound with ear plugs , or smother it with music .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Neighbours are unaffected and tests by environmental health officials have drawn a blank .
Checks on Katie 's ears ruled out tinnitus , a ringing noise that generally follows the sufferer wherever they go .
Katie , like most victims of the hum , only hears the noise at a specific location - in her case , at home .
Elsewhere , her hearing is fine .
Moving out is an option she 's considered , but she 's reluctant to leave the house she 's lived in for nearly 50 years .
" My children grew up here , they still live nearby , so do my grandchildren .
I have lots of friends here .
I do n't want to move , but I have thought I may have to if I can't find out what 's causing it . "
Bad vibrations
The hum is a phenomenon that has been reported in towns and cities across the world from Vancouver in Canada to Auckland in New Zealand .
In Britain , the most famous example was the so - called " Bristol hum " that made headlines in the late 1970s .
One newspaper asked readers in the city : " Have you heard the Hum ? "
Almost 800 people said they had .
The problem persisted for years .
Residents complained of sleep loss , headaches , sickness and nosebleeds .
Experts eventually found traffic and factories were to blame .
There have been other cases in Cheshire , Cornwall , Gloucestershire , London , Shropshire , Suffolk and Wiltshire .
A low - pitched drone known as the " Largs hum " has troubled the coastal town of Largs in Strathclyde for more than two decades .
People assume you must be hearing things , but I 'm not crackers
Katie Jacques , hum sufferer
At least one suicide in the UK has been linked with the hum .
And the problem is on the increase , according to the Low Frequency Noise Sufferers ' Association .
Two thousand people have so far contacted its helpline , and it says it receives two or three new cases every week .
They are generally over 50 and are mostly female .
' Cover -up '
So what is the cause ?
Various features of modern life have been blamed - gas pipes , power lines , mobile phone masts , wind farms , nuclear waste , even low - frequency submarine communications .
The internet is abuzz with rumour and speculation .
There are dark mutterings about secret military activity , alien contact and government cover-ups .
The hum even featured in an episode of the sci - fi drama " The X - Files " .
Such conspiracy theories are understandable , but unhelpful , according to Dr David Baguley , who 's head of audiology at Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge .
He estimates that in about a third of cases there is some environmental source that can be tracked down and dealt with .
" It may be a fridge or an industrial fan or a piece of heavy machinery at a nearby factory that is causing the disturbance and can be switched off , " he says .
Most of the time , however , there is no external noise that can be recorded or identified .
" People do come up with some strongly constructed , sometimes strange theories , " says Dr Baguley .
The more people focus on the noise , the more anxious and fearful they get
Dr David Baguley , audiologist
His own theory - based on years of research - is that many sufferers ' hearing has become over - sensitive .
Surrounded in his office by plastic models of human ears , he explains how we each have an internal volume control that helps us amplify quiet sounds in times of threat , danger or intense concentration .
" If you 're sitting by a table waiting for exam results and the phone rings you jump out of your skin .
Waiting for a teenager to come home from a party - the key in the door sounds really loud .
Your internal gain is sensitised . "
This is a mechanism we all rely on at moments of pressure or stress when we want our senses on full alert .
According to Dr Baguley , the problem comes when an individual fixes on a possibly innocuous background sound , and this act of concentration then triggers the body 's " internal gain " , boosting the volume .
The initial " signal " may vary from person to person , but the outcome is the same .
" It becomes a vicious cycle , " he explains .
" The more people focus on the noise , the more anxious and fearful they get , the more the body responds by amplifying the sound , and that causes even more upset and distress . "
Sound of silence
In an attempt to break this cycle , Dr Baguley is currently working on a pilot project with the acoustics laboratory at the University of Salford .
The trial - funded by the Department for Environment and the Department of Health - uses psychology and relaxation techniques to help sufferers become less agitated and distressed by the hum .
Dr David Baguley has examined numerous people with the problem
The experiment is not finished , but Dr Baguley says the initial results look promising , allowing the noise to quieten and in some cases fall silent .
" It 's really exciting , " he says .
" For years I 've been seeing people with this problem in my clinic and it's been hard to find answers .
But now there is hope and there is potentially help . "
Back in Leeds , Katie Jacques is pleased the hum is being taken seriously , but remains adamant that her suffering is caused by a real , external noise nuisance .
She suspects it may be something to do with the nearby airport , although the authorities there say no engines are left running overnight .
" People assume you must be hearing things , but I 'm not crackers , " she laughs .
" I do n't know how I can get this over to people , but this is not in my head .
It 's just as though there 's something in your house and you want to switch if off and you can't .
It 's there all the time . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rush Limbaugh 's Soul Preying ( M. McKinney )
Rush Limbaugh must apologize or be fired for racial and sexual slurs and the hate tirade on Haiti .
Ezili's HLLN Action Alert : File an FCC complaint against Rush Limbaugh 's graphic race - baiting , hate - filled statements about Haiti , on the air on May 20 , 2009 , between 12 - 3 pm for the Clear Channel Communications .
***** in this note*******
- HLLN Action Alert
- A sample letter to Limbaugh - at his email address : elrushbo@eibnet.com
- Three Comments from Haitians on Rush Limbaugh denigrating Haitians
*****************************
HLLN URGENT ACTION APPEAL
Please join Ezili's Haitian Lawyers Leadership Network ( HLLN ) in holding Clear Channel Communications , Premiere Radio Networks , its advertisers , station carriers and Rush Limbaugh , ACCOUNTABLE for denigrating , defaming and undermining Haiti and its people by preying on prejudice , ignorance and racial hatred .
Demand for Limbaugh 's Clear Channel Radio Syndications to pull his show off the air , until Rush Limbaugh apologizes for his racially offensive and stereotypical statement about Haiti .
Articulating his hate in the form of a racist and sexual slur on the
impoverished and voiceless people of Haiti , Rush Limbaugh , on the air , on May 20 , 2009 , had this to say about Bill Clinton becoming a special envoy to Haiti :
LIMBAUGH : " I 'm just gonna tell you , if I was named envoy to Haiti [ laughing ]
I 'd quit government .
Envoy to Haiti ?
You can't even pick up a prostitute down there without genuine fear of AIDS . "
Source : Media Matters *
Mr. Limbaugh apparently believes he may be as openly racist and offensive on the public airwaves about Haiti as possible without being vulnerable to the opinion of decent Americans , the global community , and especially the targeted Haitian people he so wantonly disparages .
Contrary to Limbaugh 's racist fear - mongering , the " danger of AIDS is ever present in every city , every town and every hamlet on the face of the earth , and that of course includes American and European suburbia " not just in Haiti as Mr. Limbaugh 's would make it sound .
In fact , Haiti's HIV aids rate ( 2.2 % ) is lower than that of some US cities .
Ending AIDs is everyone 's load to bear .
( Go to : New HIV rate for D.C. women higher than in Haiti ; Washington D.C. , the " capital of one of the world 's wealthiest and most powerful countries has an HIV infection rate of at least 3 % " ; and see also , HIV / AIDS in Haiti and Latin America By Ce'sar Chelala , May 02 , 2009 , stating that - " About 190,000 Haitians , or 2.2 % of [ the nine million ] population , are suffering from HIV / AIDS , according to UNAIDS ... Currently , Argentina , Brazil , Colombia and Mexico have the largest epidemics in the region -- due in part to the fact that they simply have larger populations .
More than 40 % of all people who are living with HIV / AIDS in Latin America live in Brazil . "
Rush Limbaugh 's statements feed , and are perpetuating the racist and unfounded myth that Haitians are aids carriers .
For there 's a " genuine fear of aids " in all countries when one picks up a prostitute and indulges in sexual promiscuity , not just in Haiti .
There is no special Haitian genetic trait that makes AIDS more likely to be transmitted in Haiti than in Rush Limbaugh 's own hometown in the US .
Haiti's HIV / Aids fallout is from sex tourism in the 1970s and 1980s .
Limbaugh 's remarks are offensive , discriminatory , slanderous and racially biased .
Please join Ezili's HLLN in demanding that Limbaugh 's employer , Premiere Radio Networks , a wholly owned subsidiary of Clear Channel Communications ( http://www.clearchannel.com/) pulls the Rush Limbaugh show off the air , until Rush Limbaugh apologizes for his racially offensive statements about Haiti 's people .
Demand that Limbaugh must apologize or get off the air .
Demand accountability and that Clear Channel Communications addresses Rush Limbaugh 's racial stereotyping , irresponsible language and hate - mongering before it hits the airwaves , defames and offends a whole nation .
Limbaugh 's show claims to be one of the most listened - to radio ( 12 to 3 pm ) programs .
It is syndicated over 600 radio stations nationwide by the Premiere Radio Networks , a wholly owned subsidiary of Clear Channel Communications ( http://www.clearchannel.com/).
Premiere Radio Networks is headed by Executive Charlie Rahilly .
File an on - line FCC complaint IMMEDIATELY against Rush Limbaugh and his radio employers for indecency , fear - mongering and race - baiting .
To file a complaint to the FCC about Rush Limbaugh 's INDECENT , racist anti-Haiti radio content , go to :
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The days of wine and roses may soon be coming to an end .
As Condé Nast continues to take a pounding , with ad pages off 30 percent to 40 percent in many titles , some industry observers are expecting that the perks doled out to the highest - ranking executives and chief editors among the most lavish in the industry may be the next to take the hit .
The Advance Publications empire has always been founded on two basic rocks , the glitzy magazine wing of Condé headed by Chairman S.I. Newhouse Jr. , and the newspaper side , headed by his brother , Donald Newhouse , the president of Advance .
But the patriarchs of the Newhouse media empire saw their fortune decline from $ 8 billion to $ 4 billion over the past year , according to Forbes , and the newspaper side , once a solid money minter , has been in turmoil .
None of this can be good news to the people inside 4 Times Square , home to Vanity Fair , Vogue , GQ and Glamour , and their boldface - named talent like Anna Wintour , David Remnick and Graydon Carter .
Many of the cutbacks so far , in head count and revenue , have seemed to be aimed at mid-level staffers .
For example , there is no hiring going on , there is no longer a tuition - reimbursement plan and the company is ceasing to fund its corporate pension plan adding no newcomers .
Still , there are plenty of perks at the top and these may be the next to go .
“ While competitors are walking and taking subways and taxis , Condé people are still taking town cars with a driver , ” said one source .
Top executives , publishers and editors also get personal cars that they keep at home , often valued as high as $ 100,000 .
“ Those things are culturally ingrained , ” said one ex-Nasty .
“ It ’s a fabric of the company .
I think they ’re worried if they took it away , nobody would work there . ”
Among the perks that have disappeared in recent months : being able to expense lunches at the desk .
But the higher ups still regularly dine at the Four Seasons and stay in five - star hotels in Paris and Milan .
And when Joanne Lipman flew to Davos , Switzerland for a high - level pow - wow , she flew first class on the way out and business class on the way home .
The cutbacks and drooping ad revenue have fomented fear and loathing in the ranks and also resentment .
Until the recent hard times , most top executives self - audited their expenses .
“ Nobody ever questioned them . ”
MIN ’s latest ad - page tallies show the ad picture is worsening for Condé , which is already believed to be doing worse than any other publisher in the recession as the luxury - goods marketers keep their checkbooks closed .
In the intervening weeks , CEO Chuck Townsend and the financial bean counters have made the rounds to most of the publishers and editors .
Some are being asked to cut the number of editorial pages , some are being asked to cut costs by a specific dollar amount and some are being asked to cut discretionary spending by 10 percent .
“ They seem to be making an attempt to cut the things that are extras , while not taking away things that would impact readers , ” said one insider .
Said one industry executive who once worked at Condé , “ The cuts you ’re seeing now at Condé Nast are only the tip of the iceberg . ”
[ digg - reddit - me ]
Seed Magazine has a great feature it describes as “ an experiment in scale ” which condenses “ 4.6 billion years of history into a minute . ”
Though they call it the evolution of life – there is no life for a significant portion of the video – so I ’m calling it the history of the earth .
It reminds me of the opening of The Story of Mankind , the first book to win the Newbery Award in 1922 , describing “ a single day of eternity ” :
High up in the North in the land called Svithjod , there stands a rock .
It is a hundred miles high and a hundred miles wide .
Once every thousand years a little bird comes to this rock to sharpen its beak .
When the rock has thus been worn away , then a single day of eternity will have gone by .
Of course , the concept of a measure of eternity is meaningless – but by attempting to measure it in such a way , we realize to some degree what the concept is .
Seed takes the opposite approach by condensing billions of years of history into 60 seconds .
Like Loading ...
Burning Man turned seventeen in 2002 , and everyone seemed to agree that this was a very good year .
In fact , it may have been the best year yet .
Ample springtime flooding smoothed the surface of the playa in 2002 and restored the burnished fractal crust of former years .
Warmer nighttime temperatures allowed participants to rove across the surface of this fossil seabed as if drifting on a Gulf Stream current , and our theme , The Floating World , did much to further this impression .
The prospect of imaginary seas produced a record catch of art works in 2002 .
Not only did we place more installations on the playa than in previous years , but participants created many more art cars in forms as varied as submersibles , a full - scale sperm whale , and , perhaps most startling in its amazing improbability , a perfect copy of a 17th - century Spanish galleon .
The sheer abundance of such projects leant a sense of mise en scené to the event , a charm made all the more evocative by the knowledge that so many people had independently joined together in creating it .
Nor does evidence of participation end with the wonderful art .
In 2002 , our citizens continued to demonstrate a refined civic spirit .
The official BLM inspection of our event site , for example , yielded a total 3 square feet of MOOP ( matter out of place ) when spread out upon a flat surface .
This meager collection was the result of completion of three full transects of our space , and should be compared to the allowed standard of 5 square feet per single transect .
This evidence of stewardship set a record , and this could not have been achieved without the conscientious help of our participants .
Finally , one last record must be mentioned .
On the final day of our event , when we computed the number of people who had passed through our gates , we discovered that 29,085 participants had become citizens of our temporary city .
That peak population was reached on Saturday afternoon .
More art , good weather , and a larger population are only the most apparent aspects of the growth of Burning Man .
Behind the scenes and beyond the borders of Black Rock City , a much more significant story of growth will be told in this report .
In 2002 , our regional contact program rapidly expanded .
As of this writing , nearly 70 regional representatives have been qualified .
Our efforts are now focused on developing this network into a nationwide organization .
As part of this new mission , a group of Burning Man organizers traveled to New York City in April 2002 to visit our fastest growing regional center .
At Cooper Union , Larry Harvey delivered an address entitled Viva Las Xmas .
In it he explained , “ We ’ve only made our city as large and civic as it is in order to create a sufficiently persuasive model .
I want it to feel like a complete model of civilization so that people can go back home with the confidence that they can change the world  that they do n’t have to be defined by the context that surrounds them  that they can define their world by the vision that ’s within them [ and ] share this vision with other people . ”
This quote expresses our intention to apply the values learned at Burning Man to the much wider world of daily life .
In the coming year , we plan to provide our regional contacts with many new tools and resources , such as a “ Film Festival in a Box ” and a series of extranet - based communication tools , that will help participants create interactive projects in their local communities .
One consequence of our expanding mission in 2002 was a need for more office space .
We had begun to outgrow our home of two years : two small units in an office court located near Hunters Point in San Francisco .
The rampant speculation that fueled the dotcom boom in San Francisco in the 1990s disappeared last year and this change also emptied many buildings .
As a result , commercial rental rates began to plunge .
This spring we took advantage of this opportunity and began a search for a new home .
Like tiny mammals prowling through the bones of dinosaurs , we inspected many different types of spaces .
( We even stopped along the way to explore a firehouse complete with a brass pole ! )
Finally , at what seemed the last minute , we discovered what we had been looking for .
Our new office occupies 10,000 square feet , twice the space of our former location , and even better , it rents for exactly the same price .
We now have the capacity to hold large meetings , a feature that ’s essential to any volunteer - based organization .
More importantly , we really love this place .
It is filled with art , light streams in from skylights and from three sides of our building .
It is dominated by a large open area at its center .
Furnished with couches , plants , and sculptures , this central court is now a crossroads for our staff and our community .
During the first months of this year , we have also begun to plan many improvements to Black Rock Station , our 200 - acre property in Nevada , this is the staging area for our event .
In order to comply with county regulations , we have adopted a long - term plan that will satisfy requirements of four Washoe County special use permits .
This project will allow us to realize a long cherished goal .
In the near future , we hope to offer artists and theme camps secure , fee - based dry storage near our event site .
This will allow participants to build each year on what they ’ve built before .
Last year ’s AfterBurn report was the first of its kind , and it met with a very enthusiastic response from participants .
Many frequently heard questions were addressed .
Who is the mysterious LLC ?
How is Burning Man governed ?
How do volunteers participate during the event and throughout the year ?
What are our future plans ?
What is our income , and what do we do with it ?
This report will update our replies to many of these questions , and we intend to make the AfterBurn report an annual project .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : RESTng 0.1 + RedHandlers 0.1 ( request handlers ) + YuiGrids 0.1 ( yahoo grids )
I 'd like to announce the release of 3 new packages in hackage developed for a RESTful web framework called RESTng .
They are experimental , the framework is incomplete and we are currently not actively developing it .
There are several interesting features so we have decided to release them to share the ideas .
* RESTng :* A framework for writing RESTful applications .
Features that may be of interest are : * Resource presentation with annotations ( implemented with Grids ) : Resources are annotated with related data and all ends in boxes using grids .
i.e. , an annotation for a book resource could be its author ( the author resource ) , and also their comments , so the book , the author and their comments are shown in boxes .
Annotations can have arbitrary data , but there are some generic ones already available .
* Hierarchical URLs are automatically handled .
i.e. : Can easily define that a book resource " has many " chapters , then these actions are defined : GET http://site/book/3/chapter/1
( get the chapter 1 of book with id 3 ) GET http://site/book/3/chapter/new
( get a form for filling data for the new chapter for book with id 3 ) POST http://site/book/3/chapter/new
( create a new chapter for the book with id 3 ) and so on for updates , list and delete actions * ORM generates tables from haskell records ( currently only PostgreSQL is supported in the ORM ) .
* Associations " has many " defined for models .
Making available functions to query for the parent and children so you do n't have to make the SQL query .
* Associations can be polymorphic so a comment can be associated to different resources types .
A record for a comment on a book , another for a comment on a post .
* Tags , Ratings , Comments , Users and login and CMS - like form fields validations supported .
* YuiGrids :* * Containers and boxes with layout hints are specified .
i.e : - Box A : in left side bar , near the bottom , with this content .... - Container B : in the main part of the page , near the top , with 3 columns and these let 's say 14 boxes inside ... ( including Box C ) -
Box C : in the left column of three , with this other content ... * Tries to satisfy the layout hints .
Not allways possible , i.e : if every box has layout hint to go near the bottom , some of them will go at the top .
* Boxes can have CSS specifications .
*
All is rendered into Yahoo grids ( http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/grids).
Currently , the YuiGrids uses own contextual html combinators are also implemented in this package ( called CxML here ) instead of Text .
XHtml for keeping track of html parts like inline CSSs to be rendered at the head .
This can be improved to use the standard Text .
XHtml library .
* RedHandlers :*
It is another HTTP request handlers library to build standalone web apps .
*
They deal with request data as usual .
*
There are also combinators for mapping part of the URL to public folders in the file system .
*
And one for sending files efficiently in the response ( a fork of the HTTP library was necessary for this , included here ) .
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20090515/4e062cc9/attachment.html
GNOME 2.27.x/2.29.x Development Series
GNOME 2.27.x is an unstable development series intended for testing and hacking purposes .
GNOME uses odd minor version numbers to indicate development status , so this unstable 2.27.x series will eventually become the official 2.28 stable release .
There are many ways you can get involved .
Plans for this release are documented on the RoadMap page .
These plans do not necessarily cover every module and every feature that will be worked on , nor are they guaranteed to arrive in time .
Maintainers , please keep the RoadMap page up to date where you can .
When we are near feature - freeze , please mention the new features for the / ReleaseNotes .
Important information for module maintainers :
Release Suites
Schedule
An iCal file is available at http://www.gnome.org/start/unstable/schedule.ics
Comments / Discussion :
UNITED NATIONS / SEOUL ( Reuters ) - Russia called on other leading powers on Monday to stay focused on nuclear talks with North Korea as Washington pushed for a strong response from a divided U.N. Security Council to Pyongyang ’s rocket launch .
Analysts said Sunday ’s launch of the rocket , which soared over Japan during its 2,000 - mile flight , effectively was a test of a ballistic missile designed to carry a warhead as far as the U.S. state of Alaska .
The U.S. military and South Korea said no part of the Taepodong - 2 rocket entered orbit , despite Pyongyang ’s claim it carried a satellite now transmitting data and revolutionary music as it circled the Earth .
Analysts said an emboldened North Korea would use the first successful launch of the Taepodong - 2 to extract concessions for showing up at future six - party talks on ending its nuclear program .
It also could seek to water down obligations it signed onto under previous negotiations .
The five permanent members of the Security Council -- the United States , Britain , France , China and Russia -- plus Japan met at U.N. headquarters to explore a possible compromise on a response to the launch .
They reached no agreement and scheduled another meeting for Tuesday , envoys said .
“ We have no convergence of view at this stage , ” said Japanese Ambassador Yukio Takasu .
“ It ’s a stalemate , ” said another diplomat close to the negotiations .
“ It ’s basically a fight over the form -- whether to warn or whether to punish . ”
The Security Council had held an emergency session on Sunday but the 15 members agreed only to further discussions .
“ The core element in this situation is the six - party talks , ” Russian U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said .
“ The key thing is to make sure that we do not confine ourselves to an emotional knee - jerk reaction because what we do need is a common strategy and not losing sight of the goal -- and this is the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . ”
The long - running talks among the two Koreas , China , Japan , Russia and the United States have been stalled since December .
As regional powers weighed the extent of the new security threat , South Korean and Japanese financial markets shrugged off the rocket launch by the reclusive communist state .
‘ STRONG LANGUAGE ’
Diplomats said China and Russia probably would accept a Security Council warning to Pyongyang urging it to comply with U.N. resolutions and return to the six - party talks but they opposed a binding resolution intended to punish North Korea .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the council had to be the starting point .
“ We know that working out the language is not easily done overnight , ” she said , “ but we remain convinced that coming out with a strong position in the United Nations is the first and important step that we intend to take . ”
“ North Korea has to know that any efforts to obtain the objectives it set forth as desiring in the six - party talks are put at jeopardy , ” Clinton told reporters .
Washington would like a resolution that would expand existing financial restrictions on Pyongyang .
But diplomats said it might have to settle for a nonbinding statement .
Slideshow ( 24 images )
Russia and China have made clear they would veto any attempt at new sanctions .
Beijing , the nearest North Korea has to a major ally , has said any reaction must be “ cautious and proportionate . ”
Three other countries on the council support the Russian and Chinese view , diplomats said .
The United States , Japan and South Korea say the launch violated Security Council resolutions banning the firing of ballistic missiles by Pyongyang , imposed after a nuclear test and other missile exercises in 2006 .
The U.S. military could need days to analyze the launch but a top official said it had failed to demonstrate the technology for a successful intercontinental ballistic missile flight .
“ The technology they were seeking ... was the ability to stage , in other words , transition from one stage of boost to the next .
They failed , ” Marine Corps General James Cartwright , vice chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , told a Pentagon press briefing .
Slideshow ( 24 images )
Jane ’s Defense Weekly also described the launch as a failure but said the mission could provide valuable data for Pyongyang ’s satellite and ballistic missile programs .
“ With this capability , North Korea is equipped with the infrastructure to play the nuclear game and raise the stakes in the six - way talks , ” said Kim Tae - woo , a nuclear and weapons expert at the Korea Institute for Defense Analysis .
“ As a result , more will have to be given to persuade North Korea to give up its nuclear program . ”
BOOST FOR KIM
Chosun Ilbo , South Korea ’s biggest daily , quoted government sources as saying the rocket flew 2,000 miles , which would put the U.S. territory of Guam nearly in reach .
The newspaper said the distance was double the range of an earlier version , the Taepodong - 1 , fired over Japan in 1998 .
In the only previous test flight of the Taepodong - 2 , in July 2006 , the rocket blew apart 40 seconds after launch .
The rocket is designed to fly an estimated 4,200 miles .
In Japan , the launch has sparked calls to consider a pre-emptive strike capability but such a plan could undermine regional stability and attract only lukewarm voter support .
South Koreans , accustomed to unpredictable behavior by their far poorer neighbor , were largely unfazed .
But in a poll in the Yomiuri newspaper , 88 percent of Japanese said they were uneasy about North Korea ’s missile development .
Analysts said the launch would bolster the authority of North Korean leader Kim Jong - il after a suspected stroke in August raised doubts about his grip on power in a country that has a “ military first ” doctrine .
For Washington , a successful satellite launch would have put half the continental United States in North Korean rocket range , arms control experts said .
North Korea is believed to have enough fissile material for several nuclear bombs .
But many experts believe it lacks the technology to miniaturize a nuclear device for a warhead .
Eight Books You Should n’t Travel Without
Lists : Build bigger back muscles !
Get more out of every trip !
Quasi -Luddite Frank Bures explains .
iStockPhoto iStockPhoto
It happens every time : Within a few hours of buying plane tickets , I find myself standing in front of my bookshelves , fantasizing , calculating and trying to decide exactly which books I ’m going to bring on my trip .
Inevitably , I end up with a tower of titles that would be tough for Robinson Crusoe to plow through .
“ War and Peace ” ?
Sure !
“ Infinite Jest ” ?
No problem !
“ Don Quixote ” ?
Should be able to knock that one off .
Somehow , I forget that I actually have to do something when I get where I ’m going , that the plane ride will end , and that I wo n’t have time to read everything I ’ve always wanted to read .
It ’s a fantasy , a dream that I am escaping the life where I never make it through my to - read pile .
And it ’s a fantasy partly fueled by a love of that space Jonathan Franzen called “ enforced transition zones ” where the outside world is cut off and you have no choice but to read .
Eventually , though , reality sets in , and I put several pounds of books back onto my shelves .
I know from years of coming back with too many books unopened , half - read or discarded along the way that I can’t bring everything I want .
And being a low - tech , quasi - Luddite traveler , I view the Kindle as being one more gadget to break or lose or have stolen .
( Besides , bringing a digitized Library of Congress is not the point .
Bringing some books to really read is . )
So I ’ve developed a system for weeding out wishes from needs .
For those of you like me who ca n’t quite choose which books to bring and which to leave behind — and who have no hope of ever traveling light — consider my list of the eight kinds of books I either bring along on my trip , or buy along the way .
Book 1 : Escape
I ’m not a huge fan of escapist literature , but when you are overwhelmed by foreignness , the experience can be pure bliss and sometimes can save your sanity .
I tend to lean toward science fiction , because the created worlds lend themselves to getting lost .
When I landed in Tanzania as a young teacher , I burned through Dune .
I did the same with Snow Crash while I was living in Southern Thailand .
A good mystery like The Name of the Rose or Motherless Brooklyn can work just as well .
Book 2 : History
You should , I believe , know whereof you travel .
And while I ’m not saying you should haul along a giant history tome , I think something that gives you the backstory to the place you ’re traveling to is essential .
This could be combined with Book 3 , or it could be a historical novel .
Or it could be a local history book you pick up when you get there .
( I usually make a beeline for the local bookstore wherever I land . )
Book 3 : Guidebook
A necessity .
Which brand you pick depends on your taste , and some guidebooks are better for certain areas .
I tend to like Bradt Guides ( to places you actually need them like Congo , Nigeria and Turkmenistan ) , though I also enjoy Lonely Planet and Rough Guides .
I do n’t think the internet or mobile devices will replace these , because when the power goes out , when you drop your bag , when you ’re standing at a bus stop in the middle of nowhere , the book in your hand will always be superior .
Just remember , it is a guidebook , not a Guide Bible .
Book 4 : Local Lit
I always like to try to read some local literature , whether it ’s by a writer who moved away and now resides in some American creative writing program or who never left their home country .
The stories people tell about themselves are invaluable to expanding your view of a place .
You may want to get this book when you arrive .
Book 5 : Anthology / Short Stories
Sometimes , you do n’t quite know what you ’ll be in the mood for , and a good anthology can be the perfect answer to this conundrum .
I particularly recommend an anthology if you are going to be away for a long time , be it short stories , like The Art of the Story , or nonfiction like the New Kings of Nonfiction , or Esquire ’s Big Book of Great Writing , or some mix , like the Paris Review Book for Planes , Trains , Elevators and Waiting Rooms .
Otherwise one of the greatest poetry anthologies is Czeslaw Milosz ’s A Book of Luminous Things .
Book 6 : Phrase Book / Dictionary
I ’m a huge fan of making a fool of myself trying to speak the local language .
It ’s not so much about functionality as respect , or just acknowledging you are a guest in someone else ’s country .
This may not be appreciated in major tourism centers , but the farther off the path you get , the more it will be .
Fortunately , these books are often small .
I ’ve found Lonely Planet phrase books to be more useful than Berlitz , but this can vary from language to language .
Book 7 : Nostalgia
There is no force on Earth more powerful than nostalgia , and if you are going to be away for a long time , I think you should treat yourself to something that plays into a little homesickness , something that brings home to wherever you find yourself , something like Population 485 , or if you want something a little more syllabus - ish , take a classic like Tom Sawyer , or To Kill a Mockingbird .
Book 8 : Travel Writing
This is mainly a category for writers , but I think it ’s crucial to bring along some great travel writing or narrative nonfiction to remind yourself to be on the job .
Better still if you can find something about the place you are going written by a knowledgeable and sympathetic outsider .
Also , the Granta travel writing antholgies or “ The Best American Travel Writing ” series are good .
And you ca n’t lose with some Bill Bryson or Tim Cahill to lighten the mood .
I ’d also recommend a relatively unknown book called The Caliph ’s House by Tahir Shah .
Think you can keep it at eight ?
You think these categories are bogus ?
Others I missed ?
Post a comment .
CANNABIS CULTURE – Despite what some critics might call a long history of ‘ Just Saying No ! ’ to discussing the drug war in honest and rational terms , CNN seems to be showing symptoms of marijuana addiction .
Over the past few weeks , America ’s Cable News Network has n’t been able to keep pot off its lips , incessantly discussing legalization , the failed drug war in Mexico , hemp laws , and medical marijuana .
CNN hosts have brought on pot-friendly guests , including Jeffrey Miron , Harvard professor and author of Drug War Crimes , and Terry Nelson of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , who both advocate legalizing marijuana .
Just this week , the network has sparked discussions of pot at least four times .
On Tuesday ’s American Morning , host Kiran Chetry discussed “ America ’s insatiable appetite for drugs ” showing a CNN poll where 90 % of respondends voted yes to legalizing pot .
Later on the program , she quoted a 2007 statistic showing that “ an American was arrested every 38 seconds for violating marinjuana laws , ” and talked about the increasingly violent drug war in Mexico .
Then she brought on Congressman and legalization advocate Ron Paul , whose recently co-sponsored a bill to legalize industrial hemp .
Paul has been on numerous times in recent weeks .
Then on Wednesday , Chetry again addressed the subject in her continuing ‘ Drug Nation ’ segment , speaking to a marijuana user about legaliziation .
But the networks chronic obsession does n’t stop there .
Many CNN staffers are getting in on the sessions , from newbie D.L. Hugley to oldies Larry King and Jack Cafferty .
Other networks have also loosened up lately , like CNBC , which hosted lively discussions with prohibiton - reform activists , and ABC ’s Al Roker highlighted the billion - dollar pot industry in “ Marijuana Inc. , ” but none as weed - welcoming as CNN .
Though America ’s new leadership seems to be addicted to the same old hard - on - crime policies , it seems that one of the giants of Amercian mainstream media may be moving on to something softer .
The making of THE FLYING TIDINGS WHIRLED , a permanent commission for MGM Springfield .
RECENT PROJECTS
“ Zu schön , um wahr zu sein ” , sagt der Volksmund .
“ Zu schön , um nicht wahr zu sein ” , sagt der Journalist — und verzichtet gerade bei den unwahrscheinlichen Geschichten gerne auf Skepsis und Recherche .
Diese Geschichte , die man u.a. bei “ Focus Online ” findet , ist angesichts des gegenwärtigen Hypes um Online - Angebote wie Facebook oder Twitter aus Sicht der Journalisten eine schöne Geschichte :
Vor allem junge Menschen sollen durch zu viel Kommunikation über Portale wie Twitter oder Facebook auf die Dauer Schaden nehmen , wie nun Gehirnforscher der University of Southern California herausgefunden haben .
Um körperlichen Schmerz anderer zu erkennen , benötigt das menschliche Gehirn nur Sekundenbruchteile .
Doch um soziale Gefühle wie Mitleid oder Bewunderung zu entwickeln , ist wesentlich mehr Zeit notwendig , wie das britische Portal “ Mail Online ” die Erkenntnisse der Wissenschaftler zitiert .
Da das Gehirn von Jugendlichen noch nicht voll ausgebildet ist , könnte zu viel “ Twittern ” die Entwicklung beeinflussen . (… )
Die Kommunikation über das World Wide Web laufe zu schnell für den “ moralischen Kompass ” des Gehirns ab , so dass Jugendliche mit der Zeit dem Leid anderer gegenüber gleichgültig würden .
Behaupten Wissenschaftler .
Behauptet “ Mail Online ” .
Behauptet “ Focus Online ” .
Nun ist “ Mail Online ” die Internet - Ausgabe der “ Daily Mail ” , einer der unseriösesten Zeitungen Großbritanniens , was “ Medical Press ” , den Gesundheitsdienst der Nachrichtenagentur Global Press nicht daran hinderte , ihre Meldung ungeprüft zu übernehmen und zu verbreiten — ebenso wie viele , viele , viele , viele , viele andere deutschsprachige und internationale Medien .
Der britische Arzt , Medienkritiker und “ Guardian ” - Kolumnist Ben Goldacre hingegen hatte die originelle Idee , die Meldung mittels etwas , das man früher “ Recherche ” nannte , zu überprüfen .
Er besorgte sich die Studie , auf die sich die “ Daily Mail ” bezieht und stellte fest , dass sie zwar herausfand , dass das menschliche Gehirn länger braucht , um auf emotionalen Schmerz zu reagieren als auf körperlichen Schmerz — von Twitter , Facebook oder irgendwelchen anderen Internet - Angeboten darin aber keine Rede war .
Goldacre fragte sicherheitshalber bei einem der Autoren der Studie nach , und Professor Antonio Damasio antwortete ihm :
“ Wir haben keine irgendwie geartete Verbindung zu Twitter hergestellt .
(…)
In unserer Untersuchung werden weder Twitter noch irgendein soziales Netzwerk erwähnt .
Wir haben nicht über sie zu berichten .
(…)
Die Verbindung zu Twitter und anderen sozialen Netzwerken ergibt , soweit ich es überblicken kann , keinen Sinn . ”
Und wie kommt dann der Online - Auftritt der vermeintlich seriösen Schweizer Zeitung “ Tagesanzeiger ” zu einem Zitat , in dem Mary Helen Immordino - Yang , eine der Autorinnen der Studie , Facebook und Twitter ausdrücklich erwähnt ?
Ganz einfach : Der Autor hat die Wörter “ Facebook ” und “ Twitter ” und überhaupt den Zusammenhang zu Online - Angeboten offenbar nachträglich in ein wörtliches Zitat der Wissenschaftlerin aus der Pressemitteilung der Universität eingefügt :
Pressemitteilung tagesanzeiger.ch
“ If things are happening too fast , you may not ever fully experience emotions about other people ’s psychological states and that would have implications for your morality , ” Immordino - Yang said .
“ Wenn rund um die Uhr Nachrichten über Twitter und Facebook einprasseln , kann man sich nicht voll auf die Gefühle anderer Menschen konzentrieren , und das wirkt sich negativ auf die Moral aus ” , fasst die Forscherin Mary Helen Immordino - Yang von der Universität Süd-Kalifornien die Forschungsergebnisse zusammen .
Nachtrag , 21 .
April .
“ Focus Online ” hat seinen Artikel um einen Nachtrag ergänzt und benutzt darin als originellen Euphemismus für “ falsch ” den Ausdruck “ in die Kritik geraten ” .
Beim Online - Angebot des “ Tagesanzeiger ” wurden die Wörter “ über Twitter und Facebook ” aus dem wörtlichen Zitat entfernt , der ganze andere Unsinn aber stehen gelassen .
Auf E - Mail - Anfragen von BILDblog haben weder Autor Reto Knobel noch Redaktionsleiter Peter Wälty geantwortet .
free food and resistance to empire since 2005
EDIT : Added clarifications , modifed the wording a bit , and linked to the source ( see bottom of post ) .
Cleaning up the SSE work , making it useful and using it in something interesting would take too much time given my current situation .
SSE intrinsics , part 2 , will have to wait .
However , there 's always time for a couple experiments induced by reading papers .
d- left hashing seems to have gotten some attention in the last couple years .
Unfortunately , I have a hard time mapping from the papers to real - world performance .
The idea behind d- left hashing is simple .
Insertions work as follows :
Split our hash table in d equal sections ( typically two , the left and the right halves ) , and order the sections from left to right arbitrarily .
Associate d independent hash values to the key , h_1 , h_2 , ... h_d .
Use the d hash values to find a bucket in each section of the hash table , and put the key - value pair in the least loaded bucket ; break ties not randomly , but by taking the bucket in the leftmost section ( as per the arbitrary ordering established in 1 . ) .
The procedure for lookups is easily derived from the above .
Surprisingly , breaking ties unfairly behaves slightly better than random tie - breaking .
Mitzenmacher 's , Richa 's and Sitaraman 's The Power of Two Random Choices : A Survey of Techniques and Results covers the topic fairly extensively .
Having a choice in which bucket to use gives a substantial ( theoretic ) advantage over having a single hash function ( d = 1 ) .
Assuming ideal hash functions , we expect the greatest number of elements in the buckets of a regular bucketed hash table with n buckets in which we insert n elements to be around log n/log log n ; for d > 1 , that 's log log n/log d + Thet a ( 1 ) .
Clearly , setting d to 2 yields a great improvement over d = 1 , and d > 2 only shaves a constant factor .
I do n't doubt the theory , but " approximately " and " Theta ( 1 ) " are n't negligible for hash tables , where we 're pretty much always fighting for better constant factors regarding space usage .
Luckily , this idealised ball and bin setting is easily to simulate ( the hash functions are just PRNGs here and in the sequel ) .
I ran numerical experiments with n = 2^4 , 2^5 , ... 2^20 , each time with 1000 repetition ( I 'll use the same number of independent repetitions throughout the post ) .
The distribution of bucket sizes is fairly constant over the range , so I 'll only show the results for n = 2^20 .
Size 1 - left ( % ) 2 - left ( % ) 0 36.8 22.8 1 36.8 54.8 2 18.4 21.9 3 6.1 0.4 4 1.5 0.0 5 0.3 0 6 0.1 0 ... ... 12 0.0 0 13 0 0
The theoretical results predict a maximal size of 5 ~6 for 1 - left and 3 ~ 4 for 2 - left , which is pretty close to what we observe here .
Unfortunately , I do n't find that result satisfying : how will the buckets be implemented ?
If they 're preallocated , we can only tell that the buckets would have to all be 3 - entry deep ( assuming a short overflow list to supplement the 6e - 6 % buckets with more than 3 entries ) for all 2^20 entries to fit .
That uses 3 times as much space as the actual data !
Buckets implemented as linked lists or allocated adaptively might use less space , but , again , the constant factors are extremely important , since we expect to have relatively shallow buckets ; the additional pointers might outweigh most or all the space savings .
The results above are a good hint that 2 - left hashing will perform much better than regular buckets , but otherwise do n't seem particularly telling .
I found it interesting to compare the space efficiency of 2 - left hash tables to that of a regular , even naive , hash table with linear open addressing .
Again , the experiments fills 2^20 bins with 2^20 balls ( the hash functions are again PRNGs ) , so the load is the inverse of the space usage .
However , each bin can only contain up to 1 ball ; when full , we try to put the ball in the next bin , up to a certain probe length limit ( so we examine at most a small fixed number of bins ) .
We wo n't be able to place all the balls ( without a lot of luck , anyway ) , but it 'll be interesting to see how much of the 2^20 balls will fit .
I tried that with a maximal probe length of 16 , and another one with again a maximal probe length of 16 , but also an overflow list of at most 8 entries .
The overflow list is used to host a small number of entries that exceed the probe length limit ( or bucket size ) instead of aborting immediately .
Since very few entries hit the limit , a short list is often enough to substantially increase the expected load .
Open Open + Overflow Load ( %) Freq. ( % ) Freq . ( % ) 18 0 0 19 0.10 0 20 0.20 0 21 0.31 0 22 0.31 0 23 0.20 0 24 0.82 0 25 1.33 0 26 2.34 0 27 3.37 0 28 3.88 0 29 8.17 0 30 8.99 0 31 11.34 0 32 12.77 0 33 13.89 0 34 13.59 0.10 35 10.83 0.31 36 5.82 2.65 37 1.63 8.56 38 0.10 21.71 39 0 35.07 40 0 24.57 41 0 6.93 42 0 0.10 43 0 0
With linear open addressing , we can already expect to have approximately the same space overhead as 2 - left tables with preallocated buckets if we wanted to guarantee that all 2^20 entries fit .
The small overflow list has two effects : the worst case is greatly improved , and the mode ( and average ) is also considerably better .
The expected space overhead is now even lower , probably close to what 2 - left with buckets as linked lists would achieve !
However , probing 16 cells might be a bit slow .
Looking at the experiment 's results show that most probes are very short ( although this does n't tell us much about lookups of missing keys ) , so it 's not that bad .
For the open addressing table with overflow list , we have :
Probe length Frequency ( % ) 1 80.55 2 12.77 3 3.84 4 1.49 5 0.66 6 0.32 7 0.16 8 0.09 9 0.05 10 0.03 11 0.02 12 0.01 13 0.01 14 0.00 15 0.00 16 0.00
Still , as a comparison point , 2 - left hashing with 1/4 * 2^20 4 - deep buckets and an 8 - entry overflow list achieves much better loads ( regular preallocated buckets are almost pitiful ) .
Unlike the theoretical setting , buckets have a bounded size ( at most 4 ) , so the table uses 2^20 cells (+ the overflow list ) .
The amount of space allocated is much more interesting , but it also means that it will take much fewer than 2^20 balls to have enough collisions to fill the overflow list .
Note that for the sequel , I 'll always use the same space budget : 2^20+8 key - value cells , whether they 're arranged in buckets or not .
Load is always computed as the fraction of 2^20 balls that could be placed before hitting the probe length or bucket size limits 8 times ( enough to fill the overflow list ) .
All the statistics are aggregated from 1000 independent runs .
2-left , 4 - buckets , 8-overflow Load ( %) Frequency ( % ) 54 0 55 1.31 56 14.76 57 49.75 58 32.46 59 1.72 60 0
Bucket utilisation is also pretty good :
Bucket size Frequency ( % ) 0 1.90 1 13.39 2 42.50 3 38.38 4 3.83
2 - left hashing is clearly very interesting , even with preallocated buckets ; that 's much more obvious here than with the previous unbounded bucket experiment .
Can we do better ?
Having the choice of which table to use can clearly be very effective .
A similar trick can be used on linear open addressing tables : split in two sub-tables , probe both sub-tables and stop as soon as one of them has an empty slot ( again , breaking ties unfairly ) .
I simulated such a scheme with 2 sub - tables of 1/2 * 2^20 cells , an 8 - element overflow list , and maximal probe lengths of 8 and 16 .
Probe : 8 Load ( %) Freq . ( % ) 52 0 53 0.51 54 4.18 55 18.33 56 34.83 57 31.16 58 10.29 59 0.71 60 0
Probe : 16 Load ( %) Freq . ( %) 68 0 69 0.10 70 4.76 71 25.63 72 47.11 73 21.38 74 1.01 75 0
With a maximal probe length of 8 , the 2 - open addressing table already hits an expected load similar to that of 2 - left table .
When the maximal length is pushed to 16 , load is much better , and , again , successful probes usually are n't very long : 98.9 % of probes are of length at most 4 ( in both tables , meaning that at most 8 bins are examined ) .
Allowing probes ( of length greater than 1 ) has the advantage of letting buckets overflow into adjacent ones , so that lightly loaded buckets are better exploited in the rare cases when one overflows .
Deeper buckets , on the other hand , avoid the clustering issues of linear open addressing ; they 're also slightly more cache - friendly .
When data is moved into cache , it 's loaded a whole cache line at a time .
Linear addressing can exploit caches nicely since it will probe consecutive addresses .
However , there 's no guarantee that the probe will start at the beginning of the cache line .
If we take care to align buckets cache lines will be used more efficiently .
Why not do both ?
Once we 've settled on using multiple tables , short probes and small preallocated buckets do n't really make the code more complex .
For a first attempt , I simulated hash tables with 2 sub - tables , 4 - deep buckets , up to 2 , 3 or 4 - long probes and an overflow list of at most 8 entries .
So , an insertion will compute two hash values to decide where to start probing , and insert in the least loaded bucket ( breaking ties as usual ) , continuing to the next bucket in each table if both are empty .
Load is pretty good , better than 2 - left hashing :
2-probes Load ( %) Freq . ( % ) 66 0 67 0.91 68 17.00 69 51.11 70 30.77 71 0.20 72 0
3 - probes Load ( %) Freq . ( % ) 72 0 73 0.20 74 10.82 75 53.79 76 34.78 77 0.40 78 0
4-probes Load ( %) Freq . ( % ) 76 0 77 0.10 78 11.36 79 62.27 80 26.17 81 0.10 82 0
The 2 - table with 3 - long probes and 4 - deep buckets already performs better than the 2 - open table with 16 - long probes while examining fewer elements in the worst case .
Longer probes on shallower buckets are n't really an improvement ; deeper buckets , on the other hand , are .
With 8 - deep buckets ( but still the same space budget ) and no open addressing , we hit a load factor of ~ 78 % ( 85 % with probes of length up to 2 ) , and 90 % for 16 - deep buckets ( open addressing is n't that effective anymore ) .
The problem with deeper buckets is that they take more time to search ( since they 're usually nearly full ) , while the vast majority of probes are of length 1 (> 99 % for the last three parameter sets ) .
Let 's also keep in mind that we have to execute the search on two sub-tables ; searching among 16 elements twice adds up to a substantial amount of work .
I 've listed many possibilities .
The following table recapitulates the modal load factor for all the simulations above .
Keep in mind that the inverse , the space usage , is actually more relevant in practice .
As load values get closer to 1 , the difference in space overhead becomes smaller , so the 6 % difference between open ( 16 ) without overflow and open ( 16 ) is much more important than the 5 % difference between 2 - combo ( 8,2 ) and 2 - left ( 16 ) .
Implementation Modal load ( % ) open ( 16 ) w/o OF 33 no overflow list open ( 16 ) 39 16 - probe at most 2 - left ( 4 ) 57 4 - buckets 2 -open (8 ) 56 2 x 8 - probe at most 2 - open ( 16 ) 72 2 - combo( 4,2 ) 69 2 - left , 4 - buckets , 2 - probes 2 - combo( 4,3 ) 75 2 - combo( 4,4 ) 79 2 - left (8 ) 78 2 -combo( 8,2 ) 85 2 - left ( 16 ) 90
Implementation - wise , 4 - deep buckets are particularly interesting because four 32 - bit values ( e.g. keys or hash values ) are exactly the size of an SSE register and can easily be searched in a single SSE instruction .
16 - deep buckets , on the other hand , usually fill cache lines ( often 64 bytes ) exactly .
8 - deep buckets still exploit cache lines fairly well , without being too long to search in the common case .
Moreover , if we modify 2 - combo ( 8 , 2 ) so that probes always stay in the same 64 bytes segment ( probe bucket i , then i xor 1 ) , the load factor is n't affected ( in simulations ) , but cache lines are used as well as with 16 - deep buckets .
That 's a nice bunch of interesting structures to implement and test .
I 'll try and come back to the topic with real timings in a couple posts .
Unorganised source code for the simulations may be found at http://discontinuity.info/~pkhuong/hashing-simulation.lisp.
Some random thoughts and ( vaguely ) interesting things I see or do .
