Preston rapist ' thought girl was 16 ' Published duration 27 July 2010
A teenager who admitted raping a 12 - year - old girl he met on Facebook got a suspended jail term after a judge heard the victim lied about her age .
Junaid Bhuta , 19 , from Frenchwood , Preston , contacted the girl through a friend 's request on the website in April 2009 .
Manchester 's Minshull Street Crown Court heard that the girl said she was 16 and the pair met and had sex .
Bhuta admitted statutory rape and received a suspended six - month term .
Bhuta , who wants to go to university to study law , was sentenced to six months imprisonment , suspended for 18 months , and ordered to sign the sex offenders register for seven years .
He pleaded guilty to statutory rape of a girl under 13 on 6 March at a park in Preston , on the basis that he believed she was 16 and had a " reasonable belief " that it was her true age .
The court heard that the girl put on her Facebook profile that she was leaving school this year to support her claim to be 16 , but Judge Timothy Mort , passing sentence , said the defendant should have made more inquiries .
He said : " It does n't seem to me to be fair to call you a predator or [ say that ] you groomed her .
" I think it is right to say she could pass for a 16 - year - old and was able to speak relatively maturely . "
Andrew Evans , prosecuting , told the court that after they had sex in the park , the pair went on a " date " to the cinema later the same day then Bhuta accompanied her for part of the journey home .
The court heard that the defendant bought her an adult train ticket home , which indicated he thought she was 16 .
' Deliberately misled '
The girl was late home and when she arrived , she confessed to her mother what had happened .
She told police she wanted to lose her virginity to her husband on her honeymoon , " not some damp , wooded area in the middle of a park with a person I met on Facebook " .
James Palfrey , defending , said : " This is a case which is particularly unique in its facts .
" He had been perhaps mischievously but deliberately misled , deceived by the complainant as to her age and actual identity .
Had the defendant known her real age , we simply would not be here today . "
Image caption Vince Cable is trying to find ways to reduce the cost of higher education
A graduate tax is to be proposed by the Business Secretary Vince Cable , in a keynote speech on the future funding of higher education .
This would mean students in England would repay the costs of going to university through taxation once they began working .
A review of tuition fees and student finance is due to report in the autumn .
Mr Cable , who has pledged to oppose raising fees , will suggest a graduate tax as an alternative system .
This would mean students ' fees being paid by the government to universities - and graduates would then pay a higher rate of taxation .
At present , the government lends students money to cover the cost of fees , with this loan paid back when students enter work , until the loan is paid off .
Under a graduate tax , the amount paid would depend upon earnings - compared with the current system in which a fixed amount is paid back .
Such a change could draw the political sting from the tuition fee debate - with Liberal Democrat MPs having personally signed pledges to oppose an increase in fees .
Private universities
Mr Cable , whose department is responsible for universities , is also set to suggest ways of cutting the costs of higher education to both taxpayers and students - such as promoting two - year degrees and more students living at home .
Image caption University students are waiting to hear how much courses will cost
Another proposal will be for more university courses to be franchised out - with universities accrediting courses which are taught by other institutions .
There will also be calls for a wider role for private providers in higher education - and there have been suggestions that private providers will want to expand into subjects such as teacher training and healthcare .
The speech from Mr Cable on Thursday will address the deepening pressures on the university system .
An unprecedented number of people are applying to university - and figures due on Friday will show that record numbers of well - qualified youngsters are going to miss out on places this year .
But spending limits from the government mean that universities are restricted in how much they can expand to meet the demand .
The previous government 's promise of an extra 20,000 places this year has been cut to 10,000 places .
Fewer students
Mr Cable is also expected to retreat from the previous government 's ambition of getting 50 % of young people into university .
But this would be against a trend in rising numbers .
There are already 51 % of young women going to university - and in Mr Cable 's Twickenham constituency , 52 % of the working - age population have a degree .
There are now parts of the country in which almost two in three young people go to university .
Universities have also been warning of a deepening funding problem - and some university groups have called for an increase in tuition fees above the current level of £ 3,225 .
There is an expectation that the subsidised repayment of loans for students ' living costs will also be increased to a more commercial level of interest .
University leaders have warned that they need extra funds to remain competitive in a global market - and there had been speculation that the limit for fees would be raised to £ 7,000 per year .
Malcolm Grant , provost of University College London , has suggested that protecting funding for research is a greater priority than recruiting more students .
However any increase in fees would add to the pressure on the taxpayer in the short term - with the government having to cover the up - front cost of any increase in fees .
As such , Mr Cable 's speech will look at ways to reduce the cost , in the form of shorter , flexible courses and more studying from home .
Regular Season Playoffs Season Team Lge GP G A Pts PIM GP G A Pts PIM 1997 - 98 Peterborough Petes OHL 39 1 1 2 45 4 0 0 0 2 1998 -99 Peterborough Petes OHL 54 2 13 15 59 5 0 0 0 6 1999-00 Peterborough Petes OHL 68 6 18 24 116 5 1 2 3 4 2000 -01 Peterborough Petes OHL 62 17 24 41 78 7 1 1 2 10 2001 -02 Chicago Wolves AHL 39 6 9 15 59 14 1 1 2 21 2001 -02 Peterborough Petes OHL 33 10 4 14 58 -- -- -- -- -- 2002-03 Chicago Wolves AHL 75 15 27 42 159 9 1 3 4 14 2002-03 Atlanta Thrashers NHL 2 0 0 0 0 -- -- -- -- -- 2003 -04 Chicago Wolves AHL 67 11 19 30 95 10 0 3 3 12 2003 -04 Atlanta Thrashers NHL 3 0 1 1 0 -- -- -- -- -- 2004-05 Cincinnati Mighty Ducks AHL 78 17 25 42 71 9 2 3 5 28 2005 -06 Houston Aeros AHL 19 4 11 15 32 -- -- -- -- -- 2005 -06 Minnesota Wild NHL 58 10 18 28 60 -- -- -- -- -- 2006-07 Minnesota Wild NHL 57 3 20 23 52 3 0 2 2 0 2007-08 Minnesota Wild NHL 56 7 12 19 37 -- -- -- -- -- 2008-09 Minnesota Wild NHL 10 1 5 6 6 -- -- -- -- -- 2008-09 Houston Aeros AHL 6 1 5 6 6 -- -- -- -- -- 2009 - 10 Tampa Bay Lightning NHL 71 8 34 42 48 -- -- -- -- --
General Manager Steve Tambellini announced today the Edmonton Oilers have agreed to terms with free agent Kurtis Foster to a two - year contract .
Foster , 28 - years - old , joins the Oilers after enjoying a career - high 42 point season with the Tampa Bay Lightning last year .
Foster had eight goals and 34 assists in 71 games for the Bolts .
The 6 ’ 5 ” , 223 lbs defenceman spent the previous four seasons with the Minnesota Wild .
In 257 NHL games Foster has collected 119 points ( 29G , 90A ) .
The Carp , Ontario native played his junior with the Peterborough Petes in the Ontario Hockey League where he played in 256 games scoring 36 goals and 60 assists for 96 points .
He was originally drafted by the Calgary Flames in the 2nd round , 40th overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft .
Edmonton
Oilers hockey is presented in part by the Rexall Family of Pharmacies , Molson Canadian , ATB Financial , TELUS , Cenovus Energy and Ford .
[ Haskell - cafe ] darcs 2.5 beta 1 release
Hi all ,
The darcs team would like to announce the immediate availability of darcs 2.5 beta 1 . Important changes since darcs 2.4.4 are : * trackdown can now do binary search with the -- bisect option * darcs always stores patch metadata encoded with UTF - 8 * obliterate has a - o flag to save obliterated patch * amend - record now supports -- ask - deps * apply now supports -- match * amend - record has a new -- keep - date option * inventory - changing commands ( like record and pull ) now operate in constant time with respect to the number of patches in the repository
If you have installed the Haskell Platform or cabal - install , you can install this beta release by doing : $ cabal update $ cabal install darcs - beta Alternatively , you can download the tarball from http://darcs.net/releases/darcs-2.4.98.1.tar.gz and build it by hand as explained in the README file .
Kind Regards , the darcs release manager , Reinier Lamers -------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : not available Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 198 bytes Desc :
This is a digitally signed message part .
Url : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100711/2530765a/attachment.bin
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The whistle - blowing website WikiLeaks may have blood on its hands , the Pentagon said on Thursday , warning its unprecedented leak of secret U.S. military files could cost lives and damage trust of allies .
An Army intelligence officer , already under arrest , is at the center of an investigation into the leak of more than 90,000 secret records to WikiLeaks , one of the biggest security breaches in U.S. military history , U.S. officials have said .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates declined to comment on the probe but said he could not rule out more leaks of classified information .
He also announced plans to tighten access to sensitive intelligence data .
“ I do n’t know whether there is anyone else out there that is a party to this , ” Gates said at the Pentagon in his first public comments since Sunday ’s publication of the documents .
Admiral Mike Mullen , who as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is the top U.S. military officer , lashed out at WikiLeaks ’ founder Julian Assange , who says he aims to expose corporate and government corruption .
“ Mr. Assange can say whatever he likes about the greater good he thinks he and his source are doing , ” Mullen said .
“ But the truth is they might already have on their hands the blood of some young soldier or that of an Afghan family . ”
Gates said he did not know whether Assange should face criminal prosecution or whether WikiLeaks should be treated like a media organization protected by free speech rights under the U.S. Constitution .
“ I think that ’s a question for people who are more expert in the law than I am , ” he said .
But asked about a possible broadening of the criminal investigation to include WikiLeaks , Gates said he had asked the FBI to assist the Army ’s probe to ensure that the investigation “ can go wherever it needs to go . ”
President Barack Obama and military top brass have played down any revelations from the leaked documents , which have fanned doubts in Washington about the unpopular and costly nine - year - old war .
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange holds up a copy of a newspaper during a press conference at the Frontline Club in central London , July 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Andrew Winning
June was the deadliest month for foreign troops since the start of the conflict in 2001 and U.S. officials warn they expect casualties will keep rising over the summer .
U.S. CONTACTS AT RISK
Obama met his national security team at the White House on Thursday and officials said the WikiLeaks case was discussed .
Gates , a former CIA director , told reporters his biggest concern was that Afghans and other allies would no longer trust the United States to keep their secrets safe .
The documents include intelligence reports and expose names of contacts .
“ I spent most of my life in the intelligence business , where the sacrosanct principle is protecting your sources , ” Gates said .
“ It seems to me that , as a result of this massive breach of security , we have considerable repair work to do in terms of reassuring people and rebuilding trust , because they clearly -- people are going to feel at risk . ”
He said there were technological solutions to tighten security of classified military networks .
One defense official suggested possible measures could include deactivating computer functions used to download data onto portable devices , like CDs or thumb - drives .
Beyond exposing U.S. contacts , the leaked documents also threw an uncomfortable spotlight on links between Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence agency and insurgents who oppose U.S. troops in neighboring Afghanistan .
Mullen acknowledged some ties remained but said Islamabad was “ strategically shifting ” against insurgents .
“ There have been elements of the ISI that have ... a relationship with extremist organizations and that we , you know , we consider that unacceptable .
In the long run I think that the ISI has to strategically shift , ” he said .
“ And they are strategically shifting .
That does n’t mean that they are through that shift at all . ”
The Army investigation into the incident has focused on Army specialist Bradley Manning , who was already charged earlier this month with leaking information previously published by WikiLeaks , U.S. defense officials say .
Manning is awaiting trial on charges of leaking a classified video showing a 2007 helicopter attack that killed a dozen people in Iraq , including two Reuters journalists .
Neither Manning nor anyone else has been named as a suspect in the latest leak and investigators are not ruling out the involvement of multiple individuals .
Stack Overflow was set up by two successful high - profile businessmen , attracts over 7 million unique visitors a month , and has received $ 6 million in funding .
So I found it a little jarring when I visited the site to see this :
My eyes puked from the motion sickness of not - knowing - where - to - look - oh - my - god - everything - is - everywhere - ness of the page .
It ’s a typical case of ‘ designed for developers , by developers ’ , and I ’m sure most regular Stack Overflow users have got used to it and do n’t mind .
Perhaps they even like it .
But a little bit of care over the design could make a huge impact on usability for newcomers , and regular users too .
Before I get to the details , some caveats :
The site may very well be designed for optimum revenue rather than optimum usability .
I ’d like to think that there is a connection between the two , but I have no idea if Jeff and Joel have somehow proved that this is the best design for profits .
Those guys know what they ’re doing .
I do n’t know what percentage of visitors are new vs returning , how successful the adverts are in their current guise , or any other analytics which could be used to influence design improvements .
I do n’t know what the edge cases or constraints are ; maybe there are some underlying reasons behind some of the apparent design ‘ mistakes ’ .
With those caveats in mind , I ’ll continue with my public - complaining - because - it ’s - easier - to - complain - than - create .
Here are my initial concerns , with just the part of the page I can see on my MacBook – there are uglier things , like a second banner , lurking just under the bottom edge :
This is unnecessary noise .
I ’d hazard a guess that not many people click that link , and it does n’t even fade out automatically – you have to click the close button .
This is based on an assumption that most of their traffic arrives via search engines , and the visitors are interested in the main question and answer on the page , not about the site .
On a rather pedantic note , the typography needs work – we have n’t needed double - dashes since the typewriter , and the exclamation mark is tacky .
The search box looks like I ’ve already typed something in .
If it ’s not obvious that it ’s a search box , and you do n’t want to use a search button or a proper form label , the default text should be greyed - out to hint at its status .
And the ‘ careers ’ link in this top menu has nothing to do with the Q&A site – it ’s basically a hidden advert , and should n’t be sandwiched between ‘ log in ’ and ‘ about ’ .
That ’s just sneaky .
This menu is visually one of the highest priority elements on the page , but contains things that are ambiguous ( Badges ) or almost pointless ( Users ) to most visitors .
And why have they been styled to look almost like buttons ?
It would be nice to use some grammar here ( “ Ask a Question ” ) , and maybe also visually differentiate it from the other menu items , as it seems to serve a different purpose ( i.e. things that do different things should look different ) .
This is one of the most important parts of the page .
As a user following a Google search result , you need the validation when you open a page that it matches your expectation ( search query ) .
Unfortunately , the lack of negative space undoes any work that the typography does of highlighting it .
It ’s hidden .
This seems to be the highest priority visual element on the screen : the colour yellow jumps to the foreground , and it ’s the largest block of full colour on the page .
It sucks the eye up to the top - right of the screen .
At this point , yellow has been used for three purposes : to illustrate a notification message at the top , to show the current navigation , and as a background to the site introduction .
Yellow is also increasingly known as the colour that represents ‘ temporary ’ information on the web ( a la yellow fade , 37 Signals ) , which jars a little with this permanent , non-disappearing block .
I know , from using the site , that it disappears on subsequent visits , but a new visitor does n’t .
This is a big assumption , but my market research to - date shows developers as being a particularly bad audience for advert click - throughs , so I ’m surprised by the insistence on ads for revenue .
Not only are there ads , but they are purposefully placed to be as intrusive as possible ( there ’s another one just below the fold ) , which I guess is because that ’s the only way to squeeze out any revenue from the little - clicking developer crowd .
If their revenue is based on impression numbers and not clicks , it would be nice to re-position them slightly .
The second most important element of the page ( the original question ) , and it ’s completely hidden .
What do these huge numbers mean ?
Okay , I ’m being a bit pedantic here , and will assume the first one is some kind of voting system , and the other is a favourites mechanism .
They are greyed - out though , so I ca n’t use them .
Or can I ?
This is just a whole bunch of meaningless information , and needs serious editing .
Is ‘ tagged ’ a heading ?
Or just a random word ?
It seems to be the same typography as the main body text .
I ’m happy to be proved wrong on this , but who actually clicks on these tags ?
Oh yes , I had a specific question on prototyping , and now I ’d LOVE to see exactly 6,412 more questions about ‘ subjective ’ please .
I ’m not a fan of tag clouds ( except for SEO purposes ) , but if you must show this information , cut out the unnecessary precision and just show relative sizes or another visual indicator of popularity , if you need it at all .
And why do they look like buttons ?
Really ?
A tab device to choose ordering options ?
This decision blows my mind .
I ’m being facetious again , but these words have no context or meaning , and are greyed - out disabled .
Having said that , the target audience ( developers ) probably understand their meaning .
As per J , this is probably too much information .
Ego stats .
I can get a good sense of the popularity / likelihood of a correct answer from the number of responses and votes ; I do n’t need page views .
I ’m also not sure why this information , which is closely related to the main question and answer , is so visually disconnected way over on the right .
It took me a while to get my head around what these mini-sentences were .
Even now , I ’m just going on the assumption that they ’re replies to the answer above .
Anyway .
Enough complaining .
Let ’s get physical … physical .
I mean constructive .
Here ’s what I ’ve come up with so far ( click the image for a full - size version ) .
Please note that this is NOT a re-design , but a first step towards solving some of the problems .
A real re-design would :
Use existing analytics to identify what is and is n’t working .
Be designed by a real designer and user experience expert .
Take more than an hour .
Most importantly : be based on real user research , and user tested .
My suggestion has n’t included all the functional elements yet , and is using shades of grey where a final design might use color .
What I have tried to show in the suggestion is :
A better use of negative space .
A defined grid system , based off the existing body text size ( a grid should be based around the most important element of the page , which in this case , is the answer text ) .
A defined typography hierarchy ( four discrete sizes , consistent use of weight ) .
A better visual hierarchy – important things are big and dark , less important things are smaller and lighter .
A consistent and accessible use of complementary colors .
Getting things ‘ out of the way ’ of the vertical eye line that do n’t form part of the solution narrative ( user profiles , replies to answers ) .
A better grouping of elements that belong together .
As I said , this does n’t yet include all the information ( e.g. a link to flag inappropriate content , which would probably be a low priority icon ) , so it ’s not really fair to compare like - for - like .
Even so , what I hope this shows is some of the basic rules of design composition , which non-designers ( such as myself ) should be able to use to improve their web app layout .
Dealing With Those Adverts
I ca n’t help but desperately want to remove those intrusive , ugly , ill - fitting adverts from the Stack Overflow design .
Great business models should be beneficial to everyone , not based on irritation .
There are some so - so variations that would offer a slightly better user experience .
Companies could ‘ sponsor ’ keywords / sections ; for example , Zend might have their branding integrated ( but not intrusively ) into pages that display questions tagged to PHP .
The problem with this model is the overhead of selling - to and managing the sponsorship deals .
( EDIT : It appears they already offer a variation of this )
Alternatively , the popularity of the site is large enough to support a Facebook / AdSense style proprietary ad - bidding system , where smaller companies could create their own adverts against specific keywords .
This would have the benefit of being able to dictate the advert format , so that it can be more naturally integrated into the interface .
Still , that ’s a big piece of work .
We need to look beyond adverts , and capitalize on the real value of Stack Overflow .
The real competitive , hard - to - imitate value is not the traffic numbers , nor is it the question and answer content .
The real value is twofold :
The brand / position as being the place to go for answers to technical questions .
Most importantly , the peer - reviewed database of personal expertise , for thousands of technologies and software skills .
Once you realize these core values , a new business model becomes clear .
Stack Overflow should become the broker of commercial technical customer support for generic languages and skills .
There are tens of thousands of companies , agencies , and software - houses globally that can purchase expensive support for packaged software , but not easily for the languages or frameworks that they use : PHP , Java , Ruby , Javascript or even specialist topics like Artificial Intelligence .
When developers in these companies need to solve a language - level problem ( ‘ How do I do X in PHP 5 ?’ ) , they can of course ask it on a public forum .
But with that comes no guaranteed response rate or quality of response , and also the public ‘ outing ’ of inexperience .
For many companies , they need the answer NOW – every minute is wasted money – and they ’d prefer to get it directly , from a known expert , rather than in a flurry of mixed - quality responses on a public forum .
That ’s where Stack Overflow comes in .
The users with the highest ratings can opt-in to provide customer support for languages or skills that they have proven expertise in .
Badges and Points are no longer just a status symbol , but a route to being given this opportunity .
Companies then pay a monthly fee for technical support in the subject (s ) of their choosing .
For the sake of argument , let ’s say $ 100 for 10 questions a month about PHP ( there would of course be a stepped pricing model for the number of questions and topics covered ) .
A simple web application / dashboard ( or an AIR app , etc. ) allows the company employees to privately ask questions , which are relayed in real - time to approved ‘ community support assistants ’ .
Whoever picks it up first and answers it satisfactorily receives $ 5 – not a bad payment for potentially five minutes of typing an answer .
Stack Overflow gets to keep a healthy 50 % of the revenue to cover costs and invest in growth .
Everyone wins , and those pesky ads can be removed .
Romney took to the Washington Post to decry the New START treaty currently making its way through the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
Rather then add substantively to the debate , the former governor trotted out the same tired arguments that treaty opponents have been bleating since Senators Kerry and Lugar began hearings over two months ago .
From Senator Inhofe and DeMint to the Heritage Foundation , Republicans focused on what they view as a glaring flaw in the treaty , missile defense .
They claim the treaty will severely limit the development of a U.S. missile shield , and will signal to hostile powers that America lacks the will to defend itself .
There ’s one problem with these claims : they are flat out wrong .
Romney ’s argument follows the rich tradition driving the Republican Party right now .
The tea-partiers and other fringe groups require a certain level of cocksure militarism .
Just look at McCain in 2008 , with his impromptu hit song " Bomb Iran " set to the tune of the Beach Boy ’s " Barbara Ann . "
It evoked a jingoistic swagger that the Republican base ate up , akin to G.W. strutting on an aircraft carrier in his flight suit and codpiece .
After all , what could be the harm in starting a third war with a far better equipped country while still hemorrhaging resources in America ’s two current wars ?
Numerous witnesses have repeated in SFRC hearings that the New START Treaty will not constrain missile defense in any way , shape , or form .
Period .
Seriously , look it up .
Bi-Partisan support for the treaty makes this crystal clear .
An op - ed written by under secretary of Defense for Policy and in collaboration with the under secretary of Defense for Acquisition , Technology & Logistics stated :
" The fact is that the treaty does not constrain the U.S. from testing , developing and deploying missile defenses .
Nor does it prevent us from improving or expanding them .
Nor does it raise the costs of doing so . "
This does n’t sound like the Neville Chamberlain capitulation that Mitt Romney rails about in his piece .
But is it an isolated opinion ?
The answer is a resounding no , unless , like Romney and friends , you choose to ignore the opinions of authorities like Robert M. Gates , Adm .
Mike Mullen , Hillary Clinton , or the 30 top National Security leaders that came out in support of ratifying the treaty .
In this post 9/11 world , it ’s interesting how quickly certain individuals revert to a Cold War mentality .
In Romney ’s article , he cursorily mentions rogue nations like Iran and North Korea , and does n’t bother to discuss terrorist groups seeking to construct a dirty bomb .
Instead it ’s right back to the arms - races .
Romney claims that " New - START gives Russia a massive nuclear weapon advantage over the United States , " noting the disparity of Russia ’s arsenal of tactical nuclear weapons that currently outnumbers the United States by 10:1 .
He observes that while they cannot strike America " surely they can reach our allies , nations that depend on us for a nuclear umbrella . "
An interesting observation .
The nuclear umbrella and the security provided by the U.S. and NATO have allowed European nations to invest in social programs rather than defense .
Is this in the best interest of American citizens ?
Representatives Barney Frank and Ron Paul noted ,
" After World War II , with ... the Soviet Union becoming increasingly aggressive , America took on the responsibility of protecting virtually every country that asked for it .
Sixty - five years later , we continue to play that role ... The nations of Western Europe now collectively have greater resources at their command than we do , yet they continue to depend overwhelmingly on American taxpayers to provide for their defense . "
This does n’t mesh with the foreign policy strategy of the former governor , who prefers to invoke a neo - Teddy Roosevelt policy that relies on the big stick , but ignores speaking softly .
America should not turn its back on our allies , yet we must find another path to global security .
Conveniently , the Reps ’ indicated a common sense policy of protection :
" When our democratic allies are menaced by larger , hostile powers , there is a strong argument to be made for supporting them .
But the notion that American taxpayers get some benefit from extending our military might worldwide is deeply flawed . "
Until Mitt Romney and his obstinate brethren in Congress stop trying to score cheap political points , America ’s national security continues to be put at risk .
It ’s time to move beyond the Cold War .
The Berlin Wall fell twenty - one years ago .
The Soviet Union ceased to exist nineteen years ago .
Ratifying New START will not drive Russia into a headlong pursuit of nuclear hegemony ; instead it will provide verifiable benchmarks for the two major nuclear powers to reduce existing stock and monitor the development of new weapons and delivery systems .
Passing the treaty will not harm America ’s national security .
Failing to pass it will .
Citizens for Global Solutions envisions a future in which nations work together to abolish war , protect our rights and freedoms , and solve the problems facing humanity that no nation can solve alone .
HOUSTON / LONDON ( Reuters ) - Energy giant BP
Plc can extend a test on its capped Macondo oil well in the Gulf of Mexico after determining that nearby seepage is not related to the test , a U.S. official said on Monday .
Thad Allen , the top U.S. oil spill official , said the energy company could continue for 24 more hours a pressure test at the well , which was capped last week .
BP shares took a beating on Monday following news that engineers detected seepage on the ocean floor after the well was capped .
The stock recovered in New York after BP and Allen said scientists had determined the seepage was not related to the well .
“ We do not believe that is associated with this particular ... test or the Macondo well , ” Allen told reporters , referring to the seepage detected about 3 km ( 1.9 miles ) from the well .
BP ’s New York shares dropped more than 6 percent as investors sold on fears the seepage could signal that the April 20 blowout of the well might have damaged it , causing oil or gas to leak out the sides or possibly breach the seabed .
Shares in New York recovered on the news the seepage was unrelated to the well , finishing down 3.64 percent .
In the test , which began on Thursday , officials are monitoring the pressure in the well to gauge whether it is structurally sound .
An intact well would help when a relief well intercepts and tries to plug the leak , but damage could complicate that effort .
The worst oil spill in U.S. history has caused an economic and environmental disaster in five states along the Gulf Coast , hurt President Barack Obama ’s approval ratings and complicated traditionally close ties with Britain .
BP said in a statement that it had spent $ 3.95 billion on efforts to tackle the well and clean up the millions of barrels of spilled oil .
The explosion that led to the spill and a three - month long effort to plug the leak and clean up the oil has hit BP ’s finances .
BP has started canvassing shareholders about a restructuring that could include a breakup of its businesses , the Sunday Times reported .
BP talks to sell half its stake in Alaska ’s Prudhoe Bay oil field to Apache Corp , which stalled over the weekend , were back on , CNBC reported .
TESTING
As part of a test of the well , BP choked off the flow a mile under the water ’s surface with a cap on Thursday , marking the first time oil has not spewed since the April 20 explosion on an offshore rig killed 11 workers .
The company was extending the test in 24 - hour intervals , pending U.S. government approval .
The latest extension lasts until Tuesday afternoon .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
BP hopes to keep the damaged well shut until a relief well intercepts it and kills the well by mid-August , BP ’s chief operating officer of exploration and production Doug Suttles , said on Sunday .
But Allen has said when the pressure test ends , BP would “ immediately ” move to begin siphoning oil again to a pair of oil - capture vessels and move to a larger four - vessel siphoning system as planned by the end of July .
Suttles ’ statement could indicate diverging views between BP and the U.S. government .
Yet BP has repeatedly said the final say of how BP proceeds lies with Allen .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
On Monday Allen appeared to leave open the possibility of keeping the well capped and shut .
He said it was hard to say whether BP will return to that siphoning system .
He also said installation of BP ’s oil - capture vessel system , designed to handle up to 80,000 barrels a day , could be delayed by a few days as seismic and acoustic sensor vessels scan the area for possible wellhead and seabed anomalies .
“ We are negotiating how to trade off and prioritize long - term containment , ” Allen said .
ROLE OF BP IN LIBYA BOMBER DEAL
The oil spill is likely to loom large when British Prime Minister David Cameron meets Obama in Washington this week .
The White House said the company ’s role in the release of the Lockerbie bomber from a Scottish prison will also come up .
BP has confirmed that it lobbied the UK government in late 2007 over a prisoner transfer agreement with Libya , but said it was not involved in talks on the release of Abdel Basset al - Megrahi , convicted of the 1988 bombing of a Pan Am flight .
The British government said it had no plans to re-examine a prisoner transfer agreement with Libya , despite demands by U.S. lawmakers for an investigation .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told senators who had demanded an investigation that the United States was urging Scottish and British authorities to review the circumstances leading to Megrahi ’s release .
Cameron ’s visit comes as U.S. lawmakers are considering a range of rules that could require tougher safety regulations on offshore drilling or bar companies like BP from new offshore exploration leases .
BP is also trying to figure out a possible restructuring of its business .
The Sunday Times said options included selling the group ’s refineries and petrol stations , scaling back U.S. operations and ramping up in - house engineering instead of outsourcing .
USA TODAY OPINION USA TODAY OPINION Letters to the editor USA TODAY receives about 300 letters each day .
Most arrive via e-mail , but we also receive submissions by postal mail and fax .
We publish about 35 letters each week .
We often select comments that respond directly to USA TODAY articles or opinion pieces .
Letters that are concise and make one or two good points have the best chance of being selected , as do letters that reflect the vibrant debate around the nation on a particular subject .
We aim to make the letters platform a place where readers , not just writers representing institutions or interest groups , have their say .
How to submit letters
Recently , the NAACP accused the " Tea Party " of tolerating racists within the movement .
Its resolution did not label the movement 's ideals or all members to be racist .
Despite the signs at Tea Party rallies , a protester spitting on an African - American leader , and another calling Rep. John Lewis the n-word , conservatives are running to the defense of the Tea Party ( " ' Tea Party ' defenders deny racism , " News , Thursday ) .
I am not a race expert , but it seems undeniable that the Tea Party is racist , simply based on its inception .
From my limited understanding of the movement , it was born after President Obama took office and focuses on limited government and reduced government spending .
Did its members not notice President Bush 's swelling of the government and excessive spending ?
Bush 's outcomes were dismal , and we are still waiting on the return from Obama 's policies .
The fact they stayed silent when the white president was in office makes African Americans skeptical and believe the real motive is that an African American is the president .
If Tea Partiers are not racist and want to draw the support of more African Americans , they need to answer the question :
Where were they during the Bush years ?
Alvin Glymph ; Fayetteville , Ga. Tea Party not racist
The NAACP has said that the Tea Party is made up of a bunch of racists .
The first lady , the president , the Democratic Party , the news media and pretty much anyone on the left seem to agree .
I am afraid that the shoe is on the proverbial other foot .
I would ask that members of the NAACP and the news media play the rant of New Black Panther Party member Samir Shabazz , wherein he calls on the black community to " kill some crackers " and " some of their babies . "
Tea Party members do n't go around threatening to kill anyone , or their children .
Tea Partiers are not racists .
However , I and many , many other people are tired of being set upon for simply being white .
Jamie Guthrie ; Pismo Beach , Calif .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
TORONTO ( Hollywood Reporter ) - “ L.A. Zombie , ” a Canadian indie film described by the Melbourne International Film Festival as “ gay zombie porn , ” has been denied an Australian festival berth by local censors .
The Australian Film Classification Board concluded that implied sex with corpses by an alien zombie in Los Angeles , breached local taste standards .
“ L.A. Zombie ” will receive a world premiere at the Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland on August 5 , before its North American bow at the Toronto festival in September , according to the film ’s producers .
It was to have screened in Melbourne on August 7 and 8 .
Director Bruce LaBruce said the censors viewed only the softcore version of his film , “ which features no explicit anally penetrative sex . ”
LaBruce has built a directorial career shooting hardcore pornography that aims to produce a return for financiers , along with a second softcore version with auteur touches that can screen on the festival circuit to critical acclaim .
The hardcore version of “ L.A. Zombie ” will be released separately on Halloween after the softcore version plays the international festival circuit .
“ Although apparently the Australian Classification Board has no problem passing all manner of mainstream torture porn movies which feature , amongst other things , the rape and dismemberment of women , it ’s interesting that they have no stomach for a movie that reaffirms life , ” LaBruce said in a statement .
A warning to anyone wanting to root their HTC EVO 4G today : do n't accept Sprint 's OTA ( over the air ) update when you receive the phone .
It will block access to systems that allow users to complete the rooting process .
' Rooting ' your phone is the process by which you give yourself full administrative rights over all of your phone 's functionality , much like jail breaking an iPhone .
It 's a way for people to install custom versions of the pre-installed OS or to install unsupported third - party applications .
More important to Sprint , though , is the ability to activate the 4G hotspot feature free of charge .
After charging $ 30 / month for the service , Sprint will likely do anything in its power to stop users from accessing the feature for free .
The update , which , according to MobileCrunch , comes at the heels of last minute bug found in the functionality of the SD card reader in the EVO , does n't just fix the storage bug ; it also restricts you from rooting your phone .
The tip comes from Unrevoked , one of the development teams responsible for the root package that was completed weeks before official release .
The small amount of time it took developers to produce a working root package for the EVO was nothing short of staggering .
Much of that likely is tied to the fact that Google gave out 1000 of these devices to developers at their annual I/O conference in May .
Allow that much development talent free access to a device , and it's no wonder that a root package was developed posthaste .
Unrevoked is vowing to dig in to the OTA and wrangle out a solution when they get access to it , but for now they urge potential rooters to reject the OTA when it hits the airwaves .
Ruff followed her own path to career assist record
Recently by Jeffrey A. Tucker : In Praise of Lard
Pittsburgh is a town that makes me want to rhapsodize like a Randian .
Its skyline , the materials and shapes that make up the structure of the city , celebrate man ’s creative genius in every way .
It is more beautiful than the most cultivated garden because it is a picture of order out of chaos and all directed toward the betterment of society .
In capitalism ’s structure of production , the city once stood between the first producers of raw materials somewhere in the mountains of West Virginia and the mansions of the final owners in Rhode Island and Connecticut .
It is the city that transformed what nature gave us into things we can use .
It was called the Iron City and , later , the Steel City .
Steel now only refers to the backbone of the city ’s spirit .
It has remade itself yet again .
Forbes has listed Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , at the top of its list of affordable cities in which to buy a home .
But keep in mind that this was not a straight line onwards and upwards .
Three decades ago , it was the symbol of the panic of the time : the de-industrialization of America .
The place was nearly gutted but look at its strength today even in the presence of the second great depression .
As Forbes notes in passing that the city " never experienced the dramatic run-up in prices that characterized the national housing bubble — so it was spared the subsequent bust . "
True , and there is a dramatic story here that reveals how impossible it is for legislation to ever win out over the price system .
Politicians , regulators , bankers , unions , and the press can scream and yell , punch and kick , and sign all the laws they can print , but the market presses on to achieve its own results .
Cinder Buggy : A Fable ... Garrett , Garet Best Price : $ 15.99 Buy New $ 810.06 ( as of 02:15 EST - Details )
In this case , Pittsburgh is the winner .
There is really no sign of recession in Pittsburgh .
It is a beautiful , bustling city with surprisingly clean air , low unemployment , and happy people everywhere .
There are construction projects on every corner , students pouring in and out of universities , technology companies starting and building , and new people moving in just to enjoy the amenities .
Its low prices are not a bane but a key attraction .
There is no sign of the former misery when the steel industry in the U.S. was in inexorable decline .
The city was built by steel in both a physical and economic sense .
Garet Garrett ’s book The Cinder Buggy tells the story of how steel transformed the iron city and how , before that , this city had been the beneficiary of the 19th - century boom in commerce owing to its famed three rivers .
It would have been impossible for me to understand these things were it not for Garrett ’s great book , which I write about at length in my book Bourbon for Breakfast .
Here we discover how Pittsburgh played a central role in the very creation of modernity , and how it became a benefactor to us all , making it possible for us to enjoy the highest standards of living in the history of the world .
There is also an economic lesson in its rise from ashes .
The source of Pittsburgh ’s suffering in the last twenty - five years of the 20th century was not the macroeconomic business cycle .
The doldrums were not due to the Fed or to any tyrant .
Its decline came about organically from voluntary trade .
It was the loser in a dramatic shift in the global division of labor that had a profound local impact .
It turned out that America , broadly speaking , was not a very viable competitor in the production and distribution of steel .
Other nations , others firms located in other places , could do it more efficiently and effectively .
Bourbon for Breakfast : ...
Jeffrey Tucker Best Price : $ 2.99 Buy New $ 7.99 ( as of 09:55 EST - Details )
All these years later , this might seem like a forgone conclusion .
Pittsburgh moved on and transformed itself .
But at the time , it was not obvious at all .
People said that without steel , there could be no Pittsburgh and without Pittsburgh there could be no vibrant economy in the United States .
Pundits screamed and cried about the gutting of America ’s industrial strength , and thousands of televisions special appeared about the plight of the workers in the industry .
The city itself went through a long period of wrenching transition in which housing prices and real - estate prices fell through the floor .
Businesses shut down .
Tax revenue plummeted .
Its residents were scattered to the winds .
Even the symbol of its skyline , which once seemed glorious , now looked like the very image of the last days .
Not even the vaunted steel union could do anything about it .
It all seems like ancient history today .
Steel is gone .
The evidence of its past is everywhere — an indelible stained mark on the physical surroundings and the culture of the city — but there is no living reality .
But what has taken its place has made up the difference .
So while the rest of the country went through a real - estate boom and bust , Pittsburgh stayed on its long course forward to recovery , having been spared the ups and downs .
The curse was a blessing after all .
One of the city ’s tallest buildings is the old U.S. Steel building , a wonderful structure that expressed in architecture the very love of steel .
Its beams are exposed on the outside , in raw black .
Magnificent .
Only one thing : today the building is labeled UPMC for University of Pennsylvania Medical Center .
And why ?
UPMC occupies more than 50 % of the rented space .
The lesson here is that it is pointless to stand against the mighty winds of market change and scream stop .
All the efforts to save the steel industry were useless and wasteful .
The tariffs , the antidumping rules , and the subsidies failed to stop the inexorable trend .
But it was not the end of the world after all .
The move of steel from home to abroad freed up the city ’s magnificent resources for other uses , and recovery came in time , generated by the market .
It will be the same with real estate around the country .
Prices will not be stopped .
Markets will adjust .
We can fight it and waste trillions doing so .
But it will make no difference .
If the dawn is to come , it will be brought to us by the market economy .
It turn , that market economy will again make greatness possible , not granted by “ great ” politicians but by truly great owners of capital , the kind of people who built and continue to make Pittsburgh a paragon of the social triumph of capitalism over central planning .
Jeffrey Tucker [ send him mail ] is editorial vice president of www.Mises.org.
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
Classification of motorbikes for determining CTP greenslip prices in NSW is changing from 1 July 2010 .
The new classifications will result in significant greenslip price changes for many owners , some up and some down .
Engine capacity
For greenslip purposes , motorbikes are classified on the basis of engine capacity .
The classifications are designated by the Motor Accident Authority of NSW for use by greenslip insurers .
Greenslip insurers apply those classifications , along with consideration of other factors such as location , claims history , driving record and rider age , to determine greenslip prices .
Until 30 June 2010 three classifications apply :
i ) Under 100cc
ii ) 101 cc to 300cc
iii ) Over 300cc
From 1 July 2010 , five new classifications will apply :
i ) Under 225cc
ii ) 226 cc to 725cc
iii ) 726 cc to 1,125cc
iv ) 1,126 cc to 1,325cc
v) Over 1,325cc
How they work
The change in classifications is designed to allow more levels of price differentiation for risk based on engine capacity and claims experience .
Clearly , one classification for all motorbikes above 300 cc is too wide .
The new classifications do not include consideration of other risk characteristics such as the type of motorbike or pillion capacity .
The new classifications result in a major realignment of prices .
Some motorbike owners will benefit from sizeable decreases in greenslip prices , whilst others will be required to pay significantly more .
We have surveyed prices as at 30 June 2010 and 1 July 2010 for a range of motorbikes in the Sydney Metropolitan and Country areas .
The results , showing the average change in price between those two dates are set out in the table below .
Average Change in Price Average Change in Price Capacity Sydney Metropolitan Country NSW 125 cc - 9.9 % - 3.9 % 250 cc 88.9 % 107.3 % 400 cc - 27.3 % - 29.6 % 650 cc - 27.3 % - 29.6 % 800 cc 5.2 % 1.9 % 1,100 cc 4.4 % 1.2 % 1,200 cc 34.9 % 24.6 % 1,500 cc 19.8 % 13.0 % 2,000 cc 19.8 % 13.0 %
Hardest hit will be motorbikes at the bottom of the 226cc to 725 cc classification , such as 250 cc motorbikes .
250 cc motorbikes were previously classified with 101 cc to 300 cc motorbikes .
For a 250 cc motorbike the survey shows an average increase in price of 88.9 % in the Sydney Metropolitan area and 107.3 % in Country areas .
The survey shows that prices have increased in the three classifications for motorbikes above 726 cc .
The average increase in price for an 800 cc motorbike is 5.2 % in the Sydney Metropolitan area and 1.9 % in Country areas .
The average increase in price for a 2,000 cc motorbike is 19.8 % in the Sydney Metropolitan area and 13.0 % in Country areas .
Motorbikes in the 1,126 cc to 1,325 cc classification have shown a higher average increase in price than other large capacity motorbikes .
For a 1,200 cc motorbike the survey shows an average increase in price of 34.9 % in the Sydney Metropolitan area and 24.6 % in Country areas .
Biggest winners
The biggest winners are motorbikes in the upper range of the 226cc to 725 cc classification , such as 400 cc and 650 cc motorbikes .
Those motorbikes were previously classified with all motorbikes over 300 cc .
For both 400 cc and 650 cc motorbikes the survey shows an average decrease in price of 27.3 % in the Sydney Metropolitan area and 29.6 % in Country areas .
Some small capacity motorbikes under 225 cc will also benefit .
For a 125 cc motorbike ( such as a scooter ) the survey shows an average decrease in price of 9.9 % in the Sydney Metropolitan area and 3.9 % in Country areas .
Interestingly , the survey also shows that for an older rider with good claims and driving records , the benefit of shopping around to compare prices will in some cases save several hundred dollars , whereas for a young rider with bad claims and driving records , the benefit of shopping around will generally be less than $ 20.00 .
The trends shown in the table are based on a sample of greenslip prices as at 30 June 2010 and 1 July 2010 .
Greenslip prices change over time and in every case need to be checked on the basis of specific motorbike and owner details .
Comment at our Blog .
Tell us how the changes will affect you .
What is your opinion on the new classifications ?
Four years ago I wrote about a way to encode the latitude and longitude of any point on the Earth 's surface to 10 m of accuracy with a 10 character code .
Apart from a modification to the way the check digit is calculated , the code remains unchanged .
The idea is this : instead of giving people addresses , or coordinates , you can give them something like a post code for any point on the Earth 's surface .
This can then be entered into a GPS device and decoded .
Thus a business can provide its 10:10 code and know that people will be able to find it .
I was reminded of this , this weekend when I took the Eurotunnel to France .
On their web site they say : Now those latitude and longitude values are very hard to enter , and , although in the UK post codes are pretty accurate , they are not universal ( e.g. in France and the US there 's no equivalent ) .
In contrast the 10:10 code is global .
Here 's some JavaScript code that calculates the 10:10 code :
The 10:10 code of the Eurotunnel terminal in the UK is : MED 8FV N9K5 PS .
Many people have pointed out that there are existing systems like this , and existing patents .
As far as I am aware , none of them include a check digit .
For example , there 's the Military Grid Reference System , the Natural Area Code , this Microsoft patent and Geohash .
The check digit is critical because it reduces operator error when entering a location on a GPS device .
The tracks , which are each about four centimetres long , were left by reptiles living 500 kilometres from the nearest seashore .
( ( Courtesy of University of Bristol ) )
An accidental discovery along the eroding Bay of Fundy shoreline in New Brunswick is giving scientists insight into the evolution of life on earth .
Scientists have discovered 318 million - year - old reptile footprints in rock slabs that have broken free of the sea cliffs , and say they show reptiles were the first vertebrates — animals with a backbone — to move inland away from the swampy coasts .
The footprints were discovered by Howard Falcon - Lang of Royal Holloway , University of London during a trek along the coast near St. Martins , N.B. , in August 2008 .
However , the results of his study — conducted along with Mike Benton at the University of Bristol and Canadian colleagues — are only being published Friday in the journal Palaeogeography , Palaeoclimatology , Palaeoecology after undergoing peer review .
" It 's a very significant event in the history of life , " Falcon - Lang said in an interview .
" About 400 million years ago , animals with backbones started to come on land , but these were frog - like creatures .
And amphibians such as frogs have to return to the water in order to breed .
They lay soft eggs that very easily dry out . "
But Falcon - Lang said when the reptiles came along , they laid eggs with hard shells that they could lay on land , and could therefore start moving away from the shore .
Environment like central Australia
" What we found in New Brunswick is evidence of early reptiles living around a water hole in a very dry environment , " he said .
' These are quite remarkable , ' said Randy Miller , provincial paleontologist at the New Brunswick Museum .
' It 's not just one set of footprints .
The slabs are covered with footprints . '
( ( Courtesy of University of Bristol ) )
" It 's a bit like environments that you might find in central Australia today . "
At that time , all the continents were joined together in a single continent called Pangaea .
He said the tracks were left by reptiles living 500 kilometres from the nearest seashore .
" It 's a bit like the story of the American pioneers setting westward to seek fame and fortune , " said Falcon - Lang .
" These early reptiles were moving into the continental interiors , exploiting environments where animal life had not been before . "
Randy Miller , the provincial paleontologist at the New Brunswick Museum in Saint John , was with Falcon - Lang when the tracks were discovered .
' Covered with footprints '
" These are quite remarkable , " he said Thursday .
" It 's not just one set of footprints .
The slabs are covered with footprints . "
Miller said he actually had his back to the slab and was examining plant fossils when the footprints were discovered .
Falcon - Lang said he was looking for something else , and only discovered the prints after he tripped and fell , scraping his knee .
" I still have the scars to prove it , " he said .
The footprints are quite small — only about four centimetres long .
Falcon - Lang said the reptile that made them would have been about 20 centimetres long and resembled a gecko .
He said it is probably an early reptile called Hylonomus .
Fossil skeletons have been found in adjacent Nova Scotia .
" It 's a very key step in evolutionary history , because these tiny , small , scampering gecko - like reptiles were the ancestors of dinosaurs and they were the ancestors of you and me , " he said .
' Foundations for everything to come later '
" They were actually laying the foundations for everything to come later in the history of life on land . "
At the time , the area now known as New Brunswick was along the equator and had a tropical ecosystem .
It 's believed the footprints were made in sticky mud near a water hole shortly before a torrential rainfall .
Even the marks left by the large raindrops have been preserved .
Falcon - Lang said it 's like looking at a snapshot taken 318 million years ago .
" It really is that extraordinary , " he said .
" You 're capturing an event that probably just took a few minutes . "
Miller has made latex copies of the slab and pieces of the actual rock have been removed for safe - keeping at the museum in Saint John .
Remember the Primrose Hill set ?
Jude Law and Sadie Frost , Noel Gallagher and Meg Mathews , Liam Gallagher and Patsy Kensit .
Celebrity couples with everything going for them , rich , beautiful and all good friends .
And yet none of them are still together .
A new study has come up with a possible explanation , suggesting that the break - up of relationships within groups of friends is contagious – one couple within a social group divorces and their friends ' relationships collapse around them like ninepins .
The researchers have called it " divorce clustering " and say that a split up between immediate friends increases your own chances of getting divorced by 75 % .
The effect drops to 33 % if the divorce is between friends of a friend , what the researchers call two degrees of separation , then disappears almost completely at three degrees of separation .
It is not only the marital status of friends but also siblings and colleagues which has a significant effect on how long your own marriage might last .
Breaking up will catch on among your friends , and the more divorcees you know , the higher your own chances of becoming one .
The research comes from sociologists and psychologists from three North American universities who have examined statistics from a group of individuals over a 32 - year period .
They looked at the effect of divorce among peer groups on an individual 's own risk of divorce and found a clear process of what the scientists called " social contagion " .
The study was carried out by academics Rose McDermott at Brown University , James Fowler at the University of California and Nicholas Christakis at Harvard .
They used the Framingham Heart Study – a longitudinal study of the population of a small Massachusetts town near Boston which was started in 1948 to investigate risk for heart disease but has since become a godsend for social research because of the wealth of information that continues to be collected from generation after generation of residents .
The statistics also follow people who have left the town and suggest that a divorced friend or family member who lives hundreds of miles away may have as much influence on risk of divorce as one who lives next door .
It also found that the presence of children within a marriage did not in itself influence the likelihood of people getting divorced .
But each child a couple had further reduced the parents ' susceptibility to being influenced by divorcing friends .
The report suggested that the " normalising " of splits could be to blame .
It also found that " divorcees have denser social networks and are much more likely to remarry other divorcees " .
The study threw up further bad news for divorcees – they stand to lose 10 % of friends and are seen by some as a social threat .
In the US , 50 % of marriages end in divorce within the first 15 years and the annual incidence of divorce is 36 per 1,000 couples .
In the UK the annual rate is just 11.5 out of 1,000 married couples divorcing each year .
The low rates in Britain – in 2008 the divorce rate was the lowest for 29 years – were attributed to the Labour government 's investment in family counselling services and a rise in separation agreements where couples live separate lives but do n't divorce for reasons of cost or the children 's sake .
The US report concluded that we need to recognise the far - reaching effects of a marital breakdown and treat it as a disease that will spread unless couples recognise the risk and talk openly about their friends ' break - ups .
" Divorce should be understood as a collective phenomenon that extends far beyond those directly affected , " concludes the report , which says friends ought to support each other through marital problems for selfish as well as compassionate reasons .
A 40 - foot - wide Milwaukee sinkhole swallowed a car and driver – and a stoplight – Thursday night after torrential rainfall in the Great Lakes region .
The sinkhole is approximately 20 feet deep , according to Milwaukee ’s Department of Public Works .
Businesses surrounding the downtown intersection with the sinkhole have been evacuated while the compromised ground is tested to make sure it will not collapse further .
Bystanders rescued the driver of the car and police cordoned off the area immediately after the accident .
The city left the car running overnight to burn off its gasoline before attempting to remove it and clean the area .
IN PICTURES : Sinkholes around the world
A spokeswoman for the public works department said the sinkhole was caused when a manhole gave way as rainwater gushed through Milwaukee ’s drainage system , according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel .
The city received more than 5 - 1/ 2 inches of rain Thursday , about an inch shy of the local record .
The rain also caused the temporary closure of Milwaukee ’s General Mitchell Airport Friday morning , after the water flooded the airfield and some roads leading to the airport .
Heavy rainfall is one of several primary causes for sinkholes , according to Mark Kasmarek , a hydrogeologist at the US Geological Survey .
“ To get a big washout of material , the only way is to have a high rate of water flowing through the sediment , ” Mr. Kasmarek says .
“ If a place has had torrential rains , that can cause groundwater to flow , which erodes out sediments from underneath asphalt and buildings . ”
Sinkholes have made big news over the past couple months .
Particularly large holes in Guatemala City and Tampa , Fla. , attracted significant media attention at the beginning of the summer .
But sinkholes are not any more common now than they used to be , says Kasmarek .
“ Sinkholes are fairly common in certain areas , ” he says .
James Currens , a hydrogeologist with the Kentucky Geological Survey , agrees .
“ It ’s just more awareness and reporting , ” Mr. Currens says .
“ I do n’t think it ’s a trend . ”
IN PICTURES : Sinkholes around the world
Related :
He puts on a charming smile and projects and air of confidence in public , but underneath it all there 's a disconcerting fact chipping away at Mitt Romney .
Opposition to the sweeping healthcare reform law has become a centerpiece of the Republican strategy and will undoubtedly be a key issue in several election cycles to come .
So Romney , the Republican favourite for president in 2012 , has positioned himself as a leading critic of President Obama 's plan .
But there 's a small problem : in 2006 , as governor of Massachusetts , Romney introduced and signed into a law a slate of health reforms virtually identical to the plan Obama has now enacted on a nationwide level .
Do n't take my word for it .
The conservative Wall Street Journal editorial board weeks ago labelled the Romney and Obama laws " fraternal policy twins " , noting that the former governor " signed a prototype of ObamaCare into law in Massachusetts . "
The rightwing Cato Institute said the two plans " almost perfectly mirror " each other .
Whether it's the individual mandate , the subsidies , the taxes , the insurance regulations or the exchanges – the bills use all the same means to achieve all the same goals .
Romney has tied himself in knots trying to obscure this awkward fact , even as the media recognises that by criticising the Obama plan he 's essentially bashing his own greatest legislative accomplishment .
The Associated Press recently ran a story headlined Romney attacks health care law similar to his own .
The Christian Science Monitor wondered ,
Who is the father of health care reform : Obama or Mitt Romney ?
Columnist Gail Collins of the New York Times jestingly called Romney a " liberal icon " .
Even Fox News , largely a communications arm of the GOP , grilled him on his duplicity .
" A lot of commentators have said this is sort of similar to the bill that Mitt Romney , the Republican governor and now presidential candidate , passed in Massachusetts , " Obama said during a recent appearance on NBC News , grinning from ear to ear .
When you cut through the fluff , the only case Romney can still make is that " socialism " and a " big - government takeover of healthcare " is acceptable on a state level but not on a federal level .
He 's stretched that argument as far as possible , alleging yesterday in an interview that Obama 's bill is an unconstitutional violation of the 10th amendment , which protects states ' rights .
What 's even more uncomfortable for the Republican political orbit is that the core ideas in both bills were cultivated by the staunchly conservative Heritage Foundation thinktank ( which now claims Obama has downgraded America from " free " to " mostly free " ) last decade .
So , the substantive basis of the new law was crafted by the rightwing establishment , and its architecture embraced by a top Republican a few years ago .
( It 's also very similar to the Republican alternative to the failed Clinton - care effort in the 1990s . )
Yet it 's been viciously assaulted by Republicans and conservatives as a tyrannical government takeover .
What gives ?
The most logical explanation is that the GOP decided from minute one of the Obama presidency that its plan of attack would be to prey on constituents ' fears and paint him and his Democratic allies as nefarious socialist sympathisers , regardless of what they actually do .
Armed with a powerful message machine and devoid of any desire to fix the healthcare system , Republicans deemed this their best chance to undercut the new president and win back power .
Jim DeMint made this clear by saying he wanted health reform to be Obama 's Waterloo .
And from top to bottom , the conservative movement snapped in line , obediently promulgating the party 's talking points and stifling dissent from within .
Anybody who strayed from the narrative was a RINO , a moonbat , a closeted liberal .
Even tactical criticisms from insiders who opposed the bill were off limits , as former Bush adviser David Frum learned .
Above all , this saga reflects the rightward gravitational pull in the US political spectrum .
It 's been happening for decades .
Republicans grow increasingly conservative to differentiate themselves and appease their corporate constituency ; Democrats , in response , tack rightward in fear of losing their big - money donors and being castigated as socialists .
Healthcare is the perfect example of this phenomenon unfolding .
The Democratic health reform proposals during the last century have become increasingly conservative over time , but the GOP lines of attack have n't changed .
No matter what the substance , they 're derided as Marxist prototypes that will seriously threaten the future of freedom in America .
Unfortunately for Republicans and their leading presidential contender , this is one instance where they probably wo n't be able to win back power by redefining the centre .
Two weeks ago ( Thursday , July 1st 2010 ) I attended Slavoj Žižek ’s lecture at the LSE , marking the release of his new book : Living in the End Times .
A podcast of the lecture is available to download here .
The ground covered during his two hours of — near continuous — speech will not surprise anyone familiar with his public performance , nor will his habit of interrupting even himself with further points and deviations .
In this post I will address Žižek ’s provocative claim that efforts at personal recycling — ‘ small everyday acts ’— equate simply to a superstition .
This was by no means the focus of his lecture — it was little more that a passing comment — but , whether he has any valid grounds for making such a statement or not , a careful examination of this contention is an interesting departure point .
This statement also attracted a somewhat puzzled question from an audience member ( during the minimal time left for questions at the end of the lecture ) and additionally has since been picked up on as an unhelpful or confusing argument in Martin Eve ’s blog notes on the lecture here .
In his answer to the audience member ’s question , Žižek associated his position with an anecdote he has told on several occasions concerning Starbucks ’ claims of a benefit to poor coffee growing communities being built in to a purchase of their ‘ fair trade ’ coffee .
On this Žižek comments :
In the commodity itself the price of your leftist , honest , resistance to consumerism is included .
In previous lectures ( specifically in his RSA lecture of late 2009 , available to watch and listen to here )
Žižek has also used what I consider to be a clearer example of this point : TOMS Shoes , a US company who , with every purchase made by the consumer , donate a second pair of shoes to a child in poverty in an economically poorly developed country .
In these examples Žižek is highlighting a tendency in contemporary consumer capitalism to anticipate the ethical concerns of potential consumers and reverse them , transforming them directly into positive selling points — necessarily at a premium on their less ethical market equivalents with respect to additional costs ( such as manufacturing two pairs of shoes ) , but also potentially as pure ‘ added value ’ , a premium taken solely as profit and paid for by an ethically minded consumer who is happy ( or wealthy enough ) to pay more for the product ’s virtues .
In short , advanced consumer capitalism seeks to recuperate its own negative ethical implications , transforming them into positive commodities that it can sell back to a concerned demographic at a premium .
As a perspective on advanced consumerism , marketing trends and brands , Žižek makes a valid and relevant observation .
But , can this be extended — as Žižek appears to be doing — to become a substantive claim about the fundamental nature of advanced capitalism and ‘ ethical consumerism ’?
There are two principle problems with such an extension .
The first is that to make such a claim with certainty , it is necessary to answer both an epistemological and an ontological question in the affirmative .
Epistemological — is it possible to make a valid determination about the fundamental ‘ nature ’ or ‘ essence ’ of the capitalist system as a whole ( and also the nature of ethical consumerism as a subset of this larger system ) ?
Only if such an epistemic determination is possible , can we then reason about its ethical nature — to speak simplistically — is it ‘ good ’ or ‘ bad ’ ?
The ontological question — is it even valid to consider such entities as possessing a nature or essence in the first place ?
Only if the system can be said to possess a nature , can ethical judgments regarding this nature be held to be valid judgments about the system .
To put these questions more simply and the other way around : does it possess a nature ?
and can this nature be known ( in order to then pass judgement upon it ) ?
The second problem is philosophically more simple , but still difficult to resolve in any empirically meaningful way ; it concerns a misreading of consumers ( or at least of a meaningful proportion of consumers ) in their motives for buying ethically branded products , assuming that they do so solely purely out of a desire for pleasure , or if not pleasure directly , then at least to avoid feelings of guilt .
This misreading of consumers motives is most striking in another example Žižek gives during his RSA speech .
Referring to a consumer ’s choice to buy an organic apple costing significantly more , he claims this choice is rooted in the pleasure gained from a feeling of doing something for the environment .
This motivation may , amongst others , exist in a great many consumers and in many it might even be the dominant motivation , but to take for granted that this the true cause — ‘ look deep into yourself ’ , Žižek asks — is to take at face value the logic of consumerist marketing ; which dictates that the association of a product with representations of virtues or desirable attributes is the only motivating factor in determining a consumers ’ consumption decisions .
I describe this as the ‘ logic of consumerist marketing ’ because it equates exactly to the ad man ’s dream ; which is not that the ‘ representation of virtues or desirable attributes is < in reality > the only motivating factor ’ but simply that everyone comes to believe that it is ( which from the point of view of an advertiser is even better — i.e. more cost effective — as it avoids the expense and difficulties of having to deal with real things at all ) .
Žižek is incorrect in the totality of his assertion about motivation .
Firstly , it seems certain that many consumers actually believe that organic apples are healthier and taste better , and therefore are buying them out of more traditional notions of self interest , rather than an association with a wider ethical good .
More significant , it is also perfectly possible that some consumers actually buy organic apples because they do — admittedly in some small way — have less of a negative effect on the environment compared with ones produced using ( or overusing ) synthetic pesticides and fertilisers .
This is not the place for an in depth analysis of the pros and cons of farming methods but , whilst ‘ synthetic ’ should not be considered a synonym of ‘ bad ’ , it is reasonable to assert the rational value of a ‘ precautionary principle ’ with respect to public health and the surrounding environment when employing methods that enable dramatic intensification of processes and yields through radical breaks with such processes as they are found in nature .
It is therefore clear that some consumers choose to buy organic apples , not because they get a ‘ feel good ’ pleasure from doing so , but because they believe that organic apples are the preferable option in terms of their personal impact on the wider environment .
In these cases I would argue it is neither seeking pleasure nor avoiding guilt that decides the purchase , but rather a rational decision based on certain assumptions about the relative impacts of organic versus non-organic food production on the environment .
This same misreading of motivation can also be seen with respect to Žižek ’s analysis of buying fair trade or apparently ‘ ethically positive ’ products .
It is not necessarily experiencing pleasure in the feeling of doing good , nor an attempted avoidance of the guilt caused by participation in the system of capitalist consumption , which prompts the buying of such goods .
Rather , it can be considered to be the result of weighing up a situation where — given the necessity for shoes , the lack of skills , tools and time to make them for yourself , and the reliance on the capitalist system of production and trade which results from this situation — the ethically minded consumer simply chooses the option that appears the least bad .
The consumer may not necessarily be making the objectively correct decision , but the position from which they are making their decision is one of ‘ ethical problem solving ’ , rather than a position of seeking pleasure or avoiding guilt .
Similarly , when addressing recycling , Žižek contends that at an individual level recycling cannot be anything more than a superstition , since any single practice of recycling cannot make a meaningful contribution to the efforts necessary to prevent ultimate environmental collapse .
Again , this is an oversimplification of personal motivations .
It is perfectly possible to be motivated , not from a belief that personal recycling will ward off environmental disaster , but from the belief that it makes a smaller contribution to bringing about this inevitable disaster .
( However , it should not be forgotten that reduction and reuse — in that order — are both preferable to recycling .
Nor should it be forgotten that — unlike recycling — both of these options are antithetical to an expanding economy based on increasing material consumption . )
Wholesale transformation of the system might offer the only true possibility of avoiding catastrophe , but since the individual is unable to mobilise the collective agency necessary for such a transformation , they instead simply choose from actions that are possible .
In doing so they do not seek to superstitiously ward off environmental disaster , but rather to take what little action is practically available to them as an individual .
To make a fundamental point : the individual nature of consciousness entails that the locus of moral choice ( to the extent that such choice exists as a phenomena of consciousness — i.e. presupposing free will ) cannot exist at any level other than that of the individual consciousness .
From this stems the tendency of both individuals and society to focus on the importance of the actions of the individual , even when such actions have a negligible impact in and of themselves .
If there is in fact any superstition in personal recycling , then it is actually the same superstition that Žižek himself invokes later in the LSE lecture , when he is picked up on in his use of the ‘ royal we ’ .
In answer to this he makes reference to the ‘ paradox of the performative ’— whereby an action is announced as complete in anticipation of its completion — stating that the ‘ we ’ he refers to is :
… the ghost that comes , not from the past , but from the future of the left .
In the same spirit , when an individual carries out their everyday recycling , it is perfectly possible to think of this as an act of identification with an expansive future community who act similarly ( and on such a mass scale , such recycling efforts would make a difference ) .
To be fair to Žižek , when he makes these claims regarding ethical consumerism and recycling , he may simply be seeking to highlight the danger that fetishising such activities has the potential to displace real action for a fundamental change in the system .
However , he is neither explicit enough in stating this , nor is he able to offer a concrete suggestion of what action individuals should be taking instead .
Žižek has a background in Lacanian psychoanalysis and Hegelian philosophy , two subjects about which I currently have very limited knowledge .
I suspect that within Hegelian philosophy he may have found some reason to suppose that he can answer the epistemological and ontological questions I raised earlier ; and that , from a perspective of psychoanalysis , he may feel able to justify claims about pleasure as a fundamental motive in decision making , or contend that many decisions are made at an unconscious level and are therefore not subject to rationality or conscious ‘ will ’ .
( In fact , on my shelf in front of me as I write this I have his 1992 book , ‘ For They Know Not What They Do : Enjoyment as a Political Factor ’ , which I have not yet read , but I anticipate may address these issues . )
Though he did n’t mention it in this LSE lecture , I am interested in Žižek ’s previous references to the revolutionary potential of an ‘ materialist theology ’ .
However , in his consideration of the guilt of consumerism — and in using phrases such as , ‘ buy your redemption ’ — Žižek is at times very close to reactivating the Christian notion of sin , with capitalism taking the place of the Devil as a transcendent evil .
Again , making such a claim — which appears to depend on establishing the underlying essence of a system — requires answering the ontological and epistemological questions raised earlier .
Unless these can be answered it cannot be said that capitalism is evil in essence , nor consumerism sinful , but rather that their evil exists in their negative effects ( as much as these can be separated out and attributed to capitalism , as opposed to other human failings ) .
If it were possible to negate these effects then such a negation would not simply buy off guilt ; it would eliminate any need to feel guilty in the first place .
‘ Capitalism with a human face ’ ( as Žižek mentions as seemingly the limits of contemporary left ’s imagination ) would genuinely be a solution in itself .
This is not to say that such an elimination of negative effects is possible within capitalism .
Nor does it prove that radical transformation of the system is not the only way to achieve such an end .
It is simply a reminder that whatever remedy may be posed , it will be successful only to the extent that enacting it removes these negative effects ( without creating new ones to replace them ) , rather than through the overthrow of the phantom essence of a system .
If radical transformation of the capitalist system is necessary , such a transformation must be immanent — negating the specific evils of the capitalist system in the new system ( capitalist or otherwise ) that is born from the transformation .
Measured against capitalism defined as a transcendent evil , all individual acts appear superstitious .
Tetrahedron , LLC
Health Science Communication for People Around the World
BREAKING NEWS FEATURE
Contact : Rhonda Goade–310-877-3002 ; info@healthyworldaffiliates.com
This article explains what is really happening in the Gulf of Mexico , who is really responsible for the explosion , and how the devastation serves investment bankers .
These globalists sway stocks , create markets , and planned this crisis , among a series of catastrophies , to advance geopolitical and financial agendas .
Introduction
WAR has been declared against We The People .
Yet , there is no country or military present to defend us .
Covert infiltrations and corruptions in governments by the “ Rothschild League ” of bankers and “ private equity investors ” now poison our bodies , minds , and planet .
Yet , appropriate military and / or militia defenses are prohibited .
Crisis - capitalists are petrochemically massacring us and our environment .
They have deployed propaganda–mass media deception –to camouflage their real intentions and vast destruction .
The air we breathe , food we eat , and water we drink , has been polluted to deliver profitable diseases and planned depopulation , simulating a “ scorched earth policy ” of war .
Citizens ’ arrests , grand jury investigations , criminal indictments , and war crime prosecutions are urgently needed , yet financially forbidden .
Generalized fear , depression , fatigue , and apathy is incapacitating our defenses , aiding the adversaries , and predisposing us to diseases and early deaths .
Based on the following irrefutable facts , the so - called “ accidental explosion ” in the Gulf is a Transocean / Halliburton / British Petroleum / Goldman - Sachs attack — the latest in a series of unspeakable war crimes perpetrated by Anglo - American State of Rothschild League bankers .
Definition and Function of War
WAR has been defined as “ a contest between nations or states , carried on by force , . . . for the extension of commerce , . . . for obtaining and establishing the superiority and dominion of one over the other . ”
Consider the fact that “ it takes money to make money . ”
Across civilization today , if you want to buy a property or grow a business , most people need to take loans from banks .
In fact , the primary way that Nations , States , and civilians advance economically is contracted or underwritten by the banking industry .
Similarly , war is nearly always financed by banks and , allegedly , repaid by taxes .
As you read the following facts , consider these methods by which We The People are now nightmarishly enslaved by a usury system of rampant con-sum ( p ) - tion .
( A word that used to mean degeneration by terminal illness ; a sum total “ con . ” )
Consider the “ investment bankers ” who steward the stock - markets and care nearly nil about how many species are going extinct , including possibly our own .
Then reflect on this quote by poet Dorothy Parker :
“ If you want to know what God thinks about money , just look at the people He gives it to . ”
Today , besides generating profit as proven below , the Rothschild League , that has held dominion over our global economy for centuries , expands it ’s mass - mind manipulation , depopulation , and environmental destruction for protection against We The People .
After all , we are slowly awakening like a sleeping giant .
Our rebuke threatens their plan for complete global control .
30 Chilling Facts Proving We The People Are Under Attack , in an Undeclared War , With the Rothschild League of Bankers :
1 ) The media is grossly censoring the extent of the devastation in the Gulf .
The poisons–oil and chemical dispersant ( Corexit ) –are destined to spread globally , but honest reporting is restricted , and independent investigators are being arrested .
This censorship is a sure sign of fascism–not freedom or democracy .
In this way , the media , financially directed by leading investment bankers ( cited below ) , accomplices this global poisoning , or omnicide .
( Click here for an example of more accurate reporting from the Gulf by an independent news source . )
2 ) The news and network “ programming ” is mind - controlling propaganda issued by the “ partners ” in the Rothschild League of Banks including Goldman - Sachs , JPMorgan - Chase and UBS that direct BP , Transocean , Halliburton , the clean - up capitalists , Corexit suppliers , even the trailers used by clean - up crews , through co-investors heavily represented in the Partnership for New York City ( PFNYC ) , founded by David Rockefeller and chartered by the Royal Family of England .
All together , these partners wield the most formidable economic power in world history .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
3 ) Ongoing worsening environmental pollution has been a primary objective of these Rothschild League financiers since at least the 1960s , according to their leaked economic agenda .
Destroying the environment , thus creating new global threats for remediation markets and emergency management is unconscionable , but very real .
This has become a viable alternative to traditional warfare securing profitable population control through crisis capitalism .
4 ) The Gulf oil catastrophe reflects this one of three major financially - sustaining war substitutes .
Currently , less urgent than environmental destruction is space - based threats ( e.g. , solar flares , alien menaces , and colliding asteroids ) .
The third , and least apparent profitable war substitute is petrochemical - pharmaceutical enslavement .
All three of these incentives and objectives for global governance , emergency preparedness , and profitable military and Homeland Security responses , “ carries the weight of . . . considerable actual sacrifice of life . ”
( Quote from The Report From Iron Mountain–a scholarly , serious , non-fiction , non-satirical leaked worked claimed by Rothschild League banking cartel propagandists , including media pundits , to be a satire . )
5 ) The propaganda ploy used most effectively in the Gulf , and in all crises , is to blame illusory villains to create sham debates .
When Obama is blamed for the oil crisis , for instance , the “ accident ” faults Democrats .
When Halliburton is blamed , the Republicans feel faulted .
This divisive diversion suckers masses of idiots , discredits the media ’s intelligence , and shames people who still claim we have a “ free ” and “ responsible ” press .
6 ) The Deepwater Horizon ( Mississippi Canyon 252 ) oil rig that exploded is the property of Transocean , not British Petroleum ( BP ) ; and both companies are financially directed by Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase , and UBS investment bankers , all operating in the Rothschild League of banks .
7 ) Coincidentally , or demonically , the oil rig ’s failed cementation job exploded on Hitler ’s birthday , just in time to poison Earth Day 2010 , thanks to Transocean ’s contractor –the infamous Dick Cheney / George Bush officiated Halliburton Company allied with Homeland Security .
8 ) Halliburton officials admit knowing their cementation job was likely to explode just when it did , according to Congressional testimony .
9 ) Goldman Sachs ( GS ) officials , likewise , knew the rig was likely to explode when it did .
They bet millions of dollars on this event only days before it happened !
( Lloyd Blankfein , CEO of GS , directed 44 % ( 4.6 million shares ) of BP stock to be dumped three weeks before the explosion .
10 ) Not surprisingly , Transocean was merged into its current corporate state by Goldman - Sachs ( a.k.a. , “ Government Sachs ” ) in 2007 .
11 ) David Sidwell , Risk Committee Chairman of UBS , the wealthiest Swiss bank ( in the Rothschild League or alliance of so - called “ competing ” banks ) and the world ’s largest wealth manager , also dumped BP stocks massively ( i.e. , 99 % of the banks holdings , or 2.1 million shares , ) as did Wachovia / Wells Fargo .
12 ) BP Oil CEO Tony Hayward sold 1/3 of his BP stock ( 223,288 shares ) on March 17 –a month before the explosion .
13 ) Just prior to 9/11 , you may recall , Goldman Sachs did the same with airline stocks ; and before the Gulf catastrophe , GS shorted mortgage company stocks , fueling the real estate collapse in America .
New Shocking Facts :
14 ) The Management Boards of the Eurex Stock Exchanges and the Executive Board of Germany ’s Eurex Clearing AG decided , on April 14 , 2010 , to introduce an equity option on shares of Transocean Ltd , effective on the day of the explosion , April 20 , 2010 .
This gave inside traders a full day to dump their “ uninsured ” stock in Transocean at the highest price possible ( before the rest of Wall Street responded to the explosion ) .
Then the crisis capitalists were able to reinvest their funds securing the higher price value .
These officials published zero reason for Transocean ’s new equity option program that encouraged banking criminals to use “ protective puts ” to make millions .
In other words , by paying a relatively small premium ( compared to the soon - to - be plunging market value of Transocean stock ) , the Rothschild Leaguers knew no matter how far the stock dropped , it could be sold at the original “ strike price ” ( also called the “ put option ” ) anytime before April 20 , 2012 .
This additionally evidences premeditated murder , and the financial motives of the Swiss / German banking chiefs influencing Europe ’s most active stock exchanges .
These inside traitors and industrial sabateurs , financially controlling Transocean , Halliburton , and BP , committed the gravest environmental crime of all time , with obvious plans to profit from the mass murdering of people and destruction of the Gulf .
15 ) This was how money was made from the obvious sabotage .
After UBS sold its 2.1 million shares of BP , prior to the explosion , the “ put option ” policy on BP stock was similarly exercised when UBS bought back 8.6 million BP shares by June 7 .
16 ) Transocean Vice President of Marketing , Terry Bonno , met UBS officials on May 27 , 2010 , according to a heavily censored Thompson Reuter ’s report and transcript .
( CLICK HERE to read it . )
The “ Ultra - Deepwater market will start to pick up longer - term , ” Bonno encouraged banking officials .
17 ) So within weeks of the explosion the Rothschild League of investment bankers were yelling “ Buy !
Buy !
Buy !
BP stock , ” stating the costs for clean - up were miniscule compared to what their investments and company profits would earn .
18 ) This quote detailed the BP - banking - stock - jocks ’ plot : “ Buying shares today while writing $ 55 calls and “ puts ” for the January 2012 expiration allows for an outstanding cash - on - cash return if BP merely bounces back by 14 % over the next 21 months .
In a best case you ’ll net 98 % total returns on the actual cash outlay ( assuming you write the puts against paid - up marginable equity already held in your margin - type account ) . ”
( Editor ’s Note : Can you imagine the psychopathology , blind ignorance , and murderous greed of investing , or reinvesting , in these companies that are killing us and our planet ? )
19 ) Much like the instantly manufactured equity investment option created for Transocean right before the explosion , BP ’s stock insurance plan secured the ongoing devastation in the Gulf with this financial promise : “ In a worst case scenario you ’ll end up with twice the number of BP ADRs at an average cost of $ 42.64 or less , ” stock gurus promoted .
“ That ’s lower than the annual lows for BP during the entire period 2004 right through 2007 . ”
Proud Profiteers in Media Magic
The wizards of oil , pulling the strings behind the media ’s propaganda , are best exemplified by Goldman Sachs ’s CEO , Lloyd Blankfein .
Lloyd merged , and still largely controls , ABC / Disney and Miramax .
Blankfein ’s partner , co-chairing the PFNYC , is Rupert Murdoch , controlling FOX News , Time - Warner , Associated Press , News Corp and much more .
Another partner in this David Rockefeller - founded PFNYC cabal is Thompson Reuters chairman , Thomas Glocer .
The PFNYC was responsible for financial reconciliations from 9 - 11 , and “ veering ” World Trade Center reconstruction money from New York to Las Vegas through Apollo Management ’s MGM private equity investments .
( Apollo co-owns Nalco / Corexit with Goldman Sachs . )
The PFNYC was chartered by Britain ’s Royal family , bringing NBC / Comcast into their stead , as well as the General Electric company .
Last but not least , CBS owner , Sumner Murray Rothstein ( Redstone ) , joined the clique through his CBS - Viacom stable of companies .
20 ) The Halliburton cementation job ’s sabotage , and resulting oil hemorrhage in the Gulf , served perfectly , synchronously and financially , to “ veer ” media attention away from Lloyd Blankfein’s / Goldman - Sachs ’s shorting of the American housing market , accelerating the planned economic collapse of the USA for the forthcoming New World Order ’s “ New Deal . ”
Review from last newsletters . . . .
In case you missed our last shocking newsletter ( June 10 , 2010 ) , we were the first in the world to expose Peter Sutherland , the man standing with one foot in Goldman - Sachs , and the other on the burning Transocean - Halliburton - BP oil rig , as being the Consultor of the Extraordinary Section of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See .
In other words , Sutherland is the chief financial adviser to the Pope .
Holy Spirit - filled Catholics are encouraged to petition the Vatican to denounce Mr. Sutherland immediately .
In 2010 , Mr. Sutherland finished a 13 - year stint as Chairman of BP , Europe ’s largest oil company .
A former Attorney General of Ireland , he is President of the Federal Trust for Education and Research , a British think tank whose efforts might better be called corporatist indoctrination than trustworthy “ education . ”
He is Chairman of The Ireland Fund of Great Britain , and a member of the advisory council of Business for New Europe–a pro-New - World - Order European think - tank based in Britain .
From 1993 - 95 , Sutherland was the Director - General of the World Trade Organization .
In January 2006 , the current Non-executive Chairman of Goldman Sachs International , was appointed by United Nations Secretary General , Kofi Annan , as his Special Representative for Migration .
Featured Upcoming Events and Presentations
COLUMBIA GORGE INTERNATIONAL
FILM FESTIVAL
Washugal , Washington , USA
Join the Dr. Leonard Horowitz & investigative journalist , Sherri Kane , at the film festival :
August 20 - 22nd , 2010
Admission is by donation to help defray the costs .
( Sorry , no children due to Penn Jillette ’s foul mouth ! )
For more info .
Visit : www.washougalfilmfest.org or call : 561-676-4696
_____________________________________
Life - Saving Opportunities :
Healthy World Affiliates Webinar and Seminar August 7th , Online or Live in Laguna Beach , CA .
REGISTER by CLICKING HERE
Join Our Affiliate Coop Now !
Click the banner .
A 2 - minute sign up gives you a turn key e-commerce website valued at nearly $ 10 K .
PHARMAWHORES THEATER SHOWINGS .
YOU ARE INVITED TO CO - HOST THIS TERRIFIC EVENT IN YOUR COMMUNITY !
Contact your local ( independent ) movie theater owners to schedule community showings of PHARMAWHORES : The SHOWTIME Sting of Penn & Teller .
This is a money - making opportunity for them , AND YOU–an excellent opportunity for building your Healthy World Affiliates business , by organizing these showings .
You can also contact your local radio stations to gift them FREE TICKETS to give - away for promoting the screenings .
EVERYONE WINS !
Because we sign the station up as an Affiliate in your referral network !
Also , contact your local community cable television network , and have them schedule PharmaWhores after the children are in bed .
( The film is not rated , but contains Penn Jillette ’s foul language . )
CONTACT CONFERENCE COORDINATORS
in your area to request that Dr. Horowitz present at their next meeting , AND show PHARMAWHORES .
The event planner must provide a booth and a preferred speaking time .
This is our way of helping you .
. . .
You assist at the booth , and promote your affiliate site , sign people up in your network , and we will also give you 10 % or all money made from sales .
WOW !
You can make several thousand dollars for a few hours of work , AND have a residual income from your sign - ups .
HELP WANTED CALL 310-877-3002
Fashion Rep : Preferably located in Southern California or Idaho .
We seek an intern or recent graduate who has sales and marketing experience , and is interested in helping to market , and learning about , 528 healing fashions .
The position is mainly commission based .
The candidate would be contacting buyers by phone and in person .
Design experience and a good understanding of music is a plus .
Social Network Marketer :
Experience with promoting websites , blogging , and all of the Social Network Marketing sites , such as FaceBook , You Tube , LinkedIn , Twitter , etc. Salary commensurate with productivity .
Change is happening faster in business today than ever before in history .
Communication , technology , entertainment , sport , medicine , research , finance and law – all industries are innovating to stay relevant in quick - morphing markets .
As C - suite , director or leader within your business , continued success depends now on remaining aware , up - skilled , and brave as ideas , work cultures and strategies evolve .
If you ’ve reached a point in your professional life where you recognize that the knowledge that got you here is not the knowledge that ’s going to get you there … it may well be time for you to expand your ideas with a one - off or regular executive coaching conversation .
Whatever the areas – personal , professional or a mix of both – the agenda and outcomes we ’ll work towards will always be yours .
Each coaching conversation is designed for you , in whatever corporate role you ’re in , to gain more clarity , peace - of - mind and confidence to take action .
Coaching for business leaders is now as culturally normal as men on paternity leave , ideas trumping hierarchy , and flexible working hours .
If you ’re ready for speedy change and want to borrow a brain to find the widest perspective before focusing on what you really want , please pick up the phone now and get in touch .
You can contact me for a no - charge 15 - minute first conversation before deciding if you ’d like to move forward and work together .
Call or email me now to set up a time .
Global warming is turning 35 !
Not only has the current spate of global warming been going on for about 35 years now , but also the term “ global warming ” will have its 35th anniversary next week .
On 8 August 1975 , Wally Broecker published his paper “ Are we on the brink of a pronounced global warming ? ” in the journal Science .
That appears to be the first use of the term “ global warming ” in the scientific literature ( at least it ’s the first of over 10,000 papers for this search term according to the ISI database of journal articles ) .
In this paper , Broecker correctly predicted “ that the present cooling trend will , within a decade or so , give way to a pronounced warming induced by carbon dioxide ” , and that “ by early in the next century [ carbon dioxide ] will have driven the mean planetary temperature beyond the limits experienced during the last 1000 years ” .
He predicted an overall 20th Century global warming of 0.8 ºC due to CO 2 and worried about the consequences for agriculture and sea level .
Global temperature up to June 2010 according to the NASA GISS data .
Grey line is the 12 - month running average , red dots are annual - mean values .
The thick red line is a non -linear trend line .
Broecker of course did not have these data available , not even up to 1975 , since this global compilation was only put together in the late 1970s ( Hansen et al. 1981 ) .
He had to rely on more limited meteorological data .
To those who even today claim that global warming is not predictable , the anniversary of Broecker ’s paper is a reminder that global warming was actually predicted before it became evident in the global temperature records over a decade later ( when Jim Hansen in 1988 famously stated that “ global warming is here ” ) .
Broecker is one of the great climatologists of the 20th Century : few would match his record of 400 scientific papers , a full sixty of which have over 100 citations each !
Interestingly , his “ global warming ” paper is not amongst those highly - cited ones , with “ only ” 79 citations to date .
Broecker is most famous for his extensive work on paleoclimate and ocean geochemistry .
It is very instructive to see how Broecker arrived at his predictions back in 1975 – not least because even today , many lay people incorrectly assume that we attribute global warming to CO 2 basically because temperature and CO 2 levels have both gone up and thus correlate .
Broecker came to his prediction at a time when CO 2 had been going up but temperatures had been going down for decades – but Broecker ( like most other climate scientists at the time , and today ) understood the basic physics of the issue .
Basically his prediction involved just three simple steps that in essence are still used today .
Step 1 : Predict future emissions
Broecker simply assumed a growth in fossil fuel CO 2 emissions of 3 % per year from 1975 onwards .
With that , he arrived at cumulative fossil CO 2 emissions of 1.67 trillion tons by the year 2010 ( see his Table 1 ) .
Not bad : the actual emissions turned out to be about 1.3 trillion tons ( Canadell et al , PNAS 2007 – estimate extended to 2010 by me ) .
A shortcoming , from the modern point of view , is that Broecker did not include other anthropogenic greenhouse gases or aerosol particles in his calculations .
He does however discuss aerosols , which he calls “ dust ” .
In fact , the first sentence of the abstract ( quoted above ) in full starts with an if - statement :
If man -made dust is unimportant as a major cause of climate change , then a strong case can be made that the present cooling trend will , within a decade or so , give way to a pronounced warming induced by carbon dioxide .
That is a nod to the discussion about aerosol - induced cooling in the early 1970s .
Broecker rightly writes :
It is difficult to determine the significance of the next most important climatic effect induced by man , “ dust ” , because of uncertainties with regard to the amount , the optical properties and the distribution of man-made particles ,
citing a number of papers by Steve Schneider and others .
Because he cannot quantify it , he leaves out this effect .
Here luck was on Broecker ’s side : the warming by other greenhouse gases and the cooling by aerosols largely cancel today , so considering only CO 2 leads to almost the same radiative forcing as considering all anthropogenic effects on climate ( see IPCC AR4 , Fig. SPM.2 ) .
Table 1 of Broecker ( 1975 )
Step 2 : Predict future concentrations
To go from the amount of CO 2 emitted to the actual increase in the atmosphere , one needs to know what fraction of the emissions remains in the air : the “ airborne fraction ” .
Broecker simply assumed , based on past data of emissions and CO 2 concentrations ( Keeling ’s Mauna Loa curve ) , that the airborne fraction is a constant 50 % .
I.e. , about half of our fossil fuel emissions accumulates in the atmosphere .
That is still a good assumption today , if you look at the observed CO 2 increase as fraction of fossil fuel emissions .
Broecker calculated that about 35 % of the emissions is taken up by the ocean and the other 15 % by the biosphere ( again not far from modern values , see Canadell et al . ) .
On this basis he argued that if the ocean is the main sink , the airborne fraction would remain almost constant for the decades to come ( his calculations extend to the year 2010 ) .
Thus , with a 3 % increase in emissions per year and 50 % of that remaining airborne , it is easy to compute the increase in CO 2 concentrations .
He obtains an increase from 295 to 403 ppm from 1900 to 2010 .
The actual value in 2010 is 390 ppm , a little lower than Broecker estimated because his forecast cumulative emissions were a little too high .
Step 3 : Compute the global temperature response
Now we come to the temperature response to increased CO 2 concentration .
Broecker writes :
The response of the global temperature to the atmospheric CO 2 content is not linear .
As the CO 2 content of the atmosphere rises , the absorption of infrared radiation will “ saturate ” over an ever greater portion of the band .
Rasool and Schneider point out that the temperature increases as the logarithm of the atmospheric CO2 concentration .
Based on this logarithmic relationship ( still valid today ) Broecker assumes a climate sensitivity of 0.3 ºC warming for each 10 % increase in CO2 concentration , which amounts to 2.2 ºC warming for CO 2 doubling .
This is based on early calculations by Manabe and Wetherald .
Broecker writes :
Although surprises may yet be in store for us when larger computers and better knowledge of cloud physics allow the next stage of modeling to be accomplished , the magnitude of the CO 2 effect has probably been pinned down to within a factor of 2 to 4 .
The AR4 gives the uncertainty range of climate sensitivity as 2 - 4.5 ºC warming for CO 2 doubling , so there still is about a factor of 2 uncertainty and Broecker used a value near the very low end of this uncertainty range .
Modern estimates are not only based on model calculations but also on paleoclimatic and modern data ; the AR4 lists 13 studies that constrain climate sensitivity in its table 9.3 .
In Broecker ’s paper the warming calculated with the help of climate sensitivity happens instantaneously .
Today we know that the climate system responds with a time lag due to ocean thermal inertia .
By neglecting this , Broecker overestimated the warming at any given time ; accounting for thermal inertia would have reduced his warming estimate by about a third ( see AR4 Fig. SPM.5 ) .
But again he was lucky : picking ~ 2 ºC rather than the more likely ~3 ºC climate sensitivity compensates roughly for this , so his 20th - Century warming of 0.8 ºC is almost spot on ( the actual estimate being closer to 0.7 ºC , see Fig. above ) .
( A modern version of this back - of - envelope warming calculation is found e.g. in our book Our Threatened Oceans , p.82 . )
Natural Variability
Broecker was not the first to predict CO 2 - induced warming .
In 1965 , an expert report to US President Lyndon B. Johnson had warned : “ By the year 2000 , the increase in carbon dioxide will be close to 25 % .
This may be sufficient to produce measurable and perhaps marked changes in climate . ”
And in 1972 , a more specific prediction similar to Broecker ’s was published by the eminent atmospheric scientist J.S. Sawyer in Nature ( for a history in a nutshell , see my newspaper column here ) .
The innovation of Broecker ’s article – apart from introducing the term “ global warming ” – was in combining estimates of CO 2 warming with natural variability .
His main thesis was that a natural climatic cooling
has , over the last three decades , more than compensated for the warming effect produced by the CO 2 [….]
The present natural cooling will , however , bottom out during the next decade or so .
Once this happens , the CO 2 effect will tend to become a significant factor and by the first decade of the next century we may experience global temperatures warmer than any in the last 1000 years .
The latter turned out to be correct .
The idea that the small cooling from the 1940s to 1970s is due to natural variability still cannot be ruled out , although more likely this is a smaller part of the explanation and the cooling is primarily due to the “ dust ” neglected by Broecker , i.e. due to the rise of anthropogenic aerosol pollution ( Taylor and Penner , 1994 ) .
However , the way Broecker estimated and even predicted natural variability has not stood the test of time .
He used data from the Camp Century ice core in Greenland , arguing that these “ may give a picture of the natural fluctuations in global temperature over the last 1000 years ” .
Ironically , Broecker ’s own later work on Atlantic ocean circulation changes showed that Greenland is likely even less representative of global temperature changes than most other places on Earth , it being strongly affected by variability in ocean heat transport ( see our recent post on the Younger Dryas , or Broecker ’s latest book The Great Ocean Conveyor ) .
However , Broecker was right to conclude that the buildup of CO 2 would sooner or later overwhelm such natural climate variations .
Overall , Broecker ’s paper ( together with that of Sawyer ) shows that valid predictions of global warming were published in the 1970s in the top journals Science and Nature , and warming has been proceeding almost exactly as predicted for at least 35 years now .
Some important aspects were not understood back then , like the role of greenhouse gases other than CO 2 , of aerosol particles and of ocean heat storage .
That the predictions were almost spot - on involved an element of luck , since the neglected processes do not all affect the result in the same direction but partly cancel .
Nevertheless , the basic fact that rising CO 2 would cause a “ pronounced global warming ” , as Broecker put it , was well understood in the 1970s .
In a 1979 TV interview , Steve Schneider rightly described this as a consensus amongst experts , with controversy remaining about the exact magnitude and effects .
Reference
BROECKER WS , 1975 : CLIMATIC CHANGE – ARE WE ON BRINK OF A PRONOUNCED GLOBAL WARMING ?
SCIENCE Volume 189 , Pages 460-463 .
All the above and be interviewed on Green Racine TV show ( must be able to travel to Racine WI travel / hotel costs are your responsibility ) and tour of the Farm note the Farm is a working farm just under way it is not a Bed and Breakfast .
The land is in a poor state
Less
What makes an athlete fast may have more to do with body type than training .
Researchers from Duke University and Howard University think the secret may lie in the body 's center of gravity .
Their study , released online in the International Journal of Design and Nature and Ecodynamics , may explain why the fastest sprinters are usually black , while the fastest swimmers are usually white , a difference that goes back decades .
Though on the face of it this may seem like the differences are racial , the researchers believe they 're really biological .
Blacks , they note , tend to have a slightly higher center of gravity than whites , due to having longer limbs with smaller circumferences .
Because Asians and whites tend to have longer torsos , their centers of gravity are lower .
Those differences may translate into faster times in specific sports .
Looking at other studies on the human body , the researchers deemed that , on average , blacks have about a 3 % higher center of gravity than whites .
That may make black sprinters 1.5 % faster than white sprinters .
Using that formula , whites may have a similar advantage over blacks in swimming .
Asians may have an even greater advantage than whites in terms of center of gravity , they add , but that benefit is canceled out by the fact that they ’re usually not as tall as white swimmers .
" Locomotion is essentially a continual process of falling forward , " study co-author Adrian Bejan , in a news release .
" Mass that falls from a higher altitude falls faster .
In running , the altitude is set by the location of the center of gravity .
For the fastest swimmers , longer torsos allow the body to fall forward farther , riding the larger and faster wave . "
Bejan is a professor of engineering at Duke 's Pratt School of Engineering .
But the authors do n't ignore the role that environment , as well as biology , may play in what athletes excel at .
" When I grew up in South Carolina , we were discouraged from swimming , " Edward Jones , a co-author , said in a news release .
Jones , who teaches at Howard University and is black , added , " There was n't nearly as much encouragement for us as young people to swim as there was for playing football or basketball .
With the right encouragement , this does n't always have to be the case -- just look at the Williams sisters in tennis or Tiger Woods in golf . "
-- Jeannine Stein
Photo : Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt , left , is an Olympic medalist and world record holder .
Photo credit : Fabrice Coffrini / AFP / Getty Images
Heartbreaking pictures of the Chinese toddlers tied up all day because their parents can't afford child care
Bewildered and tethered to a window these Chinese children reflect the desperate plight faced by migrant workers in the world 's most populous country .
Unable to afford even the most rudimentary child care , the parents have to bring their youngsters to work with them .
These images were taken in a factory in the city of Jiaxing in the south east of the country where the parents toil for ten hours a day .
There are an estimated 110 million migrant workers in China aged between 16 and 40 years old .
The parents of these youngsters work in the factory while their children are tied to a workshop window to keep them safe
The youngsters stretch the rubber cords and meet where they can play together .
The cords are tied to the iron bars above them
Tethered but safe : A child sits on a mat of dried water reeds patiently waiting for his father to complete his day 's work
But there is no creche where the children can be dropped off .
Which means the youngsters come on to the shop floor , where anxious parents use lengths of rubber to tie the children to iron bars on the windows .
And there they are left - safe from traffickers or thieves , but with absolutely nothing to do other than watch mother or father work and shuffle as far as the rubber rope allows them .
The pictures , taken in Zhejiang province , recalled the heart - breaking plight of Jingdan , a two - year - old boy chained to a lamp post in Beijing in February .
His father Chen Chuanliu works as an unlicensed rickshaw cyclist , taking fares all over the city , while the boy 's disabled mother collects rubbish at the roadside .
Like the children in the factory he was tethered to prevent him from wandering off .
This youngster contents himself playing with scraps on the floor as a worker look on
A tearful youngster waits for his parents .
Migrant workers are unable to afford proper child care so they take their youngsters to work with them
Concerned passers - by spotted Jingdan outside a shopping mall who then reported his father to the authorities , who ordered him to remove the chain .
A local nursery boss saw the story and offered to give the boy three years of free child care .
' The nursery fees will be paid by me , which amounts to about 40,000 yuan ( £ 3,725 ) , ' said the president of the Aibei Kindergarten , a man known as Mr Pi .
What little money the boy 's father earns goes on rent , food and health care , which is expensive despite the hospitals being state - owned in Communist China .
There ’s also the country ’s obsession with legal paperwork , which makes nursery care for the children of migrant workers a huge problem in China .
' The biggest problem for Jingdan now is that he does not have a Beijing hukou , the permanent Beijing residence document , ' explained Mr Pi .
' According to China 's laws , the boy and his family have no rights to free health or education and other social security benefits because they are from out of town . '
Chained : Two - year - old Chen Chuanliu was padlocked to a tree while his rickshaw driver father touts for customers in Beijing .
After the picture was published a nursery boss offered the boy free childcare
The New iPhone is Out… Android Still Kicks A $ $
Well lookie here .
The PC bashing giant Apple released their new hot summer toy : the iPhone 4G .
Sure we could point to the iTampon , oops , I mean iPad but it ’s mostly just a glorified iPhone with a giant screen .
In any case , I must say the iPhone has gotten quite the revamp .
Now it has HD recording at 720 p , video calling , a very high resolution screen at 640×960 , a 1GHz processor , expanded battery life and storage .
Pretty impressive to say the least .
So , here is the aching question … how does today ’s android devices stack up ?
Just take a look below to compare the specs of the various top Android phones to the iPhone :
Spec comparison
Apple iPhone 4 HTC EVO 4G Motorola Droid X Google Nexus One HTC Droid Incredible Carrier AT&T Sprint Verizon T - Mobile Verizon Price ( with 2 year contract ) 16GB $ 199 ; 32 GB $ 299 $ 199.99 $ 199.99 $ 179.00 $ 199.99 Display Size 3.5 - inch Retina Display 4.3-inch WVGA OLED 4.3- inch WVGA 3.7 - inch WVGA AMOLED 3.7- inch WVGA OLED Display Resolution 640 x 960 480×800 480 x 854 480 x 800 480 x 800 Processor Apple A4 , 1GHz Qualcomm QSD8650 , 1 GHz Texas Instruments ARM , 1 GHz Qualcomm QSD8250 , 1 GHz Qualcomm QSD8650 , 1 GHz Camera 5 megapixels 8 megapixels 8 megapixels 5 megapixels 8 megapixels Included Storage 16 or 32 GB 8 GB 24 GB ( 8 GB internal , 16 GB microSD ) 4 GB 8 GB Expandable ( Max ) Storage None 32 GB microSD 40 GB ( 8 GB internal , up to 32 GB microSD ) 32 GB microSD 16 GB microSD Battery ( Talk Time ) 420 minutes 360 minutes 480 minutes 420 minutes 312 minutes Battery ( Standby ) 300 hours Unknown 220 hours 250 hours 146 hours Weight 137 grams 170 grams 155 grams 130 grams 130 grams Height 115.2 mm 121.9 mm 127.5 mm 119 mm 117.6 mm Width 58.6 mm 66 mm 65.5 mm 59.8 mm 58.4 mm Depth 9.3 mm 12.7 mm 9.9 mm 11.5 mm 11.9 mm
Courtesy of Greg Mombert at DigitalTrends.com
You can see the winner of each category highlighted in bold .
If you also counted which phone had the most wins you ’d see that the iPhone and Droid X tied with 6 each .
Now there are other things to consider beyond the things listed in each category like carrier coverage , OS cabilities / customization , support , and extras .
Apple support is probably one of the best out there , I mean you could spit in these people ’s faces and they ’d come back and say , “ Please sir may I have another . ”
Of course that is so long as you stay within the realms of Apple land , that is do n’t Jail Break your phone or try to use non apple products with your device .
In terms of extras things like the iPhone ’s new video calling feature is intriguing , but it only can be used with Wi -Fi for now and of course other 4th generation iPhone ’s which makes it more of a gimmick until a good majority get a iPhone 4 .
Now going back to the other important features which are carrier coverage and customization / OS capabilities Android is the hands down winner .
Going on to cellular providers , people for years now have felt very limited by AT&T ’s network Apple may have more applications for now ( it keeps getting higher and Apple had a 1 1 / 2 year head start on Android ) but that will only continue to grow .
Also , since apps are not limited the same way on the Android Market Place as they are in Apple ’s App Store , Android can have a greater variety of apps without censorship .
This leads me to my most important point which is OS capabilities .
The Android OS is the most important piece of the puzzle because first of all it is where the name comes from and what allows the phone to be so feature rich .
It can function on a variety of platforms , phones , carriers , and even PC’s .
The Android OS is an open platform which means anyone can work it and improve it .
Various cellular carries like Verizon and T - Mobile can work with the OS leaving you with more choices and with a plethora of different devices to select from .
This openness supports constant improvement to the core Android system and hardware available to it leading only to better phones in a faster period of time , and with phones catered to a variety of people whether they be looking for a decent cheap phone , media phone , or a powerhouse .
I just call it as I see it .
Apple makes a great product but it ca n’t meet everyone ’s needs the way Android can whether it be price , coverage , style , functions , or some other fifth thing .
If any of you all have something I may have missed please let me know or just share your opinion of these comparisons .
I zombie - walk into the back of the hall , to have Doublefine ’s industry - legendtm Tim Schafer on stage saying something along the lines of “ You always have something to learn about hard drinking from the British ” .
As a pallid spirit powered solely by the ghost of spirits , I fear he has nothing to learn from me – bar , do n’t do it .
However , we do learn from him – not least , the first information of the four ( count ’em ! ) games Doublefine are working on .
Schafer basically tells the story of Doublefine so far , which has stretched ten years so far , leading to a total of two games – Psychonauts and Brutal Legend .
They existed primarily as a one game studio , which lead to a mass of problems .
The cash - flow issues around games only coming out so irregularly .
The limited career advancement possibilities .
“ They have to kill that lead programmer to advance – though that ’s not always a bad thing , ” notes Schafer , before noting that homicide inside the staff does tend to hit morale hard .
And imagine what it ’ll be like to be working on a metalhead - based game for four years when you ’re not the biggest metalhead in the world .
As well as that , there ’s the aspect of the publisher relationships .
Getting a big enough advance to lead to the proverbial AAA game is tricky – it normally leads to less risky games and giving up the IP rights .
Also , there ’s the changing nature of the staff at a publisher .
Executives who loved your game may leave , which challenges its possible future .
Doublefine has managed to achieve a 100 % being dropped by publishers , going through four of them – though , as Schafer notes , since they still exist , so maybe there ’s a business plan there after all .
Doublefine ’s future was buried in a break in development where , to enliven things , they split the company into four teams , each of who had two weeks to make an actual game .
They experimented with team structure , with leaders or no leaders .
They did it .
And they were fun and the team found themselves motivated .
And then returned to Brutal Legend .
After that , there was another quick go at the 2 - week game thing … when a momentous phone - call came .
They were previously told it was a done - deal that they ’d be doing a Brutal Legend 2 .
The phone - call said that actually , they ’d changed their minds .
They were n’t going to do a Brutal Legend 2 .
“ When they said it was a done deal , they meant there ’s no deal – and we ’re done , ” adds Schafer .
Dark times for Doublefine , with the team considering stripping down .
In the end , they returned to those quickly - made games , and with the best four , started taking them to publishers .
And within a few months , all four of them got deals .
Doublefine had , via necessity , took a jump into a whole new way of doing things .
And it ’s suiting Schafer and the teams .
Rather than a one - game company , they ’re now a multi - game company .
People can now move between teams .
People can now work on shorter development cycles – something which Schafer , the Lucasarts veteran , is somewhat nostalgic for .
On the publisher side , when a budget is sub - 2 - million , they ’re more willing to take chances – and to let the developer keep the IP .
Hell , even the staff - changing at the publisher is less of a problem .
By the time the new boss gets the idea of cancelling the game , it ’ll probably already be on the shelves .
Ca n’t take it back now .
Schafer opened with talking to the people who were working on Casablanca .
What was it like ?
Well , it was just another film .
They did something like 50 in the year .
Point being , you do n’t know which game may blow up – and more chances is better , as far as Doublefine are concerned .
Also key is that it moves Schafer to more to a general cross - team facilitator and people who were leads now step up to be project leads .
The four teams and their heads ?
Lee Petty , the Art Director on Brutal Legend .
As such , the game ’s heavily aesthetic showcase , with Schafer using words like “ retro ” and “ beautiful ” .
Nathan Martz , the Brutal Legend lead programmer .
It ’s described as technically cutting edge , but accessible .
Brad Muir , one of the Brutal Legend Designers .
His interest on Brutal Legend focused on the combat and multiplayer , and the game apparently delves into that sort of mechanics showcase .
And finally the game headed by Tasha Harris , Brutal Legend Animator , ex-Senior Pixar Animator and creator of popular Littleloud Webcomics .
Amongst other things .
That ’s four games are basically in the next year or so – two traditional retail games and two downloadable ones .
Looking forward , Schafer also noted that it gives them a lot of flexibility .
They can carry on making small games ….
or they can combine and form a large team , if one of the IPs prove massively successful ( This strikes me as basically what Valve did with Portal .
A relatively small team on the first experimental game , exploded into a genuine full - team thing for the sequel ) .
There ’s an infrastructure there .
And while they ’re wedded to publishers at the moment , it ’s better to have relationships with multiple publishers , rather falling into a autonomy - stunting Parent / Child relationship .
And , they wo n’t rule out self - publishing .
“ I always think about self - publishing , ” says Schafer when asked , “ It would be an awesome thing to do , and the second we get some extra money we ’ll do that ”
So , excitement for Doublefine .
However , this has n’t been the talking point of the convention .
That ’s Schafer ’s quote to Eurogamer on the subject of Bobby Kotick : “ His obligation is to his shareholders .
Well , he does n’t have to be as much of a dick about it , does he ?
I think there is a way he can do it without being a total prick .
It seems like it would be possible .
It ’s not something he ’s interested in . ”
So , yes , that got talked about .
“ That was an accident , ” winces Schafer , “ I was going to change the name of the talk “ How to give interviews : Remember the microphone is on . ”
He went on to advises against burning those bridges .
Because this industry is small and people stay there forever .
He has what he describes as like the scene in Empire Strikes back where Solo walks in and finds Darth Vader .
Many times he ’s walked into a pitch - meeting which he ’s trying to sell the game and …
“ Oh shit !
Darth Vader is in the room ! ” .
It ’s someone he ’s previously offended .
So do n’t do that .
The people you hate will end up being around the industry forever .
As Schafer says : “ Only the cool people go away , ” .
( CNN ) -- The United Nations ' special coordinator for Middle East peace expressed his concerns Thursday over reports of Hamas breaking into charity offices in Gaza and closing them down , a statement said .
" This targeting of NGOs , including UN partner organizations , is unacceptable , violating accepted norms of a free society and harming the Palestinian people , " said Robert Serry , U.N. special coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process .
" The de facto authorities must cease such repressive steps and allow the re-opening of these civil society institutions without delay . "
Some 80 percent of Gaza residents receive aid from NGOs -- nongovernmental organizations -- because tight import restrictions put in place by Israel since Hamas took full control of the Palestinian territory in 2007 .
Israel considers Hamas a terrorist organization .
Hamas does not recognize Israel 's right to exist .
In 2010 a scandal that erupted when designer Mark Fast decided to use four plus - size models ( US sizes 8 - 10 ) in his catwalk show at London Fashion Week .
Protesting his decision , his stylist and creative director quit , leaving him just three days to find replacements .
The incident is a great example of how even relatively powerful figures ( e.g. , designers with catwalk shows ) often have to pay a price for deviating from cultural rules .
Designers are often criticized for only hiring waif - like models , but this shows that they do n’t get to do whatever they like without consequences .
While it ’s easy to condemn
Fast ’s stylist and creative director for walking out on him , the truth is that even being associated with deviance can bring consequences .
Sociologist Erving Goffman introduced the idea of the “ courtesy stigma ” to refer to the stigma that attaches to those who are merely associated with a stigmatized person .
A recent Grey ’s Anatomy episode dealt with exactly this idea in a story about the reaction to an attractive blonde married to an obese man .
Her willingness to stay with such a person was a source of curiosity and disbelief .
Similarly , siblings of the mentally ill or mothers of children with attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder might suffer courtesy stigma when people wonder if the mental illness is genetic or the parenting is bad , respectively .
So , while it ’s tempting to say that Fast ’s employees hold reprehensible ideological beliefs ( a hatred or intolerance for “ plus - size ” women ) , it ’s also possible that they thought being associated with the show could hurt their chances of success in a very competitive career .
In an industry that stigmatizes fat so powerfully , I can imagine it might be terrifying indeed to be seen as endorsing it .
Cite : Goffman , E. ( 1963 ) Stigma : Notes on the Management of Spoiled Identity .
Engelwood Cliffs , NJ : Prentice - Hall .
Originally posted in 2010 .
“ Dude , it sounds like so much fun !
Can I come out on tour with you guys ?
I swear I ’ll do whatever you need me to do , just let me come on the next one ! ”
If you have any plans to hit the road with your band , get ready to hear these words from just about everyone you ’ve ever known .
Going out on tour is awesome , but before you invite your old high - school beer - pong partner to come manage your tour , keep in mind that this is a business , and the less your crew does ( or knows ) , the more slack you will have to pick up yourself .
In the world of touring , less is often more .
Less people in the van , more comfort for those traveling inside .
Less equipment , better gas mileage and easier set - up / breakdown .
Less responsibility , more relaxation which leads to better performances .
The list goes on , but I ’d like to focus on the last example primarily .
For my first two tours , our personnel included band members and one merch guy .
Comfort and space during traveling was optimal and all was good .
But without a proper tour manager , there were many duties delegated between the 6 of us .
And not a single one of us had enough time or energy to take the reins , which resulted in problems like this :
BAND MEMBER A : “ Okay , who has our guarantee ? ”
Everyone looks around at each other with the “ Not my job ” look on their faces .
Arguing ensues .
Or problems like this :
Band pulls up to hotel at 3AM .
BAND MEMBER A : “ Someone go book the room . ”
BAND MEMBER B : “ Dude , I did it last time , tell BAND MEMBER C to do it . ”
BAND MEMBER C : “ Come on man !
I ’m not 21 , they wont let me do it , you do it ! ”
Arguing ensues .
To someone who has n’t spent time touring , these sound like silly , petty arguments .
But when you ’re living in such close quarters with people for months at a time , keeping a calm environment is beyond crucial .
Who wants to get on stage every night and play their heart out with the guy who booked the crabs - tastic Super 8 the previous night ?
But a tour manager ’s tasks seem menial , you say .
All you ’ve got to figure out is what time we play that night , the venue ’s name and location , whether there ’s WiFi or not , and what the nearest eating establishments were , right ?
Maybe throw in what city we ’re playing tomorrow ( in case we have friends in that city ) , and whether or not we ’re staying in town that night ( in case we want to make new ‘ friends ’ ) .
Why ca n’t my buddy from home do that ?
Because you do n’t realize how much more there is to take care of .
It was n’t until we hired a tour manager that we saw first hand how a tour was actually “ managed . ”
For example , do you know what back - end deals are when it comes to touring ?
We did n’t either .
In touring , a headliner will be paid a guarantee ( guaranteed payment , a sum decided before the tour ) every night , but if the show sells a certain number of tickets ( usually close to the capacity of the room ) , the band is then entitled to WAY more money .
Sounds great , right ?
It is .
But we found out the hard way that promoters are n’t always going to go out of their way to make sure you got what you were entitled to .
In other words , we packed up , said our goodbyes , and headed off to the next city on three or four separate occasions with our well - earned back - end money ( which we did n’t even know about , and which was sometimes close to $ 2,000 ) in the pockets of promoters .
If your culinary - school - bound best friend is going to be your tour manager , chances are you ’ll never find out about something like back - end .
But if you hire someone with a little experience , you can be sure he or she will never leave a city without putting every last cent you are owed into your lockbox .
There are also less obvious responsibilities .
There are politics in the touring world , and often times your tour manager acts as a representative of your band , whether it ’s in front of promoters , companies that endorse you , radio stations , or even the other tour managers on the tour .
Plus , if things ever go sour , do you really want to have to fire your best friend ?
We took friends out a couple times , but I always voted against it , simply because I ’m fine with reprimanding or setting a hired worker straight .
But it ’s much harder to be upfront when it ’s someone with whom you have a personal relationship with prior to the tour , because you are worried about their feelings .
So if you are thinking about hiring a friend as a crew member , consider just inviting them out for a few days rather than placing the responsibility in their lap .
Touring is only a party if your band ’s enjoying life on the road , and qualified crew members are essential for that to happen .
“ My answer to the question is No , ” says The Man , brushing off an attempt to suck up free booze by a generic female barfly .
That brief statement , pulled from a recent video installment of Bernard Chapin ’s Inferno , would seem to be something perfunctory and uncomplicated .
A Simple No , as it were .
But that particular kind of “ no ” is anything but simple for the average man .
In fact , men use it so sparingly in this situation , we rightly call it by the first letter .
It is the new “ N ” word .
And Chapin obviously thought it worthy of addressing .
While I am sure many men might shrug it off as no big deal , and many others will simply claim to , I have n’t known Bernard to waste his time on the extraneous .
He recognizes , as he is often prone to , what the world would prefer he did n’t .
In this case that men , particularly younger ones , are financial sitting ducks , and can be charmed from their hard earned money via innate biological vulnerabilities that almost any woman can exploit with a hint of feigned sexual interest .
Bernard points out quite accurately to a culture of female con artists and men that can only be described as easy marks in a carnival side show .
Step right up Gents , for the price of a few call liquors , or perhaps the good ladies car note , you too can imagine that her real intent is to turn your evening into an unbridled realization of your wildest sexual fantasies .
Thus sayeth P.T. Barnum himself : “ There ’s a man sucker born every minute . ”
And indeed there is , for if any man thinks that having sex with her is worth the price of a double shot of Hornitos , or that even if she puts out that it would actually end up being so inexpensive , he is indeed a sucker of the 24 karat variety .
All of this of course invites the even more questions about how to deal with the gender royalty and their steadfast belief that the sole purpose for men is to play endless rounds of Me Government , You Welfare Leech , whether that be for money , merchandise or free labor .
The only real difference is that men , unlike government , actually have to earn their money .
And this is where Bernard is giving us sage advice .
And where we , I dare assert , should pick up his message and carry it to as many young men as possible .
We have to start , not with women or young men , but with an older generation of men who are still enamored of their role as an ATM on a leash .
At least we have to start by dismissing nearly all their beliefs about women .
After all , who is it that is raising these young men to feel so financially obligated by rote ?
And who has been training women to expect this from men , every bit as much as their mothers ?
Yep , it ’s the male baby boomers ; the quintessential Daddy ’s Little Girl being one of their greatest legacies .
Did n’t these men ever figure out that Daddy ’s Little Girl always grows up to be Joe Average ’s Big Financial Drain and the darling of famiy court ?
While these dinosaurs are quickly fading by attrition , their other legacy - boys raised to sit up and beg , is the lingering enabler for the raging sense of entitlement their sons face in these women each and every day of their lives .
It was a sick set up to begin with , and now it is just ridiculous .
Tack it to the growing list of MRM “ Must do’s . ”
I am reminded of a time several years ago when I was walking through the parking lot of a hospital where I was contracting .
I passed a car with an open trunk and found a rather buxom nurse was standing there trying to manage a weighty looking box in the trunk .
I stopped to look and started to offer her a hand when she smiled at me and said , “ I need a big strong man to help me with this box . ”
And dig this , she actually shook her tits back and forth gently in unison with the words “ big – strong – man . ”
She did n’t take my answer very well , and she did n’t get the help I was about to offer her unsolicited before she tried to sexually manipulate me into playing step and fetch .
Now , I am sure that many would say that what she did was innocent .
In a way , that is true .
She was only doing what men have always responded to , what has always worked .
She was just another woman in the normal practice of a social disease .
But here is the point .
This is how women have always gotten what they wanted from men .
It may have made sense at some point , though I am not so sure .
What it boils down to now though is pure scheming .
When does the time come for men to start pointing out that pre-feminist manipulative behaviors from women , in a post feminist world , are just despicable and petty machinations of an overly entitled class of parasites ?
When do men put the word “ NO ” on a default setting as a response to sexual manipulation ?
My vote is today .
Hell , yesterday .
When it comes to the girl that Bernard describes in his video , there is only one difference between her and the ne ’er do well hanging in front of the convenience store panhandling for beer money .
Her turf is a lot wider and user friendly .
And she can work bars , with protections abounding , while he works the mean streets on his own , and at his own peril .
Eventually the cops will run the male “ bum ” off .
And later on , when they are off duty , you might just find those same cops reaching for wallets instead of night sticks when princess hits them up for her free drunk at the local tavern .
The male panhandler fears police .
The female panhandler can drink on their dime .
So the message today ?
Say NO young man .
Say it often and say it like you mean it .
If you want to take her home , let some other guy get her drunk for you first .
She may leech off a mark , but she is n’t really attracted to him .
Besides , anyone who so lacks dignity as to walk up to a stranger and demand free drinks , is n’t worth the price of domestc beer .
Welcome to
For Writers of Mathematics
Counting in Separate Realms
Perfect Numbers Concise
Exponential Prime Power Representation
For Writers on Mathematics and Science
Perfect Numbers Concise
The Fermat - Wiles Theorem
Why is .999 ... = 1 ?
Geometry
Huge Factors of Enormous Integers
Counting Faces on n-dimensional Hypercubes
phi ( sigma ( n ) ) = sigma ( phi ( n ) )
Doric Columns of Primes
Number Theory
Abundancy : some resources
A little about abundancy
Values of the abundancy function
A Friendly Pair in an Ancient Manuscript
A billion solutions to
phi ( sigma ( n ) ) = sigma ( phi ( n ) )
and a conjecture
Sophie Germain primes
Huge Factors of Enormous Integers
Lots of Factors
Primitive Friendly Integers and Exclusive Multiples
Small Primitive Friendly Pairs
Primitive Friendly Pairs from a Formula
Exponential Prime Power Representation
Near-multiperfects
Counting in Separate Realms
The Fermat - Wiles Theorem
Perfect Numbers Concise
Why is .999 ... = 1 ?
Really Fast Primality Test
Doric Columns of Primes
Errata
Casual Visitors - Welcome !
You can view the first couple of these as you would a circus -- even if you have no intention of trying them at home .
Huge Factors of Enormous Integers
Doric Columns of Primes
Counting Faces on n-dimensional Hypercubes
The Fermat - Wiles Theorem
THIS YEAR marks the seventy - fifth anniversary of the passage of the Social Security Act ( SSA ) .
The SSA , which created unemployment insurance and assistance programs for the elderly , disabled , and poor , is the most lasting achievement of Franklin Delano Roosevelt ’s New Deal .
1
These programs formed the foundation of a social welfare system that today keeps an estimated 31 million people out of poverty .
2
Equally important , the passage of the SSA marked a fundamental shift in American political culture that has endured , even through the past thirty years of conservative attacks on “ entitlements ” that have steadily eroded the social welfare provisions of the act .
Today , unemployment is seen as a societal question that demands some type of government response .
The history taught in most high schools is that Roosevelt created the Social Security Act with the aim of “ relieving human suffering … helping business and industry to recover … [ and ] adjusting the economic system to prevent recurrence . ”
3
The textbooks typically do not explain why Roosevelt , elected in 1932 , did not present the SSA to Congress until 1935 , a three - year period that saw no shortage of human suffering .
In fact , Roosevelt had no intention of creating the programs for which he has become a liberal hero .
He came into office with a modest package of regulation and piecemeal programs , many of which were watered down by the reactionary Southern segregationist wing of his own Democratic Party .
FDR was pressured to create more extensive social welfare programs by the largest protest movement the country had seen since the populist movement of the late 1890s .
Though they are barely mentioned in the history textbooks , it was socialists and communists who built this movement .
4 The Communist Party , Socialist Party , and followers of radical pacifist A.J. Muste created unemployed organizations that mobilized hundreds of thousands of jobless workers in local and national protests .
While these actions on their own were not enough to win national legislation , they helped to shift popular opinion about government assistance and trained thousands of future leaders of the union movement that did attain the power to produce lasting change .
The mythology of FDR has long been a staple of the Democratic Party .
This past year , as debate swirled around President Barack Obama ’s health care legislation , a new twist on the old story emerged .
Liberal supporters of Obama ’s decidedly un-liberal measure tried to reassure themselves with a flawed analogy to the Social Security Act.
New York Times columnist Paul Krugman wrote :
social insurance programs tend to start out highly imperfect and incomplete , but get better and more comprehensive as the years go by .
Thus Social Security originally had huge gaps in coverage — and a majority of African - Americans , in particular , fell through those gaps .
But it was improved over time , and it ’s now the bedrock of retirement stability for the vast majority of Americans .
5
Krugman is correct that the SSA was passed with many flaws , some of which were later improved .
Socialists at the time understood and criticized these weaknesses and looked forward to winning bigger reforms — and maybe a revolution — in the future .
But unlike today ’s health care reform , the Social Security Act did not build on the existing private charity systems that were actually part of the problem , but instead created enormous federal programs with guaranteed benefits .
This was a dramatic shift from the longstanding American tradition of private sector charity .
It occurred only because tens of thousands of activists dared to fight for something that at the time seemed utterly unrealistic .
The Great Depression and the “ American way ”
The starting point of any history of this period must be the horrifying conditions of the Great Depression .
The most memorable statistic of this period is the unemployment rate , which reached 25 percent in 1933 .
As stark as this figure is , it does not begin to capture the crisis encountered by tens of millions .
Workers who managed to hold onto their jobs faced increased exploitation and reduction in wages and hours , which made it harder for them to help out jobless family and friends .
6
The social fabric of America was ripped by the crisis :
One - quarter of children suffered malnutrition , birth rates dropped , suicide rates rose .
7
Many families were torn apart .
In New York City alone , 20,000 children were placed in institutions because their parents could n’t support them .8
Homeless armies wandered the country on freight trains ; one railroad official testified that the number of train - hoppers caught by his company ballooned from 14,000 in 1929 to 186,000 in 1931.9
At the onset of the Depression , Republican Herbert Hoover was president .
Today , Hoover is notorious for his conservative response to the crisis , his heartlessness in the face of mass suffering ( in contrast to the heroic compassion of FDR ) .
But Hoover ’s policies did n’t stem from his personal traits .
In fact , he had made a name for himself coordinating relief efforts in Europe after the First World War and had convened a series of conferences on unemployment in the 1920s in an effort to coordinate private relief .10
Hoover ’s passive response to the Depression stemmed from the political orthodoxy of the day that government should keep out of unemployment relief .
In early 1931 , he declared , “ the basis of successful relief in national distress is to mobilize ... agencies of relief help in the community .
This has been the American way . ”
Hoover ’s aim was to maintain the longstanding American tradition that unemployment not be made the responsibility of government but of individuals and “ the community . ”
The private relief system relied on charitable and religious organizations , whose aid was usually both insufficient and degrading .
Single unemployed workers were forced to live in squalid “ flophouses ” while those with families had to submit themselves to patronizing investigations and rules .
Most charities operated under the assumption that people were unemployed because they were “ unemployable ” — or just lazy .
The regulations and investigations were not really meant to address any “ culture of poverty . ”
Rather , as Francis Fox Piven and Richard Cloward argue in their seminal book , Poor People ’s Movements , these practices were aimed at creating “ a clearly demarcated and degraded class , a class of pariahs whose numbers were small but whose fate loomed large in the lives of those who lived close to indigence , warning them always of a life even worse than hard work and severe poverty .
” 11
This system of degradation created divisions between unemployed and employed workers .
At the beginning of the 1930s , the American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) , the largest workers ’ organization in the country , did not even support unemployment insurance .
The AFL , which was comprised mainly of skilled workers ’ unions ( many of them segregated ) , did not see itself as the representative for all American workers .
Rather , AFL president Samuel Gompers tried convincing American business and government that skilled workers — unlike the unskilled masses — deserved a seat at their table .
Many AFL leaders were only too willing to accept the stereotype of the unemployable worker — unskilled , often African American , or a recent immigrant — to contrast with their own members ’ respectability .
The problem for Hoover was that even by their own low standards , private organizations were in no way prepared to meet the massive needs unleashed by the Depression .
Churches , charities , and ethnic associations were overwhelmed by the flood of requests for rent and grocery money at the same time as they were losing critical funding in the wave of bank failures .
12 In New York City , which actually received more state funding then most cities , the welfare department resorted to skipping every tenth family on the rolls , a practice known as “ skip the feed .
” 13
The crisis exploded on March 6 , 1930 .
That morning , the New York Times ran a headline declaring “ Hoover forecasts employment gain .
No cause for alarm . ” 14 That afternoon , 500,000 people in twenty - five cities demonstrated for government relief .
The response by New York City police was described by a reporter for the New York World .
Women struck in the face with blackjacks , boys beaten by gangs of seven and eight policemen , and an old man backed into a doorway and knocked down time after time … .
One of [ the women ] fought savagely howling curses … .
A detective ran up and while the policemen held her crashed his blackjack into her face three times before a man dragged her away .15
Despite this repression , the protesters were back at New York ’s City Hall that October .
Although they endured more beatings and arrests , they emerged with the movement ’s first victory : the city granted $ 1 million in additional relief ( almost $ 13 million in today ’s terms ) .
16
Beyond this material gain , the March 6 protests threw a wrench in Hoover ’s strategy to ride out the Depression on the backs of American workers .
Hoover ’s infamous declaration that “ prosperity is just around the corner ” reflected his intention to minimize the extent of the crisis to avoid large - scale government action .
Had it not been for the initial protests , he might have been more successful .
It is worth noting that unemployment had not yet reached 9 percent by 1930.17
If today we remember the Depression as having begun in 1929 and not a few years later when the unemployment rate really shot up ( under FDR ) , it ’s because of the hundreds of thousands of jobless workers who forced politicians and newspapers to acknowledge the crisis .
The protests were organized by the Unemployed Councils , formed the previous year by the Communist Party , which was almost as surprised by the size of the March 6 protest as was the Hoover administration .
It was the first sign that the radical left had entered a new period .
The Communist Party and unemployed councils
The stock market crash of October 1929 brought an abrupt end to a great decade for business .
For most working people , it only increased the hard times they were already enduring .
Ten years earlier , business leaders had used the momentum gained from winning the First World War to launch “ the American plan , ” a public relations campaign to associate unions with subversive and foreign influences , particularly Bolshevism .
The AFL lost a quarter of its membership during the 1920s.18
Alongside the corporate attack on unions was a government campaign against radicals — especially immigrant radicals — known today as the “ Red Scare . ”
From the raids and deportation of thousands in 1919 and 1920 to the framing and execution of Italian anarchists Sacco and Vanzetti in 1927 , the “ Roaring Twenties ” were a difficult time for the American left .
The Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW ) was practically repressed out of existence .
The Socialist Party ( SP ) split over the question of the Russian Revolution and never regained its former influence .
The Communist Party ( CP ) , composed of some of the leading former members of the IWW and SP , was the strongest organization on the American left by the end of the 1920s .
But that was n’t saying much .
Founded at the beginning of a period of political reaction and an assault on the labor movement ( the AFL lost more than a million members , and it drove thousands of communists from its ranks in this period ) , the CP was also paralyzed in its first decade by intense factional disputes that required intervention from the Comintern — the Moscow - led organization of communist parties internationally .
As a result of the repression , the decline of the labor movement , and factionalism , the party declined throughout its first ten years by more than two - thirds , to just over 6,000 members.19
With the degeneration of the Russian Revolution and the rise of the Stalinist bureaucracy , the CPs all over the word became subordinate satellites of Moscow , required to change policy according to dictates that largely reflected the interest of the Russian bureaucracy .
In 1928 , Joseph Stalin , consolidating the power of the state bureaucracy in Moscow , expelled opposition leader Leon Trotsky and abolished the remaining elements of workers ’ control from the 1917 revolution — all in the name of strengthening the socialist “ motherland ” against its imperialist enemies and preparing for worldwide revolution .
In every communist party , Stalin engineered the elimination of leaders who sided with either Trotsky or Nicolai Bukharin and replaced them with Stalin loyalists who would toe every line delivered from Moscow .
Announcing that capitalism had entered its “ Third Period ” since the Russian Revolution , one of intractable economic crisis , the Comintern concluded in 1928 that a world revolutionary upsurge was on the immediate agenda .
To prepare for this upsurge , the earlier Comintern strategy of proposing united fronts for the purposes of struggle between revolutionary and reformist organizations was abandoned .
Communists were to leave the trade unions and form their own “ red unions ” and refuse joint work with reformist and social - democratic parties , which were now denounced as “ social fascist . ”
20
The rise of Stalinism and its apocalyptic Third Period perspective had a catastrophic impact on communist parties around the world .
Across Europe , communists refused to form united fronts with reformists to resist fascism , with particularly tragic results in Germany .
21
In the U.S , the CP responded to the new perspective by abandoning its strategy of “ boring from within ” the AFL , which had suddenly become a social - fascist organization , and creating a competing “ revolutionary ” union federation : the deceptively named Trade Union Unity League ( TUUL ) .
The Comintern defined the TUUL ’s primary task not as organizing the many workers ignored and excluded by the AFL , but to “ destroy the American Federation of Labor , the most reliable support of American imperialism . ” 22
The only thing that the TUUL destroyed was the influence and reputation that thousands of communists had worked hard to achieve over the previous decade .
In 1928 , for example , the CP had a solid base of 300 miners and was a force of opposition to autocratic United Mine Workers ( UMW ) president John L. Lewis.23
That year , the party took itself out of the UMW and formed a red or dual union , the National Miners Union ( NMU ) , whose membership never reached more than several hundred .
Within a year , communists found themselves outside a wave of spontaneous strikes in Pennsylvania and West Virginia while their own NMU general strike call was ignored .
24
By the CP ’s own reckoning , the TUUL had a membership in 1932 of only 40,000.25
Similar results followed in other industries .
Workers in the early years of the Depression , facing a devastating wave of layoffs and cuts in hours and wages , looked for a united labor movement .
Instead they found a Communist Party that defined all its political rivals , from the NAACP to the Socialist Party , as fascists just as surely as Hitler and Mussolini .26
The party ’s attacks on the rest of the left were not only verbal , as historian Sidney Lens relates :
Since socialists and fascists were all of the same breed , it was permissible to break up socialist ( and Trotskyist and Lovestoneite ) meetings .
Indeed it was sometimes a revolutionary duty .
When [ Socialist Party leader ]
Norman Thomas held a rally at Madison Square Garden in February 1934 to protest the murder of socialists by the semi-Fascist Dollfuss regime in Vienna , Stalinist strong - arm men made a shambles of it with catcalls , shrieks , knives , and physical force until it was adjourned .
It was not unusual for Communists to break into a meeting of another leftist group , armed with lead pipes , brass knuckles , sticks , and knives to force it to suspend .
Every now and then a brick was thrown at an outdoor meeting of the Trotskyites .
It became so bad that rivals had to form “ defense squads ” to protect their gatherings .
27
Despite these considerable handicaps , the CP entered the Depression with some momentum .
Stalin ’s elimination of all opposition had the ironic impact of freeing the American party from the paralyzing factionalism of the 1920s .
Moreover , the Comintern ’s Third Period perspective predicted a massive economic collapse and called on parties to create unemployed organizations .
Thus , in August 1929 , two months before the stock market crash , the CP began building the Unemployed Councils ( UCs ) whose protests in the ensuing months would establish the communists as a significant force in the 1930s.28
Building UCs forced communist organizers to confront the limitations of the Comintern perspective that revolutionary speeches would lead the masses into revolutionary action .
Steven Nelson , a movement leader in Chicago , describes how he learned this approach from other workers in his first UC meeting .
[ My ] speech …was pretty vague .
I pounded the rostrum a little and complained that the bourgeoisie always make the workers pay for depressions … .
The whole approach was sectarian in tone and demonstrated just how isolated we were from most workers … .
In this case , however , our approach had n’t done much damage .
These Greek workers really impressed me ....
Actually , they knew what to do better than I .
“ Now , Mr. Chairman , ” someone called from the floor , “ the first thing we have to do is set up a committee that can deal with grievances .
Let ’s have some volunteers . ”
Many of the early councils were built on existing ethnic and fraternal organizations like this Greek club .
We spent the first few weeks agitating against capitalism … .
But even if people listened to our arguments , we could n’t offer them much hope for the immediate future .
How were they going to pay the rent , buy food , and survive in the meantime ?
Answers began to emerge from the actual experience of organizing .
29
One key strategy that emerged was direct action to help individuals win relief or prevent eviction .
Within months , the approach of the Chicago UC had changed remarkably , as evidenced in recollections of Christine Ellis about the first UC meeting in a Black neighborhood on the west side of Chicago .
We spoke simply , explained the platform , the demands and activities of the unemployed council .
And then we said , “ Are there any questions ? ” ….
Finally an elderly Black man stood up and said , “ What you folks figure on doing about that colored family that was thrown out of their house today ?...
They ’re still out there with their furniture on the sidewalk . ”
So the man with me said , “ Very simple .
We ’ll adjourn the meeting , go over there , and put the furniture back in the house .
After that , anyone wishing to join the unemployed council and build an organization to fight evictions , return to this hall and we ’ll talk about it some more . ”
That ’s what we did …everybody else pitched in , began to haul in every last bit of furniture , fix up the beds ... and when that was all done , went back to the hall .
The hall was jammed !
30
Through the national network of unemployed councils , people learned about these successful actions and the practice spread rapidly .
It is estimated that in 1932 , 77,000 New York City families were moved back into their homes by UCs.31
The emphasis on neighborhood organizing allowed the UCs to connect with the anarchic atmosphere of desperate rebellion unleashed by the economic crisis .
The early 1930s were years of food riots and raids on delivery trucks and packinghouses .
32 Hosea Hudson , a leading Black communist in Alabama , describes how landlords in Birmingham would sometimes allow tenants to stay even without paying rent “ because if they put a family out , the unemployed workers would wreck the house and take it away for fuel by night … .
This was kind of a free - for - all , a share - the - wealth situation . ”
33
Local actions were combined with a series of national protests that garnered media attention for the unemployment crisis .
The 1931 National Hunger March called for federal unemployment insurance at full wages for all unemployed and underemployed workers without regard to age , sex , race , political affiliation , or citizenship status .
In addition , the marchers demanded that cities and states provide funding to clothe , house , and feed the unemployed , who would be responsible for administering their own funds .
34
These demands , impressive in their focus on eliminating divisions among workers yet lacking any measures that could be won in the near term , did not arise from any democratic discussions within the councils , but came directly from the CP .
The party openly controlled the councils .
UC demonstrations often featured speeches and signs calling for defense of the Soviet Union .
35
The first National Unemployment Conference of 1930 adopted a program identical to that of the CP and TUUL , and warned that workers should have “ no illusions that the government will grant these measures of partial relief ” — an odd rallying cry for an unemployed movement .
36
While mainstream observers dismissed the CP for its ultra-radical perspective and clumsy tactics , the party was able to connect with the rage bubbling under the surface of society .
As the labor radical Len De Caux described the process :
The communists brought misery out of hiding in the workers ’ neighborhoods .
They paraded it with angry demands through the main streets …. and on to City Hall … .
Sometimes , I ’d hear a communist speaker say something so bitter and extreme , I ’d feel embarrassed .
Then I ’d look around at the unemployed audience — shabby clothes , expressions worried and sour .
Faces would start to glow , heads to nod , hands to clap .37
As Steve Nelson explained , at a time when the idea of government assistance was far outside the mainstream , the jobless needed to “ see that unemployment was not the result of their own or someone else ’s mistake , that it was a worldwide phenomenon and a natural product of the system . ”
For this reason , Nelson felt “ the unemployed agitation was as much education as direct action . ”
38
The communists contributed to the movement not only radical demands but also two key strategies for how those demands could be won : solidarity between the labor movement and the unemployed and anti-racist unity .
In contrast to the AFL , communists and other radicals argued that employed and unemployed workers needed to make common cause because their fates were linked .
If unemployment relief was not unbearable , employed workers would have more leverage with their bosses because they would be less afraid of going on strike or being fired .
Nowhere did the CP demonstrate these connections more sharply than in Detroit , where the majority of unemployment was directly related to auto factory layoffs .
Detroit Unemployed Councils and the Young Communist League led marches to the car factories to protest the meager benefits given to laid - off workers .
The next day , protesters shut down the Briggs Highland Park factory , and read a statement to workers inside pledging that the unemployed would not scab in the event of a Briggs strike .39
A few months later , on March 7 , 1932 , the UC and the TUUL - affiliated Auto Workers Union led the Ford Hunger March — a demonstration of 3,000 current and former Ford workers to demand relief , limited hours , an end to racial discrimination , and the right to unionize .
40 Before the protesters could reach company headquarters , they were attacked at the Dearborn border by city police and company security .
In the course of the fighting , the police began firing their guns , killing five men and wounding at least seventy - five more .
More than 30,000 marched in the funeral procession .
Years later , many participants reflected that the events surrounding the Ford Hunger March marked the first chapter in the unionization of American auto companies that took place later in the decade .
41
Racial and ethnic divisions were other barriers facing the unemployed movement .
It is hard to overstate the degree to which racism permeated American society in the seventy years between the end of Reconstruction and the birth of the civil rights movement .
The South was ruled by a one - party oligarchy , which maintained the allegiance of most poor whites through the frenzy of white supremacy .
In the 1930s , Southern Democrats — “ Dixiecrats ” — formed a solid bloc of reaction that dominated Congress to the point that Roosevelt did not even attempt to pass anti-lynching legislation , which must seem incredible to modern readers .
Roosevelt offered this excuse for his inaction to Walter White of the NAACP :
I ’ve got to get legislation passed by Congress to save America .
The Southerners [ of Roosevelt ’s own party ] by reason of the seniority rule in Congress are chairman or occupy strategic places on most of the Senate and House committees .
If I come out for the anti-lynching bill now , they will block every bill I ask Congress to pass to keep America from collapsing .
I just ca n’t take that risk .
42
The extreme racism of the Jim Crow South permeated every corner of America , including the labor movement .
Since Blacks and immigrants made up a high proportion of the unskilled and unemployed , the biases of skilled workers blended in with racism .
Many AFL locals were segregated either formally or informally .
The disastrous nature of this policy was made clear during the steelworkers ’ strike in 1919 , which was defeated in part because tens of thousands of African Americans crossed the picket line rather than fight for a union that did n’t fight for them .43
Into this atmosphere , the CP played a historic role in bringing Black and white jobless workers together into one organization by making anti-racism a part of the movement .
The CP made sure that all of its agitation in the unemployed councils included protests against racial discrimination by relief agencies , landlords , and local and federal government .
44
On a more individual level , the Communists ’ emphasis on multiracial organizing created situations in which whites and Blacks worked together for a common purpose and created personal bonds .
In his autobiography , Hosea Hudson explains how this process took place over years in Birmingham , from the first multiracial jobless marches to the latter part of the decade when white workers objected to having a segregated union hall and supported their Black coworkers ’ efforts to register to vote .
45
At a time when Depression conditions enabled fascists to gain supporters among the unemployed across Europe and in some parts of the United States , the Communists were able to build a commitment to fighting discrimination in the American unemployed movement .
At the same time , the CP undermined its admirable efforts at building a labor movement united across racial and employment divisions with its steady cries of “ fascist ” at all competing organizations .
In the early 1930s , the CP ’s authoritarianism and sectarianism fueled the rise of other radical organizations that began to appear in the unemployed movement .
The SP entered the Depression as a pale remnant of its glory days two decades earlier .
Dominated by its old guard , which had expelled the left for supporting the Russian Revolution , the SP sought to lobby AFL locals and Democratic officials for unemployment insurance and other reforms .
46 Within a few years , however , the SP had attracted a new layer of young militants who favored the CP ’s grass - roots orientation to the unemployed , if not the CP itself .
These militants created SP - affiliated workers ’ committees that competed with unemployed councils in Chicago , New York , and elsewhere .
47
Another source of unemployed agitation was the Conference of Progressive Labor Action ( CPLA ) , whose dominant figure was a Dutch minister turned radical labor organizer named A.J. Muste .
The CPLA established unemployed leagues on the model of the Seattle Unemployed Citizens League , which organized thousands of jobless families into an impressive network of barter and labor exchange .
48 Soon , however , most leagues “ renounced self - help in favor of militant protest since self - help never provided more than a fraction of their economic needs .
” 49 The CPLA ( and its later more radical incarnation , the American Workers Party ) were never able to attain national prominence but it was a key player in the Midwest , especially in Ohio .
The CP ’s attitude to these other unemployment groups was highly sectarian .
According to historian Harvey Klehr , “ The Communist response was to step up attacks on ‘ social - fascists ’ for misleading the unemployed .
A party plenum in September [ 1932 ] attacked the unemployed councils for allowing ‘ spontaneous unemployed movements ’ in Pittsburgh , Seattle , and Youngstown to fall ‘ into the hands of social - fascist leaders . ’”
The CP did agreed to join a “ united front ” conference set up by the Chicago UC , which was headed up by a local SP leader , Karl Borders , only to denounce Borders as a “ social - fascist ” at the conference .
50
By 1932 , there were hundreds of unemployed councils , unemployed leagues , and workers committees on the unemployed across the country .
In one city after another , the power dynamics of the relief system were dramatically changed .
Upon hearing that a family had been denied relief , the local unemployed organization would call a meeting , lead a march to the agency , and send in an elected committee to demand an immediate appointment to resolve the situation , often with a large and hostile crowd waiting outside the building .
51 Hosea Hudson describes the methods of the Birmingham UC :
If someone get out of food and been down to the welfare two or three times and still ai n’t got no grocery order … .
We ’d go to the house of the person that ’s involved , the victim , let her tell her story .
Then we ’d ask all the people , “ What do you all think could be done about it ? ”
We would n’t just jump up and say what to do .
We let the neighbors talk about it for a while , and then it would be some of us in the crowd , we going to say , “ If the lady wants to go back down to the welfare , if she wants , I suggest we have a little committee to go with her and find out what the condition is . ” 52
The fighting spirit spread to some of the flophouses .
The Chicago UC newspaper reported about a flophouse in which the men elected a committee to demand fresh bread and vegetables and backed up their demands with a protest in which they threw the inferior food on the floor .
53
As these “ pariahs ” began to organize themselves , charity agencies found that their own lack of professionalism and arbitrary rules now worked against them :
Relief officials , who were accustomed to discretionary giving to a meek clientele and were not much governed by any fixed set of regulations , usually acquiesced in the face of aggressive protests .
With each abrasive encounter , officials in local and private charities gradually forfeited the discretion to give or withhold aid .
54
Or , as an unemployed worker put it : “ For three weeks , we would wait for recognition from a relief office .
Our committee got it for us in fifteen minutes .
” 55
As relief agencies caved in to the angry protesters outside their doors , they turned for more aid to municipal governments whose budgets were not growing but shrinking .
By 1932 cities found themselves in a vise between a seemingly bottomless economic crisis and the swelling anger of the jobless .
From Chicago , where the unemployment rate had reached 40 percent , Mayor Anton Cermak told Congress to send $ 150 million today or federal troops in the future .
56 In Detroit , relief was reduced to milk and bread ; in Philadelphia , it was cut off entirely .
57
In response , mayors and city businessmen pressured Washington for relief , both individually and through the newly formed Conference of Mayors , an organization that exists to this day .
As Piven and Cloward put it , “ Driven by the protests of the masses of unemployed and the threat of financial ruin , mayors of the biggest cities of the Unites States , joined by business and banking leaders , had become lobbyists for the poor .
”
58
In July , President Hoover finally broke with laissez - faire orthodoxy and passed the Emergency Relief and Construction Act ( ERCA ) , the first federal legislation for unemployment relief .
But ERCA was the epitome of too little ( $ 300 million ) and too late ( three years into the Depression ) .
Hoover was crushed by Roosevelt in the November elections .
The first New Deal
Franklin Delano Roosevelt took office in March 1933 with the promise of a “ new deal . ”
The specifics of this promise were unclear .
As governor of New York , Roosevelt had established a liberal reputation by speaking in favor of unemployment insurance and creating a modest state relief program .
59 Yet Roosevelt was an establishment politician , a scion of a wealthy family who showed little inclination to threaten the wealth of his class .
Furthermore , as a Democratic politician , Roosevelt had only been able to secure his party ’s nomination by assuring the Dixiecrats that he would not challenge their reactionary agenda .
Roosevelt differed from Hoover primarily in his willingness to “ consider greater government intervention into the private market in order to save capitalism .
” 60
In his famous first one hundred days , the new president issued a series of regulations of banking and industry in an attempt to tackle the bankruptcies and overproduction that had ground the economy to a halt .
61
In contrast to these Herculean efforts to save business from itself , FDR ’s initial legislation on unemployment relief was meager .
The Federal Emergency Relief Act ( FERA ) , passed in May 1933 , allocated $ 3 billion over three years .
62 FERA was a big improvement over Hoover ’s ERCA , but it was still woefully insufficient to address the ever - growing crisis .
Moreover , many state legislatures were reluctant or dilatory in participating in the program .
Roosevelt himself , who called relief “ repugnant to American ideals of self - reliance , ” was only too willing to cut off funding to these states .
63
Inadequate as it was in material terms , FERA was a victory for the movement , beginning a dynamic played out for the next few years .
FDR would enact a reform in the hopes of quelling unemployment unrest only to see unrest increase instead .
This apparent paradox was rooted in the experience of rising unemployment alongside organizing by a self - conscious minority .
While unemployed activists represented a minority of the nation ’s unemployed , millions more remained in the shadows , ashamed of their status and unwilling to ask for relief .
Each new federal relief measure , however , was an acknowledgement that the unemployed were not to blame for their predicament and that they deserved a certain standard of living .
Millions of previously invisible jobless workers would emerge to ask for , and then demand , relief and the escalating cycle of protests and reforms continued .
Nowhere was this interplay more apparent than in the rise and fall of the Civilian Works Administration ( CWA ) , the first attempt at federal work relief .
The CWA , launched by Roosevelt ’s talented liberal aide Harry Hopkins at the end of 1933 , provided unemployed workers with jobs that paid real money instead of coupons for food or rent .
The program was wildly popular .
And that was the problem .
“ When we started Civil Works we said we were going to put four million men to work , ” Hopkins recalled later .
“ How many do you suppose applied for those four million jobs ?
About ten million .
Now I do n’t say there were ten million people out of work , but ten million … stood in line , many of them all night .
”
64
In fact , there were fifteen million people unemployed in 1933 , but the Roosevelt administration was not prepared to fund jobs for them all .
Many of these were people who had managed to stay off of relief and were thus invisible to Hopkins and the New Deal planners .
News of the jobs program , however , led these new millions to apply for relief in order to become eligible for a CWA job .
When they found out that CWA did not have enough jobs for them , many people accepted relief for the first time .
A FERA manager described the thought process this way : “ The government having failed to provide me with a job , it is now up to the government to take care of my family .
” 65 One newspaper described the dilemma faced by Roosevelt and Hopkins : “ C.W.A. is a bear which the administration holds by the tail .
It ’s afraid to hold on and it ’s afraid to let go !
” 66 The president decided to let it go , terminating the CWA within a few months of its inception .
While Roosevelt vacillated , a profound ideological shift regarding the unemployed was taking place .
As Hopkins , put it , “ For a long time those who did not require relief entertained the illusion that those being aided were in need through some fault of their own .
It is now pretty clear in the national mind that the unemployed are a cross-section of the workers , the finest people in the land .
”
67
Yet the Roosevelt administration was unwilling to provide these fine people an insurance program for the unemployment that it admitted was not their fault .
Some of FDR ’s economic advisers tried in vain to convince him to include a substantial unemployment program and old age insurance in the sweeping program of the first one hundred days .
68 There were other forces , however , pressuring Roosevelt against such an action .
To begin with , there were the Dixiecrats : the devils to whom liberal Democrats sold their souls on their way up the political ladder .
These few dozen men were not on the fringe of the party but at its core — their KKK - enforced one - party domination of the South was the foundation of the Democrats ’ congressional majority .
Their reactionary politics were not limited to racial segregation , but included hostility to any hint of progressive change .
Even if Roosevelt had not been concerned with maintaining Dixiecrat support , he still would have been reluctant to create unemployment insurance .
Ruling - class opinion in the United States had long been set against any form of government relief .
Unemployment had been a recurring phenomenon since the late nineteenth century .
In 1900 , for example , unemployment spiked as high as 20 percent .
69 Protests against unemployment and demands for federal relief had grown as well , from groups ranging from the IWW to Coxey ’s Army , a loosely organized network that tried to organize jobless workers to hop freight trains from around the country and converge on Washington , D.C. , in 1894 .
By the early twentieth century , similar protests had led many European countries to create state unemployment programs .
The U.S. ruling class , true to its nature , preferred a little violent protest and repression to conceding government responsibility for unemployment .
The American resistance to unemployment insurance was connected to the American resistance to unions for those employed in sweatshops , factories , and mines .
As Piven and Cloward explain :
These practices were not only a reflection of harshly individualistic American attitudes .
They were also a reflection of American economic realities .
Work and self - reliance meant grueling toil at low wages for many people .
So long as that was so , the dole could not be dispensed permissively for fear some would choose it over work .70
The unemployed movement found itself at an impasse : it had shifted public opinion by dramatizing the crisis of the Depression and created enough pressure to win some minor victories .
But it was not powerful enough to win a permanent national insurance program .
For one thing , the instability of unemployed life led to the instability of unemployed organizations .
Most unemployed organizations were made up of a small core of radicals and a larger layer of short - term activists .
This problem was particularly acute in the Communist dominated councils , leading CP leader Herbert Benjamin to complain that non-CP activists “ find themselves excluded from all participation in the actual work of planning and leading actions .
” 71 But SP and CPLA activists also found their organizations foundering by 1933.72 Unemployed organizations simply did not have the social weight to do more than create disruption .
They did , however , play an important role in building a more powerful force : the labor movement .
Turning point
The early years of the Depression were horrible for unions .
Long lines of jobless workers outside factory gates allowed companies to drastically reduce wages and hours for those still working .
In these years it was the unemployed movement that provided the training ground for a new generation of activists .
Many leading union militants of the late 1930s learned how to organize — and often how to understand the whole capitalist system — when they were active in the unemployed movement earlier in the decade .
Unemployment peaked at 25 percent in 1933 ; it then declined to 21.7 percent in 1934.73
That may seem like a minor shift but it meant that factories finally began hiring workers again — some of whom had become activists and revolutionaries in the movement .
Workers felt more confident to organize to make up lost ground in wages and hours .
Thus , 1934 became a turning point for labor , a year that not only saw a strike wave of textile workers from New England to Georgia but also three strikes in Toledo , Minneapolis , and San Francisco in which union workers — led by socialists — won the majority of the workers in each city to actively support their fight against both the company and the police .
These strikes have been recently analyzed in the pages of this magazine and they will not be described in detail here .
74
It is important to note that unemployed organizations played key roles in these strikes , particularly in Toledo , where the Musteite - led Unemployed League played a decisive role in battling police and strike - breakers .
75
The militancy and radicalism of the strikes of 1934 sent shudders through executive boardrooms and government chambers .
“ You ’ve seen strikes in Toledo , ” warned one Congressman in 1935 , “ You have seen Minneapolis , you have seen San Francisco , and you have seen some of the southern textile strikes … but you have not yet seen the gates of hell opened , and that is what is going to happen from now on . ” 76
Roosevelt needed to take decisive new action to take back the initiative from these radical movements .
The result was a spate of dramatic pro-labor legislation that became known as the “ second New Deal . ”
In 1935 , Roosevelt pushed through the National Labor Relations Act ( NLRA ) and the SSA , each of which contain a number of measures that have changed the relationship between labor and capital to this day .
It is beyond the scope of this article to deal with the NLRA , which guaranteed the right for workers to organize unions , but we will consider the SSA as well as the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) .
The WPA was a mammoth project .
Between 1936 and 1943 , the government employed an average of 2 million workers , who built 600,000 miles of roads , 75,000 bridges , and 5,584 schools , among other projects .
Young workers in the related Civilian Conservation Corps built 45,000 telephone lines and 42,000 dams .77
Like the CWA before it , workers flocked to WPA jobs because they gave the unemployed some of the dignity they had been demanding .
WPA jobs were based on workers ’ skills as opposed to income , which meant there were no home visits or other demeaning investigations .
78 Moreover , Roosevelt pledged that the program would provide “ self - respecting jobs at useful work .
”
79
The reality of the WPA , however , was somewhat different .
To begin with , the program was set up so as not to compete with private industry .
This meant , as UC leader Herbert Benjamin pointed out , that miners and steel workers were put to work cutting grass instead of doing the “ useful work ” at which they were skilled .
80
At the same time , WPA wages had to be kept sufficiently low that the unemployed would have an incentive to take private work if it became available .
The problem with this , Benjamin argued , it that private sector wages had greatly dropped during the Depression , precisely because of the availability of unemployed workers .
Rather than forcing those salaries up by paying a decent wage , the WPA reinforced the era ’s poverty wages .
81 Furthermore , while Roosevelt and Hopkins promised that the WPA would employ all 5 million of the unemployed on the FERA rolls , in fact it never employed more than half that .
Yet the president went ahead with his plans to dismantle FERA after passing the WPA .
The Social Security Act was signed into law on August 14 , 1935 .
The act provided for old age insurance funded by workers and employers , three months insurance for terminated workers funded by employers , and assistance for the blind and dependent children .
This act , strengthened in the 1960s and weakened in the 1990s , has remained the crowning achievement for the unemployed movement in the United States — though several decades of an employers ’ offensive buttressed by the ideology of free - market individualism has placed Social Security under threat .
In addition to the material benefits it has given to millions of people , the SSA marked a historic shift in American culture and consciousness toward the idea that unemployment relief is a societal responsibility .
While the SSA marked a turning point in U.S. policy , it did not satisfy the demands of the unemployed movement .
Communists and socialists both campaigned against the legislation .
The radicals understood that the SSA , important as it was , did not satisfy the underlying demand of their movement : full equality for the unemployed .
In a number of ways , Roosevelt ’s legislation drew a distinction between the “ unemployable ” and those who happened to not have a job .
To begin with , the exclusion of agricultural , domestic , and retail workers created a lower status of workers undeserving of insurance .
These workers were disproportionately Black and female .
82
In addition , the time limits created a distinction between workers facing seasonal layoffs and those facing more long - term unemployment .
Most important , SSA divided benefits into the two categories : universal insurance ( for retired and unemployed workers ) and public assistance ( for dependent children and the disabled . )
The SSA thus divided its recipients into those who have “ earned ” assistance and those who simply “ need ” it .
Not surprisingly , the pension and unemployment programs for the former have remained politically popular .
The “ welfare ” programs , on the other hand , particularly Aid to Dependent Children ( ADC , later changed to Aid to Families With Dependent Children , AFDC ) , which mostly assisted single mothers , soon became seen as a handout to an underclass unconnected to the majority of working Americans .
83
Instead , unemployed activists supported the Workers and Unemployment and Social Insurance Bill , introduced by Ernest Lundeen , a Farmer - Labor Congressman from Minnesota .
The Lundeen Bill reflected many of the demands of the UCs : insurance payments equal to average local wages for all workers over eighteen , part time as well as full time , regardless of race , gender , or citizenship , funded by a new tax on all those making over $ 5,000 per year , and administered by elected representatives of workers ’ organizations .
84
It is a sign of those times that this radical legislation was recommended for passage by the House Committee on Labor before it lost momentum in the face of Roosevelt ’s competing bill .
85
Despite the limitations of the WPA and the SSA , the unemployed movement in 1935 seemed powerful enough to do what it had done with previous reforms : use the increased legitimacy that these gave to the demands of the jobless to press for further and more radical changes .
These hopes were bolstered in 1936 when the CP , SP , and Musteites ended their squabbles and merged their unemployed organizations into the Workers ’ Alliance of America ( WAA ) .
The WAA engaged in militant actions to win collective bargaining for workers at a number of WPA projects .
86
Yet the years after 1936 saw the unemployed movement in decline .
In some ways , the movement was a victim of its own success .
Its ranks thinned as more jobs appeared through the private sector and WPA .
Many movement activists went on to play important roles in the major social movement of the latter half of the decade , the growth of the Congress of Industrial Organizations ( CIO ) .
In addition , the expansion of the welfare system in the New Deal created a more professional system of relief .
This professionalism , however , meant that agencies grew more skilled not only in meeting their clients ’ needs but also in channeling local protests into orderly meetings , and even sometimes decapitating councils by hiring their leaders .
87
These explanations , however , are incomplete .
In 1938 a second recession spiked unemployment from 14.3 percent back to 19 percent .
88 FDR did not increase relief funds and actually cut the WPA budget in 1939.89
Yet instead of the explosion of anger that one would have expected from actions in the early 1930s , Roosevelt faced little more than polite conferences and scattered protests .
90
What had changed was the Communist Party , now engaged in its Popular Front strategy .
This shift , dictated by Moscow in response to the growing threat of Nazi Germany to Russia , called on CPs internationally to unite with progressive capitalist forces , which in the United States meant everyone from the SP to President Roosevelt .
Because the Popular Front led the CP to abandon the rabid sectarianism of the Third Period and dramatically ( but temporarily ) increase its membership , some historians see this as the CP ’s most successful period .
In reality , it marked the party ’s complete surrender of a revolutionary vision to transform society .
In their unemployed work , the Communists oriented the Workers Alliance more on lobbying than on local agitation .
This shift reflected the Communists ’ new support for Roosevelt , which in turn led to a shift in their approach to his programs .
Only two years after Benjamin penned his incisive critique of the WPA , his new unemployed organization called a rally in New York to uncritically “ demonstrate to the public just how much WPA means to the 175,000 workers and their families on work programs in that city .
”
91
In the middle of the decade , radicals had scared the White House into creating a social welfare state .
Now , as the unemployed movement lost its radical core , Republicans and Dixiecrats regained momentum and FDR “ sought corporate support for a massive military buildup , further strengthening his ties to big business . ” 92 There would be no third New Deal .
The legacy
The Social Security Act of 1935 has changed the balance of class forces for the past seventy - five years .
SSA ’s insurance and assistance programs — as well as the Medicare , Medicaid , and food stamps programs added in the 1960s — have not only kept millions from facing utter destitution ; they have given workers a little breathing room in case of termination and thus leverage in the eternal tug of war with employers over wages and benefits .
Predictably , free - market fundamentalists at the Heritage Foundation and the Cato Institute churn out reports against these programs .93
Yet these normally influential think tanks are largely ignored when it comes to unemployment .
Aside from a few cranks , most congressional Republicans voted to extend unemployment insurance by twenty weeks last November , even as they were denouncing government spending at various “ tea parties . ” 94
For the time being , both parties are unwilling to challenge a program that most Americans have come to see as a fundamental responsibility of government in troubled economic times .
Yet our safety net remains a flawed and inadequate system in all the ways the radicals of the 1930s anticipated — and in many ways they did not .
For starters there is the two - tiered nature of the system .
Those programs that are universal — provided to all regardless of income — like Social Security , unemployment insurance , and — more recently — Medicare , have become revered institutions .
Meanwhile , means - tested programs — provided only to those who qualify — such as AFDC ( “ welfare ” ) , Supplemental Security Income ( “ disability ” ) , and Medicaid , face a steady stream of budget cuts , stigmatization , and accusations of cheating the system .
The attacks on means - tested programs came to a head in 1996 , when Bill Clinton “ ended welfare as we know it ” by replacing AFDC with the more restrictive Temporary Aid to Needy Families ( TANF ) .
Despite the near - universal praise it receives in the media , TANF has proven to be far less effective than AFDC in preventing poverty .
95
Moreover , even the popular universal programs are inadequate and under threat .
Emergency extensions by Congress have allowed workers in some states to collect unemployment insurance for ninety - nine weeks — the longest period in the program ’s history .
96
In a prolonged recession , however , millions of workers are finding that jobs do not suddenly appear in the hundredth week .
Moreover , strict eligibility requirements and hostile bureaucracies mean that only 36 percent of unemployed workers receive benefits .
97
For this minority , unemployment checks vary widely depending on where they live , from $ 411 in Massachusetts to $ 197 in Mississippi.98 Meanwhile , states ’ unemployment funds are running out while regressive taxation policies , bank bailouts , and the costly demands of American militarism put the future funding for unemployment insurance , Medicare , and even Social Security in doubt .
Though the Bush administration failed in its attempts to privatize Social Security , the claim that Social Security is in “ crisis ” and must be “ fixed ” — read , whittled down and modified to the detriment of the retired workers who depend on it — is a periodically renewed theme by politicians and the press.99
As our worst economic crisis since the Depression enters its third full year , the history of the unemployed movement offers a lesson of how local and temporary struggles during a period of overall working - class retreat can interact with radical organizations to strengthen the left for larger struggles to come .
Perhaps in this recession unemployed workers will be compelled to fight to maintain or to be eligible for the benefits they deserve .
( We should be particularly wary of pseudo - populist attempts to introduce means - testing into universal programs like Social Security , a long - term scheme to turn an untouchable institution into a degraded welfare program . )
Perhaps our generation ’s defining struggle will be for health care .
As millions discover the inadequacies of the new health care bill over the coming years , the climate may be ripe for “ under - insured councils ” to initiate local direct actions at insurance offices , hospitals , and drug stores to win the health benefits that the politicians have failed to deliver .
Any movements that arise today will have to confront the same politics of division that existed in the early 1930s .
The centrality of anti-racism of the CP at that time is a model for activists today — when the rate of unemployment among African Americans is 50 percent higher than the national average .
100 Today we have to apply these principles to immigrants ( regardless of legal status ) , prisoners , and ex-inmates — sections of the population vastly larger than they were eighty years ago .
Finally , the movement will have to take on the sexism that lies at the heart of the popular definition of “ real ” jobs ( i.e. , not domestic work ) that are worthy of insurance .
As in the 1930s , the heart of a new movement for the unemployed will need to be socialist politics .
As they always have , employers and politicians use shame — better known today as “ personal responsibility ” — to discourage those victimized by capitalism from demanding compensation .
They blame poverty and joblessness on a “ culture of poverty ” in the tabloids while they debate capitalism ’s “ natural rate of unemployment ” in the business press .
101
To counter this , we need an anticapitalist understanding to help people see , as UC organizer Steve Nelson put it , that “ unemployment was not the result of their own or someone else ’s mistake … [ but ] a natural product of the system . ”
Herbert Benjamin , the CP ’s lead organizer of the unemployed councils , eloquently expressed the defiant and intelligent posture we need today .
Ever since the present crisis began , those who are unwilling to provide relief for the millions who have become destitute … have tried to meet every demand for such relief by smugly declaring that : “ The unemployed do n’t want relief — what they want is jobs ! ” ….
It is of course true that we workers want jobs .
It is true that we resent being compelled to live on miserable relief doles which we are made to feel is “ charity ” .
But much as we gag on these humiliating hand - outs , we have come to realize that as long as the masters of industry , finance and government are unwilling and unable to afford us the opportunity to earn a decent livelihood through work , we must compel them to provide us with other means of existence .
102
How ( with the help of a 17 - pocket jacket ) I beat Ryanair at their own game
Deep down , I know I 'm doing nothing wrong .
So why do I feel as guilty as a bishop in a brothel ?
I 'm in a small French airport , striding purposefully in the direction of the X - ray machine en route home to Stansted .
In front of me is a uniformed security officer in her late - 20s with a neat ponytail , serious - looking thin - rimmed glasses and a suitably French scowl .
Her face says : ' And what do you think you 're up to ? '
She can't work out why I 'm carrying absolutely no luggage at all .
Fully loaded : Vince Graff , with his luggage - laden jacket , boards a Ryanair flight
I initiate the conversation .
' But I am !
Shall I show you my laptop ? '
I ask her .
She pauses , and looks me up and down .
' You have a laptop with you ? '
' Yes , of course , ' I reply .
' I 'm wearing it . '
I slip off my jacket , flip it over and unfasten a zip .
Out come three T - shirts and two pairs of Y - fronts from a panel in the back .
Beneath the underwear is my computer , which has been nestling in a huge pocket .
The stern look departs her face with the speed of a jumbo jet taking off .
She ushers over a colleague , gabbles quickly in French and they both laugh .
' She says you 're wearing your whole house , ' says the second security officer .
' Do you live in this jacket ? '
I explain what I 'm up to .
I 've been caught out once too often by Ryanair 's sneaky baggage charges .
Passengers are only allowed to check in one bag , weighing up to 20kg at an extra cost of £ 30 .
You will be charged more for any additional bags .
Aside from this , the airline will only let you carry one piece of hand luggage and this must n't weigh more than 10kg .
If it 's heavier , you must check it into the hold and pay a ' checked - in baggage fee ' which can cost up to £ 160 return .
The ' low fares ' airline is expert at piling pounds onto the prices of tickets passengers who 've failed to read and absorb every detail of its small print
So I 've decided to beat Ryanair at its own game .
There are all sorts of rules about the bags you can carry but none that govern the clothes you can wear .
So today I 'm wearing a jacket that has 17 pockets - into which I have stuffed virtually everything I need .
In other words , I 'm wearing my luggage instead of carrying it .
The only limit on what I can take with me - without charge !
- is the strength of my jacket fabric and the load my shoulders can take .
It 's just a shame that I am doing it at the height of summer when it 's 34C outside .
The sweat has been pouring off me all day .
My new friend the security officer and her colleagues at Bergerac Airport in the Dordogne are very amused by my explanation .
Though that does n't prevent one of them slipping on a pair of rubber gloves and emptying some ( though not all ) of my pockets for a closer inspection .
He ’s little perplexed by what he finds .
Inside my 17 - pocket magic jacket I 've packed my laptop , four T - shirts , two pairs of pants , two pairs of socks , a toothbrush , toothpaste , soap , sunglasses , mobile phone , camera , a torch , books , notepad and a first - aid kit .
I 've also brought a few essentials : a packet of freeze - dried Lancashire hotpot , plastic mug , spoon and tin-opener .
And though I 've not quite been able to fit in the kitchen sink , I 've also brought a pair of washing - up gloves and a rubber plug .
Oh , and I 've stuffed a large canvas bag into one of the pockets .
After all , you only need to wear the luggage when you 're getting on and off the plane .
What 's to stop you carrying it in a bag when you 're mooching around the duty free ?
The security man finishes going through my pockets and finally waves me through .
My jacket and its belongings weigh 11.8 kg - above the 10kg limit I 'd be allowed to take in my hand luggage .
But it does n't matter .
There are all sorts of rules about the bags you can carry but none that govern the clothes you can wear
And , of course , if I 'd wanted , I could also have taken a further 10kg in a take - on bag .
If I 'd been carrying my belongings in a carry - on case that I 'd put in the hold , Ryanair would have charged £ 100 for the return journey ( incredibly , they have just put up their baggage fees for the peak travel season of July and August ) .
I was inspired to use the magic trick by Martin Lewis , the consumer campaigner who runs the popular website moneysavingexpert.com .
He suggested wearing a luggage - beating jacket and found one in the U.S .
But there 's no need to go to there .
I went to Hemel Hempstead , Hertfordshire , and bought a Royal Robbins Field Guide Vest , aimed at huntsmen and people on expeditions , for £ 60 .
There are 13 pockets on the outside and four inside .
There are strips of Velcro and fiddly zips everywhere you look - on my front , back and sides .
The manufacturer , on the other hand , says my jacket is ' perfect for observing wolves , compiling birding notes or observing sea turtles ' .
During the first leg of my trip , flying out from Stansted to Bergerac , no one in authority raised an eyebrow .
Once I 'd removed my computer and dumped my belongings in a tray , neither the X - ray machine nor the official behind it cared whether the canvas holding my possessions was bag - shaped or jacket - shaped .
As I got off the plane at Bergerac , I showed my outfit to a blonde stewardess .
No , she had never seen anyone wearing something with so many pockets stuffed so full , she told me .
' But you do sometimes see people wearing four heavy jackets on top of each other so that they do n't have to put them in the hold . '
Practical , but not hugely comfortable .
Not that this would concern Ryanair 's outspoken chief executive Michael O'Leary .
O'Leary , you might recall , wants to charge Ryanair customers to use onboard loos and has proposed a ' standing area ' on his planes , with vertical seats .
You might think that he views his airline 's passengers much as a dog perceives the fleas on its back .
He knows they 're on board and he 'll grumpily tolerate them .
But he does n't much like them - and he does n't want to do anything that would make them feel at home .
That said , we should be fair to Ryanair .
The low - fares airline , alongside fellow pioneer easyJet , has revolutionised air travel and certainly brought down prices in an industry that long felt immune from competition .
But does the airline always play fair with its customers ?
Particularly those who are older and less internet savvy ?
My jacket and its belongings weigh 11.8 kg - above the 10kg limit I 'd be allowed to take in my hand luggage .
But it does n't matter
It took me less than two minutes after my plane had landed to find someone who'd been caught out for doing nothing wrong beyond putting luggage into the wrong bags .
Matt Wilcock , a 27 - year - old chartered surveyor , was travelling with his girlfriend and her mother , Judith .
She 'd been stung with a one - way £ 80 ' fine ' because her luggage was 4 kg over the limit .
She 'd already stumped up £ 40 each way for the airline to take her golf clubs .
Judith , an elegantly dressed woman whom one suspects is not given to public displays of rage , was furious .
' It is stupid and outrageous , ' she told me .
If she 'd carried more of her luggage into the cabin , she 'd have been spared the £ 80 fee .
Yet she was also angry with herself : ' It 's stupid of us that we did n't read the small print . '
Richard Billingham , 51 , is a merchant seaman who travels more than 30,000 miles a year .
He was brought up in London , but has lived for many years in Australia , so he's not schooled in the arcane world of Ryanair regulations .
On a trip from London to France for a few days , he and his wife ended up paying an unexpected £ 55 fee .
His ticket price was advertised online at £ 49.98 each , ' but once you 'd added the tax , and the charges for checking in and for using a credit card and so on , the total amount came to £ 250.10 .
‘ And then there was this extra £ 55 we had to pay at the airport for a mistake we made with our baggage allowance .
‘ So what should have been a £ 100 return for my wife and I somehow became £ 300 . '
Yet I also found happy customers - typically , young people prepared to travel anywhere at any time or professionals who have mastered the art of slimming down their luggage .
Edward Bowen , a 40 - something investment broker , says : ' We 've always just carried on free hand luggage .
‘ Ryanair is an extremely good airline if you understand how to use it . '
I agree , and with my ingenious jacket I think I 've finally beaten the likes of Ryanair at their own game .
Image caption Mr Allen founded Microsoft with Bill Gates in 1975
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has said he will commit the majority of his estimated $ 13.5 bn ( £ 8.8 bn ) fortune to philanthropy after his death .
Mr Allen follows fellow co-founder Bill Gates in pledging billions of dollars to projects designed to help others .
He set up a charitable foundation 20 years ago that has given $ 400 m .
He has personally donated a further $ 600m .
Mr Allen founded technology giant Microsoft with Mr Gates in 1975 but left the company in 1983 .
Famous philanthropists Andrew Carnegie , rose from a poor Scottish immigrant to an American steel magnate , retired in 1901 and donated his fortune to found libraries and cultural institutions , including New York 's Carnegie Hall
, rose from a poor Scottish immigrant to an American steel magnate , retired in 1901 and donated his fortune to found libraries and cultural institutions , including New York 's Carnegie Hall John D Rockefeller , oil magnate who spent the last 40 years of his life donating to medical research and education , died in 1937 aged 97
, oil magnate who spent the last 40 years of his life donating to medical research and education , died in 1937 aged 97 Paul Newman , US actor , created the " Newman 's Own " range of foods in 1982 with author A E Hotchner , giving profits to charity
, US actor , created the " Newman 's Own " range of foods in 1982 with author A E Hotchner , giving profits to charity Chuck Feeney , Irish - American who earned his fortune in duty free and luxury retail , gave $ 8bn in 1982 to his foundation Atlantic Partnerships , which invests in health and social projects
, Irish - American who earned his fortune in duty free and luxury retail , gave $ 8bn in 1982 to his foundation Atlantic Partnerships , which invests in health and social projects George Soros , Hungarian investor famous for the 1992 " Black Wednesday " attack on sterling , set up the Open Society Institute in 1993 to promote freedom and civil society in eastern Europe and elsewhere
, Hungarian investor famous for the 1992 " Black Wednesday " attack on sterling , set up the Open Society Institute in 1993 to promote freedom and civil society in eastern Europe and elsewhere Bill Gates , Paul Allen 's partner in Microsoft , set up the Gates Foundation with wife Melinda in 2000 , which he now runs full - time , fighting global poverty and disease
, Paul Allen 's partner in Microsoft , set up the Gates Foundation with wife Melinda in 2000 , which he now runs full - time , fighting global poverty and disease Warren Buffett , American investor known as the " Sage of Omaha " , pledged in 2006 to give 99 % of his wealth - recently estimated by Forbes at $ 47bn - to the Gates Foundation and other charities Send us your comments
Charity pledge
" I want to announce that my philanthropic efforts will continue after my lifetime , " said Mr Allen , the 37th richest man in the world according to Forbes magazine .
" I 've planned for many years now that the majority of my estate will be left to philanthropy to continue the work of the foundation and fund non-profit scientific research . "
The announcement comes a month after Mr Gates and fellow billionaire Warren Buffett launched a campaign to urge the richest individuals in the US to pledge half of their fortunes to charity .
Cancer fight
Mr Allen left Microsoft in 1983 after being diagnosed with the blood cancer , Hodgkin 's disease .
He successfully beat the illness and went on to become a successful venture capitalist with his media and communications investment firm , Vulcan , from 1986 .
In a bitter irony , Mr Allen 's sister revealed in 2009 that the entrepreneur had recently developed another form of blood cancer , non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
Speaking today on NBC’s “ Today ” show , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs issued a call for whistleblower organization WikiLeaks to stop doing whistleblowing , and to keep the further leaks reportedly in their possession to themselves .
“ I think it ’s important that no more damage be done to our national security , ” Gibbs insisted .
WikiLeaks released some 92,000 classifed documents related to the Afghan War on Sunday , and founder Julian Assange has confirmed that they have another 15,000 documents in their possession , still awaiting review .
Though most of the documents released so far have been field reports , many detailing violence against civilians , Assange told Antiwar Radio that the remaining documents contain more intelligence reports .
The administration has angrily condemned the releases , with Joint Chiefs chairman Admiral Michael Mullen suggesting Assange may have “ blood on his hands ” for releasing the documents to the public .
Though the WikiLeaks releases have proven to be a major embarrassment to the military , underscoring how often they have testified to Congress about “ progress ” in the endless Afghan War while realizing how much worse the reality on the ground was .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has said the military may target Assange and WikiLeaks in their investigation of the leak .
It seems unlikely , however , that the Swedish based whistleblower group will agree to stop whistleblowing either because the Obama Administration has asked or because they fear Pentagon reprisals .
Stan Greenberg , the noted pollster who served as an adviser to President Clinton just before the disastrous 1994 midterm elections , has a new piece out in the New Republic .
In it , he describes how to avoid a repeat in 2010 :
If I were writing a memo to the Democratic leaders , this is where I would begin .
Put aside the rancor and gridlock and show a very different face .
Take Paul Krugman 's advice and quickly pass a version of the Senate health care bill .
That will raise presidential and congressional approval ratings , just as Clinton bucked up Democrats by passing nafta and tax increases for deficit reduction -- neither of which were popular at the time .
They must put the Republicans on the defensive .
Make them an offer they can't refuse on bipartisan legislation they dare not oppose -- jobs measures that help small businesses and energy - independence legislation .
Then , force Republicans to cast tough and defining votes -- on Wall Street bonuses and bailouts and limiting corporate spending on elections .
This seems like good advice to me .
The problem is , Brad Ellsworth has been on the Republican side on all of it .
Health care ?
He voted for the House version of the health care bill , but only after becoming the only Indiana Democrat to vote for the GOP 's motion to recommit , which would have killed the bill .
He even threatened to vote against the entire bill unless he got his way on his pet anti-choice proposal , and it's no guarantee he 'll vote for a bill again .
Energy independence ?
Ellsworth voted against the American Clean Energy and Security Act bill .
Jobs ?
Ellsworth was just one of 11 House Democrats to vote against the President 's own stimulus bill -- a bill that created jobs for Indiana , only reluctantly backing a smaller version later .
Bailouts ?
He voted to bail out Wall Street -- twice -- in late 2008 .
Foreclosures ?
He voted against the Helping Families Save Their Homes Act of 2009 , which allows bankruptcy judges to modify mortgage loans to help families stay in their homes , among other means .
In other words , not only has Ellsworth tried to defeat legislation that would help middle - class Hoosiers who are struggling with their health care bills and mortgage payments , he 's following exactly the opposite of Greenberg 's advice -- casting the kind of votes that will sink a candidate for the Senate ...
But that 's not the only thing .
Another reason Ellsworth is a bad choice to be the Democratic statewide candidate is because it's hard to find Democrats who like him .
One of the many missed lessons of 1994 was that Democrats that year had a base problem .
Expect a letter or e-mail -- probably both -- from the DSCC urging you to save Evan Bayh 's Indiana Senate seat for the Democrats .
First of all , did the Democrats ever even have a Senate seat in Indiana occupied by a Bayh since Birch Bayh left ?
Since Obama was elected president , Birch 's ConservaDem son Evan has had the second worst voting record , according to ProgressivePunch , of any Senate Democrat other than Ben Nelson , who makes a point of being able to brag that on tough , close , substantive votes he voteswith the GOP than with the Democrats !
Bayh is n't as bad -- but he 's almost as bad , and his voting record ( 55.07 % with Dems ) is worse than Blanche Lincoln's , Arlen Specter 's , Joe Lieberman's , Mary Landrieu 's and , so far ... But there is another Democrat whose voting record is worse than Bayh's .
He 's just not in the Senate .
Yet .
Bayh 's retirement announcement was timed to stick the Republicans with a third - rate candidate , sleazy lobbyist Dan Coats , stick Indiana Democrats with a hand - picked bosses ' delight .
Bayh and his political machine have chosen right - wing Democrat Brad Ellsworth -- an original Rahm Emanuel vintage Blue Dog from 2006 .
He 's being shoved down the throats of Indiana Democrats without a primary his conservative ass could never win .
One of the House 's vilest and most repulsive and aggressive homophobes -- and a political coward catering to Republican framing as his standard default position -- Ellsworth 's score for the 111th Congress on close , crucial votes was an astonishing 35.82 , one of the worst of any Democrat who does n't represent a former slave - holding area .
Yesterday , for example , the House agreed to justvoting on an appropriations bill for the U.S. Intelligence services .
It passed 237 - 176 .
All 166 obstructionist Republicans who are against every single Democratic proposal voted no , and so did 9 super - reactionary Blue Dogs who regularly make common cause with the GOP .
Of course Ellsworth was one of them .
Democratic Party activist Bil Browning has been warning Indiana Democrats that by forcing Ellsworth on the party they will be following in the footsteps of the catastrophic Creigh Deeds strategy and handing the seat to even the weak GOP candidate .
Core Democratic constituencies may not vote for Republicans , but it would be insane to expect them to turn out and vote for a reactionary like Ellsworth .
He 's been a demagogue on Latino issues , a disaster on LGBT issues , a disaster on women 's issues , environmental issues , issues of vital importance to low - income groups , young people , unmarried women ...
If he expects to be elected -- as a Democrat -- without big support from these groups because he 's spent the past few years kissing up to conservative Republicans , he 's as stupid as he is conservative .
Conservatives will vote for a Republican , not for a Democrat .
Ellsworth will lose the Indiana Senate seat for the Democrats .
Will Rahm Emanuel take responsibility and commit seppuku on the White House lawn ?
If so ... it would be worth the loss of the seat .
So ... when the DSCC gets in touch and asks you for some money , tell them you support progressive Democrats who are toiling for working families , not ConservaDems working for special interests and corporations .
Tell them Brad Ellsworth was a crappy Blue Dog in the House and that thething we need in the Senate is another right - wing Democrat working with the GOP to prevent change .
And tell them you 'd rather give your donations to progressives running for the Senate , like Jennifer Brunner ( D - OH ) , Elaine Marshall ( D - NC ) and Roxanne Conlin ( D - IA ) and Joe Sestak ( D - PA ) , rather than their pack of sellout shills .
Labels : Brad Ellsworth , DSCC , Evan Bayh , Indiana , Senate 2010
A relatively simple trick , but brilliantly executed .
Seems like the timing would be the trickiest part ( I love the spots where Mario " gets ahead of the camera " ) .
Well done .
Just one of Escambia County 's 28 sea turtle nests survived 2020
Only a single Escambia County sea turtle nest did relatively - well in 2020 , producing many hatchlings to successfully crawl toward the Gulf of Mexico
Imagine yourself in an Old West film , standing in the middle of a deserted street flanked with saloons , hotels and brothels , the soundtrack from " The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly " wailing strong .
At first you think you are alone with the tumbleweeds -- but then you see two figures facing down .
On the left is Sen. Gloria Romero ( D - East Los Angeles ) , suited up in leather chaps and a cowboy hat -- and on the right , the state rock of California -- serpentine .
Until recently , most people probably did n’t know that there was a state rock -- far less that Romero wants to get rid of it .
Senate Bill 624 , which has been passed by the Assembly Committee on Natural Resources but still has a long way to go in the Legislature , would strip serpentine of its state - rock title , held since 1965 .
Why ?
Because the rock " contains the deadly mineral chrysotile asbestos , a known carcinogen , exposure to which increases the risk of the cancer mesothelioma " and because " California should not designate a rock known to be toxic to the health of its residents as the state 's official rock . "
If you do n’t know know what serpentine looks like , it looks like , well ... a rock .
Shiny and smooth , it is typically green in color but can also be yellow , brown , gray or reddish brown .
In natural environments , it can occur as large rock masses , but it also is commonly used for ornamental purposes in the form of cut and polished stone .
Chosen as the state rock as a symbol of California ’s mining prowess , serpentine was also the first rock in any state to be given this title .
Asbestos , a known carcinogen , poses health risks when small particles and mineral dust are inhaled , the fibers then lodging themselves in the membrane of the lungs .
Mesothelioma , the most serious asbestos - caused condition , is a highly aggressive cancer .
California has the highest rate of mesothelioma deaths in the nation , a fact that SB 624 also notes .
So , how concerned should Californians be about their potentially carcinogenic state rock ?
Not very , says John Rosenfeld , emeritus professor of geology at UCLA .
According to Rosenfeld , SB 624 " is a bunch of bull . "
( This newspaper 's editorial page also does n't think much of this bid to change California 's state rock , though it notes that some people with mesothelioma have taken up the cause . )
Of course , Rosenfeld said in an interview , people working with asbestos should wear masks and protect themselves from the mineral dust .
But he goes on to explain that there are different types of asbestos , some of which are harmful , and others not .
The green asbestos , chrysotile , is the least dangerous type , he says -- and , fortunately , the most common type of asbestos found in California serpentine .
" Serpentine is a very beautiful rock .
Holding the rock is not a problem and it ’s nothing you should be concerned about , " he said .
" It 's part of the history of California , noticed by the early settlers of this state .
It 's a beautiful stone and should n't be removed . "
If we 're going to get rid of serpentine , do we have to get rid of our state gemstone , benitoite , found with it ?
And what should we have as our state rock instead ?
( Quartz ?
Maybe not -- the dust , when inhaled , can cause a condition called silicosis . )
Or do we even need to find a replacement for it ?
After all , we still have our state mineral , gold , to stand proudly behind .
-- Jessie Schiewe
Photo : Sen. Gloria Romero ( D - East Los Angeles ) wants California 's state rock dumped .
Credit : Rich Pedroncelli / Associated Press
Glee type TV Show network Fox genre Comedy
Music
Image Credit : Frank Micelotta / Getty ImagesThe Gleeks were out in full force at San Diego Comic - Con for Sunday afternoon ’s panel ( moderated by EW ’s own Tim Stack ) with the cast and crew of Glee .
And while many interesting , witty , and adorable things were said about the show and its place in the pop-culture universe , let ’s first cut to the chase and get to some tidbits about Season 2 , shall we ?
So , if you are in any way averse to spoilers , shield your eyes !
— Glee co-creator Ryan Murphy revealed that Tina ( Jenna Ushkowitz ) will fall out of love with Artie ( Kevin McHale ) and in love with Mike Chang ( Harry Shum Jr. ) , to which the entire audience responded with the pained whimper of a thousand puppies .
“ I can fall out of love too , ” joked McHale , who proceeded to put his arm around Amber Riley .
— “ People think we ’re going to get bigger next season , but we ’re going in a different direction , ” said Murphy , who added that he plans to place a greater emphasis on individual characters ( such as Brittany ) instead of on massive production numbers .
“ We ’re doing about five music numbers per episode instead of eight . ”
— But do n’t worry , Gleeks , Season 2 will still feature a few big tribute episodes , including one devoted to Britney Spears .
Murphy revealed that Matthew Morrison ( who was n’t present at the panel ) once told a reporter that he never , ever wanted to sing Spears on the program .
“ So the entire episode is Schuester saying , ‘ I do n’t want to do Britney !
I do n’t want to do Britney ! ' ” said Murphy .
Also , Murphy said that the episode will be very “ hallucinogenic . ”
As if a tribute episode to Spears could be anything but hallucinogenic .
— Chris Colfer expressed his desire for Kurt to sing “ The Time Warp ” from The Rocky Horror Show .
Three seconds later , cue Murphy ’s response : “ Funnily enough , we are doing a Rocky Horror episode . ”
To this news , the Gleeks lost their bloody minds .
— Speaking of Kurt , Murphy reiterated that Kurt will find a boyfriend this season .
“ I wanted Kurt to have the high school experience that I did n’t have , ” said Murphy , who is openly gay .
“ I want him to have a boyfriend and for them to be prom king and king .
I think that ’s something important to put out into the world . ”
— When a fan asked Amber Riley if Mercedes will have any more solos in Season 2 , Riley deferred to Murphy , who replied in the affirmative .
“ We ’re working on an episode about religion , and we get to go with Amber ’s character to her church , ” said Murphy .
“ And Kurt comes along . ”
Upon hearing this news , Riley and Colfer looked at one another with befuddled expressions plastered on their faces .
— One Gleek asked Naya Rivera and Heather Morris what they thought about the fan response to Santana and Brittany ’s relationship , but the topic quickly turned to whether the two characters will ever kiss .
“ We ’re writing an episode where we ’re debating whether they should kiss , ” Murphy said .
“ Heather and I make out all the time , ” joked Rivera .
— And both Idina Menzel and Kristin Chenoweth will be appearing in the second season .
A few other , non-spoiler moments from the panel :
— Colfer was asked how he personally differs from the character of Kurt .
“ Well , I do n’t care for 10 - inch heels , ” replied Colfer .
“ And I had no idea who Marc Jacobs was when we shot the pilot .
I ’m really just a huge , huge nerd .
I ’m very awkward , [ whereas ]
Kurt thinks he ’s superior to everyone . ”
— When asked about cast member pet peeves , the panel turned against Amber Riley .
“ Amber videotaped me on a treadmill and then put it on Twitter ! ” said Colfer .
And apparently Riley has a way of sticking her tongue out of her mouth that drives Cory Monteith absolutely bonkers .
So , naturally , all of the female cast members now stick their tongues out at Monteith .
— Who was more intimidating to sing for : President Obama or Oprah ?
“ Oprah , ” the entire panel immediately replied .
— “ This is a show about why the arts matter , ” Murphy responded when asked for his greatest joy about working on Glee .
Murphy added that ’s he ’s received letters from high - school teachers about how Glee ‘s success has encouraged schools to reconsider cutting their music programs .
The second season of Glee premieres Sept. 21 on Fox .
PopWatchers , just how pumped are you for Glee ‘s return ?
And what do you hope to see in Season 2 that was n’t addressed the first time around ?
Courtney Stoker is a blogger , gamer , and graduate student of Victorian science fiction who describes herself as “ a science fiction fanatic of the H. G. Wells / Connie Willis / Octavia Butler / Joss Whedon / Doctor Who / Star Trek variety . ”
In other words , she ’s a bit of a geek .
She ’s also a feminist .
And these worlds :
They do not always exist in perfect harmony .
Case in point :
“ While sci fi fans do n’t mind ( and often excel at ) criticizing their sci fi shows , they are generally only supportive of criticizing that focuses on ‘ literary ’ details — - plot holes , bad writing , continuity in the canon , inconsistent application of science , ” Stoker says .
“ But as soon as you start talking about the bigger structures in a show ’s texts , like racist logic , sexism , classism , whatever , some douchey white dudes with serious entitlement issues are going to dismiss you . ”
Indeed .
So Stoker , who blogs at From Austin to A&M , agreed to answer my questions on navigating geekdom as a feminist — - from the subversive potential of Doctor Who cosplay to the social implications of sexy Star Wars corsets :
—-
SEXIST : Sci fi shows are often dominated by white guys — - either as lead characters or creators .
How can female fans — - and other fans who are n’t well - represented in that narrative — - subvert the perspectives of these shows ?
Courtney Stoker : Fan communities have the potential for an extraordinary amount of subversion .
The old school stereotype of the sci fi fan is one in which the fan does not think critically about the object of his ( obviously , the old - school sci fi fan stereotype is a dude ) fandom .
The sci fi fan collects and memorizes trivia without adding anything to the story , and this is a marker of his lack of imagination .
I think cosplay is often seen this way as well , by people who are not overly familiar with it .
Cosplay ( I use this term very broadly , encompassing the related activities of dressing like a character , wearing sci fi show - related items of clothing — - even if it ’s just a Doctor Who scarf with regular clothes — - and role - playing as a character ) is usually seen as straight - up copying and appropriation , in the same way that collecting is usually depicted as the uncritical consumption of a franchise .
Even fan fiction , that extraordinary genre , is sometimes seen by the non-initiated as a sign of a lack of creativity and talent — - most fan fic writers even separate their fan fic from their “ real ” writing .
But all three of these activities — - collection ( of physical items and knowledge ) , cosplay , and fan fiction — are places where the fan can critically talk back to , interpret , and deconstruct the object of her fandom .
Perhaps unsurprisingly for a graduate student studying English literature , my preferred method of subverting science fiction TV ( and the fan communities of which I am a part ) is literary critique .
I do this through my blog , mostly , but plan on doing academic research later in my career .
Critical writing has the upside of being taken more seriously by other fans and non-fans , even in blogging .
It ’s also something I do well , but it can lack the joy of cosplay , for example .
Any act of participation in the creation and deconstruction of the show can be a radical act .
By cosplaying , by writing or reading fan fic , by blogging about the ( good and bad ) choices made by the writers , a fan asserts her importance , her active consumption and interaction with the material .
She is not a passive consumer , forced to accept the narratives and values given to her , but a creator and a critic .
All of which is not to say that it is n’t important for sci fi shows to get their collective acts together , and start portraying the experiences and narratives of people who are n’t white dudes .
But a fan who loves these shows does n’t necessarily need to feel guilty about loving them , because she can subvert their weaknesses and actively participate in them .
SEXIST : What obstacles have you encountered in raising a feminist viewpoint in geek / subculture communities ?
CS : I should preface this answer by letting you know I have n’t been at it very long .
I ’ve only been a sci fi fan for a few years .
And I stayed away from certain fandoms because of their reputations .
I ’m a Star Trek fan who does n’t care about canon and finds the original series unwatchable , so I steered clear of ST forums and fan spaces .
I love Joss Whedon ( LOVE him ) and everything he ’s ever done , but I ’d heard horror stories about how horrifyingly sexist those fan spaces are ( * cough cough * Whedonesque ) , so I did n’t touch them .
I think the only reason I even tried to participate on Doctor Who fan forums is because a ) it had been a while since I ’ve posted on forums , and I forgot how bad and emotionally exhausting they can be and b) Doctor Who fandom is U.K. - based .
I have this ( entirely inaccurate ) fantasy of the U.K. , where it ’s just the U.S. , but with more socialism and no Tea Partiers .
But being based in the U.K. also meant that the fandom did n’t have the reputation that , say , Whedon fandom has .
I just assumed that a British sci fi fan community would be feminist - friendly and safe .
And I had fallen in love with this show with the breathless abandon of a teenager falling in love for the first time .
It consumed my life and I talked and thought about it constantly .
I watched all four seasons in the space of two weeks , and was literally sobbing the entire last ten minutes of David Tennant ‘s finale .
I had n’t been this passionate about a show since Buffy , and I wanted desperately to share that love with other fans .
Unfortunately , that love and passion made me a little vulnerable .
I joined Gallifrey Base , the biggest DW forum out there , with an inordinate amount of trust and enthusiasm , and was promptly crushed for my trouble .
I lasted a whole week or two before being told that I was a crazy , over - emotional lady , using my crazy , over - emotional lady problems to ruin everyone ’s good - natured fun .
I avoided forums after that , but still listened to podcasts and found a few Doctor Who blogs that were n’t overly upsetting .
I ’ve blogged about Doctor Who and geek culture quite a bit lately , and I ’d say about half of the responses I ’ve received have been positive ( and a few bright shining ones have been thanking me for saying what needed to be said ) .
The others vacillate between mocking me for being a lady ( the implication being that I am silly to talk about feminism or sci fi like I Know Things , on account of my obviously inferior lady - brain ) , mocking me for being a feminist ( usually one Made of Straw ) , accusing me of inserting my dirty lady - feelings ( irrelevant and irrational ! ) into a discussion of sci fi/geek culture , and determining that I am a Bad Feminist for any number of reasons .
It ’s hard , sometimes , because I only talk about sci fi things because I am a fan .
Sci fi is a huge part of my life and my research .
To have members of this community tell me that I am not qualified to Talk About Things on account of being a lady or a feminist is exhausting and disempowering .
When I first forayed into this community , I thought that it would be progressive , feminist , and proud of its lady members ( and not , you know , for their boobs ) .
It ’s been a hard let - down .
While sci fi fans do n’t mind ( and often excel at ) criticizing their sci fi shows , they are generally only supportive of criticizing that focuses on “ literary ” details — - plot holes , bad writing , continuity in the canon , inconsistent application of science .
But as soon as you start talking about the bigger structures in a show ’s texts , like racist logic , sexism , classism , whatever , some douchey white dudes with serious entitlement issues are going to dismiss you .
( It ’s actually sort of funny , because they can’t really , like the rest of the world of douchey white dudes , tell you you ’re reading too much into the show , or taking the show too seriously , because ten minutes ago , they were posting about insignificant detail x in an episode that aired 20 years ago . )
If I complain about the complete lack of plot in Avatar , for example , I ’ll hear murmurs of consent in a room full of geeks .
If I say Avatar is inexcusably racist , however , that same room will suddenly get defensive .
SEXIST : Because these communities situate themselves outside the mainstream , is there any reluctance to recognize that mainstream forms of sexism — - like privileging male voices or objectifying women — - could be a problem in the community ?
CS : Absolutely .
Geek communities ( particularly , in my experience , geek men ) see themselves as outside of mainstream in several ways .
They often consider themselves counter - cultural ( in the U.S. , this seems to be linked to the current trend of anti-intellectualism ) , progressive , and isolated .
Because geeks situate themselves outside of the mainstream , it ’s difficult for them to either accept that sexism is a problem in the community ( this is so patently obvious , however , that only the most sexist of geeks will not acknowledge it ) or that sexism in the community is not a special and different case of sexism .
The idea that geek sexism is unrelated to mainstream sexism is related to the Growing Up Geek narrative .
In the narratives about Growing Up Geek , geeks often frame their geekiness as a disability ; these narratives make it sound like the vast majority of geeks grow up without any institutional power , even when the geeks in question are white , straight , cis-gendered , abled , middle - to upper - class , and male .
The responses to the oft - asked , “ Why are geek communities so goddamn sexist all the time ? ” often begin with the special case of Growing Up ( a Male ) Geek .
The narrative goes something like this :
Geeks are smarter than everyone else , and ladies like hot , not smart , so geek men have almost no contact with women until they become adults .
They ’re socially stunted and bitter about their lifelong rejection by women , so they lash out at women to make themselves feel better .
The cause of their sexism is their sexual frustration , not mainstream misogyny , even though many tellers of the Growing Up ( a Male )
Geek narrative will admit that male geeks often find the hypermasculine standard of our misogynist culture to be an obstacle to their social acceptance .
The problem with this narrative and how it functions in conversations about geek misogyny is that the hypermasculine standard that leads to geek men feeling disenfranchised while growing up is the result of a patriarchal culture .
By becoming misogynists , geek men actually reinforce the sexist standards that lead to them getting beat up or made fun of as kids .
Patriarchy is still to blame .
And the inability to recognize this , not only by the individual geeks who become misogynists , but by critics of geek culture , makes sexism in these communities difficult to diagnose and counteract .
Secondly , very few geeks who cite the Growing Up Geek narrative are actually that institutionally disenfranchised .
It ’s particularly precious to see white straight dudes complaining about how marginalized they were growing up .
While I certainly do n’t want to disregard these geek men ’s experiences — undergoing daily abuse , whether verbal or physical , for one ’s geekiness is certainly disempowering and not acceptable — the experience of Growing Up Geek is not equivalent to a lack of institutional power .
And since a lot of the sexism in geek cultures come from the actual media and events — - video games , television shows , award committees , cons — the most prevailing sexism is actually coming from geeks who control the media .
Talk about institutional power !
The Growing Up Geek narrative is , in most of these conversations about sexism , a hand - waving exercise , designed to make women feel sorry for geek men and forgive them for the sexism that is present in their community , while obfuscating the fact that misogyny comes not just from miscellaneous geek assholes , but from positions of power and wealth in our communities and in culture at large .
SEXIST : How do female fans navigate worlds where men are often heroes and women are often objects ?
How does that dichotomy contribute to the subjective identity of the female sci-fi fan ?
CS : Obviously , women are going to internalize the perceptions of women in these narratives , in a similar way that women internalize the impossible standards of beauty depicted by magazine or advertising images or the male gaze found in films .
When your favorite media shoves women into refrigerators , sexualizes violence against women , and aggressively objectifies women , it ’s easy to internalize misogyny .
Lots of geek girls reject everything feminine when growing up , so as to fit in with the boys .
Lots of geek women still devalue their own gender by figuring themselves as different from regular , silly , squeeing , stupid women , as one of the boys .
These women regularly agree with geek men who , for example , assume that any show with a primarily female fan base must be crap .
They regularly agree that women , as a category , do n’t get or do n’t write good science fiction , but they are an exception .
It ’s a classic move of the anti-feminist .
Sure , Sarah Palin may want power and position , an exception to what she believes is good for women , but only because she ’s special .
She ’s one of the boys .
She hunts wolves from helicoptors !
I do n’t think this is necessarily strategic .
While it ’s difficult , when you ’re an intelligent and awesome woman , to consider yourself inferior to male geeks , there ’s a lot of internalized misogyny from the way that women are portrayed in your favorite media .
It ’s a contradiction that ’s difficult to rationalize .
SEXIST : What do you think about women gaining an entry into sci- fi worlds through the creation of object - heroes ?
I ’m thinking about Femme Doctors in high - heels and corsets , and lady Stormtroopers in halter - tops .
CS : This is where some geek women find their acceptable place in geek communities , because even the most sexist of geek men is going to be okay with women being around as long as they ’re dressed up like sex objects .
Too often , women in geek cultures are only welcomed if they are decoration , sexy versions of the the things geek men love , not equal participants or fellow fans .
Forever Geek ( one of the very few non-feminist blogs I bother with ) , for example , has , in the just the past two months , posted with glee about female models naked except for high heels and stormtrooper helmets gracing skateboards , a car wash in which women dressed in sexy Princess Leia costumes washed cars , and Star Wars corsets .
Geek communities love women , as long as their members do n’t have to think of those women as people .
And cosplay has become an unfortunate site of , as you so aptly put it , the creation of object - heroes .
I find the femme Doctor trend in Doctor Who cosplay to be simultaneously irritating and wonderful , and that ’s because it ’s complicated .
Some women do the femme Doctor that you describe — miniskirts , high heels , corsets .
Some of this is capitulation to the object - hero trend , a result of internalized sexism and wanting to be accepted into this community .
Some of this is also an attempt to reclaim femininity and female sexuality within a community that does n’t often recognize those things as legitimate .
While I see value in that , these Doctors also suggest to me that a female Doctor would necessarily be useless decoration , because she sure is n’t going to save the world in high heels and a corset .
But that ’s not the whole picture of femme Doctor cosplay , however .
In researching my recent cosplay post ( in which I addressed the femme Doctor trend ) , I actually found more pictures of creative , sensible ( and still , many times , sexy ) femme Doctor costumes , in which the fans wore clothing in which an actual female Doctor could function .
And this manifestation of the Doctor , who is feminine but not a useless object , is , I think , the site of the most potential subversion .
These femme Doctor costumes make up for a deficit in the actual show and the fan community , allow female fans to see themselves as the unquestionable heroes of the show , and make it clear that the role of female fans and female characters should not be decoration or objectified sidekick .
These fans are not simply eye candy for male fans , but a representation of what a female Doctor , a female hero , could look like , and these cosplays make it increasingly clear that Doctor Who is doing its female viewers ( and , frankly , its male viewers as well ) a disservice by only including female characters as sidekicks and love interests .
UPDATE : Now with a very special bonus question !
Photo via Forever Geek .
Calls for the impeachment of Federal Judge Martin Feldman are growing louder as outrage mounts over his June 22 decision to overturn President Obama ’s moratorium on deep - ocean oil well drilling .
The president imposed the moratorium in response to BP ’s Deepwater Horizon disaster that continues to gush millions of barrels of crude oil daily into the Gulf of Mexico .
Yet , Judge Feldman ruled , “ If some drilling equipment parts are flawed , is it rational to say all are ? …
That sort of thinking seems heavy - handed and rather overbearing . ”
Feldman , appointed by President Reagan to the U.S. District Court for Louisiana in 1983 , owns extensive stocks in oil companies and oil drilling corporations including Halliburton , whose hasty , slipshod , cementing of the well failed leading to the BP disaster .
In a clumsy attempt to cover up his conflict of interest , Feldman contacted his stockbroker on June 21 , the day of the hearing on the moratorium , ordering him to sell his stocks in Exxon - Mobil the next day .
As the firestorm got hotter , Feldman sent a letter to the court ’s administrative office claiming he unloaded his Exxon - Mobil “ prior to the opening of a court hearing on the spill moratorium case . ”
However , the Wall Street Journal caught the judge in his lie : “ Feldman still owned the Exxon - Mobil stock on the day he heard the appeal .
He benefited directly from his decision , announced the next day , to overturn the drilling moratorium , a classic conflict of interest . ”
A coalition of environmental organizations went back to the court July 2 and asked Judge Feldman to reverse his decision .
“ The court ’s financial holdings in various companies involved in oil and gas drilling raise in an objective mind a reasonable question concerning the court ’s impartiality in these proceedings , ” their legal motion declared .
Among those asking Feldman to recuse himself were the Sierra Club , the Natural Resources Defense Council and Defenders of Wildlife .
Their brief cites Feldman ’s 2009 financial disclosure statement that he owned stocks in Exxon - Mobil , Halliburton , Ocean Energy , Quicksilver Resources , Prospect Energy , Peabody Energy , Pengrowth Energy Trust , Atlas Energy Resources , Parker Drilling , and others .
Lisa Graves , executive director of the Center for Media and Democracy put it more bluntly .
“ The initiation of an impeachment effort is the only democratic remedy for such disregard for the interests of justice . ”
She added , “ Initiating impeachment against Judge Feldman would draw an important line in the sand for other judges who might rule in favor of the industries they invest in ….
This marker is essential given recent federal decisions like ‘ Citizens United ’ and other cases that have sought to expand ‘ corporate rights ’ at the expense of the people . ”
Feldman earlier ignited outrage when he dismissed a lawsuit by 50 people who live in the Clipper Estates in suburban New Orleans , who complained that the owner of Clipper Estates who was also president of the New Orleans Home Builders Association had swindled them out money allocated to them for reconstruction of their homes after Hurricane Katrina .
The homeowners charged that the defendant pocketed the money in violation of RICO ( The Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ) .
Judge Feldman ruled that the plaintiffs had no standing under RICO .
Photo : A controlled burn of some of the oil spilling in the Gulf of Mexico from the Deepwater Horizon explosion .
( Deepwater Horizon Response / CC )
At E3 2010 , Sony showed off the first glimpse to what Cole MacGrath will encounter when he makes his electrifying return in inFamous 2 . inFamous 2 which was announced a week ago will be coming exclusively to the ps3 .
Blamed for the destruction of Empire City and haunted by the ghosts of his past , reluctant hero Cole MacGrath makes a dramatic journey to the historic Southern city of New Marais in an effort to discover his full super - powered potential â€ ” and face a civilization - ending confrontation with a dark and terrifying enemy from his own future .
Check out the E3 2010 inFamous 2 trailer in HD below
Source
Professor Bob Anderson from the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute in Melbourne , Australia , has identified the three protein fragments that make gluten -- the main protein in wheat , rye and barley -- toxic to people with celiac disease .
His discovery opens the way for a new generation of diagnostics , treatments , prevention strategies and food tests for people with celiac disease .
Credit : Czesia Markiewicz , Walter and Eliza Hall Institute
Walter and Eliza Hall Institute scientists have identified the three protein fragments that make gluten - the main protein in wheat , rye and barley - toxic to people with coeliac disease .
Their discovery opens the way for a new generation of diagnostics , treatments , prevention strategies and food tests for the millions of people worldwide with coeliac disease .
When people with coeliac disease eat products containing gluten their body 's immune response is switched on and the lining of the small intestine is damaged , hampering their ability to absorb nutrients .
The disease is currently treated by permanently removing gluten from the patient 's diet .
Dr Bob Anderson , head of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute 's coeliac disease research laboratory , said it had been 60 years since gluten was discovered to be the environmental cause of coeliac disease .
" In the years since , the holy grail in coeliac disease research has been to identify the toxic peptide components of gluten ; and that 's what we 've done , " Dr Anderson said .
The research , done in collaboration with Dr Jason Tye - Din , Dr James Dromey , Dr Stuart Mannering , Dr Jessica Stewart and Dr Tim Beissbarth from the institute as well as Professor Jamie Rossjohn at Monash University and Professor Jim McCluskey at the University of Melbourne , is published in today 's issue of the international journal Science Translational Medicine .
The study was started by Professor Anderson nine years ago and has involved researchers in Australia and the UK as well as more than 200 coeliac disease patients .
The patients , recruited through the Coeliac Society of Victoria and the Coeliac Clinic at John Radcliffe Hospital , UK , ate bread , rye muffins or boiled barley .
Six days later , blood samples were taken to measure the strength of the patients ' immune responses to 2700 different gluten fragments .
The responses identified 90 fragments as causing some level of immune reaction , but three gluten fragments ( peptides ) were revealed as being particularly toxic .
" These three components account for the majority of the immune response to gluten that is observed in people with coeliac disease , " Dr Anderson said .
This knowledge has already been used by Melbourne - based biotech company , Nexpep Pty Ltd , to develop a ' peptide - based ' immunotherapy that aims to desensitise people with coeliac disease to the toxic effects of gluten .
Nexpep 's
Phase 1 trials of the therapy were completed in June and final results are expected in coming months .
The immunotherapy works by exposing people with coeliac disease to small amounts of the three toxic peptides and is based upon the same principles as desensitisation for allergies .
Dr Anderson said although coeliac disease could be managed with a gluten - free diet , compliance with the diet is often challenging and nearly half the people on the diet still have residual damage to their small intestine .
" Consequently , the immunotherapy and three other drugs are under development to help people with coeliac disease . "
Explore further Vaccine trial flags challenge to celiac disease
Provided by Walter and Eliza Hall Institute
So we 've already had HTC , Nokia and RIM give us their side of Apple 's odd attempt to downgrade the entire smartphone industry , now it 's Samsung 's turn — which says " Reception problems have not happened so far " on Omnia II .
Advertisement
The complete quote from Samsung , which had its Omnia II smartphone rudely thrown up on Apple 's antenna presentation , follows .
Samsung says the Omnia 's antenna is on the other side of the phone , which presumably means only left - handed people will be afflicted .
And who cares about them ?
[ winking smiley face to all left - handed readers ]
" The antenna is located at the bottom of the Omnia 2 phone , while iPhone 's antenna is on the lower left side of the device .
Our design keeps the distance between a hand and an antenna .
We have fully conducted field tests before the rollout of smartphones .
Reception problems have not happened so far , and there is no room for such problems to happen in the future "
Advertisement
Which is basically " Leave us out of your shitstorm , Jobs . " [ Korea Herald via Samsung Hub ]
A penniless conman was jailed for five years today for an ambitious scam to sell the Ritz hotel for £ 250 million .
Jobless lorry driver Anthony Lee , 49 , from Goole , East Yorkshire , found victims who were interested in the high - stakes world of trophy properties and sucked them in with false promises until they handed over £ 1 million , London 's Southwark Crown Court heard .
Lee was convicted earlier this month of obtaining the £ 1 million payment by deception .
Sentencing him today , Judge Stephen Robbins described the offence as an " elaborate and outrageous scam " .
The judge sentenced Lee to five years , less the 25 days he has already served in custody .
" You were found guilty by a jury of this elaborate and outrageous scam , purporting to sell the Ritz hotel , thereby obtaining £ 1 million from your victim , " he said .
Lee convinced potential buyer Terence Collins that he was a " close friend and associate " of the reclusive billionaire Barclay brothers , owners of the prestigious hotel in Piccadilly .
But Sir Frederick and Sir David Barclay had never even heard of Lee and were completely unaware he was claiming to be able to sell the landmark building from under their noses .
Mr Collins sought the support of Dutch billionaire financier Marcus Boekhoorn to finance the £ 1 million payment in December 2006 , telling him the reclusive Barclay brothers had " secretive reasons " for selling The Ritz through a third party .
But the sale never happened , the promised paperwork never materialised and the money was never returned , the jury heard .
Lee claimed in court that the £ 1 million payment related to a separate property deal he had with Mr Collins .
The court heard Mr Collins agreed to refer to the payment as an introductory fee for a deal in Flaxby , North Yorkshire , " for accounting reasons " - despite Mr Boekhoorn , whose money it was , never having heard anything about this .
During the four - week trial , Lee , an undischarged bankrupt who had a police caution for theft and was behind with his rent at the time of the scam , insisted he was just a " straight - talking Yorkshireman " .
The judge told him : " This con or scam or sting , whatever term is used , was probably motivated by your mistaken belief that Terry Collins had deprived you of another potentially lucrative property deal and it may be that this offence was done out of revenge . "
The judge made a judicial commendation for Detective Sergeant Garry Ridler , who led the two - year investigation for North Yorkshire Police .
After the hearing , Det Sgt Ridler said he welcomed the sentence and said Lee 's actions had not been " victimless " .
" It was well - planned , it was well thought out and there were victims , " he said .
" Reputations were ruined . "
Earlier , Nicholas Johnson , for Lee , told the court his client was diabetic , suffered from kidney disease and had been the main carer for his partner until his conviction .
He said : " The custodial setting has hit him hard .
He is very different in his aspect . "
During the trial , the court heard almost the first thing Lee did when the money landed in his account was transfer £ 435,000 to his friend Patrick Dolan , 68 .
Dolan said he blew the money on having a good time .
Lee , of Broad Lane , Beal , Goole , East Yorkshire , was convicted of obtaining the £ 1 million payment by deception .
He was cleared of conspiracy to defraud between January 1 2006 and March 30 2007 .
Retired Dolan , of Philip Lane , Tottenham , north London , was also cleared of the conspiracy charge .
Giving your photos meaningful names makes it significantly easier to keep tabs on them .
Of course , renaming each and every photo by hand is not particularly practical , especially if you take dozens or even hundreds of photos each day .
This is when digiKam ’s Rename feature can come in rather handy .
You can use it to define rather advanced renaming rules and apply them to multiple photos in one fell swoop .
To put the Rename tool to practical use , select the photos you want to rename and press the Rename button in the main toolbar ( you can also choose Image | Rename or press F2 ) .
The Rename dialog window offers a vast range of renaming options which allow you to create complex renaming rules .
But you might want to start with a simple rule that renames photos using the date and time data .
To do this , press the Date & Time button and select Image from the Source drop - down list .
This will pull the date and time info from the photo ’s metadata .
Next , you have to specify a date / time format by selecting the appropriate item from the Format drop - down list .
If none of the available formatting options satisfy you , select the Custom item , which lets you construct the formatting string manually .
For example , the yyyyMMdd-hhmmss formatting string produces file names like 20100531 - 173501 and 20100701 - 110111 , while the MMM - dd - yyyy - dddd string generates names like May - 31 - 2010 - Monday and June - 01 - 2010 - Tuesday .
The clever part is that you can immediately see the result of the renaming string right below the Format field .
For a full list of available formatting options , check the official Qt documentation .
Besides date and time , the Rename dialog window offers a few other useful options .
The Camera button , for example , allows you to add the camera model to the file name .
This can be useful if you are using several cameras and you want to quickly identify photos taken with a specific camera .
The Metadata button gives you access to EXIF and other photo metadata you can use in renaming rules .
Next to the field where you enter the renaming rule , there is a button that lets you specify so - called modifiers or actions that will be applied to the file names during the renaming operation .
For example , using the Change Case modifiers , you can convert all file names to lower or uppercase , or capitalize the first letter .
Here is a quick overview of other useful modifiers :
Trimmed – Removes leading , trailing , and extra spaces .
Unique – Adds unique numerical values to identical file names .
Replace – Performs search and replace .
The modifier supports regular expressions .
Range – Lets you specify a specific fragment of the file name for the renaming rule .
For example , the { 5 -} modifier in the [ file ] { 5 - } rule removes the first four characters of the file name , so IMAG0113.jpg , IMAG0351.jpg , and IMAG0573.jpg are renamed to 0113.jpg , 0351.jpg , and 0573.jpg
While digiKam offers a wide range of other features that can help you to keep tabs on your photos , it ’s worth experimenting with the Rename tool .
This way , you can quickly locate or identify specific photos even when digiKam is not running .
Unite said on Monday that it planned a legal challenge over the decision by BA chief executive Willie Walsh to strip striking crew of their travel privileges – allowing them flights anywhere on the BA network for just a tenth of the usual fare .
A 19 year old Pennsylvanian man has been arrested after stopping to check his account on social networking website Facebook whilst burgling a house , and then forgetting to log out again .
According to The Journal of West Virginia , Jonathan G. Parker , of Fort Loudoun , PA , is alleged to have stolen two diamond rings from the property , worth more than $ 3,500 .
The victim called police after noticing evidence of a break in through a bedroom window and other signs that there had been an intruder looking around her home .
She later also noticed that the burglar had used her computer and that his Facebook account was still logged in , and realised that she was missing two diamond rings that had been in her dresser which was located in the same room as the computer .
A friend of the victim happened to know where Parker was staying so as part of the investigation police went to the address .
There they found a friend of his who said that the alleged burglar did n't live there but visited him occasionally .
He also revealed that on the night before the incident occurred Parker had asked him if he wanted to help with the break in , although his friend had refused .
Parker has been arraigned of one count of felony daytime burglary and remains in custody , with a bail of $ 10,000 .
If found guilty of the theft he could face between one and ten years in prison , a large price to pay for a small Facebook addiction .
Toshiba and Intel have announced a collaborative project to get a new tablet computer into Japanese schools .
The Atom - powered CM1 notebook / tablet will have a rotating touchscreen display , and feature wireless connectivity to electronic blackboards and classroom projectors .
Available from August to a Japanese market , the release of the CM1 is in response to a policy of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications , which aims to provide digital textbooks for all elementary and junior high school students by 2015 .
The educational tablet computer combines Intel 's Learning Series hardware reference design and Toshiba 's expertise in creating portable low power , rugged solutions .
It packs an Intel 1.66GHz Atom N450 processor , a 160 GB HDD and 2GB of memory .
The CM1 packs a 10.1 inch resolution touchscreen display that rotates 180 degrees to fold flat over the keyboard , so that users can both type and touch
Its 10.1 inch , 1366 x 768 resolution touchscreen display supports pen/ stylus input and rotates 180 degrees to fold flat over the keyboard , so that users can both type and touch .
There 's 802.11a/b/g/n as well as ethernet , rotary webcam and a couple of USB ports .
Its enclosed in a slip - resistant rubber coating and runs on Windows 7 32 - bit Professional edition .
white noise n. sound or electrical noise that has a relatively wide continuous range of frequencies of uniform intensity
Do you want to have a great sleep ?
Do you want to stop your baby from crying ?
Do you want to mask outside sounds ?
Do you want to simply relax ?
You need white noise .
No matter where you are , our free white noise player is always available .
You only need an Internet connection .
Just select your favorite channel .
This free service runs 24 hours a day .
Important notice : Flash will be completely removed from all browsers by December 31 , 2020 .
Please consider that this website will no longer function after this date .
Thank you for all the support .
It 's been 10 great years but all good things come to an end .
All content copyright © 2010 - 2020 WhiteNoisePlayer.com
All rights reserved .
We provide this service free of charge .
We are not responsible for any side effects that may occur .
users online
All content copyright © 2010 - 2020 WhiteNoisePlayer.com
All rights reserved .
We provide this service free of charge .
We are not responsible for any side effects that may occur .
Gemelli with Asparagus , Ricotta , Arugula , and Lemon Zest Think you know how to boil pasta ?
Think again :
Here 's the recipe ! »
My wife and doorman have got a pretty sweet deal .
All they have to do is nothing , and they get hot , fresh food delivered to them several times a day .
Of course , they do have to be content with eating , say , fried chicken and nothing else for a month as I test a recipe , and of course there 's the never - ending supply of burgers , but all in all , they 've pretty much got it made .
So you can imagine my surprise the other day when I walked into the kitchen and saw my wife cooking , and my even greater surprise when I realized she was cooking pasta — in our smallest pot — at a simmer .
The water was barely covering the noodles as she stirred them to keep them submerged .
" You ca n't do that ! "
I exclaimed before launching into a diatribe about how when cooking pasta , there 's always got to be at least one thing rolling , and you 'd probably prefer it to be the boil of a large pot of water , and not the Italian grandmothers in their graves .
She , being the smarty - pants that she is , of course came back with the best question she could have asked : " But why ? "
Obviously , my dear , you have n't cooked a lot of pasta in your time .
The pasta will stick together .
The starch will become too concentrated .
It will cook unevenly .
It will become mushy .
It will be nine different sorts of horrible , each one worse than the one before .
It is scientific fact that you will end up with an inedible starchy , sticky blob .
That you are reading this now is a good indicator that none of that happened .
In fact , in an incredible blow to my ego , and seemingly defying the unbreakable laws of physics , the pasta came out totally fine .
( Of course , I politely — make that sulkily — declined to eat any more than a single tester piece , citing potential paradoxes in the space - time continuum as my reason ) .
SPOILER ALERT :
It turns out that not only do you not need a large volume of water to cook pasta , but in fact , the water does not even have to be boiling .
Wait .
What ?
Let me explain :
I , and every other trained cook I know , have been taught that when cooking pasta , you need to have a large pot of boiling water .
If my wife turned out to be right , just think of the pastabilities !*
This could turn my whole pasta - cooking regime on its head .
Some serious testing was in order — I called downstairs and told my doorman that I hope he likes noodles , cause that 's gonna be his lunch for a few days .
* Thorough apologies for that and any other horrible pasta puns that may or may not appear in this article
Watching the Pot
This actually was n't the first time I had heard of this concept .
Harold McGee wrote about it in the New York Times about a year ago .
His conclusion ?
It works , but requires constant attention .
Stirring a pot of pasta constantly for 12 minutes is n't my idea of fun , so I mostly ignored his findings .
But did I judge too soon ?
Do I really have to stir the pot ?
Here are the most common reasons I 've heard for why you need to use a large volume of water :
Reason 1 . A large volume of water has a higher thermal mass , and thus keeps its temperature better than a small volume .
When you drop pasta into it , it thus re-achieves a boil much faster .
If you were to let the pasta sit in lukewarm water as it comes back up to temperature , it would be overcooked and mushy .
A large volume of water has a higher thermal mass , and thus keeps its temperature better than a small volume .
When you drop pasta into it , it thus re-achieves a boil much faster .
If you were to let the pasta sit in lukewarm water as it comes back up to temperature , it would be overcooked and mushy .
Reason 2 . A large volume of water at a rolling boil helps keep the pasta separated from each other .
The pieces are constantly agitated by the water and thus cook more evenly with fewer clumps .
A large volume of water at a rolling boil helps keep the pasta separated from each other .
The pieces are constantly agitated by the water and thus cook more evenly with fewer clumps .
Reason 3 . A small volume of water will become too starchy as the pasta cooks .
This will make the pasta more sticky when you drain it .
A small volume of water will become too starchy as the pasta cooks .
This will make the pasta more sticky when you drain it .
Reason 4 . That 's the way grandma did it .
Those are some bold claims indeed .
I decided to take a closer look at them , one by one .
To do this , it 's important to first consider exactly what happens to a piece of pasta as it cooks the traditional way , in a large pot of water .
Pasta is made up of flour , water , and sometimes eggs .
Essentially , it 's composed of starch and protein , and not much else .
Now starch molecules come aggregated into large granules that resemble little water balloons .
As they get heated in a moist environment , they absorb more and more water until they finally burst , releasing the starch molecules into the water .
That 's why pasta always seems to stick together at the beginning of cooking — its the starch molecules coming out and acting as a sort of glue , binding the pieces to each other , and to the pot .
After this stage , the starch eventually washes away into the water ( assuming that you separated the pieces of pasta by stirring ) , and the pasta pieces become individuals again .
As the pasta cooks , the starches gradually absorb more and more water , becoming softer and more edible , while the proteins begin to denature , adding structure to the noodle ( something that is much more obvious when cooking soft fresh egg - based pastas ) .
When the stars are aligned , you 'll manage to pull the pasta from the water just when the proteins have lent enough structure to keep the noodles strong and pliant , and starches have just barely softened to the perfect stage — soft , but with a bite — known as al dente .
Testing the Waters
For my first test I used gemelli .
It 's a nice , medium - sized pasta that I figured would give a good indication of how both thick and thin pastas would fare .
I brought three separate pots of water to a boil .
One with 6 quarts of water , one with 3 quarts , and one with a mere quart and a half .
After the pots came to a boil , I added the pasta .
Immediately , I noticed that despite claims that a large pot of water will hold its boil better , the difference in the time it took for each pot to come back to a full boil was no more than a few seconds at most .
In fact , the pot with 3 quarts actually came back to a boil faster than the one with 6 quarts !.
Fact is , when you are adding an equal amount of pasta to each pot , it may cause the temperature of the smaller pot of water to drop more drastically , but bringing the smaller volume back to a boil requires the exact same amount of energy as it does to bring the larger pot back to a boil .
Since a burner puts out energy at a fixed rate , your pot will return to boiling temperature ( 212 °F ) at the same rate no matter how much water you have .
Indeed , since a large pot of water has greater surface area ( and thus more places for it to lose energy to the outside environment ) , it may actually take longer to bring a large pot of water back to a boil . *
* Case in point : at my old apartment in Cambridge , the burners were so weak that a large pot of water would not boil at all unless I put a lid on it .
Granted , during the time it takes for the water to come back up to a boil , the smaller pot will be at a lower temperature than the bigger pot , but it 's only for a short period of time — is that enough to make a difference in the finished pasta ?
Nope .
Tasted side by side , all three noodles were indistinguishable from each other .
I 've heard it said that cooking pasta at a higher temperature also ensures textural variance throughout the piece — a firm core supplying the al dente bite , surrounded by softer , more fully cooked layers around the outside .
I took a close cross-sectional look at a cooked noodle , and found that once again , in all three cases , the difference was unnoticeable .
It 's tough to make out in a photograph , but you can actually see the al dente core — it appears as a slightly chalky looking white ring right in the center of the noodle .
To confirm what my mouth was already telling me , I also weighed each batch of pasta before and after cooking .
If the batches in the smaller pots were really cooking more slowly and thus getting waterlogged as has been suggested , you 'd expect them to absorb more water , when in fact , all three batches had absorbed exactly the same amount ( roughly 75 % of their dry weight ) .
Clearly , it 's time to say " pasta la vista " to Reason 1 .
A Sticky Situation
So what about that other little problem — pasta sticking to itself or the pan as it cooks ?
Well , it 's true .
Drop the pasta in the water and just leave it there , and it will indeed stick to itself .
But you know what ?
It 'll do that even in a really big pot with lots of water
The problem is that first stage of cooking — the one in which starch molecules first burst and release their starch .
With such a high concentration of starch right on the surface of the pasta , sticking is inevitable .
However , once the starch gets rinsed away in the water , the problem is completely gone .
So the key is to stir the pasta a few times during the critical first minute or two .
After that , whether the pasta is swimming in a hot tub of water or just barely covered as it is here , absolutely not sticking occurs .
I was able to clean this pot with a simple rinse .
" Impastable ! " you cry ?
Try it for yourself !
That 's goodbye to reason 2 .
Cloudy With a Chance of Delicious
Here 's where things get really interesting .
I spent a couple years working the pasta station at a restaurant known for its pasta .
We did at least a hundred covers a day , and at least three - fourths of them would have at least one pasta course .
That 's an awful lot of pasta to cook .
I cooked it all in a large , six - slot pasta cooker that held about 15 gallons of water at a constant boil .
Now at the very beginning of the shift , the pasta water was completely clear .
Obviously , as the night wore on , the water would get cloudier and cloudier , until by the end of the night , it was nearly opaque .
This cloudy , starchy pasta water is the line cook 's secret weapon .
You see , pasta water consists of starch granules and water — the exact same ingredients that go into a cornstarch slurry .
You know — the kind you use to thicken your sauces ?
Well , aside from just thickening a sauce , starch also acts as an emulsifier .
It physically gets in the way of tiny fat molecules , preventing them from coalescing .
This means that with a bit of pasta water , even an oil - based sauce like say , aglio e olio , or cacio e pepe will emulsify in to a light , creamy sauce that is much more efficient at coating pasta , making your dish that much tastier .
Think of pasta water as the diplomat of the pasta world — he's the guy who 's there to help your sauce and your noodles get along .
N.B . Of course , this means that go into any restaurant that serves a lot of pasta , and chance are , the later in the night you go , the better the consistency of your sauce will be !
Following that logic , my goal should be to get the water as starchy as possible , the more efficiently to bind my sauce with .
I took a look at the water drained off from the batch of pasta cooked in 1 1 / 2 quarts against the one cooked in 3 quarts , and the picture above is what I saw .
Notice how much cloudier the one on the left is ?
All the better to bind you with , my dear ...
Taking this concept to the logical extreme , I tried cooking my next batch of pasta with just enough water to cover it .
Granted , I had to stir it as it cooked because the water level dropped and the pasta was poking up over the top , but in the end , my pasta was still perfectly al dente , not sticky , and provided me with the liquid on the right — that 's all the liquid that remained after draining it , and it was extraordinarily starchy .
If that now does n't prove conclusively to you that the whole idea of pasta getting too sticky because of the starch dissolved in the water is poppycock , then I can only imagine that you are not a man of science .
Reason 3 : debunked
Feeling the Heat
Now that I was completely satisfied that I could cook pasta with less water with no problems at all , I decided to run one last series of tests .
I knew that when cooking , starches start to absorb water at temperatures as low as 180 ° F or so ( that 's why a cornstarch - thickened sauce will begin to thicken well below the boiling point ) .
If we 've already proven that having a rolling boil is not necessary to cook pasta , I wondered : is it actually necessary to have a boil at all ?
Could I not just make sure my water was above 180 °F at all times ?
I brought one last small pot of water to a boil and dumped in my pasta .
After allowing it to come back up to a simmer , I stirred it once to ensure that the pasta was n't sticking to itself or the pot , immediately threw a lid on the thing , and shut off the burner , knowing that in the ten to twelve minutes it took the pasta to cook , my pot would lose at most four to five degrees , keeping it well within the 180 + comfort zone .
I have to admit : even I was a little skeptical on this one .
I mean , cook pasta without even boiling it ?
As my timer slowly counted down , I tried to list off noodle shapes in my head alphabetically just to pasta time away .
If this really works , it'd be huge , I thought .
I 'd never cook pasta the same way again !
All that wasted heat bringing a huge pot of water to a boil and maintaining it there !
Think of how cool my kitchen would stay in the summer !
This method could solve our energy crisis !
Or at the very least , save me a couple bucks on my gas bill each month .
I 'd no longer have to be such a , ahem ... penne pincher .
When the timer finally went off , I opened the lid and poked around a little .
So far so good .
The pasta sure looked cooked , and tasting it revealed al dente perfection .
Success !
Thanks to my wife , I am now a changed man ( at least as far as pasta goes — I still demand that I get control at least over how the burgers are cooked around here )
Oh — and as for Reason 4 ?
It does n't apply to me .
My grandmother was Japanese .
Those times that she cooked spaghetti ?
She was just being an impasta .
Final Notes
Finally , just a few quick tips regarding both this method , and cooking pasta in general :
Do n't try it with fresh pasta .
This is one case where waiting for the water to heat back up actually does result in mushy pasta , like the hand - made fettuccine above .
Fresh egg pasta is simply too absorptive , and lacks any structure until the egg proteins start to set .
.
This is one case where waiting for the water to heat back up actually does result in mushy pasta , like the hand - made fettuccine above .
Fresh egg pasta is simply too absorptive , and lacks any structure until the egg proteins start to set .
It wo n't work with really long shapes .
In order to cook pasta like this , it needs to be completely submerged in a small volume of water .
Spaghetti , fettuccine , and other long shapes that need to soften before they can be fully submerged thus wo n't work unless you first break the noodles in half .
.
In order to cook pasta like this , it needs to be completely submerged in a small volume of water .
Spaghetti , fettuccine , and other long shapes that need to soften before they can be fully submerged thus wo n't work unless you first break the noodles in half .
Do season the water .
Some people claim that adding salt helps raise the water 's boiling point , thus cooking the pasta faster .
Do n't believe them .
The difference you get is at most a half a degree or so — nowhere near enough to make a difference , particularly because as we now know , you do n't even have to use boiling water .
But salt is necessary for another reason :
It makes the pasta taste good .
.
Some people claim that adding salt helps raise the water 's boiling point , thus cooking the pasta faster .
Do n't believe them .
The difference you get is at most a half a degree or so — nowhere near enough to make a difference , particularly because as we now know , you do n't even have to use boiling water .
But salt is necessary for another reason :
It makes the pasta taste good .
Do n't bother oiling the water , and definitely do n't oil the pasta after it comes out of the pot .
Oil in the pasta water just floats on the surface .
It 's a waste , and does nothing for helping the pasta stay separated .
Besides , we 've also already shown today that given a good stir at the proper moment , you should have no problem with pasta sticking anyway .
Oiling the pasta after it comes out of the water is a good way to ensure that your sauce wo n't stick to it properly , which takes us to the next point ...
, and definitely do n't oil the pasta after it comes out of the pot .
Oil in the pasta water just floats on the surface .
It 's a waste , and does nothing for helping the pasta stay separated .
Besides , we 've also already shown today that given a good stir at the proper moment , you should have no problem with pasta sticking anyway .
Oiling the pasta after it comes out of the water is a good way to ensure that your sauce wo n't stick to it properly , which takes us to the next point ...
Sauce your pasta immediately
Have your sauce hot and ready in a separate pan right next to the boiling pasta .
As soon as you drain the pasta , transfer it to the pan with the sauce and immediately start tossing it to coat , adding reserved pasta water as necessary to adjust the consistency .
If you 're really keen on saving time and energy , you can do what I do : put half the water in the pot , and heat the other half in an electric kettle as the first half heats up .
Add the two together , and you 've got boiled water in half the time .
Then all you have to do is dump the pasta , bring it back to a boil , stir , cover , and wait .
Now that 's using your noodle !
Read the recipe below for exact instructions on how to cook pasta with this method .
Continue here for Gemelli with Asparagus , Ricotta , Arugula , and Lemon Zest »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Roux received a new stuffed animal on our departure from Buffalo .
Today , she pulled all the stuffing out and made a grand mess on the living room floor .
She ’s almost 25 pounds now .
AT
Someone should have told Barney Frank how powerful he was
Barney Frank combines stand - up comedy with a denunciation of the Republican record on Fannie , Freddie and subprime lending .
Click on image to play video .
By Ezra Klein | July 1 , 2010 ; 3:56 PM ET
Save & Share : Previous :
Who 's the ant ?
Next : Good legislation languishes , bad legislation sails through
Posted by : umesh409 | July 1 , 2010 4:36 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Patrick_M | July 1 , 2010 4:39 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : BobN1 | July 1 , 2010 5:01 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : JimPortlandOR | July 1 , 2010 5:36 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : idw3 | July 1 , 2010 5:50 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : truck1 | July 2 , 2010 9:14 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : auntim27 | July 2 , 2010 9:28 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : sold2u | July 2 , 2010 12:27 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : herb3 | July 2 , 2010 1:16 PM
| Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed .
Description
Take a journey into the explosive goodness that is Rhythm Rockets .
Light up the sky to your favorite tunes or the five preset songs in game .
Can you achieve a max rank of " S " on all songs ?
NOTE : If you can't see any rockets in the game you must update your flash player to 10 or higher !
This game simply wo n't work with any flash player lower .
If you still have issues after doing the above , please comment on my page .
Most Italian newspapers and news bulletins closed down for the day on Friday , as journalists went on strike over a government bill that would restrict reporting based on wiretaps .
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government says an anti-wiretap law is needed to protect the privacy of individuals .
However journalists are arguing it will hamper both the fight against organized crime and press reporting on corruption , though the measure is expected to exempt mafia and terrorism investigations from the restrictions .
Legal and police authorities have also criticized the proposed legislation , which was approved by the Italian senate in June and must now be passed by the lower house .
One of the bill 's provisions requires that a three - judge panel approve successive three - day extensions to an initial 75 - day warrant to wiretap conversations .
The legislation will also prevent the publication of transcripts of recordings .
The bill would see fines of up to 464,700 euros ( $ 590,000 ) for journalists or editors who flout the publication restrictions .
Pro-Berlusconi outlets still publishing
Among the only newspapers being published during the strike are pro-Berlusconi publications .
The right - wing Il Giornale , which is owned by Berlusconi 's brother , was among those to hit newsstands , despite its editor speaking out against the law .
" We are not satisfied with the gag law , " Vittorio Feltri , editor - In - chief of the newspaper , said in a video message on Il Giornale 's website , adding however that he found it " wrong to gag ourselves , losing the only means that allows us to speak to our readers . "
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe has also attacked the bill , saying it " could seriously hinder investigative journalism in Italy . "
Author : Darren Mara ( AFP / Reuters )
Editor : Martin Kuebler
Between the wooded parkland of the Bois de Boulogne and the first lazy bend of the river Seine , just to the west of Paris , there is an " island " of millionaires .
The leafy , silent streets of mansions and mansion flats are divided from the city by the Bois ; they are separated from the towering La Défense office district by the river ; and they are cut off from the bulk of Neuilly - sur - Seine , the richest town in France , by an eight - lane , urban motorway called the Avenue Charles de Gaulle .
Into this secretive enclave , there has intruded in the last couple of weeks a noisy public psychodrama of the kind that only French – or maybe American – public life could script .
At the centre of the " island " is a squat , nicotine - coloured , 1930s mansion , which is the home of 87 - year - old Liliane Bettencourt , the wealthiest woman in France and heiress to the L'Oréal cosmetics fortune .
Mme Bettencourt , a very private and allegedly very befuddled woman , has been the subject of a billion - euro family squabble for almost three years .
In the last two weeks , however , the mother and daughter spat has exploded into a state scandal with the pyrotechnic brilliance of the Bastille Day fireworks that will illuminate the Eiffel Tower tonight .
Stroll five minutes to the south of Bettencourt 's concrete mansion and you stumble on the still - grander house once occupied by the Duke and Duchess of Windsor .
Stroll 10 minutes to the north and you plunge into the unpleasant roar of the Avenue Charles de Gaulle : the once - elegant , westward extension to the Champs Elysées , now the eastward extension of the A14 autoroute used by 200,000 cars a day .
Not everyone in Neuilly - sur - Seine is super rich .
Halfway along this avenue is a comparatively modest flat where three half - Hungarian brothers were brought up in the 1960s by a courageous , abandoned , half - jewish French mother .
The second of those sons rose to become a very youthful mayor of Neuilly and a youthful – in French terms – President of the Republic , Nicolas Sarkozy .
As the mayor of Neuilly , M Sarkozy came to know Mme Bettencourt very well .
How well is a matter of dispute .
Last week , it was alleged that the Bettencourt family illegally funded M Sarkozy 's early political career with envelopes stuffed with cash .
The President angrily denied the allegation on live television on Monday night – but that particular accusation had , in fact , already been withdrawn .
And many other allegations , oddities and discrepancies remain .
Bastille Day is France 's national commemoration of the capture of the infamous fortress - prison 221 years ago – but it will be celebrated in a more schizophrenic political mood this year : part revolutionary , part fearful , part depressed , part cynical , part excited that the August holidays are approaching .
The traditional Elysée Palace garden party has been cancelled by M Sarkozy ( as a concession to the economic crisis ) .
The traditional Champs Elysée parade , a colourful demonstration of the power of the French state , from new rockets to ageing fire engines , will go ahead .
The French economy is stuttering rather than failing .
The government has yet to impose the kind of painful spending cuts envisaged in Britain or Germany .
France 's traditional alliance with Germany within the EU has been undermined by divergent views on how to respond to the recession and how best to defend the euro .
The country is divided by – but not entirely opposed to – the radical notion that French people should work beyond the age of 60 .
On the surface , non-political France remains calm and even prosperous .
Why , then , such a strange and febrile political mood ?
Even by French standards , the summer of 2010 has been wonderfully rich in drama .
Last month , the France football team was knocked out of the World Cup after briefly going on strike .
The behaviour of the , mostly black , French players – brought up in the troubled multi-racial suburbs or " banlieues " of large French cities – provoked a short , nasty political debate .
" You can take these kids out of the banlieues and pay them € 8 m a year but you can't take the banlieues out of the kids , " several politicians suggested .
Some of the comments were made by politicians of the far right ( which is undergoing an upheaval of its own as the " liberal " Marine Le Pen threatens to take over and modernise her daddy 's family business ) .
Other quasi- racist comments about the France team were made by senior members of M Sarkozy 's ruling centre - right party , the Union Pour un Mouvement Populaire ( UMP ) .
This summer has also seen the trial of the alleged € 5bn rogue trader , Jerome Kerviel .
His ambitious activities in 2007 - 08 occurred in La Défense , just across the river from Mme Bettencourt 's mansion .
La Défense is the biggest and the most lucrative office development in Europe : a kind of Manhattan - sur - Seine .
Last year , it almost fell under the political leadership of a 23 - year - old law student , who was – entirely coincidentally , the country was assured – President Sarkozy 's younger son , Jean .
Cue ironic pause .
For delinquency in the French suburbs – and a sense of entitlement and immunity on a mega scale – it seems you do n't have to go to the crumbling , drug - haunted housing estates of Seine Saint Denis or Essonne .
You can also visit the calm streets and glass skyscrapers of the " rich " banlieues , just west of Paris , also known as " Sarkoland " .
The Bettencourt scandal is threatening to the President partly because of when it happened ( at a time when ordinary French people are being asked to accept job losses and public - spending cuts ) .
It is even more dangerous because of where it happened , in Sarkozy 's own political and spiritual heartland .
The legal ins and outs of the affair may never be elucidated ; and certainly not before the presidential election of 2012 .
But the political damage to M Sarkozy may already be irreparable .
President Sarkozy was elected in 2007 as as new kind of politician .
He was not part of the Old France of old money and old values and its self - preserving ( and self - serving ) administrative - political élite .
He was a partly foreign , anti-intellectual bling - bling product of a can - do New France of new money , enterprise , advertising , the media and the law .
Unlike most other centre - right politicians , he had never been convincingly accused of corruptly financing his political career .
He promised to bring " rupture " from the old , self - satisfied , immobile France .
He would reconcile France with enterprise and hard work and ( yes ) money .
He would remove the hidden barriers to social advancement .
He would preserve the best of France while preparing the country to compete successfully in the " real " world .
Three years on , Sarkozy 's reform programme is a series of works in progress or abandoned construction sites .
The recession , and his own mis-steps – especially the egregious Jean Sarkozy affair – have reduced his popularity and room for political manoeuvre .
French people have the impression that the Sarkozy presidency , which was supposed to be all about them , has been all about him : his overweening son , his Rolex watches , his noisy divorce , his trophy wife and now his billionaire friends .
The Bettencourt affair has – rightly or wrongly – punctured Sarkozy 's reputation for probity .
Worse , it has suggested that he is not a new kind of French politician at all but another political inside - trader – or rogue trader – operating not to break down barriers but to serve the interests of his own coterie of friends and backers .
The affair has a wonderful bunch of characters who could be the cast of a satirical play : Moliere rewritten for the 21st century .
There is Liliane , the lonely octogenarian billionairess , who has fallen under the spell of a gay society photographer , François - Marie Banier , aged 63 .
There is Françoise Bettencourt - Meyers , Liliane 's highly intellectual daughter .
There is Patrice de Maistre , the manager of Liliane 's € 14bn fortune and a pillar of French haut - bourgeois society .
There is Eric Woerth , the stiff and dignified employment minister , ex-budget minister and chief fundraiser for M Sarkozy 's political party , the UMP .
There is Liliane 's ex-butler , Patrice Bonnefoy , who secretly taped many of her conversations between April 2009 and May 2010 .
There is her former accountant , Claire Thibaut , who like the butler , sympathised with the fears and suspicions of Liliane 's daughters about the influence of the photographer friend , M Banier .
Three years ago , Françoise Bettencourt - Meyers brought a legal action accusing M Banier of abusing her mother 's " weakness of mind " .
Over a period of years , Liliane Bettencourt had given M Banier cash , art masterpieces and life - insurance policies worth just under € 1bn .
The affair became deeply political three weeks ago , when the butler 's secret tapes were given to the police and leaked to the press .
They suggested that President Sarkozy had tried to manipulate the justice system to block Françoise Bettencourt - Meyers ' legal action .
They suggested that Mme Bettencourt was systematically hiding part of her fortune abroad to fiddle her taxes .
They suggested that M Woerth , then budget minister in charge of hunting tax evaders , but also the party fundraiser , had asked for a job for his wife , Florence , managing Mme Bettencourt 's money .
The tapes revealed much , much more .
They painted a compellingly unpleasant portrait of the atmosphere of hypocrisy and greed among Mme Bettencourt 's friends and advisers .
The photographer M Banier – a man who claims to abhor money , like much of bohemian - artistic France – emerges from the tapes as a money - obsessed bully .
The financial adviser , M de Maistre , is seen to both detest and protect M Banier , while wheedling a large cash present out of Mme Bettencourt for the yacht " of my dreams " .
The whole affair exploded into even higher ( or lower ) politics last week .
Mme Bettencourt 's former accountant , Claire Thibaut , gave a statement to investigators .
She also gave an interview to a left - wing website , Mediapart .
She was quoted as saying that she had helped to raise an illegal € 150,000 cash payment from Mme Bettencourt to M Woerth for Sarkozy 's campaign in the 2007 presidential election .
She also said that M Sarkozy , as mayor of Neuilly , was often given envelopes stuffed with cash by Mme Bettencourt and her late husband , André .
Claire Thibaut has since repudiated the second allegation as a " romanticisation " on the part of the website .
She still insists to police that € 150,000 in illegal cash funds for the Sarkozy campaign were given to M Woerth .
Does this explain why President Sarkozy took Liliane Bettencourt 's side against her daughter , despite the considerable evidence that the old lady was being bamboozled ?
Does this explain why Mme Bettencourt 's elaborate tax evasions were not challenged by the French state ?
In Monday night 's live television interview , President Sarkozy furiously denied all charges and accused parts of the media and his political opponents of inventing " disgraceful " calumnies to derail his reform programme .
He had never , he said , taken envelopes stuffed with cash from the Bettencourt family .
He was not a " man of money " .
If he had been , he would never have chosen to be a politician .
( This deliberately obfuscated the real point : the money was allegedly given to him to further his political career . )
M Sarkozy gave a polished , sober performance .
Even his hair seemed to be greyer than usual , as if he had finally chosen to make himself look wise and presidential rather than hungry and youthful .
It was , however , a very soft interview which evaded many important questions .
Sarkozy denied the allegations that the accountant had already withdrawn ( ie , the envelopes stuffed with cash ) .
He was never even asked about the € 150,000 allegedly given to M Woerth for the 2007 Sarkozy campaign .
He was not asked either if he had tried to block Mme Bettencourt 's daughter 's legal action .
It is too early to write off Sarkozy 's chances in 2012 .
He may still be lucky in his opponents .
The Socialists have a series of " nearly " candidates but no obvious strong contender .
His great centre - right enemy , the former prime minister Dominique de Villepin , has started his own anti-Sarko party but tends to botch his projects .
Marine Le Pen is almost certain to succeed her father , Jean - Marie , as National Front leader in January .
She plans to make the French far right more middle - class , less obsessed with the Second World War , more liberal on women 's issues : in other words , more of a gallic UKIP than a gallic BNP .
She may succeed .
She may , on the other hand , tear apart the many , mutually hating tribes of the xenophobic French hard right .
The bumpy saga of the HP Slate took another turn this week with the revelation that the product is still destined to launch with Windows 7 , albeit with a focus on the enterprise market .
Originally unveiled at CES earlier this year by Steve Ballmer , the HP Slate was touted by Microsoft as evidence that the Windows 7 platform was viable for touchscreen mobile computing products .
HP initially aimed to launch the device this year at a price of $ 1,500 , but the hardware maker appeared to change course after its high - profile acquisition of Palm .
HP confirmed a few months ago that it was dumping Windows 7 in favor of Palm 's webOS on the Slate .
The news this week that the Windows 7 slate has risen from the dead comes as a surprise .
Frankly , the entire idea behind the Windows - based HP Slate seemed odd .
HP wanted to take an operating system that is not particularly well - suited for the tablet form factor and cram it on a $ 1,500 touchscreen device with hardware specs that otherwise match the average $ 300 netbook .
The previous plan to ditch the product seemed practically like a mercy killing , because the Windows - based Slate was an obvious non-starter for the regular consumer market .
But now HP says that it has tapped Windows for the enterprise tablet market .
Engadget quotes HP Personal Systems Group VP
Todd Bradley , who said that the Slate will be " more customer - specific than broadly deployed . "
We wondered at first what HP 's product developers could be thinking , but the advantages of a Windows - powered Slate for the enterprise market start to look logical if you think about all of the highly specialized line - of - business software that only runs on Microsoft 's operating system .
However , many of these LOB applications are run only on - premises , which means that a slate running a simple remote desktop application will work just fine .
Ultimately , it looks like HP is going to pursue a two - platform strategy , using Windows for business products and webOS for the regular consumer market .
I can imagine a Windows - based Slate gaining some momentum in the healthcare industry , where the client - side IT ecosystem is very Windows - centric and there is an obvious need for portable computing .
But hospitals are also ideal examples of locations where a terminal server and a thin client can effectively bring Windows to ARM tablets .
There are other businesses with similar needs where the technology may also be practical .
A two - platform strategy can be made viable , but I think that it would be stronger if they can provide some kind of portability layer for writing touchscreen applications that work across both operating systems .
Perhaps this could be achieved by building some kind of webOS runtime for Windows , one that makes it easy to package up webOS HTML and JavaScript apps for deployment on Microsoft 's operating system .
Such an approach could boost the availability of tablet - friendly general - purpose applications that can be used alongside native Windows line - of - business software on the Windows - based Slate .
Maintaining and supporting multiple platforms in parallel can be difficult , so it 's not surprising that HP decided to put aside its Android plans while it gets mobile products with Windows and webOS ready for the market .
If webOS tablets succeed , I think it 's unlikely that HP will continue tinkering with Android .
The real question at this point is whether we will see another dramatic reversal before the Slate hits the market .
The product seems almost like the Schroedinger 's Cat of tablets .
Listing image by EMI Films
1051
HEMATITE
2nd Hematite 1051
Scheme solved .
Office room is used for management with no connection to impending invasion .
Leader is not a snake creature in dwarf skin .
4th Hematite 1051
Miners dug out a room behind the food hall .
Mar moved commodities there from the storage room .
All the commodities moved were food .
Why ?
She moved seven barrels and stopped to drink ale after the third barrel and before the fourth barrel .
6th Hematite 1051
Mule does not respond to the skin of its brother which I wear .
Taunted with " it is good to have brothers " and " I am the mule " but still it eats unconcerned .
8th Hematite 1051
Storage room was expanded but the commodities were moved to other rooms .
When ?
Mar moved the food barrels not the others .
Consider the involvement of accomplices .
Must question expansion of storage room .
9th Hematite 1051
Spoke to friend Squib about possible schemes .
She knew nothing but has been focused on the monstrous elf .
Do not think she sees the unscrupulous connections which form around us .
11th Hematite 1051
Mar cut four trees and carried the wood to the work rooms .
Must question purpose of the wood .
Later she spoke to Dett. Possible accomplice ?
Did not hear the words but Mar seemed terrified .
14th Hematite 1051
Leader bellowed at me over complaints made from a dreg .
Who ?
Suspect there is a scheme to revoke my title so unscrupulous connections will form .
Mustered substantial menace to glare with .
17th Hematite 1051
There is a little mule !
How ?
There is one mule parent .
Possible elf scheme ?
18th Hematite 1051
Worried about friend Squib .
She did not laugh when I performed impersonations .
Bludgeoned self in the head with a rock and called it the art .
Then cried and made whale noises and blubbered about cats .
No response .
20th Hematite 1051
Must question the unscrupulous birth of little mule .
Observe little mule more when it is alone .
23rd Hematite 1051
Scheme solved .
The wood is used to construct beds .
Implications are terrifying .
24th Hematite 1051
There are more living rooms .
Even counting animals the living rooms are too numerous and without purpose .
Observed rooms but could not burst into room where Exi snoozes .
25th Hematite 1051
Mule is cunning .
Told it of the refreshing ale in the prisoner room but it does not leave the food hall to consume .
Must beware .
27th Hematite 1051
Second floor of Bravemule nears completion .
Proud of the name .
Friend Squib seemed pleased with the progress .
Her safeness will come with schemes gone .﻿
<- Prev | Home | Next ->
The developers behind the KDE desktop environment have released the first beta of version 4.5 .
Although the major focus during this development cycle is stability , the release also brings some nice new features and user interface improvements .
One of the additions that I 'm particularly enthusiastic about is support for tiled window management in KDE 's KWin window manager .
This feature allows users to snap windows together in non-overlapping arrangements and resize them together , much like the behavior of Ion and other tiled desktop environments .
The feature was implemented as a Summer of Code project last year and was finally merged last month .
I 've long been a fan of tiled window management , so I 've been looking forward to seeing this feature land ever since work on it was started .
KDE 4.5 is getting a new panel notification area that is designed to be more consistent and functional .
This feature is based on a D - Bus protocol that the KDE development community has submitted to the FreeDesktop.org organization with the aim of making it a cross - desktop standard .
Although the upstream GNOME community has rejected the protocol , it has been adopted by Canonical and is used to power the new application indicator feature that is included in Ubuntu 10.04 .
One of the many advantages of the new D - Bus notification area system is that it will allow notification area menus and widgets to be rendered natively by the desktop regardless of what toolkit is used to develop the underlying applications .
KDE 's Konqueror
Web browser now has an optional WebKit - based renderer that can be used instead of the current KHTML renderer .
Although WebKit was originally built from the KHTML code base , it has evolved considerably as a result of work done by Apple , Google , and other vendors .
WebKit offers better performance and broader compatibility with Web content .
The final KDE 4.5 SC release is expected to occur in August , but users who want to get an early look can try out the new beta .
The source code is available for download from the project 's website .
For more details , refer to the official release announcement .
Once upon a time , libraries were a place for books .
A Netflix representative said just that -- " I think of libraries as places for books " -- but that , apparently , is now a minority perspective .
According to a survey by the Online Computer Library Center , more people get DVDs from libraries than from Netflix , and more than Blockbuster and Redbox combined .
Consumerist reports the survey 's numbers : Every day , public libraries loan out 2.1 million DVDs , slightly more than Netflix 's 2 million daily rentals .
Does this mean the end for libraries ?
Will DVDs crowd out books ?
Will readers abandon libraries ' print offerings for filmed entertainment ?
Probably not .
Under other economic circumstances , the DVD rental figures might be taken as another herald of the death of print culture .
But these days , borrowing movies from the library is a smart way to save money .
On her blog The Frugal Diva , Susan Kessler recently wrote , " I live in Los Angeles and the public libraries have provided me with reading material , books on CD , magazines , and fantastic DVDs including Louis Malle documentaries and ' The Simpsons Movie . ' "
Librarians are smart to have stocked their shelves with DVDs in addition to books .
As Kessler 's comment -- and pile of loot , above -- attests , she picks up reading materials with her watching materials .
Which reminds me ; I 've got some " True Blood " DVDs the library is going to want back sometime soon .
-- Carolyn Kellogg
Photo : Susan Kessler , the Frugal Diva , with bargain buys and library rentals .
Credit : Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times
I should start out by saying that I have never studied art and know very little about it .
I do n’t know what makes a good painting great , or a great painting a masterpiece , but I do know what makes one famous .
That would be any painting that even a guy like me would recognize .
This list is not about colors , depth of field , symbolism , interpretation or why the artist chose to paint on beaverboard over canvas .
This list looks at the personal lives of the people that have posed as subjects or models in 10 well known paintings – a subject that I feel is never discussed enough .
Please comment if anyone feels the information I have gathered is not entirely accurate , or if you have any other interesting facts on these subjects and models .
10 American Gothic
Artist : Grant Wood 1891 – 1942
Year Painted : 1930
Grant Wood painted American Gothic as the United States was entering the Great Depression .
Wood was looking for models that would capture the essence of hard - working Middle America .
The artist decided on using the family dentist , Dr. B.H. McKeeby ( 1867–1950 ) , to model for the older man and his sister , Nan Wood ( 1899 –1990 ) , for the younger woman .
The two , reluctantly , posed for the painting after Wood assured them that they would not be recognized .
The models never stood in front of the house , and sat separately for the painting .
The painting became one of the most famous images in the world , and one of the most parodied .
Nan married a real estate investor and spent the rest of her life as a historian for her brother ’s work .
Dr. McKeeby kept the practice that he established in 1901 in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , almost until his death .
You can see Dr. McKeeby and Nan Wood standing next to the famous painting here .
Interesting Fact :
There is something of a debate as to whether the painting is meant to depict a husband and wife .
Many experts believe that Wood painted them as a couple , originally .
It is also said that Nan Wood was embarrassed at being depicted as the wife of someone twice her age , and began telling people that the painting was of a man and his daughter .
In a letter written by Grant Wood in 1941 , he seems to confirm that the woman is the man ’s “ grown up daughter ” .
You can read the actual letter here .
9 Pinkie
Artist : Thomas Lawrence 1769 – 1830
Year Painted : 1794
Pinkie is the portrait of Sarah Barrett Moulton , who was approximately eleven years old when she was painted .
Sarah was the daughter of a wealthy Jamaican plantation owner named Charles Barrett Moulton .
She was born and raised in Jamaica , and traveled to England to further her education .
While in England her grandmother commissioned Thomas Lawrence to paint the , now famous , portrait .
Sadly , Sarah died on April 23 , 1795 , just one year after the portrait was completed , due to whooping cough , which she most likely contracted from one of her brothers .
Her brother Edward , who would later own the portrait , changed his surname to Moulton - Barrett and became the father of one of the most prominent poets of the Victorian era , Elizabeth Barrett Browning , making Sarah Elizabeth ’s aunt .
Interesting Fact : Prints of Pinkie and The Blue Boy are often sold or displayed together , as if they are related in some way , or painted by the same artist .
They are actually works by different artists , and painted a quarter century apart .
Both works are now the property of The Huntington at San Marino , California , where they hang across from one another in the same room .
8 Whistler ’s Mother
Artist : James McNeill Whistler 1834 – 1903
Year Painted : 1871
Most would consider Whistler ’s Mother a strictly all American iconic symbol .
However , many are not aware that she was actually painted , and died , outside the US .
Anna McNeill Whistler was born in 1884 in North Carolina .
In 1831 , she married widower George Washington Whistler , and inherited 3 stepchildren .
Anna gave birth to two sons , James and William .
She also had two other sons who died at a young age .
In 1842 the family moved to Russia when her husband was hired as a railway engineer .
After her husband died from cholera in 1849 , she returned to the US to live in Connecticut .
During the Civil War , Anna crossed lines to be with William , who was a surgeon in the Confederate Army .
She then went to London where James moved after getting kicked out of West Point .
Anna encouraged his painting and agreed to pose for her son .
James then painted the now famous ‘ Arrangement in Grey and Black No.1 Portrait of the Artist ’s Mother ” commonly referred to as “ Whistler ’s Mother . ”
Anna died in Hastings , England , in 1881 .
James arranged for her burial in the Borough Cemetery , and on her white gravestone is inscribed : “ Blessed are they who have / not seen / And yet have believed . ”
Interesting Fact : Anna ’s husband , George ( ” Whistler ’s Father ” ) , was actually a very prominent railroad engineer .
Stone arch railroad bridges that he built in 1841 are still in freight and passenger service in western Massachusetts .
He also invented a system of communication between the locomotive engineer and the train crew , known as ‘ Whistler ’s Trumpet ’ .
While in Russia , he served as consultant on the building of Russia ’s first major railroad , the Moscow - Saint Petersburg Railway .
He is also credited with selecting the five - foot rail gauge that is still used in Russia and neighboring countries .
For his efforts he was awarded the Order of St. Anna from Tsar Nicholas .
7 Christina ’s World
Artist : Andrew Wyeth ( 1917 – 2009 )
Year Painted : 1948
Andrew Wyeth was inspired to create this painting at his summer home in Cushing , Maine , when he was looking through his window and saw a woman crawling across a field .
The woman ’s name is Christina Olson ( 1893 -1969 ) .
Christina had a degenerative muscular disorder ( sometimes identified as polio ) that took away her ability to walk .
Wyeth met Olson and her brother , Alvaro , in 1939 when they were introduced by a woman named Betsy .
Betsy would later become the artist ’s wife , and also a summer resident in Cushing .
There are two models who posed for the woman in this painting .
The figure ’s thin legs , arms and pink dress belong to Christina Olson , who was in her mid 50 ’s at the time .
The head and torso belong to Wyeth ’s wife Betsy , who was in her mid 20 ’s at the time .
Christina Olson lived in her house her entire life , and neighbors say she had no idea that she , or her house , had become famous .
In the year 2000 , Andrew and Betsy Wyeth celebrated their 60th wedding anniversary .
Interesting Fact : A friendship developed between the artist and the Olsons , and Wyeth was even allowed to use an upstairs room as a studio .
The Olson House was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 .
You can see a photo of the Olson ’s House as it appears today here .
6 Le déjeuner sur l’herbe
Artist : Édouard Manet 1832-1883
Year Painted : 1862/63
Manet created quite a stir with the French public when this painting went on display in 1863 .
There are actually two people who modeled for the nude woman .
Manet used his favorite model , Victorine Meurent ( 1844 - 1927 ) , for the woman ’s face and his future wife , Suzanne Leenhoff ( 1830 - 1906 ) , for the woman ’s body .
Suzanne Leenhoff had a ten year relationship with Manet before they finally married in 1863 .
The two met when Suzanne , who was a musician , was hired by Manet ’s father to give Edouard and his brother , Eugene , piano lessons .
During their ten year relationship , Suzanne gave birth to a son , Leon Koella .
Both Manet and his father have been proposed as the boy ’s natural father .
Leon was introduced to other people as Suzanne ’s younger brother .
The face model , Meurent , was also an artist and had many exhibits at the prestigious Paris Salon .
The two men in the painting are Manet ’s brother , Eugene and his future brother in law , Ferdinand Leenhoff .
Interesting Fact : A painting by Victorine Meurent , called Le Jour des Rameaux or Palm Sunday , was recovered in 2004 , and is the only surviving example of her art work .
You can see the painting here .
5 The Weeping Woman
Artist : Pablo Picasso 1881 – 1973
Year Painted : 1937
If you are familiar with Picasso ’s work you will know the model used for this painting is Dora Maar ( 1909 - 1997 ) .
Maar was a French photographer , poet and painter .
She was also Picasso ’s mistress , from 1936 until 1944 .
They were introduced when she was 29 and Picasso 54 .
In the course of their relationship , Picasso said this about Maar , “ For me she ’s the weeping woman .
For years I ’ve painted her in tortured forms , not through sadism , and not with pleasure , either ; just obeying a vision that forced itself on me .
It was the deep reality , not the superficial one . ”
“ Dora , for me , was always a weeping woman … .
And it ’s important , because women are suffering machines ” .
Maar was an independent artist , but she eventually came to suffer from their relationship after after discovering she was unable to have children .
Picasso also referred to Dora as his “ private muse ” .
She spent her last years living , alone , in a house near Paris that Picasso had given her .
Interesting Fact :
In 2006 , another one of Picasso ’s portraits of her ( “ Dora Maar with Cat ” ) was auctioned at a closing price of $ 95,216,000 , making it the world ’s second most expensive painting ever sold at auction .
You can see most of Picasso ’s paintings and sketches of Dora Marr here .
4 Portrait of Adele Bloch - Bauer I
Artist : Gustav Klimt 1862 – 1918
Year Painted : 1907
Adele Bloch - Bauer was born in Vienna , Austria , in 1881 , into a wealthy Jewish banking family .
In 1899 , at age 17 , she married sugar magnate and banker Ferdinand Bloch Bauer .
Ferdinand was a major patron of Gustav Klimt , and commissioned him to paint a portrait of Adele .
In 1907 , three years and hundreds of sketches later , Adele ’s portrait was completed .
Klimt would go on to paint Portrait of Adele Bloch - Bauer II , in 1912 .
Adele was the only model to have been painted by Klimt more than once .
The Bloch - Bauers were well - established in Klimt ’s inner circle , which also included Sigmund Freud and composer Arnold Schoenberg .
Scholarly opinions differ as to whether or not Klimt and Adel were having an affair .
The Bloch - Bauers purchased 6 of Klimt ’s works , including both portraits of Adele and four of Klimt ’s mood landscapes .
On January 24 , 1925 , Adele died suddenly of meningitis , in Vienna .
In her will , she asked her husband to donate Klimt ’s paintings to the Austrian Gallery after his death .
In 1938 , when the Nazis invaded Austria , Adele ’s widowed husband had to flee abroad because of his Jewish roots , and was forced to abandon all his possessions .
His property was confiscated , including the Klimt paintings .
Interesting Fact :
In a 1945 testament by Ferdinand Bloch - Bauer , he designated his nephew and nieces , as the inheritors of his estate .
After a lengthy court battle between the United States and Austria , it was finally established in 2006 that Maria Altmann ( Bloch – Bauer ’s niece living in California ) was the rightful owner of the paintings .
Later that year , the Portrait of Adele Bloch - Bauer I was sold for a reported $ 135 million , making it one of the most expensive works of art ever to change hands .
3 Luncheon of the Boating Party
Artist : Pierre - Auguste Renoir 1841-1919
Year Painted : 1881/82
Renoir often included several of his friends in his works , and this one is no exception .
Included among many of his friends in this painting , is his future wife Aline Charigot ( the one cooing with the dog ) .
Another friend in the painting is the famous French painter Gustave Caillebotte , who is seated in the lower right .
Renoir and Aline were married in 1890 , five years after the birth of their first son , Pierre .
Aline became the love of Renoir ’s life , and she is immortalized in many of his other paintings .
They later had two more children , Jean and Claude .
Although Aline was 23 years younger than her husband , she died four years before Renoir , in 1915 .
You can see a photograph of the couple later in life here .
Interesting Fact :
Two of their sons , Pierre and Jean , became well known actors and film directors .
Jean was nominated for an Academy Award for directing the film The Southerner .
In 1975 he received a lifetime Academy Award for his contribution to the motion picture industry .
2 Portrait of Dr. Gachet
Artist : Vincent van Gogh 1853 – 1890
Year Painted : 1890
Dr. Paul Gachet ( 1828-1909 ) was a great supporter of artists and the impressionist movement , in part because he , himself , was an amateur painter .
The doctor was also friends with , and treated , famous artists such as Pissarro , Renoir , Manet and Cezanne , and amassed one of the largest impressionist art collections in Europe .
Dr. Gachet married Blanche Castets in 1868 , and had two children , Marguerite and Paul .
In May of 1890 , after van Gogh was released from an asylum for mental illness , he remained in need of medical supervision .
Van Gogh ’s brother , Theo , thought that Dr. Gachet was a good choice to treat van Gogh , because of his love for art .
During the time van Gogh spent with him , he said this about the physician “ sicker than I am , I think , or shall I say as much ” .
No one really knows what the artist meant by these words , but some believe van Gogh knew the Doctor was not fit to treat him .
On July 27 , 1890 , van Gogh went into a field to paint and shot himself in the chest with a revolver .
Dr. Gachet was summoned but his wound was inoperable and van Gogh died two days later .
It should be noted that none of van Gogh ’s family held Gachet responsible for his patients death .
Interesting Fact : Dr. Gachet practiced his art under the name Paul van Ryssel .
His most famous work is a sketch of Van Gogh on his death bed and can be seen here .
The doctors son , Paul Louis , became an art dealer after inheriting hundreds of works of art from his father .
Like his father , he was also an amateur artist , and painted under the name Louis van Ryssel .
He kept the family tradition going by also sketching Van Gogh on his death bed .
You can see a see his sketch here .
1 Mona Lisa
Artist : Leonardo da Vinci 1452 – 1519
Year Painted : c-1503-1506
I know this is an obvious choice for number 1 , but how could she not be ?
Even though Mona Lisa ’s real name and identity was first linked around 1550 , it was n’t until just a couple of years ago that it was 100 % confirmed .
Her real name is Lisa del Giocondoa , member of the Gherardini family .
She was born in Florence on the 15th of June , 1479 , and was the oldest of seven children .
At age 15 she married Francesco del Giocondo , a cloth and silk merchant .
After some business success in 1503 , her husband was able to buy a house next door to his family ’s old home , in the Via della Stufa .
It is believed that it was then that her portrait was commissioned by her husband , perhaps to celebrate their new house , or maybe to mark Lisa ’s 2nd pregnancy .
During the painting of Lisa , Da Vinci ’s handwritten notes make reference to Lisa ’s cheerful personality and her engaging laughter .
Lisa and Francesco had five children : Piero , Camilla , Andrea , Giocondo and Marietta .
Lisa also raised Bartolomeo , the son of Francesco and his first wife , who died just a year after he was born .
Daughters Camilla and Marietta became Catholic nuns .
Camilla took the name Suor Beatrice and died at age 18 , while Marietta took the name Suor Ludovica , and became a respected member of the convent .
Accounts of Lisa and Francesco ’s days together differ , but there is no dispute over Francesco ’s undying love for his wife , Lisa .
Francesco died at the age of 80 , around 1538 , when the plague swept the city .
Some historians claim Lisa died four years later , but same say she lived into her seventies , dying around 1551 .
Interesting Fact :
In 1506 Leonardo considered the portrait unfinished .
He was never paid for the work , and did not deliver it to his client .
The painting traveled with him throughout his life , and he most likely completed it many years later in France .
Mother interrogated in prison over photograph and children advised to stay silent or face arrest
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Iran has put fresh pressure on the woman it last month sentenced to death by stoning , demanding the names of those involved in the campaign for her release .
The case of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani has drawn international attention after her children launched a campaign for her release .
After a global outcry last month , Iran 's judiciary said Sakineh would not be put to death by stoning , but still faced execution by hanging .
The 43 - year - old mother of two has been interrogated inside Tabriz prison over the names of the people who have been in touch with her family and the way her photo has been distributed among the media , the Guardian has learned .
Sakineh 's photo , which has been distributed all over the world , has become a defining image for human rights activists campaigning against stoning in Iran .
" Sakineh has been under big pressure since the world has paid attention to her case " , a source close to her family told the Guardian .
" Recently she was questioned and asked to advise her children to remain silent , otherwise they will be arrested too .
International attention is the only hope for Sakineh 's release " , the source added .
Sakineh 's lawyer , Mohammad Mostafaei , has received a letter from the Iranian intelligence service summoning him to a meeting in Evin prison in the next three days to " clarify certain issues " .
Mostafaei is an acclaimed lawyer who volunteered to represent Sakineh when he heard her story .
Sakineh received 99 lashes , but was subsequently accused of adultery during the trial of a man accused of murdering her husband .
Iran 's judiciary has said Sakineh faces execution by hanging " because she is convicted of murder " .
Mostafaei has issued a statement saying that Sakineh has been acquitted of murdering her husband , and the execution by hanging has not been mentioned in her final official sentence .
He has been told that her case will be reviewed in a high court in next 20 days , but Sakineh 's fate is currently unclear .
Unlike many stoning cases in Iran , where the woman convicted of adultery is abandoned by her family , Sakineh 's children have launched a strong defence of their mother .
Her 22 - year - old son , Sajad , who initially wrote an open letter pleading for his mother 's release , has been asked by Iranian officials to switch off his mobile and not to talk to media .
He has been summoned to the Iranian intelligence service twice in the last week .
Last week , Iran imposed a media blackout over Mohammadi Ashtiani 's death sentence , banning newspapers , agencies and TV Channels in Iran from reporting any news about her case .
A campaign website for Sakineh , freesakineh.org , has attracted more than 120,000 signatories since last week .
Fernando Henrique Cardoso , Michael Bloomberg , Michael Douglas , Shirin Ebadi , Peter Gabriel , Hanif Kureishi , Bernard - Henri Lévy , Ian McEwan and David Remnick are among those backing the campaign .
The Guardian reported last week that at least 15 Iranians are awaiting execution by stoning .
A group of Iranian activists , Iran Solidarity , are organising a series of protests on 24 July in support of Sakineh .
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
' Navy should have prepared a Plan B '
' Slug dislodged from soldier 's knee did n't come from Navy gun '
' MI should have designated IHH as a target '
A series of operational and intelligence mistakes led to the botched raid in late May aboard the Mavi Marmara Turkish passenger ship that was trying to break the blockade on the Gaza Strip , according to an internal military probe .
The report was released for publication on Monday , as a Libyan - backed vessel was en route to the Gaza Strip , in another effort to break the blockade imposed by Israel .
The vessel was expected to reach Israel ’s territorial waters by Tuesday or Wednesday .
As expected , the report refrained from issuing personal recommendations against IDF officers , although it did refer to a number of mistakes that were made by the most senior levels in the army .
In the raid by commandos from the navy ’s Flotilla 13 – known as the Shayetet – nine Turkish men were killed and 10 commandos were wounded .
On Monday , Maj. - Gen. ( res. )
Giora Eiland , who headed the probe , presented a 100 - page report to the IDF General Staff in which he listed a number of “ mistakes ” that had been made in the planning stage of the operation .
In a briefing to reporters , Eiland , a former head of the IDF ’s Planning Division and the National Security Council , said that he did not find any negligence in the planning and implementation of the operation .
He also made it clear that there was a difference between “ operational failures ” and “ operational mistakes ” and that he had only found mistakes , not failures .
“ There were mistakes , also on the high military levels , but happily , they were not the result of negligence , ” Eiland said .
He slammed the navy for not preparing a backup plan – or “ Plan B , ” as he called it – for the operation , saying the navy should have reconsidered rappelling commandos onto the Mavi Marmara ’s upper deck after noticing from sea and air that there were several dozen activists on board prepared to resist violently .
Eiland said that once the navy ships had sailed alongside the Mavi Marmara and seen the preparations on board for conflict , the top navy command should have reconsidered its options and possibly even delayed the boarding of the ship .
“ Once they saw that there were dozens of people on the deck , the rappelling of commandos down to the upper deck could still have been avoided , ” the report concluded , adding that the navy should have , as a result , prepared a “ Plan B ” for how to take command of the ship .
He said that the IDF should have established an operational “ red team ” to test the navy ’s plan for boarding the ships .
Eiland ’s probe also found that shots were initially fired at the boarding commandos from weapons that the passengers had brought with them .
The slug that was dislodged from the knee of one of the soldiers was of a different caliber than that used by the navy .
He also detailed the events that led to the seizing of three commandos , who were thrown from the upper to the lower deck and were only recovered about 40 minutes later , after they were spotted standing wounded on the ship ’s bow and surrounded by a number of activists .
Other commandos opened fire from above and scared off the passengers , enabling two of the wounded to jump into the water .
The third , who was severely wounded , was then rescued by commandos who jumped down to the bow from the upper deck .
According to Eiland , the navy did not have technology that would have enabled it to stop the ship ahead of the operation without putting soldiers on board its upper deck to take control of the bridge .
“ Such an option did not exist , ” Eiland concluded in his report .
In the course of their work , members of Eiland ’s panel met with a number of officials who offered ideas on how the navy could have stopped the ship without boarding it .
According to the committee , it is possible to develop such a capability , but it would take approximately two years .
Since the raid , the navy has met with a number of companies and is pursuing technology that could be used to stop a ship in the future .
Another mistake Eiland found was that Military Intelligence had not designated Turkey or the Islamist organization IHH , which organized the flotilla , as a target for intelligence - gathering .
He said that this had been justified up until this year , since Turkey had been friendly to Israel and the IHH was like a dozen other radical Islamic organizations that provided financial support to Hamas .
Eiland said , however , that in the beginning of 2010 MI and Israel ’s other intelligence agencies should have designated Turkey and IHH as intelligence targets due to the deterioration in ties between the countries .
The Israeli intelligence community should have understood that it was dealing with an organization that was supported by the ruling political party in Turkey , and prepared accordingly .
Chief of General Staff Lt.- Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi said he had ordered the army ’s Operations Directorate to adopt the panel ’s recommendations .
“ This type of specialist investigation is part of the foundations of the organizational structure of the IDF as a controlled , transparent body that is able to learn lessons .
The aim is to always improve in order to cope with all the challenges we face , ” Ashkenazi said .
The IDF chief expressed his appreciation for the Shayetet , which he said had demonstrated unique capabilities in taking control of ships .
“ We continue to send our soldiers every day into the air , land and the sea to conduct operations that pose a greater risk than that of the raid in question , ” Ashkenazi said .
Planting in dry conditions is not a good idea unless you can lavish cans of water on your new acquisitions .
If you have to plant , soak the pots in water for several hours first , then water the hole well before planting .
Aim to create a leafy canopy whenever possible , with little soil visible between your plants .
FutureSplash Animator – 1996
Flash 2 – 1997
Flash 3 – 1998
Flash 4 – 1999
Flash 5 – 2000
Macromedia Flash MX – 2002
Flash MX 2004 – 2003
Flash 8 – 2005
Flash CS3 – 2007
Flash CS4 – 2008
Flash CS5 – 2010
The Future
Author : Ivan M
Ivan M is a graphics pro .
Find out more at his site : imsky.co
Howdie stranger !
If you want to participate in our photoshop and photography contests , just :
LOGIN HERE or REGISTER FOR FREE
Adobe Flash is arguably the most popular multimedia platform today .
Users can watch videos , chat , and play games thanks to the capabilities of the Flash player .
Content creators are afforded almost unlimited power due to ActionScript 3 ’s powerful features .
Flash was n’t always the rich and advanced platform it is today , however .
It started as a vector animation package named FutureSplash Animator in 1996 and 14 years later , it ’s going strong , with a desktop , mobile , and server - side presence .
The first version of Flash , called FutureSplash Animator , was created by Jon Gay and Charlie Jackson , co-founders of FutureWave software .
It was the animation extension of FutureWave ’s SmartSketch , a vector drawing application .
The first version of FutureSplash Animator was shipped in 1996 and a mere 7 months later , Macromedia bought FutureWave and renamed FutureSplash to simply Flash .
Flash 2 was n’t marked by many new features , but it was the version that a lot of old - school Flash users ( including myself ) started with .
The main addition was the library feature , which allowed users to store , organize , and export their various assets .
Flash 2 was already capable of button rollovers , sound effects , and type , so it quickly became the avant - garde tool for illustrators , animators , and nascent web motion graphic artists .
Flash 3 came out a year after Flash 2 , and brought with it a host of new features .
Movieclips were introduced , transparency was added , and the projector format made standalone executables a viable format for Flash animators .
Actions made their debut and Flash movies inched ever closer to the incredible interactivity seen today .
By the time version 4 came out , Flash was the de facto standard for animation on the web .
The fourth version pushed the application into even more advanced territory .
The tools were changed , as were their icons .
The interface now allowed for users to move between scenes and objects .
The new Inspector panels , similar to today ’s Info and Transform panels , made control over objects and animation more precise .
The Library was redesigned , with folders added , and editing in place now available .
Flash 4 could arguably be called the breakout version of the software , since motion tweening now took center stage , instead of being hidden in cumbersome menus in the past versions .
Layer control , such as visibility , locking , and outlining became an integral part of the interface .
Flash also started supporting the MP3 sound format , making music players and unwanted soundtracks a routine part of the internet .
Editable text fields were included , as was the Get URL action ( with POST and GET variables ! ) .
Load Variables and Load Movie were also introduced , creating a fantastic array of possibilities .
Flash experiments became very popular as users leveraged the new powerful features to create amazing new applications and demos .
Flash 5 ditched the old ’90s look of the application and roared into the new millennium with a host of new features .
The Info and Transform palettes finally came into their own , as did a few other newly - floating ex-Inspectors .
The shared library made collaboration across several movies trivial .
The most important feature of the new release , however , was the introduction of ActionScript .
Previously , users built up actions using a dropdown menu .
Freedom ( and syntax errors ) reigned as now users could script anything they wanted .
Flash experiments became even more numerous and Flash games took off .
Flash MX was the starting point of a long descent into increasing complexity .
Flash became integrated into the MX suite , Creative Suite ’s precursor , and it finally made a distinction between designer and developer in the application .
UI components were introduced , as was XML .
The Free Transform tool was added along with layer folders .
The most defining feature of this release was the introduction of video support .
Streaming video became commonplace and laid the groundwork for YouTube .
More components , ActionScript 2 , and Unicode support .
Flash MX 2004 marked the emergence of “ enterprise ” Flash , moving the software further away from its humble origins and towards being the dominant RIA platform .
Flash 8 introduced filters and blending modes to simplify special effects for animation .
Object drawing was also introduces so Flash would behave more like Illustrator , reducing the learning curve required for its idiosyncratic approach to drawing .
End cap control was introduced along with stroke hinting , ensuring the best appearance of straight lines so far in the program ’s lineage .
The addition of custom easing curves allowed animators to fine - tune the speed of tweens .
The Sorensen codec used for video in the past versions was replaced by the On2 VP6 codec and , coincidentally , YouTube went live just three months later .
Newly integrated into the Adobe Creative Suite , Flash CS3 revamped the interface , added better handling of videos , and made skinning components easier .
CS3 also introduced motion export which allows users to animate an object and apply the same animation to an entirely different object .
The release was marked by comprehensive integration with the rest of the Creative Suite , particularly Photoshop and Flex , and the introduction of ActionScript 3.0.CS4 added inverse kinematics , another interface overhaul , the Motion Editor , which allowed for granular control over animation properties ( similar to a dope sheet in 3D programs ) , and basic 3D support .
Flash CS5 improved the code editor , the inverse kinematics , added code snippets , and introduced new XML - based file formats , .XFL and .
FXG , to simplify source management and reduce the errors associated with the old binary - based file format .
CS5 furthered suite integration along by including Flash Catalyst , a new tool designed to make exporting assets from other Creative Suite applications to Flash easy and painless .
Flash has had an illustrious history , starting as a simple vector package and ending up as a complex , extremely capable , and versatile platform .
For some , its transition from pure animation to RIA and games has been overwhelming , but the possibilities Flash allowed countless artists , animators , developers , and designers to explore have more than made up for the complexity along the way .
The future of Flash as an animation tool looks uncertain , as SVG , JavaScript , and CSS3 inch ever closer to replacing the need for a special vector animation package .
However , it ’s one of the best choices today for RIA and game development and looks to remain that way for years to come .
10,000 Australians can't be wrong !
Crow Away has been successfully used by over 10,000 Australian customers since 2010 to rid their property or neighbourhood of pesky crows .
Crow away is the proven , safe and most humane way to deter crows and ravens which are a protected species within Australia .
A few of you wondered what I meant by active listening in the context of a conversation .
Maybe you want to be a good listener without being bored out of your frickin’ skull .
I ’ll tell you how .
The worst kind of listener is the topic hijacker .
Let ’s say you enjoy snowboarding and you ’re listening to a neighbor describe his new gas grille .
Do n’t do this move :
Neighbor :
My wife got me a new grille for my birthday .
You : Really ?
I got a new snowboard .
Let me tell you about it …
That ’s just being a jerk .
Active listening , as I choose to define it , involves asking questions to steer the conversation in an entertaining direction without being too obvious about it .
Using my example , let ’s say you have no interest in hearing about the wonders of barbecuing , but you do n’t want to be a blatant conversation hijacker .
You might steer the conversation thusly .
Neighbor :
My wife got me a new grille for my birthday .
You : Does that mean you do most of the cooking now ?
Neighbor : Ha ha !
Yes , I think it was a trick .
You :
If you do the cooking , who does the dishes ?
Neighbor :
Well , usually the one who does n’t cook does the dishes .
You : Do you enjoy cooking ?
Neighbor : Not really .
You : Your wife does .
So you ’re getting screwed when she does the cooking and you do the dishes because she enjoys her end of it .
Okay , maybe in this example the conversation will lead to your neighbor getting a divorce .
As a general rule , the more dangerous or inappropriate the conversation , the more interesting it is .
You ’ll have to use your judgment to know when you ’ve crossed the line .
Also as a general rule , conversations about how people have or will interact are interesting , and conversations about objects are dull .
So steer toward topics that involve human perceptions and feelings , and away from objects and things .
You also want to avoid any topic that falls into the “ you had to be there ” category .
For example , if someone is describing a vacation , avoid asking about the food .
Nothing is more boring than a description of food .
Ask instead if the person answered email from the beach .
That gets to how a person thinks , and how hard it is to release a habit .
And it could provide an escape route to move the conversation to yet another place .
Sometimes it takes two or three bounces to get someplace of mutual interest .
You ’ve heard of the Kevin Bacon game , where every actor is just a few connections away from Kevin Bacon .
Likewise , you almost always have something interesting in common with every other person .
The trick is to find it .
As with the Kevin Bacon game , you ’d be surprised at how few questions it takes to get there .
When I was doing a lot of travel for book tours and speaking , I spent many hours with cab and limo drivers .
I discovered two questions that would almost always lead to something interesting :
Where did you grow up ?
Have you driven anyone famous ?
I heard amazing stories of political exile , rock star antics , and war .
It was great stuff .
Most people have at least one good story in them .
And you can usually find that story by asking where the person lived and what their parents did for a living .
Watch how this works .
If you leave a comment , mention where you grew up , and what your parents did for a living .
Notice from the other comments how often at least one of those things is interesting or has a connection to something you care about .
Earlier this year Moogfest , which was born in Asheville , made its debut in Durham .
The event was a world - wide sensation , bringing 10,000 people a day , for four days , into the funnest , funkiest , most fabulous venues in Durham to share and experience electronic music innovations and inventions .
It created an estimated 1.3 billion media impressions and earned a very encouraging New York Times review .
But the heartbeat of Moogfest does n’t stop after four days of performances and partying .
It simply goes underground and travels around in the form of dial - tones events .
These events bring
Moog leaders together in cities around the world , connecting performers with educators , entrepreneurs with artists , community leaders with community creators .
Normally , Dial - Tones events are held in large cities , but the Moogfest team was so impressed with our space that they decided to host an event close to home .
It was a great success !
Here ’s a little mosaic of images showing the events of the day , from the get - together before Mary Lattimore ‘s performance , some words from the Moogfest team , a wonderful performance , and a chance for people to talk with Mary after the performance .
We are so proud to have co-hosted this event , and look forward to more exciting collaborations with the Moogfest community !
In the fall of 1999 , I was a freshman at Gordon College , an evangelical liberal arts school in Massachusetts .
There , fifteen years earlier , a professor named Thomas Howard resigned from the English department when he felt his beliefs were no longer in line with the college ’s statement of faith .
Despite all those intervening years , during my time at Gordon the specter of Thomas Howard loomed large on campus .
The story of his resignation captured my imagination ; it came about , ultimately , because he converted to Roman Catholicism .
Though his reasons for converting were unclear and perhaps unimaginable to me at the time ( they are actually well - documented in his book Evangelical is Not Enough which , back then , I had not yet read ) , his reasons seemed less important than the knowledge that it could happen .
I had never heard of such a thing .
I grew up outside of Boston in what could be described as an Irish - Catholic family , except for one minor detail : my parents had left the Church six years before I was born when they were swept up in the so - called “ Jesus Movement ” of the 1970s .
So Catholicism was all around me , but it was not mine .
I went to mass with my grandparents , grew up around the symbolism of rosary beads and Virgin Mary statues , attended a Catholic high school , and was present at baptisms , first communions , and confirmations for each of my Catholic family members and friends .
All throughout this time my parents never spoke ill of the Catholic Church ; though the pastors and congregants of our non-denominational , charismatic church - that - met - in - a - warehouse , often did .
Despite my firsthand experience with the Church , between the legend of my parents ’ conversion ( anything that happens in a child ’s life before he is born is the stuff of legends ) and the portrait of the Catholic Church as an oppressive institution that took all the fun out of being “ saved , ” I understood Catholicism as a religion that a person leaves when she becomes serious about her faith .
And yet , Thomas Howard is only the tip of the iceberg of a hastening trend of evangelicals converting to Catholicism .
North Park University professor of religious studies Scot McKnight documented some of the reasons behind this trend in his important 2002 essay entitled “ From Wheaton to Rome : Why Evangelicals become Roman Catholic . ”
The essay was originally published in the Journal of the Evangelical Theological Society , and was later included in a collection of conversion stories he co-edited with Hauna Ondrey entitled Finding Faith , Losing Faith : Stories of Conversion and Apostasy .
Thomas Howard comes in at number five on McKnight ’s list of significant conversions , behind former Presbyterian pastor and author of Rome Sweet Home , Scott Hahn , and Marcus Grodi founder of The Coming Home Network International , an organization that provides “ fellowship , encouragement and support for Protestant pastors and laymen who are somewhere along the journey or have already been received into the Catholic Church , ” according to their Web site .
Other featured converts include singer - songwriter John Michael Talbot and Patrick Madrid , editor of the Surprised by Truth books , which showcase conversion stories .
Would Saint Augustine Go to a Southern Baptist Church in Houston ?
McKnight first identified these converts eight years ago , and the trend has continued to grow in the intervening years .
It shows up in a variety of places , in the musings of the late Michael Spencer ( the “ Internet Monk ” ) about his wife ’s conversion and his decision not to follow , as well as at the Evangelical Theological Society where the former President and Baylor University professor Francis J. Beckwith made a well - documented “ return to Rome . ”
Additionally , the conversion trend is once again picking up steam as the Millennial generation , the first to be born and raised in the contemporary brand of evangelicalism , comes of age .
Though perhaps an unlikely setting , The King ’s College , an evangelical Christian college in New York City , provides an excellent case study for the way this phenomenon is manifesting itself among young evangelicals .
The King ’s College campus is comprised of two floors in the Empire State Building and some office space in a neighboring building on Fifth Avenue .
The approximately 300 students who attend King ’s are thoughtful , considerate and serious .
They are also intellectually curious .
This combination of traits , it turns out , makes the college a ripe breeding ground for interest in Roman Catholicism .
Among the traits of the Catholic Church that attract TKC students — and indeed many young evangelicals at large — are its history , emphasis on liturgy , and tradition of intellectualism .
Lucas Croslow was one such student to whom these and other attributes of Catholicism appealed .
This past spring , graduating from The King ’s College was not the only major change in Croslow ’s life , he was also confirmed into the Catholic Church .
Croslow ’s interest in Catholicism began over six years ago when he was a sophomore in high school .
At the time , Croslow ’s Midwestern evangelical church experienced a crisis that is all too common among evangelical churches : what he describes as “ a crisis of spiritual authority . ”
As a result of experiencing disappointment in his pastor , Croslow began to question everything he had learned from him .
This questioning led him to study the historical origins of scripture and then of the Christian church itself .
Eventually he concluded that Catholicism in its current form is the closest iteration of the early church fathers ’ intentions .
He asks , “ If Saint Augustine showed up today , could we seriously think that he ’d attend a Southern Baptist church in Houston ? ”
The answer , to Croslow , is a resounding “ No . ”
Croslow ’s belief that the Catholic Church most accurately reflects the intentions of the early church fathers is echoed throughout the movement as other evangelicals seek a church whose roots run deeper than the Reformation .
Further , due to the number of non-denominational churches that have proliferated since the Jesus Movement , many evangelicals ’ knowledge of their history runs only as far back as the 1970s .
These are the young believers who are attracted to a Church that sees itself as the direct descendent of the religion founded by Saint Peter and the apostles .
Another recent convert and current King ’s sophomore , Nick Dunn , agrees with Croslow about the need for a historically grounded Christianity , however he emphasizes the liturgical aspects of Roman Catholicism as a motivation for converting .
When he moved to New York City to attend The King ’s College he had a difficult time finding a church that was similar to his home church in San Diego .
The churches that he attended in New York , even the evangelical ones , often were a bit more structured and incorporated some liturgical elements into their services .
In time , Dunn realized that these liturgical practices , which had been all but absent from his church life to that point , were quite rich .
When he asked his parents why their church did n’t have a benediction or a call to worship , they answered as many evangelicals would , saying that they do n’t like “ these ritualistic or religious kinds of things . ”
Eventually , after attending mass at St. Francis of Assisi in midtown Manhattan , Dunn became interested in learning more about Catholicism .
It was living like a Catholic , Dunn says , that finally made him to decide to convert .
In much the same way that many evangelical churches have discarded Church history , so the liturgical structure of worship was left by the wayside as these churches made claims to the “ freedom ” that comes from forsaking the bounds of the Catholic Church and even mainline Protestant denominations .
But for many young evangelicals and former evangelicals like Dunn , this move to be free of liturgical strictures came at the expense of religious practices that have been a part of Christianity for two millennia , and to these believers , the loss is too great .
This is precisely why many evangelical churches have , as Dunn witnessed , made an effort to reintroduce those once forsaken elements into worship services .
Chris White , a 2009 King ’s graduate , shares the concerns of Croslow and Dunn , while adding another of the main reasons why many evangelicals are converting to Catholicism : intellectual hunger .
White describes himself as a “ victim of Church history classes that start in 1517 , ” the year Martin Luther posted his Ninety - Five Theses .
That is , until he took a course entitled “ Foundations of Judeo - Christian Thought ” at TKC .
It “ raised certain questions within me , ” he says of the course .
White cites Boston College philosophy professor and TKC visiting faculty member Peter Kreeft ’s Catholic Christianity as a factor in his conversion , but he also points to a number of other courses that he took at King ’s that led him to the point of conversion .
He says of the college ’s curriculum that it is “ not a ‘ great books curriculum ’ but it draws heavily on the liberal arts tradition . ”
He adds , “ You ca n’t study the liberal arts without confronting the rich history of Catholicism . ”
Indeed The King ’s College is a microcosm of the larger community of young believers whose frustration with the lack of authority , structure , and intellectualism in many evangelical churches is leading them in great numbers to the Roman Catholic Church .
This trend of “ Crossing the Tiber ” ( a phrase that also served as the title of Stephen K. Ray ’s 1997 book on the phenomenon ) , has been growing steadily for decades , but with the help of a solid foundation of literature , exemplar converts from previous generations , burgeoning traditional and new media outlets , and the coming of age of Millennial evangelicals , it is seeing its pace quicken dramatically .
Back in 1985 , when many of the most recent converts were still singing Sunday School songs in evangelical churches , Thomas Howard wrote in the postscript to Evangelical is Not Enough that after completing the text in 1984 , he formally converted to Catholicism at the Easter Vigil in 1985 .
Ultimately , Howard concluded that the question that matters most is “ What is the Church ? ”
His answer , like that of Hahn , Grodi and Talbot , and now of Croslow , Dunn , and White , is that the “ one , holy , Catholic , and apostolic church ” — the historical , traditional Church — can only be the Roman Catholic Church .
House Democrats will not pass a budget blueprint in 2010 , Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) will confirm in a speech on Tuesday .
But Hoyer will vow to crack down on government spending , saying Democrats will enforce spending limits that are lower than what President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE has called for .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the scheduled address to the progressive think tank The Third Way , Hoyer will acknowledge that the lower chamber will do things differently this election year .
“ It is n’t possible to debate and pass a realistic , long - term budget until we ’ve considered the bipartisan commission ’s deficit - reduction plan , which is expected in December , ” according to Hoyer ’s prepared remarks that were provided to The Hill .
The House has never failed to pass an annual budget resolution since the current budget rules were put into place in 1974 .
Hoyer this spring noted that the GOP - led Congress did n’t pass a final resolution in 1998 , 2004 and 2006 .
The House will put forth a “ budget enforcement resolution ” rather than a budget blueprint that looks beyond next year and calculates five or 10 years ’ worth of deficit figures .
The House ’s “ enforcement ” — or deeming — resolution will endorse the goals of the president ’s fiscal commission and reiterate the commitment to vote on its recommendations after the midterm elections .
And it will also set limits on discretionary spending “ that require further cuts below the president ’s budget , ” according to the speech .
“ This budget enforcement resolution will enforce fiscal discipline in the near term while the fiscal commission works on a long - term plan to get our country back to fiscal health , ” Hoyer ’s remarks state .
The nation ’s debt and budget deficits — and what to do about them — are the theme of Hoyer ’s speech .
It ’s also the issue that ’s destroying what ’s left of the Democrats ’ jobs agenda as centrist Democrats have balked at the price tag of such measures .
For weeks , Democratic leaders have tried to strike a deal on the budget , which is a non-binding resolution , but to no avail .
The talks triggered splits in the Democratic Caucus , alienating conservative Democrats from their liberal colleagues .
The House ’s decision not to pursue a budget resolution comes as the Senate has been struggling to get its companion measure to the floor .
And the politics of the moment are a far cry from last year , when the House and Senate easily passed Obama ’s first budget on the president ’s 100th day in office .
The budget measure last year did not attract any GOP support .
Hoyer is seeking a new tone on how to handle the nation ’s record debt .
“ This is a remarkable moment in political history — a time when our creeping fiscal danger of our $ 9 trillion of publicly held debt troubles Americans as much as the prospect of the most brutal attacks on our country , ” Hoyer will say .
“ The real question is how we respond ...
There ’s the easy way — glib slogans about spending , solutions that are more about winning political power than confronting the scope of the problem , and answers borrowed from decades - old dogma instead of from a hard look at reality . ”
The “ right way ” Hoyer envisions , however , does involve a continued separation of short - term and structural budget deficits and a careful avoidance of “ overreacting to short - term deficits while we ’re still feeling the effects of recession . ”
“ If ‘ out - of - control spending ’ refers to the Recovery Act and other jobs programs that are responsible for more than 2 million jobs and only a small fraction of our deficit , I ’d ask what the alternatives were , ” the speech reads .
“ Whether we are spending or cutting taxes , creating jobs in a recession means adding to the deficit in the short term . ”
While conservative Blue Dog Democrats have bristled at further measures to address the recession , Democratic leaders , including Hoyer , have tried to insert the short - versus long - term distinction into the public debate .
Republicans have capitalized on the public ’s reluctance to embrace the nuanced argument , and have made the deficit a central part of their attack on the majority , and a key part of their pitch to be returned to power .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We need a real budget to stop Washington Democrats ’ out - of - control spending spree , which is scaring the hell out of the American people , and to create jobs , ” Michael Steel , a spokesman for House Minority Leader John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE ( R - Ohio ) , said last week .
To these attacks , Hoyer offered his own blistering counterattack .
“ A spending - only [ deficit reduction ] plan has been on the table for more than two years , ” Hoyer will say , citing House Budget Committee ranking Republican Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBiden 's debate game plan ?
Keep cool and win Trump , Biden have one debate goal :
Do n't lose RNC chair on election :
We are on track to win the White House MORE ’s ( Wis. ) proposal to shift some seniors away from Medicare and issue private health insurance vouchers for everyone under 55 .
“ Even though I strongly oppose its severe Medicare cuts for seniors , I ’ve praised Congressman Ryan for being the only one in his party to offer a solution equal to the problem .
But what have we heard from his own party ?
Crickets .
For two years .
The Republican Party has run away from Paul Ryan ’s plan , even though you ’d expect it to rush to embrace a proposal based on spending cuts . ”
Hoyer believes that a “ spending - and - revenue ” compromise is the only realistic option , and says that “ on the spending side , we could and should consider a higher retirement age , or one pegged to lifespan . ”
He would also welcome a debate about “ simplifying the tax code to raise revenue more efficiently and increase economic productivity by cutting time lost on tax preparation . ”
Even defense spending , which was exempt from the cuts the Blue Dogs had advocated , is on the table , according to Hoyer .
“ Any conversation about the deficit that leaves out defense spending is seriously flawed before it begins , ” he will remark .
The majority leader also opens the door to reining in current tax cuts for Americans earning above $ 250,000 , which is consistent with Obama ’s budget plan .
Hoyer makes it clear he will battle Senate Democrats , if necessary .
“ As the House and Senate debate what to do with the expiring Bush tax cuts in the coming weeks , we need to have a serious discussion about their implications for our fiscal outlook , including whether we can afford to permanently extend them before we have a real plan for long - term deficit reduction , ” according to his speech .
“ At a minimum , the House will not extend the tax cuts benefiting taxpayers of incomes above $ 250,000 despite some suggestions in the Senate that they be extended along with all other Bush tax cuts . ”
But much of where Hoyer believes the real deficit debate should start is with the bipartisan fiscal commission .
“ To share sacrifices fairly , and to be politically viable , the commission ’s proposal can only have one form : an agreement that cuts spending and raises revenue , ” Hoyer will say .
“ We ’re lying to ourselves and our children if we say we can maintain our current levels of entitlement spending defense spending , and taxation without bankrupting our country . ”
France infanticide mother 's ' relief ' after confession Published duration 30 July 2010
image caption Dominique Cottrez is being detained while the investigation continues
A French mother who admitted killing eight of her newborn babies is relieved that her secret is finally out in the open , her lawyer has said .
Dominique Cottrez has been placed under investigation over the deaths , which happened between 1989 and 2006 .
Frank Berton said his client was " tired , worn out and battered down " after her questioning .
" She does n't have to carry this on her conscience any more , and that 's a kind of relief , " he added .
Being placed under investigation is the first stage of criminal proceedings that can lead to charges .
Mrs Cottrez could face charges of voluntary homicide of the babies .
Mr Berton said Mrs Cottrez would undergo psychological tests to determine whether she was fully responsible for her actions , and said he believed that prosecutors may have been " a bit quick " to say she was fully aware of what she had done .
" For her part , she 's said what is essential , " he said , referring to her telling investigators where a further six bodies were , after the first two were found .
" To analyse why it happened , that she does n't know , " he added .
He said that Mrs Cottrez might not face charges over five or six of the deaths because of the statute of limitations .
In a news conference on Thursday , the prosecutor in the case said Mrs Cottrez had said she was fully aware of her pregnancies , but that she had not wanted any more children and did not want to see a doctor for contraception .
The remains of the infants were found in the village of Villers - au - Tertre , near the northern city of Lille , on Wednesday .
Two were found in a house that had belonged to the parents of the arrested woman , and the others were found in the Cottrez 's house in the village .
The team had been investigating the site when they came across a series of buried bowls containing the remains of human teeth and fingers .
They dug further and lowered a light into a hole in the ground , which revealed " an explosion of colour in all directions – reds , greens , yellows . "
No other body in the solar system more closely resembles Earth than Saturn 's moon , Titan .
It has methane lakes and seas and scientists now believe that an underground ocean could even harbour life , says Robin McKie
Five years ago , several hundred scientists gathered at the European Space Operations Centre in Darmstadt , Germany , to witness a remarkable event : the reception of the first signals to be sent from the surface of Saturn 's largest moon , Titan .
It had taken engineers a decade to plan and construct Huygens , Europe 's unmanned mission to this mysterious world .
In addition , the probe 's 2 - billion - mile journey there , on board its Nasa - built mother craft , Cassini , took a further seven years .
A great many careers depended on the mission 's success .
Hence the tension in the control room on 14 January , 2005 .
" If Huygens had failed , it would have been a disaster .
We knew we would n't get another shot at Titan for 20 years , " says Professor John Zarnecki .
His Open University team designed key instruments for the probe , which is named after the 17th - century Dutch astronomer Christopher Huygens who discovered Titan .
" There was another nagging worry .
We had talked up Titan as an incredibly exciting place in order to get the space agencies to fund Huygens .
Yet we only had the word of the theoreticians that this orange fuzzball , as it appeared in our best images , was interesting .
If it turned out to be dull and boring , we would have egg all over our faces . "
Then the data arrived and from the very first results , greeted with jubilation at Darmstadt , it was clear that the European Space Agency 's probe had performed superbly .
More to the point , Titan appeared to be a very exciting place indeed .
Photographs revealed shorelines bounding dark lakes while the surface was found to have a crunchy constituency , likened by one researcher to creme brulee .
Since then , scientists have been studying signals sent back by Huygens during its two - and - a - half - hour parachute descent through Titan 's thick , orange - coloured , nitrogen - rich atmosphere .
These provided enough data to fill no more than a simple memory stick , making Huygens 's results some of the most expensive and precious to be collected by scientists .
At the same time , its mother ship , Cassini , has continued its camera and radar sweeps of the haze - covered moon to uncover key surface features .
In combination , these two sets of results – only recently fully analysed – have uncovered a world far more extraordinary than ever suspected .
" There are lakes and seas that make Titan the only other place , other than the Earth , in the solar system with large , stable bodies of liquid on its surface , " says Zarnecki .
" There are also river channels ; great stretches of dunes ; weather and meteorology ; complex hydrocarbons ; and – most excitingly – powerful signs that Titan has a subsurface ocean that could provide a home for primitive life .
Titan turns out to be an incredible place .
It 's a moon that would be a planet . "
In fact , Titan looks like Earth in many ways – with one critical exception .
It is extraordinarily cold , with atmospheric temperatures 200 degrees below that of our planet .
Ten times further from the Sun than Earth , Titan consequently receives a hundredth of the solar heat that bathes our world .
There may be complex organic material littering the place , but conditions are simply too cold on Titan for life to evolve from this material on the surface .
It turns out that those rivers , lakes and seas on the surface are not watery affairs but are made of methane which plays the same meteorological role on Titan as water does on Earth .
It evaporates from great seas of liquid methane , like the giant Kraken Mare .
Then it condenses and falls as methane rain , sometimes setting off flash floods that carve out riverbeds like the ones picked out by the cameras on Huygens .
" Water exists in three forms on Earth : liquid , vapour and ice , " says Zarnecki .
" The same is true for methane on Titan .
Hence its role in driving the moon 's weather systems . "
As for the existence of Titan 's complex hydrocarbons , these are formed in its upper atmosphere where the Sun 's weak , ultra- violet radiation breaks down methane into molecules that re-form into more complex , petrol - like hydrocarbons .
These are responsible for much of the haze that has hidden Titan 's surface like a smog over Los Angeles .
Devices on board Huygens have detected ethane , acetylene and other complex hydrocarbon molecules – an oilman 's dream .
These hydrocarbons are then swept to the ground by the moon 's rain , though gravity on Titan is so weak that the resulting oily droplets would be far larger than raindrops on Earth .
These seas and lakes do n't tell the whole story , however .
As Huygens settled on the moon 's surface , it photographed a landscape of pebbles that turn out to be made not of stone , but of ice , evidence that water exists at least in one form on Titan .
The fact is that if Titan were not so cold , it would probably be bursting with life , so plentiful are its supplies of organic raw materials , scientists suggest .
The moon is , in effect , a chilled leftover from the formation of the early solar system .
It is , therefore , of enormous scientific importance , according to Al Diaz , science associate administrator of Nasa , which collaborated with Europe on Huygens .
" Titan is a time machine that gives us a chance to look at conditions that existed on early Earth , " he said after Huygens 's results were received .
In any case , this moon may yet have its day as a home of complex lifeforms .
" In a couple of billion years , our Sun will expand to become a type of star called a red giant and will envelop Earth in superhot plasma , " says Zarnecki .
" Our oceans will boil off and the Earth will become a very unpleasant place to live .
By contrast , temperatures will go up nicely by a couple of hundred degrees on Titan .
This will be the new Eden . "
Crucial to this scenario are Cassini 's radar observations which reveal that Titan has a highly irregular rotation .
" All planets and moons have slight spin irregularities , including Earth , " explains Zarnecki .
" This lengthens or shortens our day by a microsecond or two .
But on Titan the effect is much greater , suggesting the existence of an underground ocean which separates the moon 's crust from its core .
This layer acts as the fluid in a giant ballbearing which allows Titan 's crust and core to spin at different rates , hence those irregularities . "
As for the make - up of that liquid layer , evidence points to water as the prime candidate .
And that , in turn , has exciting consequences , say scientists .
Titan probably has a hot core which is keeping that layer of water in a warm liquid state .
Thus , we have the prospect of a rich soup of hydrocarbons filtering through Titan 's crust to a subterranean ocean .
" These discoveries make Titan very interesting biologically .
We have got loads of organics on the surface and liquid water down below .
Can the two mix ?
Have they been mixing for billions of years ?
In other words , are there thriving colonies of bugs down there , crawling about and living very happily below Titan 's surface ? "
Not surprisingly , such a prospect is fuelling scientists ' appetites for a return mission to Titan .
Several probes are being planned including a joint European - American mission that would carry airships and balloons .
These would take advantage of the moon 's thick atmosphere , which is denser than Earth's , and its low gravity , which is a seventh of ours .
" Flying on Titan should be easy and by following its winds , we should be able to sail round it in a couple of weeks , looking for promising places to land and investigate , " says Zarnecki .
" We could also sail robot ships on its methane seas and become the first extraterrestrial mariners .
Most important , however , we could try and find signs of simple biology on Titan .
That would be pure gold . "
I listened with great interest to an NPR radio show recently called ‘ The Shallows ’ : This Is Your Brain Online .
I highly recommend the 7 - minute program , as the author of The Shallows , Nicholas Carr , warns us of something I think we all need to hear .
As much as we ’re online –for research , for platform building , for visiting our favorite blogs ( koff ) , for promotion of our work–we need to spend time offline too .
A lot of time .
Let ’s put that on its own line because it ’s important .
We need to spend a lot of time offline .
Alone with our thoughts .
Steeped in life .
Because if we do n’t our brains may very well adapt to the zing and zang , the slam and bam world of the Internet , where information is processed quickly , links are readily available , and interruption is king , and forget how to think deeply .
Lose the ability to concentrate on one thing and one thing only , to be contemplative .
And if we do , wo n’t that hinder our ability to create thoughtful works ?
Said Robert Siegel , host of NPR ’s All Things Considered :
( The Internet ) is changing the way we read and conditioning us against the very activities we associate with the acquisition of wisdom : deep reading , solitary concentration .
Nicholas Carr expanded on this thesis in the interview , citing his own problems after spending too much time online :
A few years ago I found I was losing my ability to concentrate .
I ’d sit down with a book or a long article , and after a couple of pages my brain wanted to do what it does when I ’m online : check email , click on links , do some Googling , hop from page to page .
That got me looking into what was going on and looking into the science of the brain , and how important it is to be able to pay attention .
It ’s an addiction to technology that can change the way our brains process information , literally , at the cellular level , because our brains our malleable , adapting to whatever they ’re exposed to .
We need them to concentrate only for five minutes at a time ?
To richochet from email to Internet to Facebook to Twitter and back again ?
They will deliver .
That ’s what brains do .
Said Carr of the web habit :
It follows us even after we turn off our computers .
So the more time we spend surfing and skimming and scanning online , and multitasking and processing lots of interruptions , the more adept we become at that mode of thinking .
But at the same time , we begin to lose the capability to pay attention , to concentrate , to be contemplative and introspective .
Scary , yes , but here ’s what hit home with me .
If you look at a lot of recent research on multitasking , it shows that in fact as people optimize their ability to multitask online , they become less creative in their thinking .
Less creative .
Ouch .
Does this mean you should turn off the computer , invest in a nice old - fashioned typewriter ?
No , but it ’s probably smart to keep tabs on how much of your time is going to high - speed activities every day compared to how much of your day is dedicated to the slower gears .
Set your limits .
How much time can we spend online , interacting with the world of the Internet , without risking our ability to concentrate and be creative ?
The answer is probably an individual thing , though Carr suggests spending more time in contemplative mode than in online mode .
“ If in fact we spend an hour or two online or sending text messages and then shut that off and spent three hours reading Moby Dick , that would be one thing , ” he said .
“ I think the brain is very adept at doing both of those things . ”
Know yourself .
How do you work best on a daily basis ?
I ’ve noticed that I set the tone for a good creative day when I begin at my kitchen table , with whatever I last wrote staring up at me , a pencil in hand .
I make notes , let the story take up residence in my head .
Only after that ritual is over , do I turn on the computer .
I can check email then , do my momma duties with WU , approve comments , Tweet a little .
And then I can open up my Word document and work .
I can toggle back and forth between my work and Twitter throughout the day , check in on the blog , too , but the wip is foremost in my mind .
For me , starting the day off on the proverbial right foot is key to keeping technology in its place .
Aim for quality , not just quantity .
One of the best posts I ’ve read online lately was at Zen Habits , called The No. 1 Habit of Highly Creative People .
“ Creativity flourishes in solitude , ” wrote blogger Leo Babauta .
“ With quiet , you can hear your thoughts , you can reach deep within yourself , you can focus . ”
Seems obvious , right ?
Be alone with your thoughts in order to create your best story .
But how often are you alone , without interruptions ?
And how often do you use that time for deep , creative contemplation ?
Consider how your quiet time compares with your offline / not - so - quiet time as well as your online time .
Recognize a problem .
If you ’ve noticed an upswing in your inattention and think it might be linked to your technology time , try taking a step away from it for a while .
Sink into a good book .
Write with a notebook and pencil in a park .
Meditate if you like .
Then , when you ’re ready , establish new daily habits for better balance .
That ’s the key : balance .
Know Yourself .
Set limits .
Protect your mind .
Protect your creative spirit .
What sets you up for your best writing days ?
How does technology fit into those days ?
What is balance to you ?
Write on !
Photo courtesy Flickr ’s Migraine Chick
What is it ?
The most extreme factory backed iteration of a road going BMW M3 yet – the new GTS .
The final act for the current M3 prior to the arrival of an entirely new model in early 2012 , it is essentially a track car that just happens to be road legal here in the UK , thus the licence plates front and rear .
At 1530kg , it is 75 kg lighter than the standard M3 for a start .
The weight loss is achieved , in part , by the adoption of titanium rear silencers and 19 - inch light alloy wheels .
In true racecar practice , the glass rear side windows and rear screen make way for lightweight polycarbonate replacements .
Further reductions come by way of a pared down interior .
It has been liberated of just about all of its comfort orientated features , including the front seats which are replaced by one piece carbonfibre jobs with three - point belts .
The M3 GTS ’s added performance stems from its engine .
It ’s no mildly tweaked version of the fifth - generation M3 ’s naturally aspirated 90 - degree 4.0 - litre V8 .
Rather BMW ’s M division has developed what amounts to a whole new powerplant .
The bore remains at 92 mm but the stroke has been extended by 6.8 mm to 82 mm , resulting in an overall capacity of 4.4 - litres .
Power tops out at 444 bhp – 30 bhp more than the standard M3 , while torque jumps from 295 lb ft to 325 lb ft and is developed 150rpm earlier at 3750rpm .
Channeling the new car ’s added reserves is a beefed up version of the M3 ’s optional Getrag - engineered seven - speed M DCT ( dual clutch transmission ) .
As is now a feature on all of BMW ’s M models , there ’s a power button and toggle switch to alter the characteristics of the engine ’s power delivery in five distinct steps .
What ’s it like ?
Fire the M3 GTS ’s new V8 and you ’re immediately made aware of all the under bonnet tinkering as it catches and settles into a lumpy idle overlaid with a pulsating exhaust note that is full of purpose and fantastically naughty .
Moving off , it ’s the added torque that make its presence felt more than anything else .
At lower revs , the M3 GTS feels more muscular than the standard M3 – not a lot but enough to make you think the engine changes have been worth the effort .
Steve Sargent will spend the Fourth of July doing what he always does : watching the fireworks overhead .
And watching the action in the streets as police swarm over his Newport Beach neighborhood corralling boozy partiers .
“ That block over there turns into pandemonium , ” said Sargent , 46 , pointing across the street from his home on Balboa Peninsula .
“ Drunks and idiots .
I have pictures if you want to see them . ”
Big and sometimes out - of - control crowds have long been a July 4 fixture on this narrow strip of oceanfront .
And city officials are braced to crack down Sunday and early Monday morning with more than 200 police officers , street closures and fines for drinking in public and loud parties that are triple the normal amount , as much as $ 1,000 .
“ When I started work here 20 years ago , I was told that I would never have the Fourth of July off .
They told me the truth , ” said Newport Beach Police Sgt. Steve Burdette .
“ We enjoy people coming down to the beach to have fun .
What we ’re trying to do is prevent the big house parties from getting out of hand .
It ’s a preventative strike . ”
Last July 4 , police arrested 119 people and issued 345 citations and 669 parking tickets .
Ground zero is what authorities have designated the “ safety enhancement zone , ” a congested area between 32nd Street and 54th Street chock full of rental properties .
The biggest change from last year : a main entrance onto the peninsula at West Balboa Boulevard and West Coast Highway will be closed not only to vehicles but to bikes and pedestrians as well .
In recent days , fliers have been distributed to homes throughout the neighborhood warning , among other things , that throwing water balloons or spraying passing pedestrians or cars with squirt guns is illegal .
Police working in teams of four will patrol a single block for their entire 12 - hour shift , Burdette said .
Burdette will be roaming with city code enforcement officers trying to prevent disaster by looking for people dancing on roofs or overloading balconies .
“ We once had 30 people on a balcony that was still under construction .
It was just a bunch of 2 - by - 4s , ” he said .
“ You could see it flexing . ”
This is not to say that one ca n’t throw a party .
On Thursday , Kris McInteer was getting ready for his , unloading a keg of Coors Light from his pickup .
“ I feel very comfortable that we will be within the realm of whatever is legal , ” McInteer , 26 , said .
“ Hopefully , the people who ’ll be coming are smart enough not to step out onto the sidewalk with a beer .
We ’re not 20 - year - old first - time drinkers . ”
mike.anton@latimes.com
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Beervertisement
Coors Light Cold Alert System
" Hey dummy , your beer is cold ! "
Includes " Cold Alert " bracelet .
Can Position Indicator NEW !
" This can is sideways . "
Cold Brewed Steak Sauce
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Few who have seen the dramatic privatization of US intelligence operations from the inside ever speak about the role private contractors play in covert operations –certainly not in public .
In late June , however , the CIA ’s former top counterterrorism official , Robert Grenier , participated in a rare public discussion on issues ranging from the incredible extent to which the US has relied on contractors to fill sensitive national security positions ; to battlefield contractors in Afghanistan ; to allegations of contractor involvement in " direct action " ( lethal ) operations , as well as commenting on Blackwater owner Erik Prince ’s reported involvement in a secret CIA assassination program .
The former spy also criticized what he called attempts by the US military to " overstep their bounds " by conducting intelligence operations that traditionally have fallen under the purview of the CIA .
Ad Policy
Grenier was undoubtedly one of the US intelligence community ’s heavy hitters in the aftermath of 9/11 .
He was CIA station chief in Islamabad , Pakistan when the 9/11 attacks took place and coordinated the initial incursions by CIA personnel and contractors in the first year of the US invasion of Afghanistan .
After a stint in what Grenier jokingly called " our excellent adventure in Iraq , " where , as chief of the Iraq Issues Group , he planned covert US actions in the lead up to and ultimate invasion of the country , Grenier was named as director of the CIA ’s Counterterrorism Center ( CTC ) , the unit coordinating the tip of the spear of the CIA ’s covert activities .
In 2006 , Grenier left the CIA , reportedly over disagreements with then - CIA director Porter Goss , including the issue of treatment of detainees and prisoners .
After leaving the agency , Grenier worked at Kroll Inc. , a security consulting firm , and is currently chairman of ERG Partners , a small consulting company .
Grenier and I participated in a frank discussion , along with Professor Katerie Carmola , author of Private Security Contractors and New Wars : Risk , Law , and Ethics , at the International Spy Museum in Washington , DC , where I had a chance to publicly ask Grenier some specific questions .
Grenier estimated that " many more than half " of the personnel who worked under him at the CIA ’s counterterrorism center were private contractors .
Contractors " were coming in and they were all over the place , " Grenier said of his time at CTC .
" Often I would go down and talk to people in my work force and I would say , ‘ Hey , that was a great job and I saw what you did last night , I saw that cable that you turned up , thank you very much . ’
And I ’d be startled when they would give me a business card . "
It is difficult to access detailed information about the extent to which US intelligence activities are privatized , primarily because the budgets of the eighteen intelligence agencies operated by the United States are mostly classified .
In 2007 , journalist Tim Shorrock , who wrote the definitive book on the privatization of intelligence , Spies for Hire , obtained and published an unclassified document from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence showing that 70 percent of the US intelligence budget was spent on private contractors .
No documents on these classified budgets have been made public since .
Grenier largely defended the use of contractors , primarily because he said he believes that the government , in a time of war , needs to be able to hire skilled , specialized personnel capable of securing the necessary security clearances .
" It ’s far easier to go through the process to get a contractor if time is an issue than it would be to bring somebody on as a regular employee , " Grenier said .
He said that when he was running CIA operations in Afghanistan immediately after 9/11 , he was working with several of his predecessors who had left the CIA , but returned , with their experience and clearances , as independent contractors .
Grenier cited another " very prosaic " reason for the reliance on contractors : the federal budgeting process .
Grenier called the system of allocating funds to US agencies the " most illogical process ever devised by the mind of man . "
He described Congressional funding restrictions that provided huge sums of money to the CIA post - 9/11 to purchase goods and services , but not to hire new employees .
Instead , he said , Congress provided one year supplemental funding packages to the CIA for " non-personal services . "
That funding , Grenier asserted , " you can spend for anything . "
" You can buy armored vehicles , you can buy drones , or you can buy contractors .
Contractors are not considered persons in the context of the federal budgeting process , " Genier added .
The CIA , therefore , got creative .
" So , here was the Congress saying , ‘ What can we do for you , what can we give you ? ’
Money was not the object — they ’d give us anything we asked for and what we got was non-personal services dollars on a supplemental basis .
And so , what did we have to do ?
We went out and bought contractors . "
In the early stages of the US war in Afghanistan , Grenier said , many people were hired as individual independent contractors .
Then , he says , small companies began popping up that specialized in providing the government and other entities with seasoned veterans of US special forces and intelligence agencies for hire .
Within months , companies like Blackwater jumped head first into the rent - a- soldier industry .
These companies offered what they called " turnkey solutions " in the war zone .
" Well , they figured out that they could extort — I should say that they could command — more money form the federal government if they somehow banded together , " says Grenier , who described the rise of what he called " body shops " providing personnel .
" It was like a form of unionization .
They got together and they formed these little companies and they could engage in what we might call collective bargaining and thereby raise their salaries . "
Shorrock , who analyzes government contracts for an AFL - CIO union , found Grenier ’s description interesting .
" CIA and NSA employees are banned by statute from engaging in collective bargaining .
But forming a company might be one way a group of operatives could get a better deal from the CIA on wages , health benefits or insurance , " said Shorrock .
" That should n’t be confused with union rights , though . "
While Grenier provided a utilitarian rationale for the CIA using contractors , he veered away from discussing the political expediency private forces offer the CIA by providing unattributable forces specializing in plausible deniability .
Several times during our discussion , I asked Grenier about the use of contractors in lethal " direct action " operations , some of which have been characterized as part of a secret CIA assassination program .
I specifically asked him about the report in January in Vanity Fair that Blackwater owner Erik Prince had trained a CIA team whose ultimate job would be to " find , fix and finish " suspected terrorists across the globe .
Prince ’s men , according to the article , never " finished " a suspect , but they did do everything but pull the trigger in several countries , including in Germany .
Prince claims to have paid for some operations " out of my own pocket . ”
Many of the activities alleged to have been carried out by Prince and Blackwater occured while Grenier was director of CTC .
Grenier was visibly uncomfortable discussing the issue of Blackwater and " direct action , " saying , " Although some of these things have been revealed and some of what has been revealed is perhaps true and some of it is perhaps untrue and some of it is perhaps exaggerated or misrepresented , but all of it is still classified and so it ’s difficult for me to speak to it directly to the extent that I know about it . "
He added : " There were things that frankly were new to me in what I read in that article . "
Grenier rejected the notion that Blackwater would have been specifically hired by the CIA for assassination operations , offering a denial that carefully relied on the CIA ’s contracting process .
" CIA would not be soliciting or putting out an RFP [ a Request for Proposal ] to solicit bids for a company , perhaps for the lowest bidder , to come out and perform services like [ direct lethal action ] . "
While there is little chance that there is a US government contract with Blackwater floating around showing the CIA hired Blackwater to kill people , this type of contracting inherently creates gray areas that ultimately benefit the secrecy of the operations .
There is no doubt that Blackwater forces have killed plenty of people in Iraq and Afghanistan and that not all of these " kills " have been defensive security operations .
Without confirming details of Blackwater ’s involvement in any lethal direct action operations , Grenier did say that to the extent that Prince and his men were potentially involved , they likely were not fully aware of the role they were playing in broader CIA operations .
" By [ Prince ’s ] own admission those actions have never been carried out , " Grenier said .
" And certainly , if I had anything to do with it , they would not be carried out by private individuals . "
He then added : " A Navy SEAL in a buzz cut is probably not the individual that I would put on the street in Ain al - Hilweh refugee camp in Lebanon to do surveillance on a potential target . "
What Grenier did describe , in a careful and circumspect way , is a major reason why a company like Blackwater would be hired for involvement in such operations : the combination of experienced personnel and the networks of foreign nationals they cultivated over years of government intelligence work .
At the time Grenier was running CTC , Blackwater was flush with well - connected CIA veterans who had vast networks of assets and contacts across the globe .
In addition to Cofer Black , Prince counted among his most valued employees Enrique " Ric " Prado , a former CIA paramilitary officer who served as chief of operations for the CTC and Robert Richer , former deputy director of operations at the CIA .
All of these men were deeply connected in a wide array of countries where the US was operating under the banner of " the war on terror . "
" If , let us say , that one wanted to find individuals , probably foreign nationals who can go out and mount an effective surveillance against a particular target for whatever purpose — intelligence collection or whatever — then you are going to be looking for the right group of individuals who provide you with the right combination of skills that you are seeking , " said Grenier .
" I just wanted the right people with the right skills doing the job .
Depending on the operation and what you want to get done , there really is no standard template .
Every time is the first time . "
According to Vanity Fair , while Grenier was at CTC , " [ Erik ]
Prince was developing unconventional means of penetrating ‘ hard target ’ countries — where the C.I.A. has great difficulty working either because there are no stations from which to operate or because local intelligence services have the wherewithal to frustrate the agency ’s designs . "
Grenier described the value of access to such networks and connections held by some contractors : " It may well be that you ’re dealing with an individual and let ’s just say for the sake of discussion that he ’s a Blackwater employee and perhaps that individual knows some other individual — perhaps foreigners with whom he or she has dealt in the past –that you want to gain access to and bring in on the team .
And maybe you want them to know what they ’re supposed to be doing and maybe you do n’t .
Maybe you ’re going to have them only partially aware of what they ’re doing and not aware of what the ultimate purpose for it . "
I pressed Grenier on why the CIA might use a company like Blackwater at any stage of a lethal operation instead of using US military special forces teams like those from the Joint Special Operations Command .
Grenier pointed to the complicated logistics of preparing such operations .
" It ’s not just a matter of sending in a direct action team , a JSOC squad to go and hit somebody .
There ’s a tremendous amount of preparation , if you will , that has to be done beforehand –most of it having to do with intelligence collection . "
As for Erik Prince ’s claims about his work with covert CIA teams , Grenier said , " The characterization that Erik Prince has provided — to the extent that he fully understood himself what he was saying — I think is easily subject to misinterpretation .
I do n’t know what was in his mind when he spoke . "
***
Overall , Grenier was generally supportive of the use of private contractors , though he did offer some criticisms .
He expressed concerned about the " revolving door " between government and the private sector , saying he endorsed moves to ban CIA personnel from returning as contractors less than a year after leaving the agency before official retirement .
" Many of these relationships are far too cozy , far too clubby and there are serious risks associated with the revolving door , " he said .
He also said he believes that contractors who work with US intelligence agencies should not subsequently or concurrently working with foreign governments .
" I can assure you that if the CIA were employing a contractor who had , thereby , access to very sensitive information , [ the CIA ] would take a very dim view of that same individual working for that company under a different contract , say , for the Israelis or for some other foreign government , " said Grenier .
I asked Grenier about the US military classifying operations that might traditionally be considered intelligence operations , such as US special forces activities in countries like Yemen or Somalia , as " preparing the battlefield , " making them a military rather than an intelligence operation .
Some critics have suggested that such classification is an attempt to avoid Congressional oversight of certain covert operations .
" That ’s a very interesting dodge , " Grenier said .
" It has not kept the Department of Defense from trying , at least in my view and the view of others in the intelligence community , to at least to some degree overstep their bounds . "
Grenier also said Congress " is complicit in it , " saying , " One of the things that keeps the military from having to report its intelligence - related activities to the relevant intelligence committees is the very jealous armed services committees who do n’t want to have their military reporting to these other committees . "
The Obama administration has continued the US policy of overwhelming reliance on private contractors at every level of the US national security apparatus and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In Afghanistan , the administration has dramatically increased the number of contractors from Bush - era levels .
In Iraq , while the overall US presence is decreasing , the percentage of contractors within the total US force continues to rise .
But it is not just on the battlefield .
According to a recent Congressional investigation , some 69 percent of all Department of Defense personnel are private contractors .
The CIA ’s recent $ 100 million contract with Blackwater for " security " services globally is a clear sign that this trend continues unabated at the agency under Leon Panetta .
The Commission on Wartime Contracting recently examined the issue of the use of contractors in sensitive operations at a hearing called , " Are Private Security Contractors Performing Inherently Governmental Functions ? "
One of the experts who testified , Dr. Allison Stanger , professor and director of the Rohatyn Center for International Affairs at Middlebury College , said that the government use of contractors has become a necessity , rather than a choice , but she painted a sober picture of the implications of the United States using such forces .
It " blurs the line between the legitimate and illegitimate use of force , which is just what our enemies want .
Al Qaeda ’s operatives have no country and are private actors waging war on the United States .
Terrorists may receive funding from states , but they are by definition non-state actors , " Stanger said .
" If the United States can legitimately rely on non-state actors wielding weapons to protect our interests , why ca n’t Al Qaeda or the Taliban , especially when contractor misdeeds appear to go completely unpunished ? "
I 've hesitated about tackling this particular topic , but with the recent proximity of Mother 's Day and the 50th anniversary of The Pill , I figured there was never going to be a better time to address it .
My hesitation stems from a reluctance to drag biology into the equation and to bring up some unpleasant home truths that can't be advocated or educated away .
Photo by Shutter Daddy
The luxury ( and make no mistake , it is born of privilege ) of a quarter - life crisis or simply a period in one 's twenties where you 're unsure of how you will earn a living for the next 30 or 40 years is not equally afforded to women of child - bearing years and child - bearing inclination .
While advances in birth control have given us unprecedented control over our reproductive lives , we still have n't come to the point were we can outsmart mother nature on a mass scale .
Women have only a finite period in which to get pregnant and give birth to children without ( barring existing fertility issues ) medical intervention and these years typically coincide with the time during which we 're attempting to launch and establish our careers .
This is reality , people .
But we 're not supposed to think about these competing priorities and if we do think about them , we better never ever mention them to the menfolk ( because only straight ladies want to have babies , silly ! ) , lest we look desperate , because desperate is unattractive .
There is nothing worse than unattractive , amirite ?
I liken it to Nancy Friday 's thoughts ( though she 's not the only one to raise the point ) on how " good girls " of her era did n't prepare for sex .
It was somehow permissible ( or at least forgivable ) to get swept up in the moment and just give in , not so being purposive and deliberate about deciding when and how to be sexually active .
Good girls did n't plan for it .
Now , it 's gauche to acknowledge that you think about your fertility ( other than in the capacity of preventing pregnancy ) , that you do in fact have a timeline in mind ( especially if you want multiple children ) for when you 'd ideally like to get pregnant and that this enters into your career and relationship decision - making .
You can either choose to be ( or to play ) willfully ignorant of biological constraints or to be painted as a baby - crazed ticking time bomb ( see the tabloid and gossip industry treatment of one Ms. Jennifer Aniston if you need an example ) .
Lovely .
And what about men ?
The prevailing ladymag wisdom is that they must be treated with kid ( heh ) gloves and that we must be vewy , vewy quiet ( think Elmer Fudd hunting rabbits ) and not scare them off by evincing a frothy - mouthed desire to get knocked up before the dessert course of the first date .
Har , har .
I 've seen both sides of the coin .
Complaints from an acquaintance about how every girl he dated wanted a ring on her finger and a baby in utero ASAP ( well , he said in her " stomach , " but I 'll charitably give both parties the benefit of the doubt and assume he and his dates know where fetuses hang out ) , but I 've also met my share of twenty and thirtysomething dudes who are dying to be dads .
And while men have it easier in that they can father offspring until they 're the age of Hugh Hefner , Larry King , Methuselah and that becoming a parent does n't necessitate a withdrawal ( even temporarily ) from the workforce ( and the attendant loss of career momentum ) , they do face the reality that they can't accomplish this goal alone ( at least to the degree that women can ) .
Unless we 're talking about the Governator , they still require someone to gestate their chromosomal contribution .
Not to mention that I 'm sure there are few outlets and opportunities afforded to men for pining aloud about one 's paternal impulses .
The issue of balancing careers and kids garnered a bit of media attention about six or seven years ago with the publication of Sylvia Ann Hewlett 's Creating a Life and the fact that Oprah herself devoted a show to the topic .
But the tenor of the discussion focused around fear - mongering to women about how terrible they 'd feel if they waited until too late to get aboard the baby express and then had to face the reality that they could n't get pregnant .
It was n't so much about taking charge of one 's fertility , but getting it before it got you .
It should n't be an antagonistic relationship and it should n't be painted as something cringeworthy and regressive to admit to that you want a family as well as a career and that you 've given thought to how you 're going to manage both of these goals .
Just like you do n't suddenly get swept up into becoming a sexually - actualized person , striking a balance between future motherhood and career success does n't just happen .
It requires effort , planning and a careful consideration of what trade - offs you 're willing to make at which life stages .
Given that Gen Y women reportedly expect to have it all , why are we not publicly ( and in mixed company ) acknowledging this reality ?
Is it because of the maddening frustration that for all of the advances feminism has given us , we are still forced to confront our basic animal biology and our inability to fully bend it to our wills ?
Is it that we fear it will undermine our hard - worn legitimacy as ostensible workplace equals ( although the lack of wage parity undermines the whole equality thing all on its own ) and throw into question our career commitment ?
Is it that we 've bought into the laughably tired stereotype of men being skittish commitmentphobes who must be beguiled into anything that smacks of adult responsibility and shielded from the truth of female reproductive reality ( Look at our subject break into a cold sweat upon hearing the word " tampon " Horrors ! ) at all costs ?
Or is it because we 've been conditioned to believe that nice girls just let nature ( when it comes to love , marriage and the baby carriage ) take its course , even if nature does n't necessarily have our best interests at heart ?
I 'm confused about immigration .
We libertarians believe in free trade .
That includes trade in labor , too .
New people bring us not just labor , but also good new ideas .
Open immigration during America 's first hundred years helped make America rich .
Open immigration is dangerous today , however , because some immigrants want to murder us .
And now that America is a welfare state , some want to come here just to freeload .
That great champion of freedom economist Milton Friedman said Mexican immigration is a good thing -- but only so long as it's illegal .
" Why ?
Because as long as it's illegal for people to come , they do n't qualify for welfare and Social Security .
So they migrate to jobs . "
But closing our eyes to illegal immigration cannot be good policy .
So what should Americans do ?
I sat down with Heather MacDonald of the conservative Manhattan Institute , author of " The Immigration Solution , " and Jason Riley of The Wall Street Journal 's editorial board , author of " Let Them In . "
I respect them both .
But they radically disagree on immigration policy .
" The case for open borders is a case for letting the law of supply and demand , the free market , determine the level of immigration , " Riley said .
" Right now , that determination is being made by politicians and public policy makers .
...
And like all exercises in Soviet - style central planning , it 's been a complete disaster .
We have thriving markets in document fraud ... and 12 million - plus illegal aliens .
... ( W )e would do better to move to a system that allowed the free market to determine the level of immigration .
And that 's the case for open borders . "
Riley proposes a guest - worker program .
" That is the way to reduce illegal immigration . "
Heather MacDonald retorts :
" A country is not a firm .
And it is absolutely the prerogative of a nation and its people to decide its immigration policy .
...
We should have an immigration policy that accentuates our natural economic advantage in the 21st century , which is as a high - tech , high - science economy .
... ( T ) he overwhelming number of immigrants that are coming in -- largely illegally -- are extremely low skilled . "
MacDonald worries that " we 're facing , for the first time in this country 's history ... the first decrease in national literacy and numeracy ... . "
She wants to copy Australia 's and Canada 's policy : " high skills , English language and education .... We should be looking out for our own economic self - interest . "
Riley disagreed with MacDonald 's claim that Mexican immigrants do n't fit America 's modern economy .
" ( T ) oday 's immigrants coming here are not different in terms of their behavior patterns , in terms of their assimilation levels .
They are simply newer . "
" Immigrants increase crime ! " is another charge hurled at illegals , but the data do n't bear that out .
There has been a surge in immigration over recent years , but crime has been dropping .
Crime has dropped in the border areas of Arizona and California , too .
MacDonald said crime was high during immigration surges in the 1970s and ' 80s , and attributed the recent drop to higher incarceration rates .
But Riley noted :
" Incarceration reports from the Justice Department ... show that the native - born are five times more likely than the immigrant population to be arrested and incarcerated ... "
But if today 's illegals are not eligible for welfare , less likely to commit crimes and eager to work , why are people in the border states so ticked off ?
" Why would n't they be ? " Riley said .
" It 's chaos down there .
There 's trespassing .
There are people breaking the law .
We 're a nation of laws .
It 's out of control .
The question is how to fix it .
And I do n't think sealing off the border is the best way to fix it .
I think regulating the flow is the best way to fix it . "
It would be easier to " regulate the flow " if America made it easier for people to work here legally .
State Department data show that a British Ph.D. in bioengineering must wait about six months to get a Green Card .
A South African computer programmer , six years .
An Indian computer programmer , 35 years .
A Mexican with a high school diploma must wait a theoretical 131 years !
No wonder people sneak into America .
Black markets make problems worse .
America should let more people come here legally .
John Stossel is host of " Stossel " on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of " Give Me a Break " and of " Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity . "
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at johnstossel.com .
To read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists , visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Fox Forum is on Twitter .
Follow us @fxnopinion .
You Are What You Eat by Mark Menjivar is a series of portraits made by examining the interiors of refrigerators in homes across the Untied States .
For three years he traveled around the country exploring the issue of hunger .
[ nggallery id=49 ]
Source : 1 , 2
The tropics owe their stunning biodiversity to consistent year - round temperatures , not higher temperatures or more sunlight , according to a novel survey of insect diversity at different latitudes and at different points in the planet 's history .
The finding , presented this week in the journal Paleobiology by researchers from Harvard University , Simon Fraser University , and Brandon University , may finally answer a question that has dogged scientists for centuries .
It also suggests , intriguingly , that the world is likely far less diverse today than it was tens of millions of years ago , when the entire Earth had consistent year - round temperatures , much like the modern tropics .
" The latitudinal diversity gradient has been recognized for 150 years as one of the most general observations in nature , and has produced more explanatory hypotheses than nearly any other observation , " says co-author Brian D. Farrell , professor of biology at Harvard .
" We show that when most of today 's organisms were diversifying , up through the Eocene , the world lacked pronounced seasonality , more like today 's tropics , even in areas where the temperature was low . "
" It appears it 's not the heat of the tropics that promotes diversity ; it 's the newer seasons of the temperate zone that depress diversity . "
Scientists ' explanations for tropical biodiversity have tended to focus on the greater heat and light found closer to the equator , and to a lesser extent the low seasonality of the tropics , where average temperature in the hottest and coolest months may vary by only a few degrees .
" These factors tend to change together as you travel away from the equator toward the poles , leaving it difficult to separate their individual effects on diversity , " says lead author S. Bruce Archibald , a research associate at Simon Fraser University , Harvard 's Museum of Comparative Zoology , and the Royal British Columbia Museum .
Archibald conducted the research for his doctoral dissertation at Harvard , where Farrell was his advisor .
Farrell , Archibald , and colleagues engaged in a kind of time travel , invoking the fossil record to solve this conundrum .
They compared modern insect diversity at the Harvard Forest in Petersham , Mass . , and in a Costa Rican jungle against that seen at the 52.9 - million - year - old McAbee fossil bed in British Columbia , noted for its exceptionally well preserved insects .
At the time the McAbee fossils were created , Earth 's climate was far less seasonal at all latitudes , allowing tropical species such as palm trees and crocodiles to live in what is now the high Arctic .
The scientists ' discovery that the ancient Canadian site 's insect diversity mirrors that of the modern Costa Rican jungle , despite a marked difference in latitude , suggests that it 's seasonality , not heat or light , that drives biodiversity .
" Planet Earth and life have coevolved for well over a billion years , and this is yet additional evidence of the consequent intertwining of global physical and biological phenomena , " Farrell says .
Farrell and Archibald 's co-authors on the Paleobiology paper are William H. Bossert of Harvard 's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences and David R. Greenwood of Brandon University .
The work was funded by the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada , Harvard 's Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology and Museum of Comparative Zoology , and the Maurice Pechet Foundation .
In May of this year the Center for Public Policy of Virginia Commonwealth University , collaborating with VCU Life Sciences , commissioned a telephone poll of 1001 American adults , asking for their views on science and scientific issues ( global warming , evolution , stem - cell research , etc. ) .
They also partitioned out people ’s answers by age , education , and religiosity .
The survey , conducted by Princeton Data Source , was selected to be demographically representative of Americans , and is claimed to have a 95 % confidence interval of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points .
You can download the survey results here .
Since the document is 59 pages long , I wo n’t go into detail about the results , but want to highlight a few items dealing with evolution .
First , what ’s the state of American “ belief ” in evolution ?
Which of these statements comes closest to your views on the origin of biological life : biological life developed over time from simple substances , but God guided this process , biological life developed over time from simple substances but God did not guide this process , God directly created biological life in its present form at one point in time ?
[ Note : the order of answers was randomized among people ]
God directly created life : 43 % Life developed over time , God guided this process : 24 % Life developed over time , God did n’t guide it : 18 % None of these / did n’t know / refused to answer : 16 %
This is pretty much in line with previous surveys over the past 25 years .
67 % of Americans are either creationists or believe that God directed evolution ; only 18 % accept evolution as the unguided process seen by biologists .
Now how many respondents know much about evolution ?
How much have you heard or read about the theory of evolution ?
A lot : 44 % Some : 32 % Not too much / nothing : 23 % Do n’t know / refused to answer : 2 %
That 44 % seems high to me , and I suspect that if you asked people to explain what evolution or natural selection really are , you ’d find that the figure is inflated .
In line with that , these results are a surprise :
From what you ’ve hear or read , do you think the evidence on evolution is widely accepted within the scientific community , or do many scientists have serious doubts about it ?
Widely accepted : 53 % Many scientists have serious doubts : 31 % Do n’t know / refused to answer : 16 %
If so many people are widely acquainted with the theory of evolution , it ’s curious that nearly a third of them think that scientists have serious doubts about it .
But this surely reflects people ’s religious biases or what they hear from religious figures .
That ’s supported by the following :
In general , would you say the theory of evolution conflicts with your own religious beliefs , or is mostly compatible with your own religious beliefs ?
[ Again , order of responses was randomized among people ]
Conflicts with my beliefs : 42 % Is mostly compatible : 43 % Do n’t know / refused to answer : 16 %
The large chunk who see conflict is bad news for accommodationists .
But the accommodationist response — at least that of the National Academy of Sciences , the National Center for Science Education , and the American Association for the Advancement of Science — is this :
You do n’t understand your own faith , because if you did , you would see that there ’s really no conflict .
They have a big theological task in front of them .
And what do Americans think about religion , specifically the Bible ?
Which of these statements comes closest to describing your feelings about the Bible — The Bible is the actual Word of God , the Bible is the Word of God but not everything in it should be taken literally , or the Bible is a book written by men and is not the Word of God ?
Actual Word of God : 40 %
Not everything to be taken literally : 34 % Bible written by men : 21 % Do n’t know / refused to answer : 6 %
That ’s more Biblical literalists than I would have guessed , but of course it explains why many people see their faith in conflict with evolution .
Good luck , accommodationists , convincing these people that the Bible is just a metaphor .
As expected , the answers to questions about evolution are highly correlated with people ’s faith :
Of those see the Bible as the Actual Word of God ( 378/1001 ) , 69 % believe that God directly created biological life in its present form , 12 % believe that biological life developed over time but was guided by God , and only 5 % believed in unguided evolution ( 14 % do n’t know / none of these ) .
Of those who see the Bible as the Word of God , but not all of it should be taken literally ( 366 ) , 35 % were straight creationists , 42 % were theistic evolutionists , and 11 % were adherents to unguided evolution ( 11 % do n’t know / none of these ) .
And of those who see the Bible as written by men ( 205 ) , 12 % were straight creationists , 18 % accepted theistic evolution , and 56 % were adherents to unguided evolution ( 13 % do n’t know / none of these ) .
Finally , there ’s a strong relationship between how one views the Bible and whether one sees evolution in conflict with one ’s religious beliefs :
Of those see the Bible as the Actual Word of God , 62 % see evolution in conflict with their faith , 22 % see it as mostly compatible , and 17 % do n’t know .
Of those who see the Bible as the Word of God , but not all of it should be taken literally , 35 % see evolution in conflict with their faith , 53 % see it as mostly compatible , and 12 % do n’t know .
And of those who see the Bible as written by men , 20 % see evolution in conflict with their faith , 68 % see it as mostly compatible , and 12 % do n’t know .
What can you conclude from all this except that the acceptance of evolution depends heavily on the nature and extent of religious belief ?
That ’s not news to anyone — except , perhaps , some accommodationists .
How do we solve the problem ?
Many scientists — atheists and accommodationists alike — are trying to educate people about what evolution is and how much evidence supports it .
Sadly , that does n’t seem to be working very well , at least judging by how little acceptance of evolution has budged over the last few decades .
We diverge from accommodationists , though , in how we go further .
The accommodationist technique is to accept that people are religious but to convince them that evolution does n’t really violate their faith .
Good luck with that .
We atheists see religion itself , and its adherence to superstition and acceptance of irrational ways of thought , as the root cause of not only evolution denial , but of a whole host of maladies that afflict society .
Our strategy may be harder , but has the benefit of dispelling these other maladies as well .
As Sam Harris observed when discussing Mooney and Kirshenbaum ’s Unscientific America :
The goal is not to get more Americans to merely accept the truth of evolution ( or any other scientific theory ) ; the goal is to get them to value the principles of reasoning and educated discourse that now make a belief in evolution obligatory .
Doubt about evolution is merely a symptom of an underlying problem ; the problem is faith itself — conviction without sufficient reason , hope mistaken for knowledge , bad ideas protected from good ones , good ideas occluded by bad ones , wishful thinking elevated to a principle of salvation , etc. Mooney and Kirshenbaum seem to imagine that we can get people to value intellectual honesty by lying to them .
Technological change is never easy .
Or quick .
Or perfect .
Just look at the New York City Police Department .
The NYPD made unfortunate news this week when the New York Post reported that New York City had signed a nearly $ 1 million contract with a vendor to purchase thousands of new manual and electric typewriters during the next three years .
The NYPD 's typewriter needs , noted the article , accounted for the bulk of the contract .
This is the same organization that CIO profiled in March 2006 .
The article describes how NYPD Deputy Commissioner and CIO Jim Onalfo , who took over the reins in May 2003 , had invigorated the NYPD 's IT department and brought them into the 21st century .
As the article reported , changes to the insular and bureaucratic culture and legacied IT environment had been vast - massive improvements in disaster recovery , wireless communications and networking infrastructure , just to name a few .
( To read the profile , see NYPD New . )
Even three years into Onalfo 's serious IT overhaul in 2006 , stark disconnects were still present : " Each of the 76 precincts is now connected by a videoconferencing system that ties into a command center at One Police Plaza , " the article stated .
" Within some of the precincts , however , there are still detectives using typewriters to fill out paper reports . "
According to the Post article , NYPD cops " still use typewriters to fill out property and evidence vouchers , which are printed on carbon - paper forms .
There are typewriters in every police precinct , including one in every detective squad . "
( The NYPD " is working on software to eliminate the old machines , " a police representative told the Post . )
It should be noted that NYPD IT and CIO Onalfo have made huge strides in overhauling how the NYPD uses new technologies .
The NYPD relies heavily on the Real - Time Crime Center ( RTCC ) , a high - tech " war room " where detectives are able to tap into dozens of police , government and other related databases .
As an example of the RTCC 's power , real - time information from police officers at the scenes of crime can be meshed with the sophisticated database queries made at the RTCC to help to track down criminals .
In addition , as CIO.com reported in fall 2008 , emergency 911 capabilities allow citizens to directly transmit photos and videos to the police at the RTCC .
New Yorkers can also send text messages and multi-language e-mails to its Crime Stoppers hotline program .
In truth , there are probably a lot of businesses and government agencies that have stashes of typewriters in their offices , just like the NYPD does .
But until everything is digitized , there will be a seemingly mind - boggling need for typewriters .
The NYPD 's typewriters are both a lasting vestige of the way things were and a shocking reminder of just how much more change needs to be done .
Do you Tweet ?
Follow me on Twitter @twailgum .
Follow everything from CIO.com on Twitter @CIOonline .
This story , " IT Change Is Hard : Typewriters Still in Use at NYPD " was originally published by CIO .
Update : I ’ve just uploaded v0.7b of the installer .
The only change is a small bugfix in the installer itself , and only very few people ran into this .
If you could successfully install either The Homebrew Channel or BootMii , there is no need to reinstall again , both are unchanged compared to v0.7 .
If you had problems before , please try again with this version .
The download links and the integrated update feature in HBC itself have been updated for this bugfix .
After more than four weeks we believe we ’ve finally reached the point for the next public release of the HackMii Installer : v0.7 .
A lot of changes and improvements went into this release .
After quite some headaches and a few puzzles ( thanks Erant ! ) we stockpiled over 250 commits since v0.6 , increasing the compatibility with even more Wiis .
The installer now works completely differently , The Homebrew Channel got a few new features and a new look , and BootMii received a fair amount of minor improvements too .
Next to the usual minor fixes , these are the changes worth mentioning :
HackMii Installer ( v0.7 )
New exploit to enable ( un - ) installation of all components ﻿﻿﻿on fully updated Wiis ( up to , and including System Menu v4.3 ) .
Proper support for all regions , including KOR .
General overhaul : the installer now requires BootMii / IOS to function .
It will automatically be installed upon startup – either if BootMii / IOS is not installed or if it is older than the version this release comes with .
DVDX died a horrible death .
Rumor has it that someone dropped a snapple bottle on its head .
Additional installer binary bootmini.elf , see the included README . txt for more infos .
BootMii beta 5 ( v1.2 ) :
Compatible with more SD cards .
New font , borrowed from the deceased Twilight Hack .
The button combination when restoring a NAND backup with only BootMii / IOS was impossible to perform with some pads .
It has been changed to the Konami Code .
The Homebrew Channel ( v1.0.7 ) :
New title id to circumvent its deletion by System Menu v4.3 .
New look from our favorite pixel artist drmr .
Both views now show five rows of application entries .
On -NAND settings .
The selected device , sort order , view and application are saved .
Settings are restored when reentering HBC .
The settings can be deleted via the System Menu ’s Data Management .
The selected device , sort order , view and application are saved .
Settings are restored when reentering HBC .
The settings can be deleted via the System Menu ’s Data Management .
HBC now has the ﻿﻿HW_AHBPROT flags set for direct hardware access , thus replacing DVDX .
Ability to not reload IOS when launching an application .
This effectively means that loaded applications inherit the title id , gaining direct hardware access via HW_AHBPROT .
To use this feature , add ﻿< no_ios_reload / > to the < app > node in your meta.xml file .
wiiloaded binaries automatically gain direct hardware access .
libogc SVN ( starting with r4166 ) has been extended for this feature .
DI_Init ( ) will detect if an application has been launched this way , and DVD access should just work without any changes to your code .
This effectively means that loaded applications inherit the title id , gaining direct hardware access via HW_AHBPROT .
To use this feature , add ﻿< no_ios_reload / > to the < app > node in your meta.xml file .
wiiloaded binaries automatically gain direct hardware access .
libogc SVN ( starting with r4166 ) has been extended for this feature .
DI_Init ( ) will detect if an application has been launched this way , and DVD access should just work without any changes to your code .
USB access is more stable , thanks to ﻿tueidj
Fixed the retry mechanism for the network initialization .
Fixed some rare hangs upon launch and exit ( Hopefully all of them ) .
A little surprise , to be announced soon .
Refrain from bugging us about it , you ’ll know soon enough 😉
If you have installed HBC v1.0.7 , it is safe to update your Wii to System Menu v4.3 .
Please note that HBC ’s update check now contains data in the referrer string unique to each Wii .
Its sole purpose is for anonymous usage statistics .
Before asking questions , please read the included README files .
You will also find information about how to report problems and encountered bugs .
Thanks to all the beta testers , it ’s been a long ride .
Either grab the new installer here , or use the HBC online update ( a confirmation dialog should pop up when launching an older version of HBC ) .
As always : Please link to this post instead of mirroring the binary , thanks .
Enjoy .
Sarah Palin was doing a meet - and - greet at the American Amusement Machine Association 's International Bowl Expo 2010 last week ( Ha ) and , well , it appears one guy she met was a fan of more than just her fiscal policies .
While we 're not experts , we 're pretty sure the guy in blue 's American flag is flying at a bit more than half mast , if you know what we 're saying .
No ?
He has a giant hard - on .
( Thanks to Madame - Ovary for the tip ! )
Update : Belated hat tip to the obsessive Palintologists at the Immoral Minority , who had the video first .
Palaeontologist Simon Parfitt shows a newly discovered fossil of hyena droppings found in a United Kingdom river deposit , during a press conference to reveal the findings at the Royal Institution in London , Wednesday , July 7 , 2010 .
The finds , revealed in this week 's Nature magazine , indicate that early humans were living in northern Europe more than 780,000 years ago and tell us more about the dispersal of early humans out of Africa and will likely prompt a re-evaluation of the adaptations and capabilities of early humans .
( AP Photo / Sang Tan )
Early humans migrating out of Africa adapted to freezing climes more than 800,000 years ago , far sooner than previously thought possible , according to a landmark study released Wednesday .
A trove of flint tools found near Happisburgh in the eastern English county of Norfolk marks Homo sapiens ' earliest known settlement in a location where winter temperatures fell below zero degrees Celsius ( 32 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
The discovery implies our ancestors some 26,000 generations ago survived climates like those of southern Sweden today , perhaps without the comforting benefit of fire or clothes , the study says .
Until now , almost every archeological site testifying to habitation across Eurasia during the Early Pleistocene period , 1.8 million to 780,000 years ago , has been below the 45th parallel , suggesting a natural temperature barrier to further northward expansion .
All these sites were either tropical , savannah or Mediterranean in character .
The climate boundary cut across southern France and northern Italy , Romania , southern Kazakhstan and Mongolia , as well as northeastern China and the northern tip of Hokkaido Island in Japan .
The only known exception -- a site at Pakefield in Suffolk , southern England -- was occupied by humans during a balmy interlude .
But the new research , led by Nick Ashton of the British Museum , has thrown down a challenge to the 45th - parallel rule .
It has shown for the first time that our hardy forebears , armed with a few stone tools or weapons , could survive in a challenging , frigid environment .
" The new flint artefacts are incredibly important , " said Ashton .
" Not only are they much earlier than other finds , but they are associated with a unique array of environmental data that gives a clear picture of the vegetation and climate . "
Piecing that information together required several strains of complex detective work .
To date the tools , the researchers examined the magnetic data locked in different layers and types of sediment , comparing them to known changes in the direction and intensity of Earth 's magnetic fields .
The materials , however , did not lend themselves easily to such analysis , both because of the lack of magnetic minerals , and because of " noise " created by the presence of an iron - rich rock called greigite .
Ashton and colleagues also used a technique called biostratigraphy , which analyses the remnant traces of plants and animals .
By cross-referencing species known to be already extinct or not yet present , they succeeded in narrowing down the timeframe .
Together , the magnetic and biological evidence " indicate a date toward the end of the Early Pleistocene , " concludes the study , published in the British journal Nature .
Reconstructing the climate and environment -- near an estuary of the River Thames , which has since changed course -- also called for identifying long - dead flora and fauna , including several types of pollen , seeds , pinecones , barnacles and beetles .
Summers probably averaged 16 to 18 C ( 61 to 64 F ) , and winters a frosty zero to - 3.0 C ( 32 to 26 F ) .
During the harsh winters , the area 's two - legged predators almost certainly relied on hunting animals , as edible plants would have been in very short supply , the study says .
Still , they would have also benefited from the warming impact of the ocean , as well as species - rich freshwater pools , salt marshes and a large tidal flood plain with a large range of grass - eating creatures and their predators .
Further excavation is already under way to resolve other mysteries .
" It remains unclear whether expansion into northern latitudes with lower winder temperatures required human physical adaptation , seasonal migration or developments in technology such as hunting , clothes , the use of shelters or control of fire , " the researchers said .
Explore further Hand axes in Europe nearly a million years old : study
( c ) 2010 AFP
A British panel on Wednesday exonerated the scientists caught up in the controversy known as Climategate of charges that they had manipulated their research to support preconceived ideas about global warming .
But the panel also rebuked the scientists for several aspects of their behavior , especially their reluctance to release computer files supporting their scientific work .
And it declared that a chart they produced in 1999 about past climate was “ misleading . ”
The new report is the last in a series of investigations of leading British and American climate researchers , prompted by the release of a cache of e-mail messages that cast doubt on their conduct and raised fresh public controversy over the science of global warming .
All five investigations have come down largely on the side of the climate researchers , rejecting a number of criticisms raised by global - warming skeptics .
Still , mainstream climate science has not emerged from the turmoil unscathed .
A memorial walk organized shortly after the death of Silver Lake 's Marc Abrams is following a portion of the local icon's daily route , and has drawn an estimated 1,000 people so far to take part .
Abrams ' death prompted an outpouring of grief and fond remembrances from those who knew him — or those who just knew him from afar .
There is an unfortunate dark side to the story , however , after reports of a criminal investigation into Abrams ' medical practice and the possibility the 58 - year - old 's death may have been a suicide .
Said City Council President Eric Garcetti via Facebook , from the scene of the walk , which began at around 12:30 this afternoon : " Walking Man tribute walk in Silver Lake dr[aws ] hundreds , proves LA does walk and does have amazing community bonds . "
As you probably read on the Dot yesterday Okular does n’t support much of ODF .
I remembered that Jos had created the Slidecompare tool , so I got the idea to combine it with an Okular generator .
It turned out that it ’s pretty easy to combine the ends from both worlds .
Okular offers a very nice API to write generators , which is almost an exact match to the KOffice one .
The generator currently supports only formats supported by KPresenter : ODP , PPT and PPTX .
Currently only rendering is supported ( so no search ) .
The generator is now in KOffice trunk .
Even though it ’s just 107 lines of code , it can make use of all the work that went into the KOffice import filters .
I love integration !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
THEODORE , Ala./HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Lawmakers accused BP
Plc on Monday of taking risky shortcuts on its blown - out Gulf of Mexico oil well , while President Barack Obama kept up pressure on the energy giant to swiftly compensate victims of the worst spill in U.S. history .
Setting the stage for a showdown with BP executives at congressional hearings this week , two Democratic lawmakers said the British company chose faster and cheaper drilling options in the Gulf of Mexico that “ increased the danger of a catastrophic well failure . ”
Millions of gallons ( liters ) of oil have gushed into the Gulf since an April 20 explosion on an offshore rig killed 11 workers and ruptured BP ’s well .
The spill has soiled 120 miles of U.S. coastline , imperiled a multibillion - dollar fishing industry and killed birds , sea turtles and dolphins .
Obama , on his fourth visit to the Gulf Coast since the crisis began , said he would press BP executives at a White House meeting on Wednesday to deal “ justly , fairly and promptly ” with damage claims from the spill .
In New York , BP ’s U.S. - listed shares tumbled 9.71 percent on investor concern the company may give in to calls by U.S. politicians to suspend its quarterly dividend .
In London , BP shares closed down 9.3 percent .
Under intense pressure from the Obama administration , BP unveiled a new plan on Monday to vastly boost the amount of oil it is siphoning off from its ruptured well .
But the leak will not be permanently sealed until BP finishes two relief wells that are due to be completed in August .
BP said it planned to send more vessels to the spill site to increase its capacity to capture oil from 15,000 barrels a day now to 40,000 - 53,000 barrels by the end of this month and 60,000 - 80,000 by mid-July .
“ RISKY PROCEDURES ”
In a pivotal week in the 56 - day - old crisis , Obama began a two - day visit to Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
He will address the nation on Tuesday before meeting the BP executives on Wednesday for what a White House spokesman said would be a “ very frank ” encounter .
Ahead of congressional hearings on Tuesday and Thursday , lawmakers Henry Waxman and Bart Stupak released a letter to BP Chief Executive Tony Hayward that laid out a potentially damning account of the events leading up to the rig explosion .
“ It appears that BP repeatedly chose risky procedures in order to reduce costs and save time and made minimal efforts to contain the added risk , ” their letter said .
A BP spokesman said it would be inappropriate to comment before the hearings .
The massive spill has overshadowed Obama ’s political agenda , eclipsing job creation and Wall Street reform .
Both are key issues in November congressional elections in which Obama ’s fellow Democrats are expected to face a tough fight to hold onto their majorities in both houses .
Facing intense criticism that he has not shown enough leadership in the spill , Obama will seek to use his meeting with BP executives and his first nationally televised Oval Office speech to show he is on top of the crisis .
But Anthony Bourgeois , 62 , a seventh - generation commercial fisherman , said the situation was past the point where Obama ’s words could quickly bring a quick solution .
“ There ai n’t much he can say .
We ’re all commercial fishermen and we ca n’t go out and make a living , ” he said in blazing heat in Venice , Louisiana .
Slideshow ( 29 images )
BP SHARES SLIDE AGAIN
BP has faced a barrage of criticism over its handling of the cleanup and last week was confronted with a White House threat to widen its liabilities for the disaster .
The company has lost more than 40 percent of its market value since the crisis began .
“ The concern is that BP is going to cut its dividend and that ’s weighing on the stock , ” said Andy Fitzpatrick , director of investments at Hinsdale Associates , in Hinsdale , Illinois .
BP has hired investment banks Blackstone Group LP , Goldman Sachs Group LP and Credit Suisse Group AG as advisers , a source familiar with the matter said .
Slideshow ( 29 images )
The source did not say what role the banks would play .
Investment bankers generally advise companies on corporate strategy , including mergers and acquisitions and financings .
The spill has created an unprecedented financial , legal , regulatory and environmental crisis for companies that operate in the Gulf of Mexico , Moody ’s Investors Service warned in a report on Monday , saying it could be up to two years before oil production reaches pre-spill levels .
The Obama administration ’s six - month moratorium on deepwater drilling in the Gulf of Mexico posed “ uncertainties that could last well beyond this date for producers , drillers and service companies operating in the region , ” Moody ’s said .
In his meeting with BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg on Wednesday , Obama will press for the company to set up an independently managed fund to pay oil spill damage claims .
SCRAP THE DIVIDEND ?
Speaking in Theodore , Alabama , Obama said the White House was already talking to BP about the fund and hoped agreement on a framework for claims payments would be reached by Wednesday .
Gulf Coast residents have been complaining for weeks the BP claims process is too slow and that the money the company is paying out is too little to make ends meet .
U.S. politicians have been calling on BP to scrap its quarterly dividend to ensure it has enough money on hand to pay the compensation claims and clean up the spill .
BP executives will likely face renewed pressure to do this when they testify to Congress this week .
Representatives of BP , Exxon Mobil , Royal Dutch Shell , Chevron and ConocoPhillips are due to testify on Tuesday and may give the best view yet of how the industry expects the spill to affect it in the long term .
But analysts also expect the hearing to be full of drama .
“ It ’s going to be ugly for BP officials and there ’s probably not going to be a lot gained from the experience , ” said Michael Sheldon , chief market strategist at RDM Financial in Westport , Connecticut .
BP ’s Hayward will make his first appearance at a congressional hearing on Thursday and is expected to face harsh questioning from lawmakers .
As chief executive , Hayward is the public face of BP ’s response to the spill and a lightning rod for criticism that the company played down the scale of the disaster to reduce its potential liabilities .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Several dozen current , former and contracted employees of the U.S. Defense Department may have put national security at risk by accessing and purchasing child pornography , government documents showed Friday .
Several of the people identified in a series of reports released by the Defense Department were listed as having top secret or higher security clearance .
They worked for groups within the department such as the National Security Agency and the National Reconnaissance Office , two of the country 's top intelligence agencies .
Some employees are suspected of having used their work computers to view pornographic websites .
News of the investigations , which span several years , was reported by the Boston Globe on Friday .
" Child pornography is illegal and subscribers of commercial child pornography that are associated with the DoD put the DoD , the military and national security at risk by compromising computer systems , military installations and security clearances to name a few , " read one report from the Defense Criminal Investigative Service dated October 2008 .
The report continued : " Additionally , it puts the DoD at risk of blackmail , bribery , and threats , especially since these individuals typically have access to military installations . "
Gary Comoford , a Department of Defense inspector general official , declined to comment on the cases .
Some employees involved in the investigation have pleaded guilty to charges of child pornography , but other inquiries were dropped or are still open .
One case against a Defense Department contractor who reportedly admitted to having viewed pornographic material of children was dropped " due to a lack of resources , " according to one of the reports from 2009 .
CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .
Check out my new website Justbignews.com , a news aggregator showing the biggest topics happening in the world
A journalist at the Telegraph ( U.K. ) has some grim news for the Middle Class .
Although Edmund Conway focuses on Britain in Middle class families face a triple threat , his remarks apply mutatis mutandis to the United States as well .
I 'll present his arguments with some brief commentary .
Let 's start at the top —
You do n't usually expect radical neo-Marxism from the International Monetary Fund – the last great bastion of capitalism , spreading the gospel about the free market to the furthest reaches of the world ...
The claim made by the IMF 's Financial Stability Report in 2005 , in a seemingly throwaway remark , was that households had become the financial system 's " shock absorber of last resort " .
In other words , whereas in previous eras , much of the pain of recession and financial crisis was borne by businesses or governments , with families afforded some degree of protection by the pensions system or welfare state , it was now households who were far more likely to face the music ...
Here in the United States , it is quite clear that households are facing the music .
How does it feel to be a shock absorber ?
Does it feel like somebody 's jumping up and down on you all the time ?
Let 's get the details —
The problem is that families face a threefold threat to their prosperity .
The first issue – the one that the IMF was originally focusing on – is pensions .
Not so long ago , households were lucky enough to receive gold - plated pensions that would guarantee a certain pay - out upon retirement ...
Private pensions disappeared in a puff of smoke years ago .
And as Mish points out just about everyday , extravagant public pension programs are also unaffordable .
Most Baby Boomers are completely unprepared for retirement , and many of them have debt up the wazoo .
What should households do now ?
Suddenly households have gone from being able to rely on a constant stream of legally protected income from their employer to having to manage their own investments ...
This would be fine if one could be assured that most people would have either the time or the inclination to understand these new responsibilities .
But every piece of evidence – academic and anecdotal – suggests that they do not .
The result is that the majority of households are heading blindly towards a future of relative poverty .
Actually , having to " manage " your investments to earn your retirement income , assuming there is some money to invest , is much worse than Conway says .
First , it 's now expected that you 've got to gamble ( or learn how to ) in a sea full of sharks .
And worse , even many of the professional gamblers have no idea how to make money in the markets anymore .
Low - yield Treasuries , anyone ?
The second issue is that the welfare state has become unaffordable ...
This became obvious recently when Congress failed to pass extensions of benefits for the long - term unemployed .
And it is not merely that the middle class and the poorest have found themselves squeezed so hard : it is that so much of the extra cash generated during the boom years ( and even after them ) has been actively funnelled towards the most wealthy .
The median wage in the US , adjusted for inflation , has been stagnant for pretty much three decades .
But the figures at the high end of the scale have soared ; whereas in 1970 the average US chief executive made $ 25 for every dollar of their typical employee 's salary , today the figure is more like $ 90 .
Well , yes , although this is hardly ever discussed in the United States .
I write about wealth & income inequality in America all the time ( e.g. see Trickle Down Economics ) .
Let 's get to the bottom line —
Moreover , there is good reason to suspect , as Raghuram Rajan points out in his new book , Fault Lines , that policy - makers have only been able to persuade people to live with this manifestly unfair situation by pumping up ever bigger booms in the property and stock markets to give them the impression that they are actually making money .
Now that the bubble has burst and debt is harder to procure , that illusion has evaporated .
All this before one even takes into account the third problem for households – that they are having to bear the costs of the clean - up for the financial crisis ...
So I have one simple question : when do the politicians intend to let the public know about the fate that awaits them ?
The longer they put it off , the nastier the reaction , the bigger the strikes and the greater the chance that governments will fall .
Do n't say you were n't warned .
Perhaps you have the same question —
When do the politicians intend to let the public know about the fate that awaits them ?
I think we know the answer — Never .
At least if you read DOTE , you can no longer say you were n't warned .
KCTV news report on NHL in KCDo n't bet on it .
But in the last couple of weeks , some interesting rumors have circulated out of Long Island , including the Islanders relocating to Kansas City , Missouri .
I was just wondering what you guys thought about it .
One of my favorite websites for tracking sports franchise news is Dan Krieger 's Weekly Sports League and Franchise Report at OurSports Central .
He posted the following report last Monday ( July 19 ) :
The town of Hempstead on Long Island ( NY ) has limited the scope of a proposed development around Nassau Coliseum , home to the NHL's New York Islanders .
This could put an end to planned renovations for the arena , so there has been speculation the Islanders ' owner will consider relocating to Kansas City , Las Vegas , Seattle , or a new arena planned for Brooklyn .
This " speculation " was actually backed up by a local TV station in Kansas City , who made the graphic above .
They also spoke with NYI Point Blank blogger and former Isles media relations VP Chris Botta by phone .
Without hesitation , he says it 's not going to happen .
Not even a little bit .
Despite a " 70 % hack of [ Charles ]
Wang 's county - approved vision for the property surrounded the [ Nassau Veterans Memorial ] Coliseum , " Botta writes on his blog , the owners " want to keep the Islanders in Nassau . "
Of course the Islanders have n't said anything publicly about it , nor will they , but I thought it was an interesting notion to see a 38 - year - old , 4 - time Stanley Cup champion team at the hands of such a rumor .
I think it'd be nice to see hockey back in Kansas City .
I 'm sure even Las Vegas would be a great draw .
But what still shocks me is the lack of pro hockey in the Pacific Northwest — namely , Portland and Seattle .
And if the Islanders were to move to Brooklyn , would it come with a name change — say , to Americans ?
All I know is it seems there 's very little chance the Isles will actually leave Long Island .
But it 's always interesting to think about .
The European parliament approved on Thursday a bank data sharing scheme that the United States says is crucial to fight terrorism after securing safeguards to protect the privacy of Europeans .
The United States will again have access to the banking information from August 1 after European MPs voted 484-109 in favour of a new five - year deal that was signed by Brussels and Washington last week .
The new agreement is a victory for the parliament , which used powers it gained under the European Union 's Lisbon Treaty to block an initial deal in February , barring Washington from seeing the bank data since then .
Michael Dodman , the charge d'affaires of the US mission to the EU , said the lack of an agreement had created a " security gap " and that the program was " very important to the security of the United States and Europe . "
European
MPs dropped their opposition to the program after the EU and the United States agreed on a set of measures to prevent intrusions into the privacy of Europeans .
Former servicemen have constructed what is believed to be the world 's tallest model railway .
The project , supported by Royal British Legion Industries , is now on show at St Pancras station in London .
Ian Palmer reports .
Frequently Asked Questions about a possible future Wasteland 2 by InXile Entertainment .
Contents show ]
Production and release Edit
What is Wasteland 2 ?
Edit
Wasteland 2 is a possible future sequel to Wasteland , a 1988 post - apocalyptic computer roleplaying game created by Interplay Productions , which was the predecessor of the more widely known Fallout series .
Who will be making it ?
Edit
The founder of Interplay and one of the original designers of Wasteland , Brian Fargo , left Interplay and founded a new company called InXile Entertainment in 2003 and indicated that he wants to make a new Wasteland game .
InXile also hired Jason Anderson , one of the creators of Fallout , as creative director for a new , unannounced role - playing game which might be Wasteland 2 [ 1 ] .
However , he left the company in January 2011 to join Turtle Rock Studios .
But did n't Electronic
Arts own it ?
Edit
The rights to the title were owned by Electronic Arts , but when they expired , Konami registered the trademark for use with their Yu - Gi- Oh series .
In 2003 , InXile acquired the rights to the Wasteland title from Konami .
But will it really be made ?
Edit
While on June 21 , 2007 , Brian Fargo said , " I am indeed looking into bringing back the game that spawned the Fallout series .
Stay tuned .... " in an interview with fan site Duck and Cover [ 2 ] , no new official Wasteland 2 information has surfaced since then .
In March 2009 it was announced that Fallout creator Jason Anderson will work at InXile as a creative director on a new role playing game which might be Wasteland 2 .
In March 2012 Brian Fargo has started a campaign Kickstarter for funding the game , for a goal of 900.000 $ .
The goal was reached then the game will be made .
They met that goal the next day and the amount of money going into this project is still rising .
Is this the project known as Meantime ?
Edit
No , Meantime was a game canceled in the early 1990s , which used an updated version of Wasteland 's engine and was a sequel to Wasteland in terms of game mechanics , but had an entirely unrelated story focused on time travel .
Was n't a Wasteland sequel released already ?
Edit
Fountain of Dreams was initially marketed by Electronic Arts as a sequel to Wasteland , but although it shared many gameplay mechanics with it , as well as a similar setting , it was created by an entirely different team and is not considered a " true " sequel .
While the Fallout series is considered to be a spiritual successor to Wasteland , it is not an official sequel ( although it was initially developed as one ) , because Interplay did not have the rights to Wasteland at that point .
Story Edit
Will the game be a remake or a sequel ?
Or maybe something unrelated ?
Edit
Currently , it is only known that InXile has the rights to the Wasteland title , but it is unknown whether any rights to the original game 's story were also acquired from Electronic Arts .
It is therefore likely that the game will not refer to any of the events from the original Wasteland at all .
Gameplay Edit
Will it be an action - RPG , like the new Bard 's Tale ?
Edit
On Kickstarter , Brian Fargo was quoted , saying the following about Wasteland 2 :
" We ’re going back to the original and building from there .
No first person shooter , we ’re going top down so you get a tactical feel for the situation .
And we ’re not ditching the party play to turn it into some hack - and - slash bloodfest .
It ’s turn based , tactical , with a storyline that will be deeper and broader .
We ’re determined to keep the gritty , grim and satirical writing .
We ’re going to pitch those moral dilemmas at you .
You ’re going to be faced with the consequences of your actions . "
Will the same or similar character creation system be used ?
Edit
The original game 's mechanics were based directly on those used in the role - playing games Tunnels and Trolls and Mercenaries , Spies and Private Eyes created by Ken St. Andre and Michael A. Stackpole , who were also among the designers of Wasteland .
Therefore , to use the same system InXile would have to license it from them or involve them in the creation of the game .
This release contains new features in the core , opengl rendering and qt gui and plugins parts , performance improvements in the core and opengl rendering libraries , support of g++/gcc 4.5 , and many bug fixes .
Details :
new core feature : the library integrates a new " meta value calculator " mechanism allowing more flexibility in the computation of property values for meta nodes or edges .
" mechanism allowing more flexibility in the computation of property values for meta nodes or edges .
new opengl features : a mechanism of animated textures has been added , a dedicated interactor has been added , the management of convex hulls has been rewritten .
new gui features : the property editor , the selection interactor and the center view mechanism have been improved , a CSV import dialog and a Tips dialog has been added , the support of UTF8 strings has been also added .
has been also added .
new plugins features : the Web import plugin , Squarified Tree Map and Random layout plugins have been improved , an automatic restart of the gui after the updates of plugins has been added .
core performance improvements : basic types management has been improved , the tlp file format has been also improved to speed up the load of huge graph and minimize the memory consumption , the parallelization of some algorithms have been performed using OpenMP
opengl performance improvements : the rendering of glyphs has been improved , the rendering of edges has been also improved using GPU computing
This is the last release providing a downloadable dmg file for MacOS X Power PC , and also the last allowing a build using the autotools .
Beautiful glass seed beads for crafting and embellishments !
Use them with crochet thread for beaded shawls and accessories or use them with pearl c...
Posthuman political theory June 15 , 2010
Posted by Summerspeaker in Technocracy
A discussion I ’m having with Aleksei Riikonen over on Michael ’s blog has convinced me to codify my thoughts on the likely arrangement of a society after artificial general intelligence and molecular manufacturing .
Taken together , these twin technologies will make unenhanced human labor irrelevant unless they are restricted by choice or coercive measures .
Their development will fundamentally transform the economy at every level .
Setting aside outright disasters and dystopias , I discern four basic scenarios :
# 1 – Wealth and Welfare
As unemployment rises , governments across the world expand the dole to maintain a consumer base and ward off revolution .
Richer nations send aid packages so that even the poorest country on the planet can give handouts .
Eventually the majority of the population depends on this income .
Laws limit the potency of automated industry but prices drop significantly .
The ubiquity of intelligence allows capitalism to avoid much of the waste we now see .
Suitably augmented folks still work for pay in various capacities .
The ultrarich on the top enjoy unprecedented privilege .
This outcome matches Marshall Brain ’s proposal for dealing with robots in the workplace .
Depending on the details of the social control imposed by the states in question , possible conditions range from tolerable to nightmarish .
# 2 – Private Patrons
As above , but with individuals and / or corporations providing a greater number of welfare checks .
Such actors would have even less incentive than governments to refrain from exploiting the position .
# 3 – Abundance Anarchism
This is what happens when the genie escapes from the bottle .
Here each human being independently holds access to the necessities of life .
We no longer bow before bosses .
Portable , robust nanofactories turn even patches of desert and asphalt into comfortable homes and productive gardens .
Those who wish to engineer themselves to run directly on solar energy and / or consume almost anything for power .
Some pioneer out to other planets or stars .
Ideally built - in technical limitations and community sentiments prevent violence .
Disagreements and disputes abound , but there ’s plenty of energy and matter for everyone .
# 4 – Transcendence Technocracy
A superintelligence undertakes the twin goals of stopping bloodshed and disturbing the fruits of technology to all equally .
In order to maintain its ability to achieve these aims , it also prevents any other actor from becoming more powerful .
Otherwise it does not interfere in the affairs of thinking beings ; this aspect separates it from the governments of the first scenario .
In practice , life under the technocracy might well resemble life in anarchism .
One favors security , the other freedom .
Conclusion
I ’m sure you can tell which scenario I favor .
Sadly , the first combined with a bit of the second strikes me as the most probable non-catastrophic future .
We anarchists will continue to exist in the gaps and on the margins , as we do now .
In the ongoing saga that is the Palladium Books v. Trions Worlds trademark dispute , there is a major development .
Over the past few days several motions appeared before the court , covering everything from outright dismissal for lack of jurisdiction from Trion to requests for discovery and restraining orders from Palladium .
All of which took place at a very rapid pace over the past week .
Today , the court finally issued its ruling regarding the motions and I am a bit surprised .
In short , the court dismissed the complaint filed by Palladium .
The full filing is below , but here is the important bit .
For the reasons stated above , the Court grants Trion ’s motion to dismiss under Fed. R.Civ. P. 12 ( b ) ( 2 ) for lack of personal jurisdiction .
In addition , the Court denies Palladium ’s request for expedited discovery .
Finally , Palladium ’s motion for a preliminary injunction is denied for lack of personal jurisdiction .
I will save you some time and just say the court did not rule on the trademark issue at all .
The reason for the dismissal was a lack of jurisdiction by the Michigan court .
The motion for discovery and the injunction for the E3 trade show were also denied .
That said , I wonder if Palladium will re-file in a California court , where there is no doubt about jurisdiction over Trion .
Here is the full document .
Palladium Books v. Trion Worlds Decision
I will keep you apprised , as always .
A special thank you to Jason at the “ Jason Richards Cannot Be Trusted ” blog for the use of his clever logo .
Trask , The Last Tyromancer
Only “ dumbasses ” in the Tea Party movement question President Barack Obama ’s citizenship , according to one Republican Senate candidate in Colorado .
In response , a spokesperson for GOP rival Jane Norton called Ken Buck a “ self - proclaimed tea partier who trashes tea partiers when he thinks no one is looking . ”
A Colorado Democratic
Party worker taped Buck in a parking lot in June without his knowledge ; the recording was obtained by 9 News and The Denver Post .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Will you tell those dumbasses at the Tea Party to stop asking questions about birth certificates while I ’m on the camera , ” Buck was heard saying .
“ God , what am I supposed to do ? ”
Buck later tried to walk back his comments , telling a local TV station , “ You know there are times of frustration where I vent and in this case , I vented to the wrong person under the wrong circumstances . ”
9 News reported :
Asked about the comments on Sunday at a political rally in Adams County , Buck said he wishes he had used different language and that he had not lumped all Tea Party members into one statement , but that he remains frustrated that some people are focusing on birth certificates rather than the country ’s $ 13 trillion debt and its $ 100 trillion in unfunded liabilities .
“ The language is inappropriate , ” he told 9NEWS and The Post .
“ After 16 months on the campaign trail , I was tired and frustrated that I ca n’t get that message through that we are going to go off a cliff if we do n’t start dealing with this debt .
“ It is not the Tea Party movement on the whole .
The Tea Party movement gets it .
It ’s the Constitution , it ’s the debt , it ’s the other issues , but there are a couple people that are frankly frustrating for all candidates .
I mean if you talked to other candidates and they ’re being honest with you , they ’ll say I know that .
Now , they may not have used my choice words , but they have the same feelings . ”
Only last week , Buck found himself in the national spotlight for comments that seemed to suggest that voters choose him because he was n’t a woman .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Why should you vote for me ?
Because I do not wear high heels , ” Buck told a crowd at an Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms picnic sponsored by the conservative Independence Institute .
Buck ’s opponent , Jane Norton , wasted no time in producing an ad spotlighting Buck ’s remarks about her footwear .
It ’s doubtful she ’ll produce a new one defending birthers , but Buck ’s comments still are probably more likely to cost him votes than win any .
However , Politico reports , “ The Norton campaign leaped on the remark , calling Buck , ‘ two - steps short of a fraud . ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ He ’s a self - proclaimed tea partier who trashes tea partiers when he thinks no one is looking .
He ’s an alleged fiscal conservative who increased his budget by 40 percent .
He ’s a Tom Tancredo disciple who trashes Tancredo when he thinks the mic is off .
Ken says he can appeal to swing voters and beat Michael Bennet , and then trashes the roughly 50 percent of voters who wear high heels .
Bottom line :
The voters of Colorado canÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t trust Ken Buck , ” said Norton spokeswoman Cinamon Watson .
This video is from KUSA , uploaded by Crooks and Liars July 26 , 2010 .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption James Reynolds reports as BP say the oil has stopped leaking
BP says it has temporarily stopped oil flowing into the Gulf of Mexico from its leaking well .
It is the first time the flow has stopped since an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig on 20 April .
The well has been sealed with a cap as part of a test of its integrity that could last up to 48 hours .
US President Barack Obama said the development was a " positive sign " but noted that BP was still in the testing phase .
BP executive Kent Wells said the oil had been stopped at 1425 local time ( 1925 GMT ) and he was " excited " by the progress .
" It is very good to see no oil go into the Gulf of Mexico , " said Mr Wells .
BP shares rose in New York trading on Thursday after the flow was stopped , having already performed well over the day .
But BP is stressing that even if no oil escapes for 48 hours , that will not mean the flow of oil and gas has been stopped permanently .
BP chief operating officer Doug Suttles emphasised that there was no reason for " celebration " yet , particularly for those in areas already damaged by oil .
What happens now ?
Progress discussed by experts every six hours
Test will last as long as 48 hours
If pressure drops significantly well will be reopened immediately
After test finishes , well could be reopened while seismic test is done
If test is successful well could be kept shut until relief well is finished
Or oil could be piped to vessels on surface as before
Three vessels on site can capture 50,000 barrels a day
And BP say use of fourth vessel by end of July would take capture up to 60 - 80,000 barrels
Relief well on course permanently to kill well by mid-August
" The job is not finished , " he said .
The pressure testing is necessary to check the strength of the well .
If the pressure within the cap on top is low , that could indicate oil is leaking out further down the well .
If the pressure remains high , BP and the government will have to decide whether to try to keep the well shut or to leave it open and pipe oil to four vessels on the surface .
The US government 's incident commander , Adm Thad Allen , said even if it was successful , the well would be reopened and oil capture by ships on the surface would restart while a seismic test was done .
" We can go back then and put the system under pressure again .
Once we are convinced we can certainly consider shutting in the well , that is always possible and we would certainly look to do that . "
But he emphasised that the option of shutting in the well - closing all the valves and stopping the flow - was a " side benefit " of the new capping stack .
At the scene After three months of this - and so many failed attempts - people are sceptical .
But at the same time the mood has brightened considerably , because this oil spill has had a deadening psychological effect on the Gulf Coast .
The long - term plan is still to dig a relief well which will intercept the leaking one .
People have just left this coastline , tourists in particular , because they do n't want to run the risk of having a vacation ruined by oil
This could all go wrong .
We 're only a few hours into the tests .
The priority had always been to increase the amount of oil being captured and piped to the surface , he said .
Whatever happens will be a temporary solution , ahead of a relief well being used permanently to kill the original well with mud and cement .
The pressure test will provide useful information for that operation .
Work on both of the relief wells is currently suspended because of the integrity test .
One of the relief wells is within 4 - 5 ft horizontally and 100ft vertically of intersecting .
The pressure test was twice delayed before starting on Thursday , once while additional checks were put in place to allay fears it could make the leak worse , and on Wednesday by a leaking piece of equipment .
Meanwhile , BP continues to face political pressure in the US .
A congressional committee has agreed measures that would ban the firm from new offshore drilling for seven years .
Lockerbie allegations
And in a separate move , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said she will look into a request by four senators to investigate allegations that BP lobbied for the release of Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset al - Megrahi while attempting to finalise an oil deal with Libya .
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee announced on Thursday it would hold a hearing on 29 July into the circumstances of Megrahi 's release .
The 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 killed 270 people - most of them were American .
Megrahi , who has terminal prostate cancer , was freed by Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill on compassionate grounds in August 2009 after serving eight years .
In a statement on Thursday , BP admitted it had expressed concern to the UK government about the slow progress of a prisoner transfer agreement between the two countries .
But the firm said it had taken no part in discussions on the decision to free Megrahi .
And the UK ambassador to Washington , Sir Nigel Sheinwald , said : " Claims in the press that Megrahi was released because of an oil deal involving BP , and that the medical evidence used by the Scottish Executive supporting his release was paid for by the Libyan government , are not true . "
The Labour shadow cabinet has decided to vote against a bill introducing reform to the voting system , raising the prospect of a Commons defeat for one of the governing coalition 's flagship policies .
The decision , taken last night , followed two lengthy shadow cabinet discussions .
It could herald a backbench Tory - Labour alliance designed to derail the bill either at its second reading or by rejecting the proposal that the referendum be held on the same day as elections in Scotland , Wales and parts of England next May .
A total of 50 Tory MPs are opposing next May as the date for the referendum , and are coming under intense pressure from Tory whips to pull back from that stance .
The shadow cabinet had an earlier discussion at which – on the advice of John Denham , the shadow communities and local government secretary – it proposed abstaining on the bill .
But Denham , a strong advocate of voting reform , backed moves at yesterday 's shadow cabinet , led by its justice spokesman , Jack Straw , to oppose the bill outright .
Straw argued that the bill introducing the referendum was being coupled unnecessarily with boundary changes which he described as gerrymandering .
The shadow cabinet agreed yesterday that it still supported the referendum the Alternative Vote ( AV ) system – but , in a new reasoned amendment , will say it is entirely wrong that this reform , on Conservative insistence , is being bound up with plans to reduce the number of MPs and introduce widespread boundary changes .
Labour claims the boundary reforms would benefit the Tories so much that the Labour party would find it impossible to win a general election again .
Denham 's decision to oppose the coalition bill is significant because he is one of the most long standing supporters of AV in the Labour party .
Under the AV system , voters rank candidates in order of preference until one of them reaches 50 % or more of first - choice votes and is elected .
Supporters claim the system will end the culture of safe seats and lazy MPs , but there is no agreement about which party will benefit most .
There is fury in Labour ranks that the previous process of independent public inquiries has been removed from the boundary review process .
Labour MPs also claim a government minister will be given powers in the bill to change boundary review recommendations without an appeal mechanism .
The coalition claims the period of consultation is being extended , but Tory MPs yesterday expressed strong concern that the pre-eminent requirement to equalise the size of constituencies would see old countryside boundaries , such as Somerset , ignored .
However , the coalition insists the boundary review – due to be completed before the next election – is necessary to cut the number of MPs to 600 and attempt to equalise the size of constituencies .
Mark Harper , the constitutional affairs minister , hit back at Straw 's complaints , saying : " All this bluster simply highlights the fact that Labour MPs do not believe in seats of equal size and votes counting equally across the whole of the United Kingdom . "
The potential parliamentary roadblock to a referendum stems from a deal the deputy prime minister , Nick Clegg , struck with David Cameron as part of the coalition talks .
The two agreed a referendum on AV would go ahead , but only on the condition that the boundary review was completed in time for the next election .
Both proposals have been included in a single bill .
Many Labour and Tory MPs are angry that the referendum is set to be held on the same day as the Scottish , Welsh and English local elections .
A total of 45 disaffected Conservative MPs , led by Bernard Jenkin , John Redwood , Edward Leigh , Sir Malcolm Rifkind and David Davis , have signed an early day motion saying it is wrong to hold the referendum and elections on the same day .
They could combine with Labour to inflict the first serious defeat for the government on an issue of acute sensitivity for the coalition 's internal political balance .
One shadow cabinet member who supports AV said yesterday : " I am going to be put in the impossible position next May of campaigning to remove the Liberal Democrats on my local council three days of the week , and then join forces with the same Liberal Democrats to call for a change in the voting system for the Commons for the remaining days of the week .
It is totally incoherent . "
The chairwoman of the electoral commission , Jenny Watson , has said she will rule in September on whether she thinks the referendum and local elections should take place on the same day , but indicated she did not believe it was an insurmountable problem and said she had given the proposal an amber light .
But in a sign of anger on the Tory benches , the rightwing backbencher Edward Leigh warned Clegg in the Commons : " If we had had the alternative vote in 1997 , the Conservative party would have been reduced to a pathetic rump of 65 MPs .
" Does he not think that , precisely because AV is not proportional , it raises complicated questions ?
It is extraordinarily dangerous , therefore , to have the referendum on the same day as other elections , namely the Scottish elections .
We need a proper debate on the issue . "
Clegg repled : " About 39 million people will be invited to vote next May , and it seems to me that , instead of asking people to constantly go back to polling booths to cast separate votes , it is perfectly right to invite them to have their say on a simple yes / no issue on the same day – at , by the way , a lower cost to the exchequer .
It will save about £ 17 m . "
• This article was amended on 28 July 2010 .
The original referred to Jack Straw as justice secretary , albeit in the context of the shadow cabinet .
This has been clarified .
On his way to an appearance on a grilled cheese sandwich , Jesus took a wrong turn and found himself in a Portuguese brothel .
What would Jesus do ?
Here 's Portuguese Playboy to answer this urgent question with NSFW photos .
To mark Nobel - winning writer Jose Saramago 's death , Portuguese Playboy took inspiration from Saramago novel The Gospel According to Jesus Christ — a fictional reimagining of Christ 's life as a flawed human — with explicit images showing Jesus glowing in the corner during a lesbian sex scene , next to a street hooker , and over the shoulder of a random topless lady reading a book .
( Is she supposed to be a Catholic schoolgirl ? )
Update : Playboy Enterprises tells us that it plans to shutter the Portuguese edition because of the controversial cover / photo shoot .
Via Buzzfeed and Drunken Stepfather , the latter of which contains the NSFW non-Jesus images from the photo set , too .
There ’s a new commercial on the block for the Nissan Qashqai and it ’s called “ Urbanproof ” .
The ad is a parody of the legendary Sony Balls ad .
It ’s currently running on this site and you can see it here as well .
To tie in with the launch of the ad , ?
we ’ve compiled a list that celebrates the simple thrill of destroying things for kicks .
We all like to smash things up and directors are no different .
Cities , forests and even planets have all been destroyed to boost cinema ticket sales .
The new ad for Nissan Qashqai replaces
Sony ’s rubber balls with bowling balls and , okay , you ’d have a tough job trying to destroy a whole town with those .
So with that , we ’ve put together a Top 10 of the most brilliant acts of wilful destruction which , of course , dear reader , you ’re more than welcome to disagree with in the comments .
10 . The Day The Earth Caught Fire is a nuclear holocaust film which sees some explosive experiments by stupid humans going so wrong that Earth is sent spinning into the sun .
Everyone sweats .
Loads .
9 . Cloverfield is a film with a monster in it .
You know what monsters like doing ?
Breaking stuff .
Brooklyn Bridge gets whupped and the Statue of Liberty gets her head smashed clean off !
8 . The aliens in War of the Worlds pretty much spied on mankind because , typically , we were all too self - centred to even notice they were there .
We were all sitting around reading stupid blogs and clicking endless links on Wikipedia .
To teach us a lesson , the aliens went mental and decided to break a load of our stuff … stuff like massive bridges and human ’s faces .
7 . Aliens once again decided to wreck a load of our stuff just to show us how ace their laser beams are compared to our puny slingshots and crude hand - gestures in Independence Day where , very famously , they blew up the White House like a toddler stamping on a sand - castle .
6 . In Predator , Arnie shows us what a hard man him and his mates are when they get all their bullets and take it out on some poor defenceless trees .
TAKE THAT FOLIAGE !
5 . The Sex and the City films are , without doubt , the single most destructive thing ever carried out on Western civilisation .
Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte , and Miranda sound like the names of characters when the truth of the matter is , they are the names of four dirty bombs .
4 . How trivial do you want to be with massive exploding destruction ?
Well , Darth Vader ’s nonchalance in Star Wars is immense when the Death Star blows up an entire planet ( Alderaan ) for a laugh .
KER - BLAM !
Gone .
Lets go smoke some tabs in the canteen .
3. Godzilla is the daddy of wrecking entire cities for a laugh .
Even his nerdy cousin in the Chewits commercials tried his hand at snapping a few roofs off .
Godzilla has appeared ‘ As Himself ’ in roughly 40,000 films and one thing he clearly loves to do is drag his feet when walking through built - up areas .
That means millions dead .
Fantastic .
2 . In Zabriskie Point , we see the beautiful need to blow stuff up in real life , over and over for no reason at all .
Michelangelo Antonioni decides to blow anything he can get his hands on sky - high .
In this Pink Floyd soundtracked 1970 film a luxury pad gets exploded .
Then a TV .
Then some clothes .
Then loads of books .
Then everything else including his mum .
Probably .
1 . In Dark Knight , we see one of the most fun acts of needless destruction when the Joker blows up hospital .
Okay , that does n’t sound like too much fun for those blown up for no reason , but y’know , they were sick anyway so he was probably doing them a favour really .
Follow hecklerspray on Twitter
By most measures , Harley - Davidson has been having a rough ride .
Motorcycle sales are falling in 2010 , as they have for each of the last three years .
The company does not expect a turnaround anytime soon .
But despite that drought , Harley ’s profits are rising  soaring , in fact .
Last week , Harley reported a $ 71 million profit in the second quarter , more than triple what it earned a year ago .
This seeming contradiction  falling sales and rising profits  is one reason the mood on Wall Street is so much more buoyant than in households , where pessimism runs deep and joblessness shows few signs of easing .
Many companies are focusing on cost - cutting to keep profits growing , but the benefits are mostly going to shareholders instead of the broader economy , as management conserves cash rather than bolstering hiring and production .
Harley , for example , has announced plans to cut 1,400 to 1,600 more jobs by the end of next year .
That is on top of 2,000 job cuts last year  more than a fifth of its work force .
Social justice activist Jaggi Singh surrendered to Toronto police early Tuesday morning to comply with a warrant following June ’s G20 protests .
The Montreal - based community organizer faces several counts of criminal conspiracy , including alleged conspiracies to commit mischief to property , assault police , and obstruct justice .
Singh , 39 , joins 16 other people known to be in detention 10 days after 1,090 were arrested during the G20 weekend .
Just a few hours before he voluntary walked into custody in the company of his lawyer , Singh told the Star that he could not comment on the charges because he had not yet seen what evidence police have against him .
But he did dismiss the notion of any criminal conspiracy .
“ I helped people find housing and get transportation to come to a demonstration .
That ’s my conspiracy , ” he said .
“ But give the police enough money and resources and they ’ll transform protesters and organizers into criminals . ’’
Currently a fulltime staffer of the Quebec Public Interest Research Group at Concordia University , Singh has also worked with activist organizations Solidarity Across Borders and Anti-Capitalist Convergence .
Because he was not picked up from the streets like hundreds of other citizens were , he feels that he is speaking from a “ position of relative privilege . ”
“ I do n’t even know everybody else ( arrested ) , but I want to at least strike a note of caution that there should be an extreme amount of vigilance , vis-à - vis what the Crown and the police are putting out , especially given the misinformation the police put out in the aftermath of the G20 , ” he said .
According to a statement by No One is Illegal , which represents refugee claimants and is one of the community organizations with which Singh is affiliated , “ He is currently in custody along with other G20 political prisoners who are awaiting bail hearings .
“ Jaggi ’s situation is still unclear .
We hope he ’ll be released immediately .
He could remain in custody for some time . ”
It would not be the first time .
Singh ’s
Wiki entry reads like a long rap sheet of incarcerations during summit protests .
Charges are always dropped or he is later acquitted .
“ I ’m notorious for this whether I like it or not – and I do n’t like it , ” he laughed .
Singh first came to national prominence during the1997 Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation conference in Vancouver , where he was arrested even before the summit began .
A subsequent formal inquiry into RCMP actions found that he “ was arrested on a warrant based on a spurious charge ; the manner of his arrest was inappropriate in the circumstances ; the timing of the arrest was calculated to prevent him from attending protests on ... the bail conditions sought were overly restrictive . ”
Singh insists that such pre-emptive police moves are designed to stifle dissent – and that what happened at the G20 in Toronto was no different .
Pre - dawn police raids into private homes , during which protest organizers were dragged from their beds , are just one example he named .
“ You charge people for what they do , not what they look like or what they might do , right ? ’’ he said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ I have sort of been through this story before in other ways , facing charges , been taken off the streets .
It ’s the escalation of the legal apparatus against protesters and it ’s a criminalization of protest basically . ’’
At least 14 G20 - related prisoners are expected to appear in court Tuesday .
It ’s not known if Singh will be one of them .
Last night I had a less - than - pleasant encounter with the Dutch railways , in which there seemed to be delayed trains all over the country , resulting in chaos in stations and on trains .
Standing in a coach , and slightly frazzled after chaos at the station , I was not really inclined to read the book I had brought with me .
So I pulled out my little MP3 player which , given the disrupted state of my life in the last year , has not been connected to a computer for more than a year .
I have some patristic texts on it – thanks to Maria Lectrix – and a few old lectures .
One of these , David Fagerberg ’s paper at last year ’s Liturgical Symposium at St Vladimir ’s Seminary on “ The cost of understanding Schmemann in the West ” had particularly resonated with me then , so I listened to it again .
There is much that is quotable , but I should really find the printed article before doing more , but here is a taste …
The West tends to think of theology as a mental activity .
Probably this is because the people to whom the West gives the name theologian live in the academy .
Theology is a science practised in the hall of sciences , and even if an individual theologian is also urged to have faith commitments in his or her heart , and to be active in service to the poor , the only reason for calling these people theologians is because of what they think about .
Worship is taken to be either an expression of believe , or an instrument for the creation of belief .
And only if that believing requires a tune - up clarification does theology enter the picture .
Liturgy is a place to stage the theological content we have deduced and believe .
But theology ’s origin is not in liturgy , it is in texts and its output is more texts for the next generation of theologians to critique and surpass .
As Schmemann says in an early essay :
It is indeed the original sin of the entire western theological development that it made texts the only loci theologica , the extrinsic authorities of theology , disconnecting theology from its living source , liturgy and spirituality .
Schmemann is capable of understanding the term theology in this cognitive way .
Of course , you can speak more than one language game .
He does so in a definition in his first work Introduction to Liturgical Theology , where he writes : “ Theology is above all explanation , the search for words appropriate to the nature of God .
That is , for a system of concepts corresponding as much as possible to the faith and experience of the Church . ”
But in a journal entry a dozen years ’ later , Schmemann uses a different language game :
Pascha , Holy
Week , essentially bright days , such as are needed .
And truly , that is all that is needed .
I am convinced that if people would really hear Holy Week , Pascha , the Resurrection , Pentecost , the Dormition , there would be no need for theology .
All of theology is here .
All that is needed for one ’s spirit , heart , mind and soul .
How could people spend centuries discussing justification and redemption ?
It ’s all in these services .
Not only is it revealed , it simply flows in one ’s heart and mind .
I think it would be wrong to use this as a brush to paint Schmemann or Orthodoxy as anti-intellectual .
Instead , there are two things going on here .
First , Schmemann is identifying theology ’s home , its native habitat .
Theology is more a vision than a cognition .
And all that theology would speak to explain in words is here in act , in the liturgical act of the Church celebrating Christ ’s Paschal Mystery .
Schmemann is not opposed to theological discussion ; he is opposed to letting theological discussion ever break free from a vision of the Trinity in action . …
The second thing going on in this quotation is the connection of theology with theosis .
The beginning of theology is not the card catalogue , but doing battle with the passions .
And the end of theology is not becoming a professor , but becoming a saint .
The image of God grows more into the likeness of God .
And although Schmemann writes little about asceticism explicitly , he stands in a tradition for which theologia is at the end of an ascetical journey .
Editor 's note : TED , a nonprofit organization devoted to " Ideas Worth Spreading , " hosts talks on many subjects and makes them available through its website .
( CNN ) --
A surprise appearance by WikiLeaks.org founder Julian Assange at the TED Global conference in Oxford , England , has cast new light on the activities of the site and its mysterious leader .
Assange 's site , which released video of a U.S. air strike in Iraq that killed a dozen civilians , claims to have revealed more classified intelligence documents than the rest of the world 's media combined .
Explaining during his appearance Friday why WikiLeaks has been keeping a lower profile since releasing the video , Assange said it was working on raising funds and strengthening its technical infrastructure to handle more traffic while accumulating " an enormous quantity of whistle - blower disclosures . "
He later told reporters that " there are many things which are very explosive . "
Assange , 39 , said the site operates from several countries , including Sweden and Belgium , where laws provide more protection for its disclosures .
He said he canceled plans to travel to the United States for three public appearances , citing what he described as indications that U.S. officials might not follow the " rule of law " in dealing with him .
He also mentioned advice from investigative journalist Seymour Hersh to be cautious .
He said U.S. officials have since adopted a more " reasonable " stance .
TED Global is an annual conference hosted by the nonprofit organization TED , named after the three subjects it first began discussing in the 1980s : technology , entertainment and design .
It has expanded its scope in the years since and its website now hosts more than 700 talks on a wide range of topics .
Learn more about speakers at the TED Global conference
In an onstage discussion with TED curator Chris Anderson , Assange was asked whether is was true he had attended 37 schools as a child .
He explained it was a consequence of two things : his parents were in the movie business and were later " on the run from a cult . "
Assange said he became a " journalist activist " in his teenage years and was prosecuted for it .
According to political magazine Mother Jones : " As a teenager in Melbourne , he belonged to a hacker collective called the International Subversives .
He eventually pled guilty to 24 counts of breaking into Australian government and commercial websites to test their security gaps , but was released on bond for good behavior . "
Asked about his core values , Assange said , " Capable , generous men do not create victims , they nurture victims , " attributing the thought to his father and others .
" I'm a combative person , so I 'm not actually so big on the nurture , but there is another way of nurturing victims , which is to police perpetrators of crimes .
And so that is something that has been in my character for a long time . "
Read more about Assange and his site
Assange said the organization gets material from whistle - blowers in a variety of ways -- including postal mail .
He said WikiLeaks vets it , releases it to the public and then defends itself against " political or legal attack . "
He said the organization rarely knows the identity of the source of the leak .
" If we find out at some stage , we destroy that information as soon as possible , " he said .
Pfc. Bradley E. Manning , 22 , of Potomac , Maryland , has been charged with eight violations of the U.S. Criminal Code for allegedly illegally transferring classified data , including the video that wound up on WikiLeaks .
He has been accused of " wrongfully introducing a classified video of a military operation filmed at or near Baghdad , Iraq " around July 12 , 2007 , " onto his personal computer , a nonsecure information system . "
Watch the video of the airstrike
Assange said at a news conference after his appearance Friday that Manning " is a political prisoner being held in the nation of Kuwait , effectively keeping him away from the press and effective legal representation . "
He said WikiLeaks is providing legal assistance to Manning without saying whether he was the source of the video .
" Obviously , we cannot pick and choose , " said Assange , adding the site has to defend everyone who faces serious charges as a result of material posted on WikiLeaks .
The video shows aerial footage of an attack by a U.S. Apache helicopter that killed civilians , including two journalists from the Reuters news service .
WikiLeaks posted it in April .
The site said the video " clearly shows the unprovoked slaying of a wounded Reuters employee and his rescuers . "
Asked to respond to Assange 's assertion that Manning is a political prisoner , Pentagon spokesman Col.
David Lapan told CNN last week that Manning is " accused of committing serious offenses .
He has been charged under the Uniform Code of Military Justice and will be processed by normal procedures through the military justice system . "
U.S. military authorities have warned that the publication of classified documents on WikiLeaks could aid in the planning of terrorist attacks and harm national security .
Assange denied reports that WikiLeaks had received hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. cables in addition to the Iraq video .
He said the site would have released the cables if it had received them .
Some information , such as private medical records , should be kept secret , Assange said , but he did not extend that view to classified documents .
The fact that governments spend money to keep such information secret , Assange said , is a good indication that releasing the information can achieve reform .
Anderson asked the audience for a show of hands as to whether he was a hero or a dangerous troublemaker .
The vast majority signaled that they viewed him as a hero .
CNN 's Mike Mount and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .
Yes cheesy pun was needed .
So we ’re expecting HTC ’s SenseUI for Android 2.2 to be pumped out to their lineup of devices including the Droid Incredible by the end of 2010 .
If that seems too far away and you do n’t feel like you can wait it out , then the Cyanogen Mod team has you covered .
As most in the rooting crowd already know , CM6 is in the works and one of the new devices they have included support for is the Incredible .
Fortunately for our sake , one of our brave readers has breezed through the rooting process and flashed this newest CM6 to his DI .
Wait until you see his benchmarks …
Yep , that says 39.513 MFLOPs .
Numbers that high look familiar ?
Oh yeah , that ’s also stock Froyo meaning no more SenseUI .
Time to grab a pint and start rooting on this hot Friday night I guess .
If you ’ve already rooted your DI , you can get the newest CM6 build in ROM Manager .
Good luck !
Cheers Kyle !
[ Note : GJEL Accident Attorneys Does Not Handle Class Action Lawsuits ]
It ’s not every day that companies agree to pay $ 2 billion or more to compensate the victims of irresponsible corporate behavior .
Class action settlements of this magnitude are historic .
They are also a matter of huge public interest .
And yet , it ’s not easy to compile a complete list of these cases .
This is partly because class action settlement amounts are a moving target until payments are made , long after the parties strike a deal .
To make matters even more complicated , defendants sometimes reach separate settlements during litigation .
Even if all parties agree to settle , the court must review and approve distribution plans , and the court of appeals can review them too .
In March 2017 , for example , the US Supreme Court closed the book on a $ 7.5 billion settlement with Visa and MasterCard , resolving claims that retailers had overpaid on credit and debit card fees .
The Supreme Court declined to review a lower court ruling that the settlement was unfair to some retailers who stood to receive little or no benefit from the case .
In 2008 , the Supreme Court squashed another multibillion - dollar settlement , cutting total damages in litigation over the Exxon Valdez oil spill , originally pegged at $ 5 billion , down to $ 1.5 billion .
There have been many class action lawsuits that have reached billions of dollars of settlements .
A List of The Biggest class action settlements
We ’ve done our best to include all class action settlements of $ 2 billion or more , at this time .
Do you know of a case that should be added ?
Let us know by posting a comment here or on one of our social media pages .
1. 1 . Tobacco settlements for $ 206 billion
In 1998 , Philip Morris , RJ Reynolds , and two other tobacco companies agreed to a $ 206 billion settlement , at a minimum , covering medical costs for smoking - related illnesses .
Attorneys general for 46 states participated in the settlement , providing annual payments over 25 years .
This is not a traditional class action due to the involvement of public prosecutors , but the agreement resolved longstanding liability in class action litigation for the tobacco industry .
Many participating states have been criticized for using the settlement funds as collateral for bond financing , putting money into public accounts sooner but reducing the overall settlement value after bonds are repaid with interest .
2. BP Gulf of Mexico oil spill 2 . BP
Gulf of Mexico oil spill $ 20 billion
In 2016 , a federal judge in New Orleans granted final approval to an estimated $ 20 billion settlement resolving civil claims over environmental damage from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
Most of the funds cover federal claims and penalties , while approximately $ 5 billion to $ 6 billion provides payments to state and local governments .
Like the tobacco settlements above , this is not a traditional class action because it was led by public prosecutors rather than the plaintiff ’s bar .
Some legal observers criticized the settlement for allowing BP to claim $ 15 billion of the settlement cost as a tax write off .
3. Volkswagen emissions scandal $ 14.7 billion
In 2016 , a federal judge in San Francisco approved a $ 14.7 billion settlement resulting from a Volkswagen scheme to cheat emission tests on its diesel cars .
The settlement provides funds for vehicle buybacks at market values prior to the scandal , plus additional cash payments for 475,000 diesel car owners .
4. Enron securities fraud $ 7.2 billion
In 2008 , a federal judge in Houston approved a $ 7.2 billion settlement resolving claims that the energy trading company Enron defrauded shareholders prior to declaring bankruptcy .
JP Morgan Chase , Citigroup , and the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce provided over 90 percent of the settlement funds .
About 1.5 million individual and institutional investors were expected to receive payments .
The settlement includes a $ 2 billion deal between Citigroup and the University of California , the lead plaintiff that represented Enron investors .
Former Enron executives Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling were convicted of conspiracy and fraud for their roles in the scandal .
5. WorldCom accounting scandal $ 6.1 billion
In 2005 , a federal judge in New York concluded settlements totaling approximately $ 6.1 billion in shareholder fraud litigation against the telecommunications company WorldCom .
New York State Comptroller Alan Hevesi led the case on behalf of WorldCom stock and bondholders , including New York State ’s public pension fund .
JP Morgan Chase agreed to pay $ 2 billion of the total .
Other banks involved in the settlement include Bank of America and Citigroup .
Former WorldCom CEO
Bernie Ebbers and CFO Scott Sullivan have served jail time for their part in the WorldCom accounting scandal .
6. Fen-Phen diet drugs $ 3.8 billion
In 2000 , a federal judge in Philadelphia approved a $ 3.75 billion settlement over a diet drug known as fen- phen that had been associated with potentially fatal heart valve damage .
Six million people reportedly used fen- phen , sold by American Home Products , before it was pulled from the market in 1997 .
The settlement provides up to $ 1.5 million to users , depending on their injuries and how long they used the drug .
7. American Indian Trust $ 3.4 billion
In 2011 , a federal judge in the District of Columbia granted final approval for a $ 3.4 billion settlement over American Indian claims that the federal government had mismanaged funds in land trust accounts dating back to the 19th century .
The case stems from a government practice of leasing out tribal lands for agriculture , mining , and other extractive industries , then distributing revenues to American Indians .
The court authorized $ 1,000 payments to about 325,000 members of the class starting in 2012 .
8. Silicone breast implants $ 3.4 billion
In the mid-1990s , producers of silicone gel breast implants agreed to resolve claims that they had exposed women to autoimmune and connective tissue disorders .
The manufacturer ’s group , led by Dow Corning , initially settled for $ 4.75 billion , but the settlement collapsed because the number of claims exceeded expectations , according to California Law Review .
The remaining manufacturers , including Bristol - Myers Squibb , ultimately settled for $ 3.4 billion , and Dow Corning resolved its claims in bankruptcy court .
9. Cendant accounting fraud $ 3.2 billion
In 2000 , a federal judge in New Jersey approved a $ 3.2 billion settlement based on shareholder claims that a merger had inflated the value of Cendant Corp. , a travel and real estate company that owned Ramada Inns and other well - known brands .
Once investors discovered accounting irregularities , Cendant stock lost $ 14 billion in a single day .
Pension funds for California state employees , New York state employees , and New York City employees represented Cendant shareholders as lead plaintiffs .
Cendant chairman Walter Forbes and vice chairman Kirk Shelton were both imprisoned on conspiracy charges and ordered to pay over $ 3 billion each in restitution .
10 .
Tyco accounting scandal $ 3.2 billion
In 2007 , a federal judge in New Hampshire approved settlements worth $ 3.2 billion to resolve claims that Tyco International executives enriched themselves at shareholders ’ expense .
Tyco agreed to pay nearly $ 3 billion while its former auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers paid the rest .
Tyco ’s former CEO Dennis Kozlowski served six and a half years in prison and paid $ 167 million in restitution and fines for his role in the scandal .
Former CFO Mark Swartz also served prison time and paid $ 72 million in restitution and fines .
11 . AOL Time Warner accounting fraud $ 2.5 billion
In 2006 , a federal judge in New York approved a $ 2.5 billion settlement over an America Online practice of inflating advertising revenue before and after its merger with Time Warner .
The Minnesota State Board of Investment led a group of 625,000 shareholders , bondholders , and institutions in the case against AOL Time Warner and the auditing firm Ernst & Young .
12 . Nortel accounting fraud $ 2.5 billion
In 2006 , two federal judges in New York approved a $ 2.45 billion settlement involving the alleged recording of phony sales at the telecommunications company Nortel Networks .
The deal provides a combination of cash and equity from a new issuance of company shares to a group of investors led by public pension funds in New Jersey and Ontario .
13 . Actos diabetes drugs $ 2.4 billion
In 2015 , a federal judge in Louisiana reported that a Japanese drug company , Takeda Pharmaceutical , had agreed to pay $ 2.4 billion over claims that Takeda concealed the safety risks of its
Actos diabetes drug before regulators warned that extended use could cause bladder cancer .
A Minnesota labor union health care fund and individual consumers from around the US led the case against Takeda .
The settlement administrator has reported that 9,820 people filed qualifying claims for the Actos fund .
14 . Bank of America acquisition of Merrill Lynch $ 2.4 billion
In 2013 , a federal judge in New York issued final approval to a $ 2.4 billion settlement stemming from the failure of mortgage - backed securities and Bank of America ’s acquisition of Merrill Lynch & Co. Public pension funds in Ohio and Texas were among the lead plaintiffs in the case .
An estimated 4 to 5 million investors were due to receive shares of the settlement .
15 . Foreign exchange price fixing $ 2.3 billion
In 2015 , the parties in federal court in New York reported a $ 2.3 billion settlement over price fixing in foreign exchange markets .
The settlement was part of a wider action in the US and Europe netting over $ 10 billion from banks including Bank of America , Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase , and Morgan Stanley .
A large group of pension funds and private investment funds represented the plaintiffs in the case .
Federal prosecutors also extracted guilty pleas and additional fines from some of the banks involved in the civil settlement .
16 . USDA racial discrimination $ 2.3 billion
In 2010 , the US Department of Justice and the US Department of Agriculture announced a settlement over claims of racial discrimination in the administration of federal farm loan programs .
Combined with an earlier partial resolution in the case , Pigford v. Glickman , the total settlement had reached $ 2.3 billion .
The settlement provides cash payments and debt relief for approximately 20,000 black farmers .
Massive Class Action Cases not included in the list
This post does not include the $ 3.4 billion Toyota corrosion warranty settlement , because the settlement amount is based on projected future expenses for Toyota rather than up - front cash payments .
Many other multibillion - dollar settlements , like those for the victims of Bernie Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme , are not included because they were obtained outside of class action proceedings .
Do you know of a class action lawsuit that should be added to the list ?
Let us know !
Other Notable Class Action Settlements
Below is a list of other notable class action settlements in the United States
State Teachers Retirement System of Ohio $ 5.5 Billion New York State Common Retirement Fund $ 11.3 Billion WorldCom , Inc. $ 6.1 Billion Ohio Public Employees Retirement System $ 4.4 Billion Teachers ’ Retirement System of Louisiana $ 4.3 Billion Cendant Corp .
$ 3.3 Billion Tyco International , Ltd. $ 3.2 Billion Bank of America Corporation $ 2.4 Billion Bank of America Corporation $ 2.4 Billion Public Employees ’ Retirement System of Mississippi $ 2.3 Billion Merck & Co. , Inc. $ 1 Billion McKesson HBOC Inc. $ 1 Billion American International Group , Inc. $ 1 Billion American International Group , Inc. $ 1 Billion Pfizer , Inc. $ 486 Million Merrill Lynch & Co. , Inc. $ 475 Million Schering - Plough Corp . $ 473 Million Raytheon Company $ 460 Million Global Crossing , Ltd. $ 447 Million Global Crossing , Ltd. $ 447 Million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp . ( Freddie Mac ) $ 410 Million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. ( Freddie Mac ) $ 410,000,000
GJEL Accident Attorneys does not handle class action lawsuits .
RATE THIS POST 6 votes , average : 3.67 out of 5
Loading ...
Loading ...
Immersed in genderqueer circles before I began the ' real life experience ' , I contemplated the idea of ' passing ' with the utmost suspicion .
The books I read suggested that to pass was to conform to an antiquated binary that suffocated more diverse ( and fun ) forms of gender expression .
Exploring territory between ' male ' and ' female ' in safe spaces , thinking less about how I 'd developed strategies to ' pass ' in my assigned gender in everyday life , I was convinced that transsexual women striving to pass were letting down those fighting for greater trans visibility .
Five minutes of navigating Brighton 's streets en femme made me reconsider : passing was now a matter of necessity , rather than choice .
Visibility was met with cries of " Geezer ! " or " Tranny ! " , sarcastic wolf whistles or things thrown from cars .
I soon understood why most trans women do n't aim to be visible - at least not when they 're doing their laundry .
These heckles always came from men , usually in groups , and I soon drafted my First Law of Transphobic Comment : the unimaginativeness of the comment is directly proportional to the unattractiveness of the commenter .
In one of my first lessons in what it means to live as female , I had to consider what types of clothing would draw unwanted attention .
This meant trying to avoid the classic male - to - female trap of wearing clothes that looked wrong for my age - one I 'd fallen into before transitioning , wearing floral dresses to clubs only to be told by strangers that " You look like my mum " .
I was reminded of my fumbling attempts to learn German , and the difference between reciting phrases in a Surrey classroom and attempting to converse in Berlin ( " Guten tag !
Ich möchte ... "
" Oh , you 're English ! " ) .
I realised I 'd have to try harder to learn the language of fashion , as not everyone would greet my failures as amicably as the staff in bohemian Berlin cafés .
I decided to ignore any abusive comments : they were more irritating than threatening , and fairly infrequent .
But they still made me angry , and the realisation that any response could draw further abuse or even violence made me depressed , and paranoid about every aspect of my appearance .
This became apparent in my body language : consequently , the catcalls came more often .
After trying some makeup in town , six lads , pointing and jeering , screamed : " Look at that man ! "
I changed direction and hoped they would n't follow .
I vowed to switch to trousers and T - shirts , but the abuse kept coming .
Soon , doing anything seemed a drag : it felt impossible even to go to the supermarket , five minutes away , without hassle .
Dressed as inconspicuously as possible , I was in the Co-op when a hideous man in a pink shirt leant over and asked : " Excuse me ... are you a geezer ? " ' I do n't need this , ' I thought .
' I 'm just buying basil . '
I looked him in the eye and said : " Can you leave me alone , please ? "
To my astonishment , he apologised profusely , until a sales assistant asked him not to harass the customers .
Then he left , without fuss .
I realised that confidence is the key to passing , or , at least , to silencing the hecklers .
Considering myself above them , I held my head high , aware that any abuse could be easily met .
There was a certain pleasure in answering " Geezer ! " with " Wanker ! " , and an enjoyable smugness in knowing that this was the worst weapon the transphobes had to throw .
In broad daylight in a comparatively tolerant city , that is .
Walking alone at night was a different story .
I soon figured that trans women face the same misogynistic attention as other women , complicated by the removal of some men's limits on violence towards women the second we 're ' read ' as ' trannies ' .
Sometimes groups of drunken men would read me ; I knew better than to answer back , pretending I 'd not heard and quickly walking away .
Sometimes they would n't read me , and I 'd receive misogynistic abuse instead of transphobic insults .
As I became more self - assured - in myself and in my appearance - the comments all but stopped , and my attitude shifted again .
Away from the bustle of the city streets , I realised , as Julia Serano says , that the concept of passing casts all trans people as deceivers - something many of us internalise .
Being a consequence of other people gendering us , passing should not be an active verb , as we 're passive in having our identities judged , derided and denied by non-trans people .
This , too , is often internalised , and passing has become one of the most important issues for transgender and transsexual people , with the fear of not passing by association driving a wedge between those who pass easily and those who do n't .
Historically , this has been one of the biggest barriers to forming any sort of trans community .
On a practical level , I 'd learned how draining it could be not to pass , and felt thankful that genetic good fortune meant that passing was at least possible in certain situations .
Living in ' stealth ' , though , felt neither plausible nor desirable for me - unless I cut myself off from friends and family , who knew my history , as transsexual women were often told to do in the past , more to spare their acquaintances the ' embarrassment ' of being associated with transsexuals than to make their own lives happier or easier .
I decided to draw a line : I 'd try to pass on the street , without striving too hard to hide my inter - gender status in situations where people knew and accepted it - at least in the earliest stages of transition .
More relaxed , I could then consider the cost and implications - not to mention the desirability - of the various options available to ' feminise ' my face , body and voice .
Perhaps , one day , I 'll be lucky enough to have the ' problem ' faced by friends who transitioned years ago : how ( and how much ) to be open about a transsexual history they feel to be central to their identities when , physically , they 're indistinguishable from people born female ( or male , in the case of my female - to - male friends ) .
For now , though , I want a break from thinking about ' passing ' .
As for everyone else , ' being ' is work enough for me .
• Juliet Jacques 's column appears fortnightly .
You are invited to post comments and questions for Juliet below , and are very welcome to share your own experiences .
Overall
Vision Vision
Originality Originality
Technique Technique
Impact Impact
Vision : I think this photograph is already one of my favourites in your gallery .
Not only does this follow your brilliant technique and style you display in all your photographs but you 've captured a very lucky snap !
I know I try hard to capture special photographs of my animals but it is rare to find ones with action and I think you 've done very well to capture this one .
Originality : I agree that taking photographs of pets is n't the most original thing in the world , but something about your photographs are so different from everyone else 's , and I really love it .
Technique : Whenever I look at your photographs I feel like you really do a brilliant and professional job on them all .
From the focus to the backdrop , your photos are full of colour and interest , and unusually , your backgrounds are bright but they do n't take the focus away from the model , which is what I see all too often on other artwork .
Just as people have a style of drawing , I really love your photographic style .
Impact : Overall , as I 've said , this is probably my favourite picture .
It has a great impact with lots of colour , cute appeal , and it really makes the pet rat seem much more playful and intelligent than some people might like to believe .
I think your photographs are brilliant and your style is so unique , and as someone said before , you really bring out the best in your rats , there are photos of rats solo , and there are group photographs which are always harder to take !
Some people might not want to believe that rats are intelligent and loving , which I believe they are , but you certainly prove a good case with all your wonderful rat photographs .
I 'd love to see some photos of any other pets you might have , too !
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Most political journalists are also nerds , so it was probably only a matter of time until someone started debating the politics of Star Wars .
This particular discussion started when an official with the Canadian prime minister 's office sent out a press release announcing that the forthcoming national census would be optional .
Jedi Knights Are Libertarian
The release noted that , during the previous census in 2001 , 21,000 respondents listed their religion as " Jedi Knight . "
The official presumably pointed this out to suggest that these Canadians were protesting the personal question on the census form .
Canadian blogger P.M. Jaworski did some research and found that Canada is not alone in this behavior .
Jaworski concludes that Jedi Knights , by opposing the privacy intrusion of the census , are political libertarians .
According to 2001 census reports from the English - speaking world , England and Wales led the world in absolute terms , with over 390,000 ( 0.8 % ) Jedis .
" The 2001 census reveals that 390,000 people across England and Wales are devoted followers of the Jedi ' faith , ' " the BBC reported in 2003 .
England also has the distinction of having elected a Jedi Member of Parliament .
Jamie Reed , then - newly - elected Labour Party MP , commented on the proposed Incitement to Religious Hatred Bill by saying , " as the first Jedi Member of this place , I look forward to the protection under the law that will be provided to me by the Bill . "
Canada also lagged behind Australia , with over 70,000 ( 0.37 % ) Jedis in 2001 .
In May of 2001 , the Australian Board of Statistics released a press release to the media on the topic of Jedis .
" If your belief system is " Jedi " then answer as such on the census form .
But if you would normally answer Anglican or Jewish or Buddhist or something else to the question " what is your religion ? " and for the census you answer " Jedi " then this may impact on social services provision if enough people do the same , " read the press release .
The honour of most Jedis on a per capita basis goes to New Zealand , with over 53,000 adherents , making up 1.5 per cent of the population , second only to " Christian " at 58.9 per cent ( " No Religion " accounted for 28.9 per cent , with 6.9 per cent objecting to the question ) .
Jedi Knights
Are Socialist Reason 's Jesse Kline believes that Jedi knights , the heroes of the Star Wars science fiction film series , are in fact big government liberals .
Although the Jedis did assist the Rebel Alliance in overthrowing a tyrannical emperor , it 's clear that the Knights were originally set up to enforce the Galactic Senate 's big government agenda .
Not to be outdone , the empire continues its assault on private property .
Security cameras in Long Island caught Darth Vader holding up a bank yesterday morning .
If only police in Long Island had census data showing the names and addresses of the local Jedi population , they might have an easier time apprehending the dark lord .
And the circle is now complete .
Jedi Knights
Are Sensible Centrists Foreign Policy 's Daniel Drezner weighs in , arguing that Jedi Knights are centrist moderates .
Are the Jedi big government advocates ?
That 's unclear .
I think it would be more accurate to describe them as cartelistic -- they refuse to permit a free market in learning the ways of the Force .
After all , the Jedi Council 's initial inclination is not to train Anakin Skywalker despite his obvious talents , using some BS about fear as a cover .
Only when Qui -Gon threatens to go rogue do they relent .
The Council does not inform the Senate that their ability to detect the force has been compromised .
They 're reluctant to expand their assigned tasks -- they 're keepers of the peace , not soldiers .
Just as clearly , their anti-competitive policies weakened their own productivity , given the fact that they were unable to detect a Sith Lord walking around right under their noses for over a decade .
So , were the Jedi perfect agents of liberty ?
No , probably not .
But neither were they handmaidens to the greatest concentration of state power in galactic history .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
" I would rather vote for a pirate , " proclaimed one proud Haligonian on Q104 , " than a crook ! "
That was Tyler Jacquard 's favourite answer to the station 's question : " Would you vote for the Pirate Party ? "
" That was some wonderful feedback . "
More importantly for Jacquard , it was " wonderful " exposure for the east coast Pirate Party , a sparse community of party members that Jacquard organizes and maintains --- mostly through online chat channels and discussion forums , of which he claims no one is older than 29 .
For Jacquard , a high school junior and too young to vote , the youth of the members is the party 's greatest strength .
" With the issues that we 're focusing on , " explains Jacquard , " it definitely interests the 18 - to 25 - year - olds . "
He and others in the party believe that young voters have been turned off by politicians who either ignore their issues or patronize them , attending to worries about rising tuition fees as the key to the youth block .
" That 's awesome , but not everyone 's in university . "
Instead , the party turns to media rights and privacy advocacy , a campaign platform familiar to anyone with a life online , regardless of age .
Keeping a short leash on social network sites like Facebook and guaranteeing federal protection of net neutrality are two hot issues already facing the departments and ruling parties of the government that the Pirates intend to champion .
But the meat of their agenda firmly remains pro open - source innovation and peer - to - peer media sharing , arguments that led their Betamax and mix - tape - making ideological forefathers to be branded " pirates " during the 1970s and 1980s .
One pilot program already underway is targeted directed at the country 's independent artists .
The Canadian Pirate Tracker , or CaPT ( Captain ) , as explained by party leader Jake Daynes at pirateparty.ca , " is a creative commons torrent tracker , " dually promoting Canadian artistic talent while providing a safe place for members to share files without the threat of copyright infringement .
Although still relatively small with 11 bands and artists signed up , the torrent tracker is another political first for Canada .
Jacquard and other Pirates hope that such hands - on innovation between the party and the people will turn heads come the next election .
He will be hard at work whether he's of voting age or not , generating support for the cause on a local level , as they struggle to survive their first foray through a federal election --- hoping to achieve the two percent of the popular vote necessary to qualify for funding status .
Jacquard is aware that none of those votes are likely to come from the Maritimes , which so far lacks a candidate .
" In other parts of the country , it 's a bit more organized , it 's more official , and there are people stepping up to the plate to say , ' I want to be a candidate . ' "
But he 's hopeful that an upcoming public meeting on May 26 will help stir up local support for the party , and possibly enough interest to someday soon attract a candidate .
" If we do n't get a seat , at least we 'll get attention to the issues . "
Beware the other head of science - it bites !
Nibble on this message :
the best week for a Garden Master course ( poor man 's poll )
Since May 17 , 2004 , over 15,000 marriage licenses have been issued to same - sex couples in Massachusetts .
Nancy Gill and Marcelle LeTourneau , along with six other same - sex married couples in Massachusetts , filed suit in 2009 , claiming that DOMA denied them certain federal marriage - based benefits that are available to similarly - situated heterosexual couples in violation of the equal protection principles embodied in the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment .
Massachusetts has a variety of benefits it grants to its citizens -- among other things , there 's a state - administered health insurance program ( MassHealth ) .
There are also a pair of veteran 's cemeteries in Agawam and Wichendon which are available for qualified veterans -- but Massachusetts was told by the federal government that if the benefits of these programs were extended to same - sex spouses , millions of dollars in otherwise - available federal aid would stop .
So the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , through Attorney General Martha Coakley , also filed suit in 2009 against the United States Department of Human Services and other federal officials seeking to hold unconstitutional the Defense of Marriage Act on the grounds that DOMA intruded on areas of exclusive state authority , as well as the Spending Clause , by forcing the Commonwealth to engage in discrimination against its own citizens in order to receive and retain federal funds in connection with these programs .
In a pair of opinions issued this afternoon ( Gill , Commonwealth ) , The Hon. Joseph L. Tauro agreed with Gill and the Commonwealth and held Section 3 of DOMA -- the part forbidding federal benefits to same - sex couples -- to be unconstitutional .
DOMA fails to pass constitutional muster even under the highly deferential rational basis test .
As set forth in detail below , this court is convinced that " there exists no fairly conceivable set of facts that could ground a rational relationship " between DOMA and a legitimate government objective .
DOMA , therefore , violates core constitutional principles of equal protection .
And why is DOMA lacking in rational basis ?
Judge Tauro -- who , by the way , has served on the federal bench since his nomination by President Nixon in 1972 -- cuts down the reasons :
This court can readily dispose of the notion that denying federal recognition to same - sex marriages might encourage responsible procreation , because the government concedes that this objective bears no rational relationship to the operation of DOMA .
Since the enactment of DOMA , a consensus has developed among the medical , psychological , and social welfare communities that children raised by gay and lesbian parents are just as likely to be well - adjusted as those raised by heterosexual parents .
But even if Congress believed at the time of DOMA ’s passage that children had the best chance at success if raised jointly by their biological mothers and fathers , a desire to encourage heterosexual couples to procreate and rear their own children more responsibly would not provide a rational basis for denying federal recognition to same - sex marriages .
Such denial does nothing to promote stability in heterosexual parenting .
Rather , it " prevent[s ] children of same - sex couples from enjoying the immeasurable advantages that flow from the assurance of a stable family structure , " when afforded equal recognition under federal law .
Moreover , an interest in encouraging responsible procreation plainly cannot provide a rational basis upon which to exclude same - sex marriages from federal recognition because , as Justice Scalia pointed out in his dissent to Lawrence v. Texas , the ability to procreate is not now , nor has it ever been , a precondition to marriage in any state in the country .
And , relying on the Moreno / City of Cleburne / Romer cases of which I 'm a big fan :
[ T ] his court notes that DOMA cannot possibly encourage Plaintiffs to marry members of the opposite sex because Plaintiffs are already married to members of the same sex .
But more generally , this court cannot discern a means by which the federal government ’s denial of benefits to same - sex spouses might encourage homosexual people to marry members of the opposite sex .
And denying marriage - based benefits to same - sex spouses certainly bears no reasonable relation to any interest the government might have in making heterosexual marriages more secure .
What remains , therefore , is the possibility that Congress sought to deny recognition to same - sex marriages in order to make heterosexual marriage appear more valuable or desirable .
But to the extent that this was the goal , Congress has achieved it " only by punishing same - sex couples who exercise their rights under state law . "
And this the Constitution does not permit .
" For if the constitutional conception of ‘ equal protection of the laws ’ means anything , it must at the very least mean " that the Constitution will not abide such " a bare congressional desire to harm a politically unpopular group . "
And finally , Congress attempted to justify DOMA by asserting its interest in the preservation of scarce government resources .
While this court recognizes that conserving the public fisc can be a legitimate government interest , " a concern for the preservation of resources standing alone can hardly justify the classification used in allocating those resources . "
This court can discern no principled reason to cut government expenditures at the particular expense of Plaintiffs , apart from Congress ’ desire to express its disapprobation of same - sex marriage .
Yes , but what about the wacky new reasons which the Obama DOJ offered to support DOMA ?
In essence , the government argues that the Constitution permitted Congress to enact DOMA as a means to preserve the " status quo , " pending the resolution of a socially contentious debate taking place in the states over whether to sanction same - sex marriage .
Had Congress not done so , the argument continues , the definitions of " marriage " and " spouse " under federal law would have changed along with each alteration in the status of same - sex marriage in any given state because , prior to DOMA , federal law simply incorporated each state ’s marital status determinations .
And , therefore , Congress could reasonably have concluded that DOMA was necessary to ensure consistency in the distribution of federal marriage - based benefits .
In addition , the government asserts that DOMA exhibits the type of incremental response to a new social problem which Congress may constitutionally employ in the face of a changing socio-political landscape .
[ T ] his assertion merely begs the more pertinent question : whether the federal government had any proper role to play in formulating such policy in the first instance .
There can be no dispute that the subject of domestic relations is the exclusive province of the states .
And the powers to establish eligibility requirements for marriage , as well as to issue determinations of martial status , lie at the very core of such domestic relations law .
The government therefore concedes , as it must , that Congress does not have the authority to place restrictions on the states ’ power to issue marriage licenses .
And indeed , as the government aptly points out , DOMA refrains from directly doing so .
Nonetheless , the government ’s argument assumes that Congress has some interest in a uniform definition of marriage for purposes of determining federal rights , benefits , and privileges .
There is no such interest .
By way of one pointed example , so - called miscegenation statutes began to fall , state by state , beginning in 1948 .
But no fewer than sixteen states maintained such laws as of 1967 when the Supreme Court finally declared that prohibitions on interracial marriage violated the core constitutional guarantees of equal protection and due process .
Nevertheless , throughout the evolution of the stateside debate over interracial marriage , the federal government saw fit to rely on state marital status determinations when they were relevant to federal law .
And even within the narrower class of heterosexual married couples , this court cannot apprehend any rational relationship between DOMA and the goal of nationwide consistency .
As noted above , eligibility requirements for heterosexual marriage vary by state , but the federal government nonetheless recognizes any heterosexual marriage , which a couple has validly entered pursuant to the laws of the state that issued the license .
For example , a thirteen year - old female and a fourteen year - old male , who have the consent of their parents , can obtain a valid marriage license in the state of New Hampshire .
Though this court knows of no other state in the country that would sanction such a marriage , the federal government recognizes it as valid simply
because New Hampshire has declared it to be so .
And , so , in conclusion :
In the wake of DOMA , it is only sexual orientation that differentiates a married couple entitled to federal marriage - based benefits from one not so entitled .
And this court can conceive of no way in which such a difference might be relevant to the provision of the benefits at issue .
By premising eligibility for these benefits on marital status in the first instance , the federal government signals to this court that the relevant distinction to be drawn is between married individuals and unmarried individuals .
To further divide the class of married individuals into those with spouses of the same sex and those with spouses of the opposite sex is to create a distinction without meaning .
And where , as here , " there is no reason to believe that the disadvantaged class is different , in relevant respects " from a similarly situated class , this court may conclude that it is only irrational prejudice that motivates the challenged classification .
As irrational prejudice plainly never constitutes a legitimate government interest , this court must hold that Section 3 of DOMA as applied to Plaintiffs violates the equal protection principles embodied in the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution .
I pray that the Attorney General recognizes that DOMA is indefensible , and declines to appeal .
See also mille147's diary , which got to it first .
Director Michelangelo Antonioni , a close friend of Anjelica Huston 's , died during shooting , so in the scene where Huston 's character is so sad and absent - minded that she can't speak , Huston did n't have to act much .
See more
Goofs
In the scene where Victor played the rapist to a woman 's fantasy of rape .
In the first angle , the frustrated woman grabbed Victor 's hand , which was holding the knife , so that it would be placed at her neck , then proceeded to use the vibrator on herself .
Then when Victor says , " Whoa , whoa , whoa , what about me ? " the angle changed and focused on the woman , in which Victor 's hand and the knife were n't anywhere to be seen .
In the next shot , Victor had his hand and knife at her neck again .
See more
George Osborne ' has raised risk of double - dip ' with emergency budget
Chancellor George Osborne has been warned by a high powered Commons committee that his budget could spiral Britain back into recession
George Osborne 's emergency Budget has increased the risk of a double - dip recession , a powerful committee of MPs has warned .
In its first report on the Budget , the Commons Treasury committee said the tough package of tax increases and spending cuts unveiled by the Chancellor last month had made it likely that Britain would slip back into recession this year .
The findings from the Tory - dominated committee are embarrassing for the Chancellor , who brushed aside warnings from Labour that the Budget would send us back into recession and cost hundreds of thousands of jobs .
The report also questioned Treasury claims that society 's poorest had suffered least as a result of the Budget .
Treasury sources last night pointed out that the committee believed the Budget had only ' slightly ' increased the chances of a double - dip recession , adding that MPs also said the package had improved Britain 's long - term growth prospects .
The committee said Mr Osborne had chosen ' more radical ' action than Labour to tackle the budget deficit .
But it said there were ' risks on either side of the Budget judgment ' - suggesting that some believe Mr Osborne should have gone even further .
The warning on the impact of the Budget came as MPs raised fresh questions about the independence of the new Office for Budget Responsibility .
The tax and spending watchdog was set up by Mr Osborne to restore public confidence in official economic forecasts after years of Labour spin .
But the OBR has been mired in allegations about its own independence
after cutting its forecast of public - sector job losses in the run-up to the Budget .
Sir Alan Budd , its chairman , yesterday said that convincing the public and financial markets that the OBR was genuinely independent was now the organisation 's ' core challenge ' .
Sir Alan , who stunned Westminster and the City by announcing that he was quitting the OBR after just three months , said ' no one in their right mind ' would want to replace him .
Treasury committee chairman , Tory Andrew Tyrie said the OBR had made a ' bumpy start ' .
Sir Alan responded : ' You refer to the bumpy ride .
I have other words for it .'
He insisted the body had not been leaned on by ministers to alter its fore - casts .
He acknowledged recent events had made it harder to convince the public that the body was independent .
But he said the OBR , which will produce two economic forecasts a year , was likely to continue to rely on Government departments for at least 80 per cent of its staff .
It was unlikely ever to achieve ' total independence ' from the Treasury .
Last night Mr Osborne tried to shore up the OBR 's credibility by promising MPs the power to prevent him hiring and firing its chairman without their approval .
He said legislation would ensure the Chancellor could not sack the watchdog on a ' whim ' .
Recording police likely not illegal in Md .
By Washington Post editors
The Maryland Attorney General 's Office says it 's likely not a violation of Maryland 's wiretap law to make an audio recording of a police officer during an arrest .
Maryland law requires the consent of both parties to record private conversations .
Earlier this year , a motorcyclist was charged with violating the law for recording his traffic stop by a state trooper .
That case is still pending .
But Deputy Attorney General Robert McDonald says the case likely would n't hold up to legal scrutiny .
McDonald wrote to Delegate Sandy Rosenberg that a court would likely conclude that a traffic stop does not constitute a private conversation .
-- Associated Press
Several homegrown recipes abound for building scanning tunneling electron microscopes .
One such project , from a research group at the University of Muenster in Germany , is called the SXM ; through their website , you can buy a construction kit for 985 euros .
But many of these projects , designed by academics , rely on pricey external hardware -- like signal generators and oscilloscopes -- that the average person might not have .
They also do n't always use the most up - to - date technology , and while some have released schematics , none of them are open source .
De'Angeli 's project is designed to stand alone , and it is entirely open source , relying on the Arduino , the popular open - source microcontroller board , which is in active use for thousands of projects around the globe .
A Python script takes the raw data and pulls it into an image file .
D'Angeli's hope is that average folks -- people not affiliated with science departments at all -- will start making and using their own STMs at home .
He said : " There is nowhere for him to go , the river is on one side and this road and all the police on the other . "
Shrimpers who were exposed to a mixture of oil and Corexit dispersant in the Gulf of Mexico suffered severe symptoms such as muscle spasms , heart palpitations , headaches that last for weeks and bleeding from the rectum , according to a marine toxicologist who issued the warning Friday on a cable news network .
Dr. Susan Shaw , founder and director of the Marine Environmental Research Institute , said during a CNN broadcast that after personally diving the oil spill in late May , a “ very fiery sore throat ” plagued her from inhaling fumes coming off the water .
Because she was covered from head to toe in a protective suit , Dr. Shaw was spared direct exposure .
ADVERTISEMENT
Shrimpers who had bare - skin contact with the mixture of oil and Corexit , she said , were not so lucky .
During her segment with anchor Rick Sanchez , Dr. Shaw specified that stories shrimpers had told her were from when BP was deploying “ the more toxic ” Corexit 9527 .
BP has allegedly switched to Corexit 9500 , which Dr. Shaw has also taken to task in a widely - publicized essay .
The company responsible for producing the various Corexit formulas is Nalco , Co. , which was created by former members of the boards of directors at BP and Exxon .
Their product is essentially by the oil industry , for the oil industry .
That ’s why , even in the face of an alternative like Dispersit which is half as toxic as Corexit , Nalco ’s product is still in much greater supply .
Dr. Shaw offered a stark analysis of Corexit 9500 in her piece for The New York Times .
“ Though all dispersants are potentially dangerous when applied in such volumes , Corexit [ 9500 ] is particularly toxic , ” she wrote .
“ It contains petroleum solvents and a chemical that , when ingested , ruptures red blood cells and causes internal bleeding .
It is also bioaccumulative , meaning its concentration intensifies as it moves up the food chain . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ BP refused an Environmental Protection Agency order in late MayÃ‚Â to significantly cut down its use of dispersants , as well as anotherÃ‚Â to find and use a less toxic substance than Corexit , saying that it ‘ continues to believe that Corexit EC9500A is the best alternative ’ available in the necessary amount , ” a blog with the Natural Resources Defense Council noted .
The EPA lists Corexit 9500 as “ useful on oil spills in salt water ” and prescribes an application of “ 2 to 10 U.S. gallons per acre ” .
They further said in a media advisory that Corexit 9500 will “ biodegrade . ”
The EPA ’s description is only slightly less enthusiastic than a list of Corexit talking points featured on Nalco ’s Web site , which claims ( among other things ) …
ADVERTISEMENT
* All of the ingredients contained in NalcoÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s dispersants are safe and found in common household products , such as food , packaging , cosmetics , and household cleaners .
* Individually and collectively the ingredients are safe when used as directed .
* Corexit is approved for use by the EPA because it falls well within the agencyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s range of allowable toxicity levels .
* Corexit products biodegrade rapidly , do not bioaccumulate , are not human carcinogens , do not degrade into endocrine disruptors , and are not reproductive toxins .
* This is 1/10th of 1 percent of the level of the product tested under EPA standards and a far lower level than the EPA allows in drinking water of several non-biodegradable elements that are highly toxic , carcinogenic , and / or reproductive toxins .
The portion about bioaccumulation and carcinogenic effect is interesting , considering Nalco ’s own Dr. David Horsup stated in a media advisory that “ additional testing ” is needed in order to assess “ biodegradation , bioaccumulation , carcinogenicity and effectiveness . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Such conflicting statements would seem to undermine the company line .
“ Yes , the dispersants have made for cleaner beaches , ” Dr. Shaw wrote .
“ But theyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re not worth the destruction they cause at sea , far out of sight .
It would be better to halt their use and just siphon and skim as much of the oil off the surface as we can .
The Deepwater Horizon spill has done enough damage , without our adding to it . ”
Speaking to CNN on Friday , her message was a bit more dire .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ruptures red blood cells , causes internal bleeding and liver and kidney damage , ” Dr. Shaw said .
“ This stuff is so toxic — combined , it ’s not the oil alone , it ’s not the dispersant — the dispersed oil that still contains this stuff , it ’s very , very toxic and it goes right through skin . ”
The claims would seem to echo a fellow toxicologist who described the effects of Corexit as the disruption of oil bilipid layers , which he called “ the very basis of life . ”
“ Each of us is made out of cells , ” Dr. Chris Pincetich explained in a recent interview .
“ Those cells are nothing more than an oil layer surrounding our proteins and RNA and all the other molecules talking to each other .
You put in a chemical that disrupts that basic biological structure and you are putting yourself at risk from umpteen effects . ”
Mixed with toxic compounds leached from crude oil , said “ umpteen effects ” are completely unknown at this point , with Dr. Shaw ’s statements being among the first reports on the dire health effects of dispersed oil exposure .
ADVERTISEMENT
None of the most recent news bodes well for U.S. residents anywhere near the Gulf dcoast .
Some reports have suggested that new chemical compounds formed in the Gulf ’s hot , salty summer waters are evaporating and potentially returning in rains across the south - eastern U.S.
There ’s also the case of an amateur video shot in Louisiana after a heavy rain , in which the videographer claims to be witnessing an oil sheen on almost all surfaces touched by the condensation .
While the claim of oil rain was not confirmed , it still caused a significant stir online .
Crude oil cannot evaporate , but there are legitimate fears that some of the lighter oil or compounds leached out of it and significantly thinned by Corexit , may have come aground in condensation .
It is also possible that a strong storm or water - spout at sea simply picked up a volume of oily mixture and deposited it across an area of land , but the odds of that are small .
Along that same line , a million different and horrifying scenarios exist if a hurricane plows through the ever - growing volume of oil and spreads untold gallons across miles of populated American soil .
While no government agency has made such an announcement , considering the recently available , credible analysis , coastal residents within several miles of the Gulf would be well advised to take note , at the very least , of their exposure to sea spray , which may be carrying a higher content of toxic chemicals than normal .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was broadcast by CNN on Friday , July 9 , 2010 .
State - wide censorship of sexually explicit material on the internet .
Laws prohibiting driving vehicles on the Sabbath and Jewish holidays .
Women allowed to bathe in the Mediterranean only a few hours a week .
The face of Baruch Goldstein on the 20 shekel bill .
A national holiday celebrating our spiritual founding father , Rabbi Meir Kahane .
Sound ludicrous ?
It 's the nightmare scenario of art school graduate Yosi Even Kama - and the subject of his 4th - year thesis project .
Any Israeli can step into his dystopia , on exhibit at the Shenkar College of Engineering & Design in Ramat Gan until the end of July .
next previous 11 of 11 | Hebrew : 2023 - no freedom of speech in the new state Credit : David Sheen 1 of 11 | Hebrew :
Here comes peace / Leftists pollute education Credit : David Sheen 2 of 11 | Hebrew : The courts are destroying Judaism Credit : David Sheen
The project consists of four cylindrical public notice boards representing four different snapshots in time from the streets of Tel Aviv , between the years 2020 to 2023 .
In this twisted parallel universe , the government of Israel finally signs a peace deal with the Palestinians , in which it agrees to withdraw from the West Bank and share control over Jerusalem .
Incensed by what they believe to be high treason , Jewish supremacists manage to mobilize tens of thousands of Israeli citizens and successfully carry out a coup d'etat .
In the newly - established State of Judea , there is no freedom , no feminism , and no fun .
Only fascism .
" I read the most recent survey of Israeli society and I was shocked , " Even Kama recalled .
That report , commissioned by the Tami Steinmetz Center for Peace Research at Tel Aviv University , found that most Israelis believe that " there is too much freedom of expression " in Israel .
So this is what will come to pass in only ten years ' time ?
" It wo n't happen exactly like that .
But it 's already happening right now , bit by bit : the loyalty oath law , the religious conversion law , the ban on commemorating the naqba , the ban on demonstrating at the homes of high - ranking army officers ...
When you break down the basic building blocks of democracy , fascism will fill that void . "
Open gallery view Artist Yosi Even Kama Credit : David Sheen
They are not our brothers
In the run-up to a totalitarian state , Even Kama 's made - up religious right - wing extremists combine visual imagery of slithery snakes and armies of insects with slogans that demonize democratic institutions .
In the following year of this imaginary timeline , the rebels post pictures of snakes being sliced open and bugs being squashed , as they make their power play with an armed insurrection .
Following the fictional narrative , what remains of the liberal left in Israel sells off its properties and evacuates the country while it is still able .
And finally , fabricated rabbinical edicts quoting traditional texts provide a religious justification for the execution of the secular heretics that resist the new order .
Destroying Democracy
Unsurprisingly , Even Kama 's provocative project has angered many people on the opposite end of the political spectrum .
On srugim.com , an internet news portal for the nationalist - religious community , many have vilified the artist , and the Shenkar school for providing him a platform .
But other visitors to the site admit that they admire his designs and even advocate adopting them .
" I would use different colors , but this is basically what I believe , " wrote one commenter .
These undercurrents have not escaped the attention of more mainstream political commentators .
Last month ( June 22 , 2010 ) , reporting on the same set of phenomena that is frightening Even Kama , retired judge and Yediot Ahronot Legal Affairs Editor Boaz Okon wrote in a chilling op - ed piece : " These dots are growing evidence of the lack of spirit of freedom and the emergence of apartheid and fascism . "
Using iconography that references our historical memories of evil dictatorships is bound to push people 's buttons ; the most amazing artwork almost always does .
It is easy to dismiss the " State of Judea " as agitation against Even Kama 's political opponents .
But it 's a lot harder to dismiss the anti-democratic parties and populist movements that he parodies .
One thing is certain : if his deepest fears are realized , he could be the first one to be burned at the stake .
GAZA
One useful place to mull Israel ’s siege of Gaza is from inside an 800 - foot - long smugglers ’ tunnel burrowing under the Egyptian border .
The tunnel , well ventilated and well lit with wooden supports , is big enough to walk along with a wheelbarrow full of contraband .
But it ’s more mechanized than that .
A crew on the Egyptian side loads a large gurney with bags of cement , totaling one ton , and then an electric winch tows the gurney by cable through the tunnel to the outlet on the Gaza side .
Another crew then loads the sacks onto a truck for delivery around Gaza .
This tunnel operates around the clock , and all around me I saw other tunnel entrances  some big enough to drive cars through so that they end up in dealerships in Gaza .
They were covered but were n’t seriously hidden , and nobody objected to an American journalist scrambling around  even though tunnels were everywhere .
“ I ’d say there are 800 to 900 of these tunnels , ” one tunnel owner told me .
“ They employ an average of maybe 30 people each . ”
In the Religion of 100 % Americanism , Ignorance is Strength
Bill Kristol , at the Weekly Standard , questions whether a military strike on Iran ’s alleged nuclear development program would be as dangerous as everyone seems to think .
A limited strike against selected military and terrorist - training targets , he argues , would most likely result in a similarly limited Iranian response .
The reason : the rational self - interest of Iran ’s leadership .
“ It ’s unclear … that Iran would want to risk broadening the conflict and creating the prospect of regime decapitation .
Iran ’s rulers have shown that their preeminent concern is maintaining their grip on power .
If U.S. military action is narrowly targeted , and declared to be such , why would Iran ’s leaders … want to escalate the conflict , as even one missile attack on a U.S. facility or ally or a blockade of the Strait would obviously do ? ”
In other words , the Iranian leadership ’s likely response is a rational assessment of the results of their own past actions : “ This attack is punishment for our reckless policies .
Clearly , we must adjust our course of action to avoid such punishment in the future . ”
Now consider the reaction among most of the Republican base when Ron Paul , in 2008 GOP primary debates , made a similar assessment of 9 - 11 as blowback from American adventurism overseas .
The howls of outrage were swift , loud , and predictable : “ Defeatism ! ” “ Moral equivalence ! ” “ Blame America first ! ”
Imagine the United States being subjected to a limited Chinese strike against its military forces , aimed at limiting the American government ’s ability to intervene overseas and deterring its leadership from adventurism .
What seems more likely to you ?
That the American people would pressure the U.S. government to refrain from further adventures overseas in order to avoid more such attacks , and that the U.S. leadership — obsessed , after all , with holding onto power — would avoid any response that might result in a decapitating second strike ?
Or that the American people would rally around the flag and the “ Commander - in - Chief , ” and that the U.S. government would wage total war to punish this totally unjustified foreign aggression ?
So Kristol is relying on the assumption that Iran ’s leadership and populace are not as pig- brained stupid as those of the United States .
Indeed , if Iran ’s leadership is as rationally self - interested as Kristol says , it seems likely that any attempt at acquiring nuclear weapons capability is driven by a supremely rational interest in deterring the United States .
Iran — a country with no history of military attacks on its neighbors over the past thirty years — has witnessed first an American - sponsored attrack on itself by one of its neighbors , and then two American attacks on that same neighbor based on trumped - up accusations .
Man , I ’d be wanting some nukes myself .
Kristol also produces the obligatory , for neocons , quote from Churchill on “ appeasement ” and “ half - measures . ”
In the neocon template , the “ foreign threat ” of the week is always Hitler at Munich , and the United States is faced with a choice between Chamberlainian appeasement and Churchillian deterrence and resolve .
This neglects the possibility that the leadership of foreign states might see the United States as playing the Hitler role , and themselves as confronted by a choice between appeasement and deterrence .
In the neocon view of the world , the United States is the only country in the world whose people and political leadership should be incapable of rational self - interest .
For America , alone among the peoples of the world , rationally considering the consequences of the U.S. government ’s foreign policy and adjusting that policy accordingly constitutes “ defeatism . ”
Apparently it ’s never occurred to Kristol that , in the event of an American attack on Iran , the Iranian leadership would see itself as Chamberlain in the Munich scenario , and attempt to punish aggression as harshly as possible in order to deter further attacks — or that the Iranian people would rally around their flag in exactly the same mindlessly uncritical , gullible fashion as their Nascar - attending , Toby Keith - listening counterparts in the U.S .
To be a good American , you must be stupid .
If you think , the terrorists have won .
Maybe that ’s what Liz Cheney means by “ American exceptionalism . ”
When Nicholas Longrich discovered a new dinosaur species with a heart - shaped frill on its head , he wanted to come up with a name just as flamboyant as the dinosaur 's appearance .
Over a few beers with fellow paleontologists one night , he blurted out the first thing that came to mind : Mojoceratops .
" It was just a joke , but then everyone stopped and looked at each other and said , ' Wait -- that actually sounds cool , ' " said Longrich , a postdoctoral associate at Yale University .
" I tried to come up with serious names after that , but Mojoceratops just sort of stuck . "
With the publication of Longrich 's paper describing his find in the Journal of Paleontology , the name is now official .
The dinosaur is one of more than a dozen species belonging to the chasmosaurine ceratopsid family , which are defined by elaborate frills on their skulls .
A plant eater about the size of a hippopotamus , Mojoceratops appeared about 75 million years ago during the Late Cretaceous -- 10 million years earlier than its well - known cousin , the Triceratops .
The species , which is related to another dinosaur in Texas , is found only in Canada 's Alberta and Saskatchewan provinces and was short - lived , having survived for only about one million years .
It was only after coming up with the unusual name that Longrich looked into its etymology .
Surprisingly , he found that it was a perfect fit for the species , which sported a flamboyant , heart - shaped frill on its head .
" I discovered that ' mojo ' is an early 20th - century African - American term meaning a magic charm or talisman , often used to attract members of the opposite sex , " he said .
" This dinosaur probably used its frill to attract mates , so the name made sense . "
The full name is Mojoceratops perifania , with " perifania " meaning pride in Greek .
( The other part of the name mojoceratops follows the convention of other related species , with " ceras " being Greek for horn and " ops " being Greek for face . )
While all ceratopsids have frills on the tops of their skulls , " Mojoceratops is the most ostentatious , " Longrich said , adding that their frill is also the most heart - shaped of all the related species .
Longrich got his first clue that he might have found a new species at the American Museum of Natural History in New York , where he was studying the dinosaur fossil collection in 2008 .
There , he found a distinctive frill that did n't match anything previously known .
Later , while sketching the skull of another specimen on display , which was thought to be a species called Chasmosaurus , he noticed the skull was identical to the one on the specimen next to it .
" I realized the skull on the supposed Chasmosaurus must have been a reconstruction , " he explained .
When he studied the front of the skull , Longrich noticed some differences from the typical Chasmosaurus , including longer horns than usual .
Trips to other museums in Western Canada turned up more examples that did n't fit with the rest of the known species .
" The fossils did n't look like anything we 'd seen before .
They just looked wrong , " he said .
Finding yet another previously unknown large dinosaur species that comes from Dinosaur Provincial Park in Alberta , Canada - which boasts the world 's most diverse dinosaur fauna - was somewhat surprising , Longrich said , because the fossils have been studied for such a long time already .
" So far , we really have no good explanation for why there are so many dinosaurs in the area and just how they managed to coexist , " he said .
All in all , Longrich turned up eight partial skulls of the new species , which now boasts a name with just as much flair as its unusually shaped head .
" You 're supposed to use Latin and Greek names , but this just seemed more fun , " Longrich said .
" You can do good science and still have some fun , too .
So why not ? "
Black holes are gravitational behemoths that dramatically twist space and time .
Recently , they ’ve also pointed researchers to a remarkable proposal — that everything we see may be akin to a hologram .
Alan Alda joins Kip Thorne , Robbert Dijkgraaf and other renowned researchers on an odyssey through one of nature ’s most spectacular creations , and learn how they are leading scientists to rewrite the rules of reality .
star star star star star_half Abgegebene Bewertungen : 137
Steinpilze kräftig und kurz mit kaltem , fließendem Wasser abspülen .
In 400 ml lauwarmem Wasser einweichen .
Das Wasser soll dabei ziemlich dunkelbraun werden .
Zwiebeln und Knoblauch fein hacken und in einer Pfanne mit etwas Butter glasig anbraten .
Reis dazugeben und 2 - 3 Minuten mitbraten .
Pilze und Pilzwasser dazugeben , mit Salz und Pfeffer würzen , mit dem Salz vorsichtig umgehen , weil die Würze wird auch am Ende durch den Parmesan etwas kräftiger .
Unter ständigem Rühren die Flüssigkeit bis zur Hälfte reduzieren , Sahne dazugeben und weiter köcheln lassen .
Nach und nach immer etwas Brühe dazugeben und immer sorgfältig rühren .
So vorgehen , bis der Reis gar , aber noch bissfest und das Risotto cremig ist .
Vom Herd nehmen , Butter und Parmesan dazugeben und gründlich unterrühren .
Sehr warm servieren .
“ VARIANT COVER ” – A comic book produced with different covers for the express purpose of having you , the comic fan boy , boy multiple copies of the same thing .
Sometimes many covers will create a larger tapestry or work of art ; others will be in 3 - D ; or have alternative concepts .
We all love art or we [… ]
1 ) Saw 8 : The Reality Television Gameshow 2 ) Live action movie of Hungry , Hungry Hippos 3 ) The Tonight Show , starring Chewbacca 4 ) Deadpool vs. Punisher : The Musical 5 ) The Human Centipede sleeping bag 6 ) C - Span Live Action Role Playing Group 7 ) The new Texas Chainsaw Massacre ride at Six Flags Over Texas 8 ) Your Parents Basement is Always [… ]
The single camera glory that was Barney Miller can probably never be reproduced .
There ’s heavy debate in the office whether it should be or not .
It was essentially a 22 - minute , 3 - act play with minimal characters and only one set ( after Season One that also featured Barney ’s dining room at home ) .
The thing is , the writing [… ]
Yep .
Most of the high school biggies were our man , Hughes .
But if you can name the 1980s high school movie quotes listed below , your might have been paying attention to something else in ’ 88 other than the MTV Beach House and that cute girl with freckles in your 11th grade Chemistry class .
5 ) ” Last night , [… ]
This Weekend is legendary Indy 500 .
Please do n’t think geekdom is limited to cosplay and app programming .
Oh no , my friends .
Two years ago our Mid-West correspondent , Billy D , and I watched those car dorks jump a humongous Hot Wheels truck over a bunch of school busses and twice as many drunks while Florence Henderson [… ]
TalkTalk 's Official Statement
We are developing some really exciting new security and parental control services , which will be based deep within our network infrastructure , to provide our customers with greater protection for all the devices they connect to their broadband line with .
We ’ve had considerable feedback from customers that PC - based software only deals with part of the wider security problem facing today 's internet users , so we ’ve developed these new services to help improve our customers online experience with us .
In preparation for the launch of these services , as our users surf the internet , details of websites visited are put into a list .
Scanning engines then compare this list to a blacklist ( sites that have been found to contain recent threats ) and whitelist ( sites that have been recently scanned with no threats found ) ; if the site is not on either of these , it will visit the site and scan it for malicious code .
Sites that are already on either list are not scanned again until the following day .
Our scanning engines receive no knowledge about which users visited what sites ( e.g. telephone number , account number ,
In due course we will be trialing and launching these services .
We hope to be able to share more info on all of this soon .
We are developing some really exciting new security and parental control services , which will be based deep within our network infrastructure , to provide our customers with greater protection for all the devices they connect to their broadband line with .
We ’ve had considerable feedback from customers that PC - based software only deals with part of the wider security problem facing today 's internet users , so we ’ve developed these new services to help improve our customers online experience with us .
In preparation for the launch of these services , as our users surf the internet , details of websites visited are put into a list .
Scanning engines then compare this list to a blacklist ( sites that have been found to contain recent threats ) and whitelist ( sites that have been recently scanned with no threats found ) ; if the site is not on either of these , it will visit the site and scan it for malicious code .
Sites that are already on either list are not scanned again until the following day .
Our scanning engines receive no knowledge about which users visited what sites ( e.g. telephone number , account number , IP address ) , nor do they store any data for us to cross -reference this back to our customers .
We are not interested in who has visited which site - we are simply scanning a list of sites which our customers , as a whole internet community , have visited .
What we are interested in is making the web a safer place for all our customers .
In due course we will be trialing and launching these services .
We hope to be able to share more info on all of this soon .
A TalkTalk spokesperson told The Register :
" Our scanning engines receive no knowledge about which users visited what sites ( e.g. telephone number , account number , " Our scanning engines receive no knowledge about which users visited what sites ( e.g. telephone number , account number , IP address ) , nor do they store any data for us to cross - reference this back to our customers . "
Digital Economy Act 2010
Charles Dunstone , Chairman of the TalkTalk Group , said :
" The Digital Economy Act 's measures will cost the UK hundreds of millions and many people believe they are unfair , unwarranted and wo n't work .
So it ’s no surprise that in Nick Clegg ’s call for laws to repeal , this Act is top of the public ’s ‘ wish list ’ .
Innocent broadband customers will suffer and citizens will have their privacy invaded .
" " The Digital Economy Act 's measures will cost the UK hundreds of millions and many people believe they are unfair , unwarranted and wo n't work .
So it ’s no surprise that in Nick Clegg ’s call for laws to repeal , this Act is top of the public ’s ‘ wish list ’ .
Innocent broadband customers will suffer and
Broadband ISP TalkTalk UK could be about to incur the wrath of privacy campaigners after some of its customers spotted that their online website browsing activity was being monitored and recorded without consent .
The situation has caused a significant amount of concern with many end -users worried about the impact upon their personal privacy .
TalkTalk has since confirmed that the monitoring , which was first discovered on the ISPs discussion forum during the middle of July ( here ) , is part of a future Malware / Security / Parental Guidance tool to be provided by Chinese vendor Huawei .
This is due to launch before the end of 2010 .
The system , which is not yet fully in place , aims to help block dangerous websites ( e.g. those designed to spread malware ) by comparing the URL that a person visits against a list of good and bad / dangerous sites .
Bad sites will then be restricted .
At present the affected customers cannot opt- out of TalkTalk 's data collection exercise , while the actual malware / block tool itself has yet to be enabled and will also be subjected to optional customer testing before it is .
The resulting system will apparently only be available if you opt - in to use it .
As a result the systems first stage is currently just monitoring and recording URLs , which TalkTalk says is an anonymous process ; no end - user IP address or personal details are revealed .
However some customer posts have suggested that the TalkTalk system also reads the code for sites , at least the ones it cannot identify , which could in theory pose a security risk if the URL you visited was for a private admin page .
Some of these would be pages that even Google cannot find .
It 's worth pointing out that ISPs are already required to record website and email accesses ( but not content ) , including dates and times , as part of the previous governments Data Retention Directive .
However this is a closed process for use by specific public / security services and should not be confused with what TalkTalk is doing .
TalkTalk claims that its new system does not require prior customer consent because it is effectively just gathering an anonymous list of public website addresses ( retained for 24 hours ) .
The data itself will also be stored in a network device and at the moment only Huawei has visibility of this information .
That last bit does n't inspire confidence .
Given the absence of any technical data that could explain precisely how this system works it would be very difficult to assess the reality of their words .
The situation also harks back to BT 's secret trials of Phorm technology , which pledged to offer a similar website filtering system alongside its controversial behavioural advertising " " .
Many likened Phorm 's Deep Packet Inspection ( DPI ) system to spyware and it was eventually hounded out of the UK and lost its major UK ISP support , which at the time also included TalkTalk .
In fairness the ISP is not proposing to do exactly what Phorm did , although the similarities are there .
TalkTalk are intercepting their customers communications data ( protected by the law ) and passing it to a profiling system , which a third party firm appears to have visibility of , for the purpose of launching a commercially advantageous system .
There are some legally grey areas here .
It might also clash with what TalkTalk 's boss recently said as part of its opposition to the ( DEA ) .
At least one of TalkTalk 's forum administrators agrees that the ISP could have told people that the URL collecting had started , in fact they should have informed them BEFORE it started .
Such a system was always going to be contentious and clearly needed prior discussion .
On the upside at least TalkTalk are owning up to it instead of trying to disguise their activity .
Furthermore we have to ask whether this kind of service is even needed .
TalkTalk claims that it is but similar systems already exist through Google searches , anti-virus software and most modern website browsers .
Do we really need a fourth level of protection that is trying to perform almost exactly the same task ?
We 've also seen some reports that the new system confuses login sessions for certain websites and web - based games that require a degree of IP authentication , although at this stage it 's difficult to know if the problem is directly related .
Charge for access to website sees newspaper 's online audience fall to 33 % of its previous size – better than many had expected
The Times newspaper 's website has lost two ‑thirds of its audience following the implementation of a paywall , according to data published yesterday – a dramatic decline , but not as steep as many had forecast .
Readership figures for the site will be keenly scrutinised by the rest of the media industry , and particularly by rival newspapers , which are still struggling to work out a viable business model as readers migrate to online news and circulations decline .
Rupert Murdoch , who controls News International , the owner of the Times , announced the decision to install a paywall around the paper and its sister , the Sunday Times , last year , pitching him against many in the industry who are banking on the idea that drawing a mass audience with free news will eventually deliver strong advertising revenues .
The data from Experian Hitwise , which monitors internet traffic , showed that in the week following the introduction of the paywall on 2 July , visits to the Times site fell to 33 % of its pre-registration level .
The site had been expected to lose 90 % of its traffic .
The drop may have been softened by an introductory charge of £ 1 for the first 30 days .
Murdoch aims to charge £ 1 per day for access to the site or £ 2 for a week .
He already successfully charges for access to the Wall Street Journal online , but it is accepted that readers are readier to pay for the kind of specialist data the WSJ produces .
According to Experian , the biggest drop in audience came in the five weeks ahead of the paywall going up , when visitors were asked to register their details .
The site lost 58 % during that period and the decline has only been modest since the wall went up .
Murdoch made a foray into free web content when he bought MySpace in 2005 for $ 580 m , but the site has lost ground and he has put the emphasis back on subscription services .
Another month into 2010 , and most of the browser trends we 've noted over the past several months are continuing : Firefox and Opera remain static , Safari is slowly creeping ahead , and Chrome roars forward at breakneck speeds .
But Internet Explorer has reversed itself — and gained market share .
Between May and June , Internet Explorer gained 0.57 percentage points ( from 59.75 percent to 60.32 percent ) .
Usually , it 's IE losing the most ground .
Data source : Net Applications
We 've seen IE drop more than one percentage point on multiple occasions , but even though IE 's gain is substantial , it 's not unheard of to see IE gain share once in a while .
Months like this do n't usually happen twice in a row , and until we see data for July we can't say that IE 's long decline has started to reverse itself .
It may be grinding to a halt , though , given that May 's loss was Microsoft 's smallest decline in the last year ( and IE actually saw positive growth in the US ) and now IE is back above 60 percent .
Microsoft noted that the increase may be the result of a marketing campaign that it launched earlier this month to underline how IE8 helps stop online criminals from stealing your information .
Since launch , Redmond has had many campaigns to promote IE8's various features , especially the security ones , and while version 8 is the fastest growing browser , its success has not been enough to counter the overall decline of IE thus far .
As for Firefox , the browser has once again moved away from the 25 percent mark , now dropping below 24 percent .
We 've been blaming Chrome for this trend until now , but this month IE can claim some responsibility .
Data source : Net Applications
The importance of being the default browser in the world 's most popular operating system continues to boost IE .
Microsoft 's browser is being used by more than 6 out of 10 people and IE8 is being used by more than one in four users on the Web ( quickly closing in to be one in three ) .
The general trend is that IE7 and IE6 are both slowly sliding backwards in share .
Unfortunately for Web developers everywhere , IE6's share is not only greater than IE7's , but it actually gained 0.01 percentage points this month .
While IE6's share can be attributed to businesses still using customized intranet applications as well as the fact that XP 's share is much bigger than Vista's , we suspect the gain is n't accurate , especially since it 's so minute .
As always , things at Ars are very different : Firefox continues to dominate , but this month we saw Safari steal second place , pushing Chrome and Internet Explorer into third and fourth places , respectively .
Compared to last month , Firefox lost share , while Safari , Chrome , and IE all gained .
CHICAGO -- Major League Baseball called the Los Angeles Angels last week to warn them about the possibility of riots in Oakland this weekend if a verdict comes down in the case of a transit officer who is on trial for shooting an unarmed man on a train platform .
The case , which involves a white officer and a black victim , has sparked racial tensions in the East Bay , so the trial was moved to Los Angeles .
Jury deliberations resumed Thursday .
MLB security phoned Angels traveling secretary Tom Taylor to explain the situation and offer the team extra security .
The Angels , who are scheduled to arrive in the Bay Area late Thursday night for a weekend series in Oakland , are staying in a San Francisco hotel and will bus to Oakland Coliseum .
" I do n't anticipate anything .
We 're going to play baseball , " Angels manager Mike Scioscia said .
" Obviously , it 's a high - visibility trial and I 'm sure there are going to be emotional reactions , but we 're going to play baseball .
I do n't anticipate any issues . "
Johannes Mehserle , a former Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer , is charged with murder for allegedly shooting Oscar Grant III at Oakland 's Fruitvale BART station Jan. 1 , 2009 .
Grant , 22 , was shot while Mehserle and another officer were trying to handcuff Grant .
Mark Saxon covers the Angels for ESPNLosAngeles.com
Oxford , England ( CNN ) -- WikiLeaks.org , the website that released secret video of a U.S. airstrike in Iraq that killed a dozen civilians , is " getting an enormous quantity of whistle - blower disclosures of high caliber , " the site 's founder , Julian Assange , said Friday in a rare public appearance here .
Speaking at the TED Global conference , Assange said that " we are overwhelmed by our growth " and the site can't keep up with the volume of the new material because it does n't have enough people to verify it .
He later told reporters that " there are many things which are very explosive . "
Assange said the organization gets material from whistle - blowers in a variety of ways -- including via postal mail -- vets it , releases it to the public and then defends itself against " the regular political or legal attack . "
He said the organization rarely knows the identity of the source of the leak .
" If we find out at some stage , we destroy that information as soon as possible , " he said .
Pfc. Bradley E. Manning , 22 , of Potomac , Maryland , has been charged with eight violations of the U.S. Criminal Code for allegedly illegally transferring classified data , including the video that wound up on WikiLeaks .
He has been accused of " wrongfully introducing a classified video of a military operation filmed at or near Baghdad , Iraq " around July 12 , 2007 , " onto his personal computer , a non-secure information system . "
Assange said at a news conference that Manning " is a political prisoner being held in the nation of Kuwait , effectively keeping him away from the press and effective legal representation . "
He said WikiLeaks is providing legal assistance to Manning without saying if he was the source of the video .
" Obviously , we cannot pick and choose , " said Assange , adding that the site has to defend everyone who faces serious charges as a result of material posted on WikiLeaks .
The video shows aerial footage of an attack by a U.S. Apache helicopter that killed civilians , including two journalists from the Reuters news service .
WikiLeaks posted it in April .
The site said the video " clearly shows the unprovoked slaying of a wounded Reuters employee and his rescuers . "
Asked to respond to Assange 's assertion that Manning is a " political prisoner , " Pentagon spokesman Col .
David Lapan told CNN that Manning is " accused of committing serious offenses .
He has been charged under the Uniform Code of Military Justice and will be processed by normal procedures through the military justice system . "
U.S. military authorities have warned that the publication of classified documents on WikiLeaks could aid in the planning of terrorist attacks and harm national security .
At the Oxford event , Assange said , " Remember the people in Baghdad , the people in Iraq , the people in Afghanistan , they do n't need to see the video .
They see it every day . "
He said the site 's hope is that such video " will change the perception of the people who are paying " for the war .
Assange denied reports that WikiLeaks had received hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. cables in addition to the Iraq video .
He said the site would have released the cables if it had received them .
Assange said some information , including a patient 's medical records , should legitimately be kept secret .
But he said WikiLeaks 's practice of revealing information from whistle - blowers follows the traditions of journalism .
The fact that governments and organizations spend money to keep this information secret , Assange said , is a good indication that releasing the information can achieve reform .
The 39 - year - old Assange , who has gray hair swept back behind his ears , noted that WikiLeaks operates in several countries , including Iceland and Sweden , where , he said , laws give protection to the disclosures made on the site .
He said he had to cancel three public appearances in the United States , including one at the June conference of Investigative Reporters and Editors in Las Vegas , Nevada , because of " unreasonable " statements by U.S. officials in private that they " may not follow the rule of law " in dealing with him .
" I received advice from figures like [ investigative reporter ]
Sy Hersh to exercise caution , " Assange said , adding that U.S. officials have now adopted a " reasonable " attitude in private .
Assange was interviewed by Chris Anderson , curator of TED , the nonprofit that ran the conference .
He asked the audience for a show of hands as to whether he was a hero or a " dangerous troublemaker . "
The vast majority signaled that they viewed him as a hero .
CNN 's Mike Mount and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .
You have to go back to the days of Gilles Villeneuve and Carlos Reutemann ( pictured ) to find a worse result for Ferrari than their 14th and 15th in yesterday ’s British Grand Prix .
Red Bull , meanwhile , have led twice as many laps as everyone else put together this year – yet still are n’t leading the world championships .
Read on for more stats and facts from the British Grand Prix .
Red Bull dominance
Red Bull continue to dominate qualifying in 2010 with their RB6 .
They ’ve now had nine pole positions and five one - twos from ten attempts .
Record - breaking beckons .
We ’ve seen teams score 15 pole positions in 16 - race seasons three times before : Williams in 1992 and 1993 – also with Adrian Newey - designed cars – and McLaren in 1988 .
Can Red Bull raise the bar over the 19 races of 2010 ?
They headed every session in Silverstone – all three practice sessions , all three parts of qualifying and the race .
Sebastian Vettel ’s tenth career pole position was surely his most controversial .
However he ’s matched Jochen Rindt ’s tally of first - placed starts .
Mark Webber became the first driver this year to score three wins , giving him a career total of five , matching world champions Giuseppe Farina and Keke Rosberg as well as Clay Regazzoni , John Watson and Michele Alboreto .
The last Australian to win the British Grand Prix was Alan Jones at Brands Hatch 30 years ago .
This was also the first time Red Bull have won twice at the same venue .
Ferrari ’s worst finish in 32 years
Fastest lap went to Fernando Alonso after his late change of tyres .
It was the 15th of his career , putting him level with Jackie Stewart and Clay Regazzoni .
He is the sixth different driver to set fastest lap in as many races , and established a new lap record for the revised Silverstone Circuit .
But Ferrari suffered their worst two - car finish since the 1978 French Grand Prix , when Gilles Villeneuve and Carlos Reutemann finished 12th and 18th respectively .
After Luca di Montezemolo ’s tirades against the new teams Ferrari should have been grateful for them at Silverstone – without the likes of Lotus , Virgin and HRT , Ferrari ’s 14th and 15th places would have left them last of the classified runners .
Fast laps
The fastest lap of the new circuit during the weekend was Vettel ’s pole position lap of 1’29.615 .
His average speed of 236.52 kph was fractionally slower than what the cars managed on the old track last year – 236.92 kph .
Sharp - eyed readers will note those figures do n’t correspond exactly with those quoted last week – that ’s because the official length of the revised track was given as being ten metres shorter than what was previously declared .
Sakon Yamamoto made his first F1 start since the 2007 Brazilian Grand Prix .
He started and finished last of the runners , but to be fair his HRT was n’t up to much more than that .
Pedro de la Rosa enjoyed his best qualifying performance of the year , starting ninth .
Read more : British Grand Prix fastest laps
Laps led
Webber was in front for all 52 laps of the British Grand Prix .
Red Bull have led 433 of 600 laps in 2010 .
Driver Laps led Mark Webber 259 Sebastian Vettel 174 Jenson Button 74 Lewis Hamilton 56 Fernando Alonso 20 Nico Rosberg 16 Sebastien Buemi 1
Podium finishes
Consistent top - three finishes are aiding Hamilton ’s quest for the championship .
Had it not been for his wheel failure in Spain he ’d have seven from ten starts this year .
Nico Rosberg also looks good on this list , with as many podium finishes as Fernando Alonso and more than Felipe Massa .
Driver Podiums Lewis Hamilton 6 Jenson Button 5 Mark Webber 5 Sebastian Vettel 4 Fernando Alonso 3 Nico Rosberg 3 Felipe Massa 2 Robert Kubica 2
Qualifying
Hamilton is increasingly pressing home his advantage in qualifying too .
He ’s started ahead of Jenson Button in the last six races :
Pos Driver Times out - qualified team mate 1 Robert Kubica 10 2 Timo Glock 9 2 Sebastien Buemi 9 4 Adrian Sutil 8 4 Nico Rosberg 8 6 Rubens Barrichello 7 6 Fernando Alonso 7 6 Lewis Hamilton 7 9 Bruno Senna 6 9 Pedro de la Rosa 6 11 Mark Webber 5 11 Jarno Trulli 5 11 Heikki Kovalainen 5 11 Sebastian Vettel 5 15 Kamui Kobayashi 4 15 Karun Chandhok 4 17 Jenson Button 3 17 Felipe Massa 3 19 Nico H?�??lkenberg 2 19 Michael Schumacher 2 19 Vitantonio Liuzzi 2 22 Jaime Alguersuari 1 22 Lucas di Grassi 1 24 Vitaly Petrov 0 24 Sakon Yamamoto 0
Have you spotted any other interesting stats and facts from the British Grand Prix ?
Post them in the comments below .
2010 British Grand Prix
Image ( C ) Michelin
Australia 's web - censors have outdone themselves .
After Stephen Conroy ( the Australian minister notorious for proposing the Great Firewall of Australia ) promised greater transparency in his government 's efforts to regulate the Internet , they replied to a Freedom of Information request on plans to monitor Australians ' internet traffic with a document that was 90 percent blacked out :
The federal government has censored approximately 90 per cent of a secret document outlining its controversial plans to snoop on Australians ' web surfing , obtained under freedom of information ( FoI ) laws , out of fear the document could cause " premature unnecessary debate " .
The government has been consulting with the internet industry over the proposal , which would require ISPs to store certain internet activities of all Australians – regardless of whether they have been suspected of wrongdoing – for law - enforcement agencies to access .
All parties to the consultations have been sworn to secrecy .
こんな夏にぴったりのゲームを作りました！
今回のコミケの新作はこちらです。
東方Project 第 12.8弾（どこまで刻むのか）
「 妖精大戦争 ～ 東方三月精 」
です。
チルノが三妖精に宣戦布告を出してさあ大変、というお話。同名の書き下ろしの続きです。
実は「東方三月精 ～ Strange and Bright Nature Deity 」第二巻を出す前からゲームを作る予定になっていたのですが（二巻の書き下ろし「妖精大戦争」はそのオープニングストーリーでした）、スケジュールや色々なアレから実現出来なかったゲームがようやく完成しました！
（嘘、現在完成に向けて鋭意制作中です）
比良坂真琴さんに絵を描いて頂きまして、非常に三月精のゆるーい世界そのものといった感じにする事ができました（あ、もちろん角川さんには許可を頂いていますよ）
しかしてゲーム内容はというと
「 チルノが、避けるはずの弾幕を凍らせて進む爽快ゲーム」
みたいな感じで 。
遊びたいときに考えなしに短時間でさくっと遊べて、繰り返し遊べる歯ごたえある難易度、大胆なのに緻密なパターン、そんな感じになっています。
（＊注 開発中につき画面は変わります ）
別にストーリーやキャラを知らなくても遊べる、シンプルかつ大胆、そして自然なシステムで、遊び甲斐のあるゲームとなっていますのでゲームに興味がある方は是非是非。
もちろんコミケで出す物は完成版ですぞ！
あ、夏コミのブースは 「 二日目、 東Aー28a」です。
ああ、まだ完成していないんですけど。
暑いです。こんな夏にぴったりのゲームを作りました！今回のコミケの新作はこちらです。東方Project 第 12.8弾（どこまで刻むのか）「妖精大戦争 ～ 東方三月精」です。チルノが三妖精に宣戦布告を出してさあ大変、というお話。同名の書き下ろしの続きです。実は「東方三月精 ～ Strange and Bright Nature Deity 」第二巻を出す前からゲームを作る予定になっていたのですが（二巻の書き下ろし「妖精大戦争」はそのオープニングストーリーでした）、スケジュールや色々なアレから実現出来なかったゲームがようやく完成しました！
（嘘、現在完成に向けて鋭意制作中です）比良坂真琴さんに絵を描いて頂きまして、非常に三月精のゆるーい世界そのものといった感じにする事ができました（あ、もちろん角川さんには許可を頂いていますよ）しかしてゲーム内容はというと「チルノが、避けるはずの弾幕を凍らせて進む爽快ゲーム」みたいな感じで。遊びたいときに考えなしに短時間でさくっと遊べて、繰り返し遊べる歯ごたえある難易度、大胆なのに緻密なパターン、そんな感じになっています。（＊注
開発中につき画面は変わります）別にストーリーやキャラを知らなくても遊べる、シンプルかつ大胆、そして自然なシステムで、遊び甲斐のあるゲームとなっていますのでゲームに興味がある方は是非是非。もちろんコミケで出す物は完成版ですぞ！あ、夏コミのブースは「二日目、東Aー28a」です。ああ、まだ完成していないんですけど。
I have always used Prototype library for most of my projects until I was introduced to jQuery three months back ... and it enchanted me .
Behavior driven development ( BDD ) Using jQuery , behavior (s ) of HTML elements is defined separately from HTML code similar to defining style of an element using CSS .
Lets look at a simple example to display alert box on click of an element 1 2 3 4 5 6 $ ( element ) .
click ( function ( ) { alert ( " warning " ) ; // fill stub for confirming this action from user } ) ; A complex example :
All elements of class " speciallinks " should emit the following behavior : change their href link to " javascript: void ( 0 ) ; " generate logs on click onhover should change background color .
1 2 3 4 5 $( " div.speciallinks " ) .attr ( " href " , " javascript: void ( 0 ) " ) .click ( function ( ) { console .
log ( " div.speciallinks clicked " ) ;} ) .hover ( function ( ) { $ ( this ) .addClass ( " hovered " ) ;} , function ( ) {$ ( this ) .removeClass ( " hovered " ) ; } ) ;
MVC + J MVC framework divides web development into 3 separate parts Model - View - Controller and Ruby on Rails is a great MVC framework .
The View part of MVC framework comprises of HTML , CSS and JavaScript which is bulky , combining three different parts of GUI development into one .
Moreover , using Prototype helpers in Ruby on Rails views messes up HTML and JavaScript together .
Here , jQuery fits in nicely ( due to BDD ) to separate JavaScript ( J ) from Views ( V ) to visualize the framework as MVC +
J which I find very powerful especially working with Ajax .
Using jQuery , I keep all my HTML files are clean and clear as all the JavaScript code is kept in .js files defining behavior of HTML elements .
Chaining of actions Chaining of actions for a HTML element follows DRY principals and increases readability of JavaScript code .
If I want to add a bunch of operations on a single / multiple elements , it can be as simple as : 1 2 3 4 5 $ ( " div.message " ) . show ( ) . append ( " Action has been executed successfully " ) .addClass ( " flash " ) ; // chained functions can be on separate lines :)
Now , this is possible because every method within jQuery returns the query object itself on which further methods can be applied to form a chain of methods on " selected " HTML elements .
CSS Selector rocks !
CSS Selectors are very powerful when playing with HTML DOM .
jQuery is based on CSS Selectors to identify elements in a HTML document , which avoids tedious job of managing idattribute for each of my HTML tags .
Most of id attributes can be avoided using right CSS Selector .
Prototype does supports CSS Selectors via $ $ function , but it does n't fully leverages the power of CSS Selectors .
I find Prototype working best with element 's id attribute .
No more checks for presence of an element
In prototype , I always need to check if an element exists before applying an action to it .
For example : I want to display user specific content in a div{id= ' user - box'} only if user is logged in ( this div will exist on rendered page only if user is logged in ) .
In Prototype I will do : 1 2 3 4 5 if ( $ ( ' user - box ' ) != null ) { // this if block is redundant with jQuery $( " user - box " ) .style.backgroundColor = " red " ; }
Can a law firm sue up to 5,000 accused P2P users from across the US at once , and in a single DC court ?
For now , at least , it can .
In a 45 - minute hearing yesterday before federal judge Rosemary Collyer of the Washington , DC District Court , lawyers from the ACLU , EFF , and Time Warner Cable squared off with Thomas Dunlap of Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver , the firm behind the " US Copyright Group . "
US Copyright Group has spent the last year partnering with indie film producers like German video game auteur Uwe Boll and the producers of The Hurt Locker , offering to go after P2P downloaders of their films .
Those who settle for $ 1,500 - $ 2,500 can avoid a threatened court case that would seek $ 150,000 in damages .
But the EFF and ACLU argued that it just was n't proper to sue thousands of people this way , because the people have no real connection to one another ( a question of " joinder " ) .
They also complained about suing people from Hawaii in a DC court ( an issue of " jurisdiction " ) .
And Time Warner Cable objected that it could n't possible process thousands of IP lookup requests in a timely manner ( an issue of " burden " ) .
Judge Collyer was " very thoughtful about the issue " said EFF attorney Corynne McSherry when I spoke to her yesterday after the hearing .
Collyer considered the concerns of everyone involved and eventually decided on a " creative solution , " in McSherry 's words : ISP subscribers will soon receive an additional notification letter agreed to by all parties .
The letter will better explain their rights and the grounds on which they or their lawyers can object to the subpoena .
McSherry admitted that there were " other things we would have preferred to happen " — EFF and ACLU had asked the joined cases to be " severed " and each one filed individually , while Time Warner wanted the whole subpoena limited to 28 requests a month or else be quashed altogether .
While Collyer 's order wo n't put an end to the subpoenas in process , it will call a halt to subscriber notifications in two of the main cases until all parties can agree on the notice text .
Tom Dunlap tells
Ars , " Until the court has approved the notice , in the two cases before Judge Collyer , the ISPs will not send notices to their subscribers . "
( The other cases are being heard before different judges in the same court . )
And Dunlap argued that the ruling was a basic validation of his firm 's P2P litigation .
" I would note the court rejected all of the EFF 's arguments , including the request to sever any defendant at this stage in the case , " he told Ars .
Those targeted by the lawsuits are still free to make their own arguments to the judge about issues like jurisdiction , but the litigation campaign is currently free to proceed .
TRENTON
— Rutgers University has declined a request from Gov. Chris Christie ’s administration to be the lone grower of New Jersey ’s medical marijuana crop because the drug ’s illegal status would jeopardize millions of dollars in federal funding , the dean of the biological school said today .
Robert Goodman , dean of the Rutgers School of Environmental and Biological Sciences , said almost every aspect of the school ’s business – from providing financial aid , to obtaining research grants , to seeking immigration visas for visiting professors and other guests – is tied up in federal funding .
Possession , sale and use of marijuana remains a federal offense , regardless of New Jersey ’s and 13 other state ’s laws permitting medical marijuana to be sold .
“ Higher education is infinitely tied to the federal government , operating under the presumption we are not violating federal law , ’’ said Goodman , also the executive director of the New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station .
“ We were sincerely interested in the opportunity , but we had external counsel and our folks look into it and yesterday it became totally clear we could not do this . ’’
The Christie administration was counting on Rutgers to be the sole grower and a number of teaching hospitals to be the only sellers as a counter proposal to the law that passed before he became governor that would allow up to six nonprofits to provide and distribute the drug .
Sen. Nicholas Scutari ( D - Union ) , a sponsor of the law , said he expects hospitals would confront the same legal dilemma .
" Now , the state should turn its attention to implementing my original plan , which was well thought out and responsible , allowing the private sector to be involved , ’’ Scutari said .
Assemblyman Reed Gusciora ( D - Mercer ) , who also sponsored the medical marijuana bill , said he was very disappointed Rutgers took such a " narrow - minded view " and did not accept the governor 's challenge .
" Rutgers chickened out , " Gusciora said .
" Here you had a perfect fit , " with the university 's many farms , its expertise in crop research , and a governor willing to back up the university , Gusciora said .
" We could have asked our congressional delegation to write letters " to the Drug Enforcement Administration , the federal agency whose permission would have been necessary to allow research and other uses of the illegal drug .
The University of Mississippi is the only higher education institution that has the DEA 's approval to perform marijuana research .
President George W. Bush 's administration denied a request by a professor at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst to become another research site .
Gusciora said he expects the health department to implement the law he co-authored , allowing six nonprofits to grow and sell to registered patients .
Previous coverage :
• Key sponsor of N.J. medical marijuana law supports proposal to grow pot at Rutgers
• N.J. teaching hospitals campaign to be sole dispensers of medical marijuana
• N.J. Assembly approves delaying start of medical marijuana program
• N.J. medical marijuana law deadline to be delayed to next year
• Gov. Chris Christie wants all N.J. medical marijuana grown at Rutgers
• N.J. medical marijuana law models New Mexico's
• New Mexico's medical pot law , similar to N.J.'s , is too restrictive for some
• Colorado residents say legal pot has economic , medical benefits ; officials criticize unregulated industry
• Aspiring marijuana growers look to stake a claim in N.J. 's new industry
• N.J.'s medical marijuana law sharply differs from Colorado's
Related videos :
WASHINGTON , July 28 / PRNewswire -USNewswire / --
The Justice Department announced today that Leon Pullen , 32 , of Foley , Mo. , pleaded guilty to civil rights violations stemming from several incidents where he sexually assaulted and stole money from women .
Pullen was a police officer employed by the Uplands Park Police Department in suburban St. Louis .
According to court documents , on July 15 , 2009 , Officer Pullen responded to an advertisement placed on the Internet by a woman who posted her picture and contact information as a prostitute .
Pullen contacted the woman via cell phone and identified himself as " Jimmy , " and without identifying himself as a police officer , arranged to meet her at a specific location in Uplands Park .
He agreed to pay $ 400 for sexual acts , and also asked her to bring a friend .
When they arrived , a police vehicle pulled behind her car .
Pullen , who was on duty and dressed in full uniform , including a badge and sidearm , approached her , showed her the ad she had posted on the Internet , and demanded to know how much money she had with her .
Pullen made her follow him to the police station , where he sexually assaulted her .
In February or March of 2009 , Pullen answered another ad from a different woman and arranged to meet her at a hotel room that she had rented in St. Louis .
When he arrived , he was wearing a blue jacket over a gray golf shirt that had a police badge embroidered onto the front with the words " Detective Pullen . "
Once inside , he identified himself as a police officer and told her that she was under arrest .
He displayed his firearm and handcuffs .
After he sexually assaulted her , he took $ 100 in cash and her laptop computer .
The victim told the FBI later that she was initially afraid to report the assault when it happened because Pullen identified himself as a police officer .
Pullen sexually assaulted two more women using the same tactics in May and June 2009 .
Following his arrest on Sept. 20 , 2009 , Pullen gave a voluntary statement to the FBI .
First , he told the agents that he had never taken money from the victims , and denied to the FBI that he had ever engaged in sexual activity - consensual or otherwise - while on - duty .
" An officer 's badge entrusts him or her with a great deal of power .
Officers who abuse that power , as was done in this case , must be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law , " said Thomas E. Perez , Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division .
Pullen pleaded guilty to one felony count of conspiracy to deprive individuals of their rights under color of law , four felony counts of deprivation of rights under color of law , one felony count of conspiracy to commit interference with commerce by color of right , one felony count of interference with commerce by color of right , one felony count of tampering with a witness and one felony count of making false statements .
These charges carry penalty ranges of five years to life in prison .
Sentencing has been set for Oct. 15 , 2010 , before Judge Rodney W. Sippel .
This case was investigated by the FBI and prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Howard Marcus and Civil Rights Division Trial Attorney Eric Gibson .
SOURCE U.S. Department of Justice
POINT LEPREAU , N.B. , Canada —
The guardhouses stand at the end of a tree - lined road in this rural , forested province , and their occupants are n’t welcoming visitors .
Beyond the gates , an effort to refurbish Atlantic Canada ’s only nuclear power plant is n’t going well .
The 25 - year - old reactor at Point Lepreau was supposed to be refreshed , refitted and running full - tilt last September after a $ 1 billion repair .
Atomic Energy of Canada Ltd. , the crown corporation that built the reactor , was to have demonstrated the efficacy of refurbishing nuclear reactors that would otherwise have to be retired .
Today , nobody knows when the plant will be back online , except that it wo n’t be any earlier than 2011 .
The company 's engineers are currently trying to figure out how to restore seals on critical components inside the reactor vessel of the provincially owned plant , 40 miles east of Lubec , Maine .
CEO
Hugh MacDiarmid has admitted that they had “ overly optimistic scheduling assumptions ” and “ inadequate planning and preparation ” at Lepreau .
The fallout has been considerable for New Brunswick , Atomic Energy of Canada and the Canadian nuclear industry generally , raising concerns about the wisdom of refurbishing the Candu - 6 reactors , which have been installed at plants in Argentina , Romania and South Korea .
Candu - 6 units are also being refitted at a plant in Ontario , and are being contemplated at another in Quebec .
Many existing reactors worldwide are near the end of their lifetimes and need extensive rehabilitation to continue operating .
The refit at Point Lepreau was supposed to be a shining model of what Atomic Energy of Canada could do for its old plants .
“ AECL is terribly behind , terribly over budget , and terribly cash - flow negative on their refurbishment projects , ” said Toronto - based energy consultant Tom Adams .
“ The federal government keeps writing big checks for AECL and they ’re not happy about it . ”
New Brunswick ’s 750,000 citizens are on the hook for a replacement power bill estimated at $ 800 million — twice what was originally expected — and have been told by their government that electricity rates will have to go up by an additional 3 percent as a result .
Uncertainties swirling around the nuclear plant , which normally produces more than 30 percent of the province ’s electricity , helped prompt and then scuttle a proposed sale of the provincial utility , NB Power , to rivals Hydro - Quebec amid public acrimony .
“ When we were going through negotiations with Hydro Quebec , they ’d say : ‘ You want me to pay $ 1.8 billion for an asset that you do n’t know when it might start generating electricity , ' ” said New Brunswick Energy Minister Jack Keir , who hoped the deal would wipe out the provincial utility ’s $ 4.8 billion debt .
“ I think they started to ponder the risk they were taking on , and Point Lepreau played a role . ”
Not all of the delays were the doing of Atomic Energy of Canada .
In October 2008 , two $ 10 million turbine rotors destined for the plant would up at the bottom of Saint John ’s harbor after falling off a barge .
The manufacturer , the German engineering giant Siemens , is suing local contractor J.D. Irving Co. over the incident .
Some fault the province for having signed up for the refurbishment after their own experts at the public utilities board concluded in a 2002 report that the project represented an “ economic risk ” that was “ not in the public interest . ”
“ The government should not have been the party making the ultimate decision , ” said Gordon L. Weil , a regional energy expert based in Harpswell , Maine , who has closely followed the New Brunswick power sector .
“ You ’re always better off when you have economic judgments being made , not political judgments . ”
“ I think they were very impressed by the idea that they would have a significant part of their base load power coming from a generator that was environmentally better than burning fossil fuels , would be in service for 25 years , and would n’t have to be worried about , ” Weil added .
“ All of that was and maybe still is attractive as a reason to refurbish Lepreau . ”
“ It was the right decision , ” said NB Power spokesperson Kathleen Duguay .
“ If you think long term , this plant will be running for 25 or 30 years .
When it ’s operating safely and reliably , it will be making money . ”
Even if the refurbishment works out for New Brunswick , it has n’t helped Atomic Energy of Canada ’s standing with the federal government , which decided this past December that it would sell much or all of its stake in the company ’s reactor division .
“ Politicians of every stripe in New Brunswick are screaming for federal government compensation for replacement power costs associated with the delays , ” said Adams .
“ This makes AECL even less popular with its federal government sponsors . ”
“ AECL is learning from their experiences here and will be able to do better in future in Romania , China or Argentina , but New Brunswick is n’t going to get any benefit , ” said Keir .
“ The federal government should be at the table with us paying for AECL to get into that learning curve . ”
Atomic Energy of Canada spokesperson Dale Coffin said that the technical problems at Lepreau were “ being worked through ” and the question was n’t “ if they will be solved , but when . ”
He said reactor refurbishment was still “ a very viable business ” for the company , as it is much cheaper than building a replacement reactor .
“ The issue right now is that we do n’t know when it will be finished , ” Keir said .
“ Until they have a solution , they ca n’t fix it , and replacement power is costing us $ 1 million a day . ”
For some reason we ’re seeing news all over this morning ( and 1,000 emails ) that there is a mysterious “ eFuse ” in the Droid X that will “ blow up your phone ” should you tamper with the encrypted bootloader .
Seriously ?
First off , this news was reported 4 days ago as “ a bit of conjecture ” and has not been confirmed by , well , anyone .
Second , I ’ve heard from 2 - 3 sources already within the dev community that have said this is as far from the truth as possible .
It ’s the same bootloader as the Milestone .
Has anyone ’s Milestone blown up from an eFuse yet ?
Someone find me one .
If this turns out to be true , then this is awful news , but until Motorola or one of their developers comes out and admits that this is the truth , take it for it ’s worth people , a “ guess . ”
And I ’m done .
Update 1 : Stephen Bird is also shooting down this eFuse blow up rumor …
First we need root , then we need to figure out this boot loader business .
But wait !
Birdman ! what about the efuse ?!
Guess what ?
google “ omap3 efuse ” Droid , Milestone , DroidX , Droid2 … all these phones have efuse … they just really have n’t been put into use …
Update 2 : Boy Genius Report has weighed in …
This breaking news may not be as dire as many are claiming , as a google search of OMAP3 and e-fuse reveals that current OMAP handset already have e-fuse in place as part of the M - Shield hardware security technology built into TI ’s OMAP system on a chip .
It is on the very hackable DROID and the not - so - hacking - friendly Milestone , but it is not being used by Motorola to lock the bootloader of the handset .
The current theory being put forth by the non-alarmists in the Android hacking community suggests that the DROID X is locked in a similar manner to the Milestone .
Though it may be difficult to crack , and may lead to many hairs being pulled out , mucking with the bootloader probably wo n’t brick your phone .
Oh on a side note , the downtown Portland location just turned away their biggest Droid promoter because he was n’t a new customer or extending a contract and wanted to pay full retail .
Yikes .
For almost two years , Goldman Sachs has been spinning what many believed was a far - fetched tale .
Goldman has maintained that it had entirely hedged its exposure to the American International Group before A.I.G. collapsed in September 2008 .
Goldman ’s chief financial officer , David Viniar , has repeated over and over again : “ We had no direct exposure . ”
Wall Street laughed .
Congress laughed .
The media laughed .
Impossible !
Just last week , Elizabeth Warren , the chairwoman of the Congressional Oversight Panel , reiterated her skepticism during a Senate hearing .
“ We cannot evaluate the credibility of their claim that they had nothing at stake one way or the other in the A.I.G. bailout , ” she said .
A popular narrative has been constructed that government officials , led by Henry M. Paulson Jr. , then Treasury secretary and the former chief executive of Goldman , and Timothy F. Geithner , then the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , saved A.I.G. to save banks that were exposed to the insurance giant  and in particular Goldman .
So what was Goldman ’s exposure ?
According to some newly released documents , perhaps far less than its detractors maintain .
SAN FRANCISCO  Did Apple make a lemon ?
On Monday , Consumer Reports , America ’s trusted source of product reviews , said it would not recommend the iPhone 4 because of a hardware flaw with its antenna that sometimes resulted in dropped calls .
The independent consumer magazine also cast doubt on Apple ’s recent explanation that a software bug had caused the widely reported problem .
Apple did not return requests for comment .
Consumer Reports did not slap the iPhone 4 with a “ do n’t buy ” warning , which it sometimes issues for shoddy or unsafe products .
But it said that because of the design flaw , it would not recommend it as it did the previous version of the iPhone , the 3GS .
The next question is , Will any of Apple ’s customers even care ?
The various versions of the iPhone have been panned a number of times for myriad problems , real or perceived : slow network , cracked screens , dropped calls and no support for a popular Web video format .
But iPhone sales have surpassed even the most optimistic forecasts and helped make Apple the most valuable company in the technology industry .
And despite early reports of problems with the iPhone 4 antenna , Apple sold 1.7 million units in just three days , making it the best - selling new technology gadget in Apple ’s history .
WATCH AN EXCERPT
As head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission [ CFTC ] , Brooksley Born became alarmed by the lack of oversight of the secretive , multitrillion - dollar over - the - counter derivatives market .
Her attempts to regulate derivatives ran into fierce resistance from then - Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan , then - Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and then - Deputy Treasury Secretary Larry Summers , who prevailed upon Congress to stop Born and limit future regulation .
This is the edited transcript of an interview conducted on Aug. 28 , 2009 .
So let 's start with September 2008 as we all sat there and watched the economy melting down and heard about things called credit default swaps [ CDS ] .
It was n't the first time you 'd heard of these sophisticated financial instruments .
What did you think when you were watching it happen ?
It was like my worst nightmare coming true .
I had had enormous concerns about the over - the - counter derivatives [ OTC ] market , including credit default swaps , for a number of years .
The market was totally opaque ; we now call it the dark market .
So nobody really knew what was going on in the market .
And then it became obvious as Lehman Brothers failed , as AIG [ American International Group ] suddenly appeared to be on the brink of tremendous defaults and turned out had been a major credit default swap dealer and needed hundreds of billions of dollars to keep it alive , the contagion in the marketplace from those failures brought many , many of our biggest financial services companies to the brink of collapse .
And it was very frightening .
... How did it happen ?
I think it happened because there was no oversight of a very , very big , dynamic , growing market .
Market participants do n't look out for the public interest .
Traditionally , government has had to protect the public interest by overseeing the marketplace and keeping the extreme behavior under some check .
We had no regulation .
No federal or state public official had any idea what was going on in those markets , so enormous leverage was permitted , enormous borrowing .
There was also little or no capital being put up as collateral for the transactions .
All the players in the marketplace were participants and counterparties to one another 's contracts .
This market had gotten to be over $ 680 trillion in notional value as of June 2008 when it topped up .
I think that was the peak .
And that is an enormous market .
That 's more than 10 times the gross national product of all the countries in the world .
...
This was something that you discovered , heard about , came across , back in the mid-1990s ?
Yes .
When I was chair of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission [ CFTC ] , I became aware of how quickly the over - the - counter derivatives market was growing , how little any of the federal regulators knew about it .
And also , we were seeing some very dangerous things happening in that market .
There were some major fraud cases .
There was use of over - the - counter derivatives to manipulate the price of commodities .
And there were some spectacular failures by institutions that were speculating in the over - the - counter market with little or no restraint .
For example , Orange County , Calif. , was brought down , went into bankruptcy because of its speculation , gambling with public money in the over - the - counter derivatives market on interest rate swaps .
I became very concerned .
This market had been under the jurisdiction of my agency and had been expanding for about three years when I came into office because one of my predecessors had led an effort to exempt these transactions from a requirement of exchange trading .
So , by an exemption , the commission had permitted the over - the - counter market to grow .
And in the few years , three years , it had grown to something like $ 25 or $ 30 trillion in notional value .
...
And the astonishing thing , at least for me as I began to learn about this , was nobody in government knew how much , how big , where , who the parties were , at all .
That 's correct .
None of the other financial regulators knew about it , either .
And it seemed to me we all needed to know .
There needed to be some light shone on this market so that we knew what kind of risks might be being created there .
We knew who the participants were .
We did know that our biggest banks and investment banks were the dealers in the market , and that they were being very profitable in their dealing in the market .
But who the buyers were , what the deal was , the spreading of the risk , was still , as you say , opaque ?
We just did n't have information .
...
What was the danger to the public that you were concerned about in the over - the - counter derivatives market ?
First of all , we did n't truly know the dangers in the market because it was a dark market .
There was no transparency .
But generally , in any financial market , if there is not government oversight to control abuses like fraud and manipulation , to limit speculation , to make sure that a major default wo n't cause a domino effect throughout the economy , the public interest is exposed and in danger .
Beyond that , and perhaps on a more specific level , I knew that the entities participating in the market were ones that all the people actually had interest in .
They were the companies that people had invested in ; they were the employers of many people ; they were the pension funds for many retirees ; they were the insurance companies for many people who were depending on those companies for their insurance .
So I knew that all the people had an investment in stability in that market .
...
When you first got there , the Procter & Gamble lawsuit against Bankers Trust had already happened .
Did it serve as a cautionary tale ?
Or had you known about it when it was happening ? ...
I had known about it at the time it happened because my law practice was in the derivatives area .
I 'd practiced derivatives law for more than 20 years .
So I kept apprised of notable cases , and certainly Procter & Gamble and Gibson Greeting Cards ' suits against Bankers Trust -- Bankers
Trust being their over - the - counter derivatives dealer -- were very well known .
So I was aware of that .
I was also aware that there had been some spectacular failures , collapses , by speculators in the market and that big institutions and a broad range of companies -- from pension funds to public entities like Orange County to corporations -- were speculating in the markets .
But I did not have any idea of the size and complexity that the market had arrived at until I got to the CFTC and my staff began to say how big this was and how little information they had about it .
... People said : " Wait a minute , these are consenting adults in a swap , in a derivative deal .
As sophisticated investors , they do n't need regulation to protect them . "
Is what Orange County represents that maybe people are not sophisticated ? ...
These are very complex instruments , and the way they work is pretty complicated .
Highly sophisticated computer models are used by the OTC derivatives dealers to figure out values and the circumstances under which they would profit highly and the counterparty would lose .
And those tools were n't available to the other parties , what we then called the end users of the over - the - counter derivatives .
The other aspect of this was it may well be that Orange County was a big , sophisticated entity ; let 's assume it was .
But it was using the taxpayers ' money , so every single taxpayer in Orange County lost when Orange County lost .
And it was the public interest that I was mostly interested in , not so much the particular interest of individual players in the market .
... Did you know it was a territory you needed to get into to exercise your responsibilities as a public official ?
I thought it was very important to do that .
One thing I should make clear , too , is that while the CFTC had exempted the market from most of our regulation , ... my predecessors had retained fraud and manipulation prohibitions against the market .
And I , when I got into office , thought , well , how can we detect these malfeasances ?
How do we deter them ?
And I realized there was no record - keeping requirement imposed on participants in the market .
There was no reporting .
We had no information .
The only way the CFTC found out about the Bankers Trust fraud was because Procter & Gamble and others filed suit .
...
How formidable a challenge is it for the head of the CFTC , this slightly off - to - the - side agency , to forge forward and make a mark in this burgeoning world ?
It was a small agency , is a small agency today .
And I did n't think that we could send out demands to the biggest banks to report to us , even though all of them were registered with us as futures and options traders .
...
But I felt that we did need to learn more about the market , and we needed to test whether the balance that the commission had earlier struck between exemption and keeping regulatory powers was appropriate .
So our Division of Trading and Markets , under Michael Greenberger , began , at my request , to prepare a list of questions that we needed answers to about the nature of the market .
They prepared a document that listed the grounds for concern : the previous fraud , the collapses in the market , the rapid growth , the fact that we did n't keep any enforcement tools to let us effectively police the markets for fraud and manipulation .
And it asked questions about the market .
It also asked questions about whether certain changes needed to be made to the regulatory regime .
Did there need to be record keeping ?
Should there be reporting to some federal regulator ?
Would clearing the transactions in a clearinghouse help protect against counterparty risk default on the part of one side or the other ?
We called this paper the concept release [ a report released to the public outlining a proposed rule change ] .
And eventually in May 1998 , we published that in the Federal Register , asking the market participants and the over - the - counter derivatives dealers for their input voluntarily to tell us about the market .
...
Were you aware of the reaction that would befall you , the CFTC , as a result of just even talking about the concept release ?
I thought asking questions could n't hurt , and I was shocked that there was a strong negative reaction to merely asking questions about a market .
I had considered this as one of three options before we went this direction .
One was to pretend that the market was n't there , which to some extent had been going on as the market was growing .
I did n't think it would be a responsible act to ignore it when it seemed to at least pose the possibility of a real threat to the public interest .
Another possibility would have been to ask our enforcement division to bring actions against the largest banks and investment banks for violating the terms of the exemption , because the exemption as it was initially adopted by the CFTC in '93 exempted only customized contracts .
It did not exempt standardized or fungible contracts , because fungible contracts could be traded on exchange .
And the philosophy was that they should be traded on exchange .
In fact , the way it became obvious to me that the way the market had evolved in the three years since the exemption was adopted was a lot of the market had become standardized and was not really appropriately exempted under the terms of the exemption .
And that 's one of the questions we asked in the concept release :
Should we broaden the exemption to cover what 's actually being traded out there in the over - the - counter market ?
[ What was the response ? ]
I was n't too surprised at the reaction of the over - the - counter derivatives dealers , because they believed in no regulation .
Their position was that markets were self - regulatory , that this market was taking care of itself , there were no risks in the market , and they thought there was no need for any government oversight or regulation .
I was more surprised at the other financial regulators who also were quite ignorant about this market , because I would have thought they would have welcomed information .
And I had hoped that they would work with us to learn more about the market , decide whether there was an appropriate regulatory regime for it .
And if so , what ?
But my reading of the times was there was no impulse to regulate ; there was an impulse to deregulate .
Everything was going just fine , thank you very much .
Well , that 's true .
We had had 15 years of deregulation up until then , really , and there was a great belief in the ability of the market to police itself without government intervention .
Certainly that had shown itself in a lot of deregulatory actions that had been taken previously .
I was concerned about it because it seemed to me it overlooked the fact that market participants , obviously and quite rightly , would pursue their own interests rather than a broader public interest .
And if systemic risk was being built up in the system , no individual participant would have any interest particularly in blowing a whistle or changing its behavior .
There were , of course , counterarguments made .
These markets are going to leave America ; they 're going to go to London .
Your response ?
...
It is true that there was a suggestion that merely asking questions would drive our biggest banks and investment banks to London .
That puzzled me .
You know , what was it that was in this market that had to be hidden ?
Why did it have to be a completely dark market ?
So it made me very suspicious and troubled .
The other argument is this would abrogate deals that were already under way .
...
That was certainly said .
This was called legal uncertainty .
But we had made it clear in the concept release that we were looking forward ; we were not concerned with existing contracts .
We would not change the regulatory regime as to the existing contracts .
Nor were we looking to police the market with respect to the legality or illegality of those contracts .
What we were asking was , should the regulatory regime be changed in the future ?
As to the other regulators , the other people in the President 's Working Group , was it your sense that they understood derivatives , how it was working ? ...
...
People there at the CFTC and people who had practiced law in the area as I had were , I 'm sure , more aware of it than people who were essentially banking supervisors or securities regulators .
There were securities options , of course , which are a kind of a derivative contract , so the SEC did have some experience in that area .
I was not sure how much understanding there was of the derivatives markets by the other regulators .
And in fact , one of the things we tried to do in the President 's Working Group meetings was to explain our markets and what the concerns were .
But it fell on deaf ears ?
Yes , there was very little interest in doing this .
The markets were doing very well ; the country was very prosperous .
There was a lot of financial innovation in this area .
In fact , I know [ former Federal Reserve Board Chairman ]
Alan Greenspan at one point in the late '90s said that the most important development in the financial markets in the '90s was the development of over - the - counter derivatives .
You think he understood what that meant ?
Well , he has said recently that there was a flaw in his understanding .
When you proposed the concept release , there 's an extraordinary statement from Greenspan , Rubin and [ former SEC head Arthur ] Levitt that says Congress should pass legislation that prevents CFTC from oversight .
How did you hear about it ?
Did you get a phone call ?
Do you remember ?
I do n't remember .
It was an extraordinary moment .
What did you think ?
I was very surprised , because of course we were an independent federal agency , and we were acting within our jurisdiction .
And ordinarily , the tradition has been and the understanding has been that independent regulatory agencies should be permitted to do their job as they saw fit .
But obviously , the other financial regulators thought that this was terribly important for them to step in and condemn .
Why ?
I think the reasons varied from department or agency .
But one of the reasons was that some of the people involved really were purists in terms of belief in free markets and were absolutely , from a doctrinal point of view , opposed to regulation .
I think others were concerned with keeping the big banks and the investment banks happy and making sure that they were responsive to the demands of those entities .
One thing we have to remember is that the financial services industry was the largest campaign finance contributor then -- and perhaps even now , I 'm not sure -- and it was very effective in lobbying both the executive branch and Congress .
Could you feel that ?
Yes .
Oh , I felt that from the day I went into office as chair of the CFTC .
How ?
I had all kinds of interest groups coming to meet with me on a daily basis to tell me how they wanted me to regulate .
So I was the focus of some of these lobbying efforts .
...
There was an argument that was made ... that what you were proposing ... would precipitate -- the quote was " the worst financial crisis since World War II . "
Did you hear that charge ?
I did hear that , and that , too , puzzled me , since we'd had a lot of financial ups and downs since World War II .
And I , again , could not conceive of why asking questions about whether the public interest was adequately served by the limited degree of regulation of this market would be so inflammatory .
Actually , some of the economists at the CFTC did do a study at the time to see if the over - the - counter derivatives market was being roiled by the concept release , and they never found any evidence of it .
[ So why were they so worried ? ]
I think the over - the - counter derivatives dealers were concerned that some additional regulation might be considered seriously .
I certainly thought some was probably needed , and the more resistance there was , the more I thought there probably was a need .
And I think they were totally opposed to it .
Of course , this became a major profit center in each of the over - the - counter derivatives dealers business .
[ It ] was something like 40 percent of the profits of many of these big banks as recently as a couple of years ago .
In the summer after the concept release , the summer of ' 98 , Long - Term Capital Management [ LTCM ] has a problem .
How do you hear about the problem ?
Yes , I got a call from the Treasury Department probably the weekend that it nearly collapsed .
This was in actually September ' 98 .
And I was told that the very large hedge fund was almost collapsing , that it had $ 1.25 trillion in notional value of over - the - counter derivatives , and it only had $ 4 billion in capital to support that enormous investment , and that the markets had turned against it , ... so that it was going to default in a very major way , leaving the counterparties in the derivatives contracts -- who happened to be the big OTC derivatives dealers -- in the lurch in a major way .
And I was told that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York was trying to facilitate an arrangement whereby the large over - the - counter derivatives dealers took over LTCM by buying it out .
What did you think when you heard that ?
I thought that it was exactly what I had been worried about .
None of us , none of the regulators had known until Long - Term Capital Management phoned the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to say they were on the verge of collapse .
Why ?
Because we did n't have any information about the market .
They had enormous leverage .
Four billion dollars supporting $ 1.25 trillion in derivatives ?
Excessive leverage was clearly a big problem in the market .
Speculation ?
I mean , this was speculation , gambling on prices , on interest rates and foreign exchange rates of a colossal nature .
Prudential controls ?
I mean , all these big banks had in essence ... extended unlimited loans to LTCM , and they had n't done their homework .
They did n't even know the extent of LTCM 's exposures in the market or the fact that the other OTC derivatives dealers had been lending to them as well .
They thought they were the only bank , and there were 13 others on the list , right ?
Well , at least there was a suggestion of that .
There was some reporting of great surprise .
The other thing it showed me , which I had n't really been aware of before , was the risk from tremendous contagion .
Not only did these instruments , which supposedly are useful for managing risk , it multiplied risk and spread it around throughout the economy , but because of counterparty risk , one institution 's failure could potentially bring down or adversely affect a large number of our biggest financial institutions .
The Federal Reserve opinion was that had the OTC derivatives dealers not stepped in and taken responsibility , this could have had a widespread , adverse , systemic impact on the financial system .
Meltdown ?
Yes .
A mini-2008 , in effect .
One decade before ?
Exactly . ...
So much for the argument that the market will somehow take care of itself and we do n't need regulation , I guess ?
It disproved it to me .
I had never believed that .
I think anybody who has been a lawyer practicing in areas involving business regulation realizes that the public interest is not fully protected by the marketplace and the participants in the marketplace .
So LTCM happens , and for a brief period there is this eagerness to regulate .
...
But it very quickly evaporates .
Why ?
Because everything was all right .
Because all the big banks did step in and solve the problem by taking over LTCM and incurring losses themselves .
But they protected the fabric of the economy .
And Congress was told by the over - the - counter derivatives dealers , by some of the other regulators , that this was an anomaly , this was not indicative of dangers in the market .
And I think any consideration of regulation probably came and went within a few days , because it was less than a month later that Congress passed a statute saying that the CFTC could take no regulatory action in the over - the - counter derivatives market for the next six months .
A moratorium .
Yes .
On Born ?
True .
Congress also said that it would like the President 's Working Group to do a study of hedge funds like LTCM and of the over - the - counter derivatives market and report back to Congress about whether or not there were problems in the areas .
[ House Banking Committee Chair ] Jim Leach [ R - Iowa ] offers you an opportunity to take a victory lap , claim vindication .
Why do n't you at that moment in front of Congress ?
Because it seemed to me that the important thing was to focus on the dangers to the public and the need for reform .
It was not whether somebody had predicted a danger that existed .
I did n't think it was appropriate to take credit for something that was so potentially disastrous .
We 've talked to people ... who say you worried a lot , a sleepless kind of worry .
How accurate are those descriptions of how potent this felt to you ?
I was extremely concerned , and because of the way our statute was written , it was the CFTC who had regulatory responsibility for these markets .
I felt that responsibility very heavily , which was why I felt that it was extremely important for me to stick to my guns and repeat to Congress and the other regulators the reasons that I thought something needed to be done to close the regulatory gap that existed .
There are many people I 've talked to , reporters and others , who say they can't remember such fierce fire ever being directed at somebody as was directed at you during those times .
How did you withstand it ?
I felt it was my public duty .
I felt that I was doing my job .
Hard to do ?
No .
When I took the job , I knew that it was my responsibility in that position to look out for the interests of all of us , not just for the interests of some of the regulated parties like the over - the - counter derivatives dealers .
And I felt as long as I was in that position , that 's what I should do .
Now , once Congress created the moratorium , I felt that Congress and the administration , by passing the statute , had relieved the commission of the responsibility .
I did continue to speak , I think , after that , about how important it was to address the issue .
But I no longer thought it was my duty as chair of the CFTC to make sure that something bad did n't happen in the market .
You really thought something bad could happen , would happen ?
Yes .
LTCM was the sort of thing that I was concerned about .
I did not foresee then the kind of pervasive and enormous collapse that we 've experienced in the last year , partly because the market was n't that big yet , partly because I did n't realize until LTCM happened how pervasive the contagion could be .
And how pervasive could it be ?
I think it could include thousands of financial services industry participants and other large institutions all over the world .
And I think that 's what happened .
As the market continued to grow , with even less oversight and regulation , until it reached more than $ 680 trillion in notional value , an enormous potential for disaster had grown .
What happened after I left the agency in June 1999 was the President 's Working Group did come out with an over - the - counter derivatives report ( PDF ) to Congress that strongly suggested that ... there was no need for regulation .
And as a result of that report , a statute was passed in 2000 called the Commodity Futures Modernization Act [ CFMA ] that took away all jurisdiction over over - the - counter derivatives from the CFTC .
It also took away any potential jurisdiction on the part of the SEC , and in fact , forbids state regulators from interfering with the over - the - counter derivatives markets .
In other words , it exempted it from all government oversight , all oversight on behalf of the public interest .
And that 's been the situation since 2000 .
When the CFMA is passed , how do you feel ? ...
The end ?
Of course it 's never the end , because I hope we can have regulation now .
But at the time , I certainly strongly disagreed with the decision to do it .
I mean , it was a terrible mistake .
And I felt as though we as a society were much more vulnerable than we should have been .
So we 're the losers .
Who were the winners ?
I think the profits made by the over - the - counter derivatives dealers , by our largest banks and investment banks , were the upside of this .
And that was shortsighted .
It was short - term benefit for a few major institutions at the expense of all the people who have lost their jobs , who have lost their retirement savings , who have lost their homes .
...
What 's the message that you 're trying to spread now in the ashes of what happened in 2008 and '09 ?
I think we have to close the regulatory gap .
...
We cannot afford as a society to go forward with an enormous unregulated market that poses this kind of danger because it ’ll happen again if we do n't take the appropriate steps .
...
We need to take a lesson from the existing futures markets where exchange trading has been safe .
As much as possible of the over - the - counter derivatives market should be traded on a regulated derivatives exchange .
The transaction should be cleared on a regulated clearinghouse .
There should be robust federal regulation of any remaining OTC derivatives market .
And personally , I think that remaining market should be limited as much as possible to no more than the customized contracts that are needed for specific businesses to hedge particular business risks .
...
If this moment passes again , the consequences are what from your perspective ?
I think we will have continuing danger from these markets and that we will have repeats of the financial crisis .
It may differ in details , but there will be significant financial downturns and disasters attributed to this regulatory gap over and over until we learn from experience .
And the lesson you learned from your government experience ?
It 's an interesting question .
I think the lesson is that a public servant has to do what she believes is right and carry her responsibility even if there are very adverse consequences in terms of criticism and other difficulties .
That 's one 's job .
My parents were both public servants , and I think I learned from them .
My father was the director of public welfare in San Francisco for 35 years , and my mother was a high school English teacher .
They felt that public service was the highest calling , that this was the way to give back to the society for all we enjoy every day .
And one of the things you have to do is put aside self - interest , put aside ambition and do what 's right for the people .
And that 's what I tried to do .
...
Congress is the one , in the end , that had oversight over the regulators .
How good a job were they doing ? ...
Of course Congress has a critically important role since they , along with the administration , have to decide on any kind of statutory reform .
I think it 's very difficult for a member of Congress to be an expert in every field .
This is a complicated field .
...
They had a lot of other things on their plate .
They were hearing from very respectable sources that there was no problem , and they chose to rely on those people .
And I think that was understandable .
I think it was unfortunate , but I think it was very understandable .
...
When your term expires , why did you leave the agency ?
I was asked by the White House whether I would like another five - year term .
I had gone into the position thinking I would fill out the existing term and return to the practice of law , which was what I really loved to do .
But by the time I was considering whether I wanted to stay on for another term , it was pretty clear , because of the attitudes of the other financial regulators , because of the congressional action tying our hands , that there was not anything effective that was going to happen in the over - the - counter derivatives area .
And I felt as though because of that , I had done what I could to help protect the public , and there was n't much left for me to do , and that perhaps the agency would benefit from new blood who came in with new priorities .
... Did you know then [ the advantages of derivatives ] ?
Did you know enough about it to be able to understand why these things would have been invented and why they would be catching on like wildfire ?
Oh , definitely , because futures and options are used the same way .
They are a wonderful means of hedging risk or shifting risk from one entity to another .
The whole reason we have derivatives exchanges is because commercial interests , agricultural interests , can in effect ensure against price changes or interest rate changes or other adverse business events by hedging through these instruments .
So in that sense , they 're a good thing ?
Exactly .
And I would never say derivatives should be banned or forbidden .
So what 's the problem ?
The problem is that they can be extremely misused .
These instruments offer two different roles to entities using it .
One is to hedge price risk ; the other is to gamble on price risk .
And there are means within the over - the - counter market to gamble on price changes in an enormous way , putting up very little up - front money so that entities are tremendously leveraged .
And that means that they can make tremendous profits when the price moves right for them .
But when it moves wrong , they can collapse like AIG did .
...
So what do the American people need to know about why this is so important to get after right now , and why it was so important for you ?
Because this is a market that can impact each of us .
It 's AIG 's collapse .
It 's the toxic assets on the books of many of our biggest banks that are over - the - counter derivatives and that caused the economic downturn that made us lose our savings , lose our jobs , lose our homes .
We can't face repeated harm like this from a totally black market , a dark market .
Do you think most people know there 's no government regulation in this territory ?
I do n't know if they do or not .
All other financial markets have some kind of government oversight protecting the public interest .
But not this ?
Not this one .
This one had very good lobbyists .
The very same entities that are lobbying today to limit the effectiveness of a new regulatory reform are the people who in 2000 and 1999 deregulated these markets entirely .
...
... I wonder about the extent to which your gender affected what happened with the members of the working group , the other regulators .
What do you think ?
I do n't want to comment on that .
I do think that some people , some men , may have problems in dealing with women as equals or listening to women 's voices , particularly dealing with their disagreement with them .
Arthur Levitt says , " You know , if she just would have gotten to know us , ... maybe it would have gone a different way . "
Arthur now expresses true affection for you and says what a lovely person [ you are ] and that he was wrong and you were right and all this .
He says it on camera .
But he says , " Oh , if only she would have --"
What do you say ?
I 'm reminded of something that Michael Greenberger once said to me , which is , " They say you were n't a team player , but I never saw them issue you a uniform . "
And I did n't feel as though I was being invited to be part of the team .
...
What was it like being one of the few women in Stanford Law School ?
It was unusual , because I 'd come from coeducation institutions before , including undergraduate studies in Stanford , and it was strange to enter into a male - dominated institution like that .
I think there were about five of us who graduated with my class out of a class of 100 , five women .
But on the other hand , I found that I made a lot of friends , worked on the Law Review and had a very good time with a lot of colleagues and enjoyed myself .
The stories about your not getting a Supreme Court clerkship opportunity , how did that feel ?
Remember , the society was very different then , and I was part of the society , so I understood why there was reluctance .
There had never been a woman law clerk on the Supreme Court before .
There had never been a woman president of the Stanford Law Review before .
So I realized that this was change and that people have trouble adjusting to change .
Our society was very different then and was used to having women in very traditional roles .
...
I was very disappointed not to be put up for a Supreme Court clerkship because I really , really was interested in doing that , and I thought it was wrong .
But I was n't outraged , because I could understand what the motives were .
... You had an interview with President Clinton to be attorney general .
How did that go ?
I did .
I had a good interview with him , and I was n't offered the job .
I do n't know why .
It was his prerogative to decide who he wanted , and he wanted Zoë Baird .
Was it a disappointment ?
It was on one level .
I remember it happened right before Christmas , and I remember sitting Christmas morning in my living room with my five children , all of whom were fairly mature by then -- they were in their 20s and early 30s -- and the Christmas tree and all the presents and the sunshine flowing into the living room and thinking , " You know , the privacy and the personal life of a private person has something to offer it . "
So it was not an unmitigated disappointment .
Did the CFTC feel like a consolation prize ?
No , I had no feeling that that 's what it was .
I had really decided , after the attorney general issue , that I would not try to go into the administration in any role , that I was happy in my practice , that I enjoyed it , and that I would serve out the rest of my career in private practice without going into the government .
What did they say to you to get you to do it ?
They were very encouraging .
I was approached by the administration , and a number of people were very encouraging .
And of course it had been the area of my practice for 20 - some - odd years , so it had that kind of appeal .
It also was appealing to think about being in an institution that , unlike a law firm , was a hierarchical institution where , as chair , I would have administrative responsibilities and other responsibilities you just do n't see as a lawyer in private practice .
...
The famous Alan Greenspan lunch , did it actually happen ?
I 'm not going to talk about it .
I 'm not going to talk about it on camera .
Pain .
It stabs .
It burns .
It aches .
It throbs .
It gnaws at you .
It knocks you for a loop .
But , sooner or later , it goes away .
Unless it does n’t .
That ’s a nightmare come true for millions of Americans who spend every day in a world of hurt .
And the problem will get only bigger .
“ As our demographics change , and we live longer , more people will experience chronic pain , ” says Dr. Lynn Webster , medical director of the Lifetree Clinical Research and Pain Clinic in Salt Lake City .
Pain is usually a symptom of something else — a scraped knee , a broken arm , appendicitis .
Treating the pain makes the patient less miserable , but it ’s just a stopgap measure until the underlying problem is fixed and the pain goes away — the scrape heals , the bone knits back together , the appendix is removed .
With chronic pain , however , the underlying problem that started it has usually ( though not always ) been fixed and yet the patient is still hurting .
A malfunctioning nervous system has started manufacturing pain .
The pain is no longer simply a symptom .
It has become a problem in its own right .
No one knows a sure - fire way to avoid chronic pain .
Still , you can improve your chances by avoiding the temptation to simply tough it out when you get injured .
“ Luckily , if treated adequately , pain goes away in a majority of patients , ” says Dr. Talal Khan , a specialist in anesthesiology , pain management and pain medicine at the University of Kansas Hospital in Kansas City .
“ But once chronic pain develops , it can be very hard to cure . ”
And then it can be devastating .
“ Patients are often disabled , ” Webster says .
“ They live with a tremendous amount of pain even with top - of - the - line treatment . ”
By definition , pain is a sensation , generally associated with tissue damage , that is experienced as unpleasant .
Pain is said to be chronic if it occurs every day , for most of the day , for three months .
( Some set the threshold sooner , some later . )
Though precise numbers are hard to find , it ’s estimated that one - third or more of Americans will have a bout of chronic pain during their lifetime .
Sometimes the pain persists because the injury persists — for example , in patients with arthritis or cancer .
Often , though , the pain - causing injury heals , but the pain just does n’t get the memo .
Still , even while defined by its persistence , chronic pain is n’t just a longer - lasting version of acute pain .
Acute pain is actually very useful .
If you stub your toe , the resulting pain sends you two messages : “ Watch where you ’re going ! ” and “ Do n’t plan on running any marathons until your toe feels better ! ”
In general , it teaches you to avoid doing again whatever you did that caused it in the first place .
And it warns you to give your injury time to heal .
Chronic pain , on the other hand , has outlived its usefulness .
“ It sets your body on high alert , ” Khan says , “ even though the threat may not be there . ”
The physiological processes involved in acute and chronic pain are also different .
You burn your finger .
You stub your toe .
You trip over your dog ’s leash and fall flat on your face .
The acute pain you feel results from nature ’s own instant - messaging service :
Your injury is converted into nerve impulses that zip off to your spinal cord and then on to your brain , the place where pain is actually perceived .
The pain messages bombard your brain for a while , tapering off as your injury heals , and stopping altogether when you ’re all better .
In chronic pain , this standard operating procedure is subverted — the brain , in a sense , is acting too smart for its own good .
“ The transition to chronic pain is similar to learning , ” says Dr. Richard Lipton , a neurologist and director of the Montefiore Headache Center in the Bronx , N.Y .
It ’s great if the brain learns to ride a bike , or hit a tennis ball or solve calculus problems .
Not so great if it learns to make you hurt all the time .
Unfortunately , Lipton says , “ the brain gets better at whatever it practices .
If it practices being in pain , it gets better at being in pain . ”
The process involved is called sensitization , and it can occur at two levels .
In one of them , nerve endings that pick up pain messages at the injury site and send them to the spinal cord become all fired up about things that would n’t faze them ordinarily — just the slightest touch can set them off .
And the touch does n’t even have to be at the injury site .
The general vicinity may be close enough .
Less often , and usually later , nerves in the central nervous system — in the spinal cord or in the brain itself — get into such a habit of sounding the pain alarm that if they no longer receive pain messages from the injury site , they start rumors all on their own .
The chronic pain process can also involve the ability of the nervous system to reorganize itself and grow new connections .
This ability is vitally important in helping stroke patients recover functions and sensations they have lost .
“ But it perpetuates , augments , aggravates and increases pain , ” Webster says .
“ Within hours of an acute injury , we see small little nerve fibers sprouting .
Sometimes they not only transmit pain and increase sensitivity , but they also begin to produce their own pain . ”
Once this “ rewiring ” occurs , it ’s very difficult to reverse , Webster says .
And even if it is reversed , it ’s liable to recur .
It ’s similar to addiction in that way :
Though alcoholics can be detoxed , they ’re still alcoholics .
It ’s clear from all this that the best way to avoid developing chronic pain is to avoid acute pain in the first place , Khan says : “ Try to stay in good health , have a good diet , be careful lifting heavy objects . ”
And since chronic pain can develop after surgery — which may lead to changes in the nervous system within hours , courtesy of those pesky little nerve sprouts — some doctors try to take preventive measures before they even operate , for example administering anti-inflammatories orally or injecting local anesthetics around targeted nerves .
Still , everyone will experience acute pain at times , and some people will go on to develop chronic pain .
Although it ’s not clear exactly why some do and some do n’t , Khan cites three probable factors : genetic differences ; cultural , societal and personal differences relating to pain experiences ; and the severity of the initial acute pain .
Just as there ’s no one impetus for chronic pain , there ’s no one way to treat it , so pain specialists advise a multidisciplinary approach .
“ We do n’t talk about a cure , ” says Marilyn Jacobs , a clinical psychologist and voluntary assistant professor in the departments of anesthesiology and psychiatry at UCLA .
“ But with standard - of - care pain treatment , the chances of managing it are much higher . ”
Such treatment includes drugs , primarily anti-inflammatories and narcotics .
These painkillers take a variety of approaches to dialing down pain messages that are sent to the brain .
Some interfere with messages sent from the injury site to the spinal cord , others block transmission up the spinal cord , and still others mimic natural painkillers that the brain itself makes and delivers to the injury site .
In rare cases , doctors may use a pain pump — a reservoir of drugs implanted in the abdomen , delivering medication directly to the spine in smaller doses than would be needed orally .
Another possibility is a spinal cord stimulator , which sends electrical charges to the spinal area to try to block transmission of pain signals to the brain .
But these options are used only in extreme cases , Jacobs says — if all else fails .
Standard - of - care treatment also includes physical and behavioral therapy .
Even plain old distraction can help .
“ Often , pain is worst at night , because you ’re inactive , so pain input is unopposed , ” Webster says .
When you use a different part of your brain on other things — listening to music , talking with friends , petting your dog — the pain input has some healthy competition .
There ’s only so much the brain can process at once .
But good treatment will also address psychological issues .
“ We ’re hot - wired to experience pain on both a sensory and emotional level , ” says Dr. F. Michael Ferrante , professor of anesthesiology and director of the UCLA Pain Management Center .
“ If you have chronic pain , it ’s natural to get depressed . ”
Patients often need help coming to terms with social losses they may face — loss of a job , of people they used to be close to and activities they used to enjoy .
They also confront a lot of misunderstanding , from friends , relatives , employers and even doctors who may not believe them or take their suffering seriously .
“ Pain is an intensely private experience , ” Lipton says .
“ In clinical practice , the key is to listen to what the pain sufferer says . ”
In fact , of all the tools at a pain doctor ’s disposal , listening may be the most powerful .
“ The most therapeutic thing I can do is to acknowledge my patients ’ pain and believe them , ” Webster says .
“ It ’s amazing how many people take a big sigh and begin to cry . ”
health@latimes.com
SPLENDOUR 2021 ON SALE NOW !
Splendour Festival will return to the luscious grounds of Wollaton Park on Saturday 24th July 2021 .
We will be revealing our exciting line - up details very soon , so watch this space and sign up to our mailing list to be the very first to know !
Tickets for our 2021 event are on sale now , so go ahead and pick one up .
You can also still watch our special one - off digital festival , ‘ Splendour At Home ’ , which took place on 18th July 2020 featuring a wide range of entertainment such as archive footage from previous years , exclusive music and comedy performances , workshops and lots more
Three years ago today , at gunpoint , Vee married me .
Today , at gunpoint , she is still married to me .
My only dream is that this hostage situation never ends .
Nameplates are hard to look at .
They fill your screen and make an absolute mess when you 're fighting lots of mobs .
_ VirtualPlates gives them depth , so they fit into the game world instead of covering it .
Note : _VirtualPlates no longer works since the Cataclysm pre-release 4.0.1 patch .
Details
Allow Overlapping Unit Nameplates
Interface Options > Names > Unit Nameplates
Options
Interface Options > _ VirtualPlates
Nameplate Scale Limits : Minimum Scale : Limits how small nameplates can shrink to .
Values can range from 0 ( meaning disabled ) to 1 ( meaning plates wo n't get smaller than their default size ) .
For example , a value of 0.5 would keep plates from shrinking beyond half their original size .
Limit maximum scale :
When enabled , this prevents nameplates from getting too big when they get close to your camera .
Maximum Scale : Similar to the  Minimum Scale slider , but this value controls how many times larger than the default size a nameplate can grow to .
Scale Factor :
When nameplates are this many yards from the screen , they 'll be normal sized .
Larger distances mean larger nameplates .
This has little configuration , and should work with most other nameplate skinning mods such as Aloft TidyPlates , and caelNameplates .
You might prefer to turn oninso nameplates wo n't bump into each other .
The sample screenshots were taken with this new feature enabled .
_VirtualPlates ' options can be found in themenu .
Afghanistan 's Taliban insurgents are training monkeys to use weapons to attack American troops , according to a recent report by a British - based media agency .
Reporters from the media agency spotted and took photos of a few " monkey soldiers " holding AK - 47 rifles and Bren light machine guns in the Waziristan tribal region near the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan .
The report and photos have been widely spread by media agencies and Web sites across the world .
According to the report , American military experts call them " monkey terrorists . "
As a form of cruel political means , wars are launched to meet political goals through conquest , devastation , assaults and other means .
In a sense , the emergence of " monkey soldiers " is the result of asymmetrical warfare .
The United States launched the war in Afghanistan using the world 's most advanced weapons such as highly - intelligent robots to detect bombs on roadsides and unmanned aerial vehicles to attack major Taliban targets .
In response , the Taliban forces have tried any possible means and figured out a method to train monkeys as " replacement killers " against American troops .
Analysts believe that apart from using " monkey killers " to attack the American troops , the Taliban also sought to arouse Western animal protectionists to pressure their governments to withdraw troops from Afghanistan .
An American official responded that the Taliban forces have started training " monkey soldiers " after suffering heavy losses , implying that they have exhausted their tricks .
Nevertheless , the Taliban believe that the emergence of " monkey soldiers " indicates that they have found smarter and more effective ways to cope with American troops .
Ironically , the initiators of " monkey soldiers " are the Americans .
Between the 1960s and the 1970s , the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) trained massive " monkey soldiers " in the Vietnam War and dispatched armed monkeys to dangerous jungles to launch assaults on Vietnamese soldiers .
Today , the Taliban forces have given the American troops some of their own medicine .
When armed animals enter interpersonal wars , what kind of world will we face ?
This can not but arouse our reflections and concerns .
By People 's Daily Online
The minutes of many U.K. Ministry of Defense ’s secret committees ’ meetings held during the Cold War period are now available to the public in the National Archives .
Thus , we know that one March day in 1959 , the Chemistry Committee of the U.K. ’s Advisory Council on Scientific Research and Technical Development met in London to discuss the possibilities for developing new chemical incapacitating weapons agents –including ones with neurological effects –something both the United Kingdom and its allies were trying to achieve .
The minutes of many U.K. Ministry of Defense ’s secret committees ’ meetings held during the Cold War period are now available to the public in the National Archives .
Thus , we know that one March day in 1959 , the Chemistry Committee of the U.K. ’s Advisory Council on Scientific Research and Technical Development met in London to discuss the possibilities for developing new chemical incapacitating weapons agents –including ones with neurological effects –something both the United Kingdom and its allies were trying to achieve .
According to the minutes of the meeting , the technical experts were not optimistic .
One of them , identified as Dr. Bowman , said the field was not particularly promising given what was known from the large amount of work done by pharmaceutical firms working on cures for mental illnesses .
Following this , the minutes of the meeting state that :” … THE CHAIRMAN , however , emphasised that the Committee was looking for [ an ] agent which would produce , not cure , psychoses ; we might succeed by modifying the curative agents … ”
The Chairman , therefore , held a very modern view of dual - use in which civil science could produce materials , technologies , and knowledge that might be misused later by those with hostile intent–not the usual Cold War view , in which military research produced civilian spin - offs , such as the Internet .
In regard to the question of dual - use , the advances in neuroscience have already seen application in the Russian use of some form of fentanyl , a powerful painkiller , as a novel incapacitating chemical agent to break the 2002 Moscow theater siege .
To be sure , the current concern about dual - use both recognizes this possible role of civilian institutions generally and also extends this concern specifically to substances with neurological effects .
The second recommendation of the 2006 U.S. National Academies report entitled “ Globalization , Biosecurity , and the Future of the Life Sciences ” –often called the Lemon - Relman report–states : “ Adopt a broadened awareness of threats beyond the classical ‘ select agents ’ and other pathogenic organisms and toxins , so as to include , for example , approaches for disrupting host homeostatic systems … ”
Homeostatic systems include the chemical neurotransmitters and neuromodulators that regulate the human nervous system .
Since the end of the Cold War , we also have seen the rise of a new sub-division of bioethics : neuroethics .
Neuroethics is concerned with both philosophical issues about the relationship between brain and mind and practical issues about the impact of our growing ability to understand and manipulate the brain upon society .
It is therefore of some interest to discover what this comparatively recent field of study has to say about the problem of dual - use .
Of course , some of the issues related to the growth of neuroscience , such as safety and rationing of new therapies , are not different from those discussed by bioethicists in other fields , but neuroethicists clearly believe that their field does raise some new issues .
In this regard , it is important to note that , despite such novel aspects of neuroethics , neuroethicists see themselves as doing the same kind of work as other bioethicists .
Their view is that a new technology is giving rise to problems that are beyond the capabilities of the scientists involved , and that there is therefore a need to bring other appropriate skills to bear in order to help the practitioners involved to decide what is best to do .
Of course , sociologists would point out that history suggests that there might be other explanations for what the ethicists are doing–such as facilitating the introduction of new technologies that might not be to the benefit of everyone .
Reviewing the growing literature on neuroethics allows a certain number of conclusions to be drawn about its present characteristics .
It is striking how a limited number of issues are discussed time and time again in different papers .
The practical ( e.g. , lie detection , neuromarketing ) and philosophical ( e.g. , personal responsibility ) implications of advances in neuroimaging are clear examples of this over - concentration on a limited range of subjects .
In contrast , it is very difficult to find many mentions of the problem of dual - use , let alone any detailed discussion of the problem and what might be done about it in this literature .
There appear to be almost no papers that actually set out some methodology that the neuroscientist might use to get a better grasp of an ethical problem other than to in some way engage with neuroethicists , who sometimes seem intent on the facilitation of the introduction of new technologies rather than providing critical analysis using different ethical approaches .
In the hope of finding a different outcome I decided to look in more depth at the topic of cognitive enhancement through the use of medical drugs .
This , again , is one of the major subjects of the neuroethical literature and is very obviously related to the problem of dual - use ( as the Chairman of the U.K. ’s Chemical Committee understood all too clearly in 1959 ) .
This part of the neuroethics literature is concerned with the possible enhancement of attention through the use of methylphenidate ( medical use : ADHD ) , alertness through the use of modafinil ( medical use : narcolepsy ) , memory through the use of various drugs being developed in the search for a means of dealing with Alzheimer ’s Disease , and mood though the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors .
Given that these drugs have proper medical uses , the question is whether people who are already well could benefit by using such medication .
A somewhat different question arises in regard to trying to help people suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) in which recurring memories of traumatic events might be reduced by the use of propranolol .
Much is known about the role of noradrenaline in memory formation and consolidation and the drug can interfere with these processes .
In a rare exception to the general rule , some neuroethicists have realised that there might be a downside to the use of such medication for “ therapeutic forgetting . ”
As senior researcher Kathinka Evers noted , if the drug could help soldiers “ forget what they have been subject to , it also helps them forget what they have done to others . ”
For the most part , however , great reservations are in order about just how effective such non-medical manipulation of the brain is at the present time even if it will eventually become possible .
My guess is that many practicing scientists would be sympathetic to the view that the current discussion of cognitive enhancement is a phantom debate as they think it will be a long time before the technologies are good enough ( for example , being free of side effects ) to raise real social problems .
Yet , in regard to the question of dual - use the advances in neuroscience have already seen application in the Russian use of some form of fentanyl , a powerful painkiller , as a novel incapacitating chemical agent to break the 2002 Moscow theater siege .
Moreover , Russia is unlikely to be the only state interested in the development of such new agents , given the changing nature of modern warfare .
One can only hope that neuroethicists will begin to pay some attention to the clear and present danger that the hostile misuse of modern neuroscience could lead to the erosion of the prohibition of chemical weapons embodied in the Chemical Weapons Convention and make a valuable contribution to the discussion of this problem in the run up to the 3rd Five Year Review Conference of the convention in 2013 .
For example , the peaceful purpose defined in Article II.9 ( d ) as “ Law enforcement including domestic riot control purposes ” could be read to mean that ordinary domestic riot control agents are a sub-category of a larger group of chemical agents that can be used legally .
On this reading , novel so - called non-lethal chemical incapacitating agents based on advances in modern civil neuroscience could be developed and used .
Yet all the evidence is that use of such agents would be very difficult to distinguish from the use of lethal agents ; recall that more than 120 of the hostages in the Moscow theater siege were killed by the chemical agent .
Such developments by states could undermine the whole prohibition and lead to a downward spiral of misuse .
Therefore , this issue of dual - use should be of great concern to neuroscientists , and particularly neuroethicists , who wish to help protect civil neuroscience from such dreadful distortion of its intended purpose .
( New York ) -
The recent killing of three men by soldiers in Jammu and Kashmir in an apparent faked encounter with so - called militants underscores the urgency for the Indian government to repeal the Armed Forces Special Powers ( Jammu and Kashmir ) Act ( AFSPA ) , Human Rights Watch said today .
Under the Act , which has been in force in Kashmir since 1990 , soldiers may not be prosecuted in a civilian court unless sanctioned by the federal government , which is extremely rare .
Police have accused Col. D.K. Pathania and Maj. Upinder Singh of the 4th Rajput Regiment of killing three Kashmiri villagers on April 30 , 2010 .
The military men falsely claimed that the villagers were anti-government militants and shot at the Line of Control ( LOC ) , the effective border separating the Indian - and Pakistani - administered regions of Kashmir .
The army ordered an inquiry , suspended the major , and removed the colonel from command .
" We have seen too many army inquiries , supposed suspensions , and false promises of punishment whenever soldiers are implicated in killing civilians , " said Meenakshi Ganguly , senior South Asia researcher at Human Rights Watch .
" But when the dust settles , the army obstructs prosecution under the Special Powers Act , and fails to deliver justice . "
The army claimed that it killed three militants after it foiled their attempt to infiltrate in the Machil sector of the Line of Control , and displayed AK - 47 assault rifles , ammunition , and Pakistani currency allegedly recovered from the men .
Police allege , though , that a member of the Territorial Army , Abbas Hussain Shah , deliberately lured the three men - Mohamad Shafi , Shehzad Ahmed , and Riyaz Ahmed , all residents of Nadihal in Baramulla district - into army custody with an offer of jobs .
Police arrested Shah , along with two alleged accomplices , after relatives reported that the three men were missing .
The police said that Shah had admitted that he took the men to a village near the border , from which soldiers transported them to the Line of Control .
Shah said he was acting under orders from Major Singh .
The three bodies were later exhumed and identified by their relatives in the presence of a magistrate .
" The army 's narrative of shooting infiltrators is the same tired story used time and again to claim military glory , " Ganguly said .
" The army 's special powers to operate in conflict areas are being repeatedly abused and should be withdrawn . "
A government - appointed review committee recommended repealing the act in 2004 because of repeated abuse .
In 2009 , the Indian government promised to revise the law to ensure human rights protections , but the bill has yet to be placed before parliament .
The army has resisted any curtailment of its powers under the act , particularly its immunity from prosecution , saying that it will lead to frivolous complaints and will hurt troop morale .
Human Rights
Watch has documented numerous cases of faked " encounter killings . "
For instance , in a 2000 case in Pathribal , the Central Bureau of Investigation filed murder charges against five army officers - Brig .
Ajay Saxena , Lt. Col. Brajendra Pratap Singh , Maj. Saurabh Sinha , Maj . Amit Saxena , and Subedar Idrees Khan - for their role in abducting and killing five villagers in a staged armed encounter .
The army challenged the charges under AFSPA since federal government approval had not been sought before the charges were filed .
Court proceedings in the case still drag on , and none of the accused have been taken into custody or brought before a judge .
According to some media accounts , some of the accused have continued to serve in the army and received promotions .
In 2007 , five alleged militants killed in a joint operation in Gandherbal by the police and the army later proved to be civilians who had been abducted and murdered .
Although charges were filed against the police officers involved , the army officers implicated were not handed over to the police for arrest and prosecution .
The army repeatedly claims that it prosecutes and punishes those found responsible for human rights violations in its military courts .
Yet the army has never provided information to the public to support this assertion .
The army has promised that the inquiry into the Machil incident will be transparent and that anyone found guilty will be punished .
" If the army is serious about punishing those responsible for this latest incident , it will transfer the suspects to the police for trial in a civilian court , " Ganguly said .
" Given the army 's poor record in holding its soldiers accountable , there is no reason to believe that a military court can be trusted to deliver justice . "
InCupTV LiveStream 1 und LiveStream 2 für jeden der es verpasst gibt es hier die Vods .
Wer selber gerne beim inCupTV mitwirken würde , Bewerbung an mich per PM .
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan , June 22 , 2010 --
The United States military is helping fund both sides of the war in Afghanistan , knowingly financing a mafia - like collection of warlords and some of the very insurgents American troops are battling , according to Afghan and American officials and a new Congressional study released today .
The military has turned to private trucking companies to transport the vast majority of materiel it needs to fight the war -- everything from bullets to Gatorade , gas to sandbags -- and in turn , the companies are using American money to pay , among others , the Taliban to try to guarantee the trucks ' safe passage , the reports charge .
Trucking executives and investigators from the House Subcommittee on National Security say the United States military knew it was helping fund the people it was fighting but did nothing about it , choosing to satisfy short - term delivery requirements and ignore fears that payments to the enemy help perpetuate Afghanistan 's long - term security problems .
The study 's findings are reinforced by half a dozen interviews conducted in the last few months by ABC News with executives from trucking and security companies , both Afghan and American .
Two American trucking executives , speaking on the condition of anonymity , say the payment structure goes beyond that depicted by the House report , detailing an intricate system whereby the American military is handing over billions of dollars to companies that bribe insurgents , warlords , road bandits and even corrupt Afghan police and soldiers to hold their fire as the trucks roll past dangerous stretches of highway .
In one case , a security company is paying a local commander who funnels American money directly to the Quetta Shura , the Taliban leadership council based in Pakistan , according to officials in Pakistan .
The commander denied the allegation .
On a recent day when the commander was told he had lost the security contract , a half dozen trucks were burned on the road between Kabul and Kandahar .
The violence stopped a few days later when the contract was given back to him .
Keep up with news about Afghanistan and Pakistan by following Nick Schifrin on Twitter
" These guys have the power to turn on the violence and turn it off , " said one of the American trucking executives .
" Our firm knowingly pays thieves to ensure the safety of our cargo . "
" Basically it 's a protection extortion racket , " Rep. John Tierney ( D - MA ) , who chairs the House subcommittee , said in an interview with ABC News .
" Tony Soprano would be proud of it . "
The House 's 85 - page report , titled " Warlord , Inc. " was released as doubts about the war crescendo in Washington .
Today Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the head of all foreign troops in Afghanistan , was called to the White House over a Rolling Stone article in which his aides get drunk and make fun of a handful of top Obama administration officials , and where he is quoted personally criticizing his civilian bosses .
And this week , the House will debate a supplemental to fund the war for another year , a bill that has revealed deep fissures in the Democratic Party over support for the war .
The report , along with a recent increase in violence , are so serious , the U.S. will have to determine whether to reconsider " the overall strategic approach to our mission in Afghanistan , " reads the report 's introduction .
Key to Afghan Convoy Safe Passage
Is the Paymaster
Every day , on average , more than 200 trucks leave Bagram Air Field , the largest U.S. base in Afghanistan , full of everything the United States needs to fight the war .
Bagram is the logistics hub for the now $ 60 billion a year war , where some 70 percent of the supplies arrive from Pakistan on their way to more than 200 small bases across Afghanistan .
In this landlocked country , the United States has turned to eight private trucking companies to deliver the materiel and split a $ 2.16 billion Host Nation Trucking contract .
To do that , the companies turn to the baddest , meanest , most heavily armed people on some of the most dangerous roads in the world : Highway 1 between Kabul , Kandahar , and Helmand .
One American trucking executive details how the payments work : Each district or province that straddles Highway 1 has a " paymaster , " an intermediary between the private security company and those who attack the trucks .
The paymaster will collect money from the security company -- " an increasingly large amount , " the executive quips -- and distribute it to whoever he needs to , including the Taliban , thieves , corrupt local officials , road bandits .
" The lines between those groups are often blurry , " the executive says .
Once that happens , the company 's trucks are each marked physically with a distinguishing characteristic , and without exception , the trucking company executive says they travel through some of the country 's most dangerous roads without incident , often passing through checkpoints run by police who are also getting a cut .
The cost is $ 1,500 per truck from Bagram to Kandahar , with $ 1,500 needed for each truck that continues on to Helmand .
Given that convoys are often as large as 300 trucks , a single trip might make a security company more than half a million dollars .
" What we usually do is provide funds to a tribal elder , who will then say , this convoy is XYZ , leave it alone .
They 've paid , " the executive says .
" No matter how bad things get out there , the trucks always get through …
We do n't need any security if the payments are made .
Nobody f---s with us . "
Another American trucking executive describes a slightly different scenario .
His company pays one of the largest security companies in the country -- not identified because it could reveal which company the executive works for -- to guarantee safe passage .
The payments are roughly the same price , but the security company says it uses them to purchase millions of dollars of guns , ammunition and hundreds of fighters to defend every single convoy .
But fears that the security company was using the money to pay insurgents were reinforced on May 14 .
After a handful of particularly bad incidents , the security company – along with one other – was prohibited from accompanying any trucks .
That same day , according to the second American trucking executive , his company lost 6 trucks .
Within a few weeks , the government allowed the companies to resume convoy duties .
The American executive said he was convinced that all along , the security company had been staging attacks against the convoys it was defending in order to convince the trucking company of the need to pay for protection .
Afghan Report Says Lieutenant Colonels Were Aware of Convoy Bribes
The trucking companies are told to deliver the goods , no matter what , according to the Tierney subcommittee and the American trucking executives .
" I have had conversations with contracting officers and have relayed to them that we 're having to pay " to guarantee security , the first American trucking company executive said .
Their response : " There 's nothing we can do . "
The House subcommittee uncovered written evidence that military officers ranked as high as lieutenant colonel knew about the likely payments to insurgents , but did nothing .
The report details multiple meetings in which trucking executives described their concerns to military contracting officers about bribes .
In interviews with the subcommittee , some of those officers seem to admit that , but describe that the focus was so focused on delivering the supplies , other concerns fell by the wayside .
" One senior Department of Defense official in Afghanistan stated that there have been significant discussions within the Department [ of Defense ] of the problem of protection payments to local warlords and the Taliban , but no action has been taken " today 's report says .
" In [ the senior official 's ] view , the contracting officers with responsibility for the contract ' intentionally turn a blind eye to the problem and refuse to look past the prime [ contractor ] to see how the security subcontractors operate -- hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil . ' "
Part of the reason for that , U.S. officials acknowledge , is the lack of capacity to examine what subcontractors ( in this case , the security companies hired by the trucking companies ) are doing .
The United States military is only now confronting that limitation with a new Task Force 2010 , designed to audit large American contracts .
" The numbers are so large now , the problem has become that much more serious , magnifying something that 's been there all along , " says a U.S. military official .
" We have to get into these subcontracting networks and really see who we 're empowering and who we 're enriching . "
The task force will begin to recommend changes to contracts in southern Afghanistan in the next few months , with an eye to possibly changing nation - wide contracts shortly thereafter .
U.S. officials admit that they simply have n't been focused on contracting despite the billions of dollars of taxpayer money dedicated to it .
" We do n't know the scope of the problem because we do n't have the visibility that we need , " the official says .
" The Butcher "
The most powerful security commander in Afghanistan is a man named Ruhullah .
He agreed to a rare meeting with a reporter , walking in with a gold rolex watch and a slightly squeaky voice .
His nickname is The Butcher .
On this day , he does n't act or sound like one .
He arrives in a Land Cruiser trailed by a pickup truck with three gunmen .
Their only uniforms are the weapons they carry in their hands : AK - 47s .
They are barely noticed on the streets of Kabul .
Ruhullah is employed by Watan Risk Management , owned by a cousin and close confidant of President Hamid Karzai .
He in turn employs hundreds of guards to defend 3,500 trucks every month – by far the largest share of the security companies working with the Host Nation Trucking contract .
He told the subcommittee he spends $ 1.5 million worth of ammunition -- every month .
Losing the Counterinsurgency Battle
Officials in Pakistan believe that Ruhullah not only funds the local warlords and thieves and road bandits in Afghanistan , but sends a portion of his money to the Quetta Shura – the Taliban leadership council , based in southwest Pakistan .
In an interview , Ruhullah denied any wrongdoing and any payments to anyone .
He says simply he is good at his job – fighting force with force .
" I have been in this business for the past 5 - 6 years and have made a lot of sacrifices .
Even to the extent that we had 35 people martyred in a day , " at the hand of the Taliban , he says .
Even if he wanted to bribe local insurgent groups , he says it would be impossible .
" How many groups can we pay money to ?
If we pay one , then the other wo n't leave us alone , and so on .
We have had no money dealings with them so far and we wo n't do it in the future .
What we would spend on them , we will spend on a fight . "
In the end , the subcommittee and the American trucking executives do n't only worry that American money is going to fund the Taliban .
They are also worried that the contracting system is perpetuating Afghanistan 's security problem ; the payments to local contractors , they say , encourages instability along the roads and props up the kinds of warlords and local thugs who Afghans came to hate during the civil war of the early 1990s .
And they say if Americans are seen to be supporting those people , then the Afghan public will refuse to support the Americans or the government -- whose police and army have been bypassed by the U.S. contracting system .
" If one of the foundational aspects of counter - insurgency is to have a government in Afghanistan that people from that country can trust and put their faith in and believe that it's not corrupt , it does n't seem to make much sense to me to put that kind of money at risk of feeding corruption and building up powers that are not the government , " Tierney says .
" When people see police and army people getting paid off and gangsters running around making huge amounts of money while a truck driver might make $ 200 a month -- but the guy that 's armed might make $ 20 million in a year -- that does not lend itself to people having a great deal of confidence that the system is going to work for them . "
Blogger Paul Kincaid compares three of this year 's five Hugo finalists , and discovers a theme :
They 're all about the decline of the United States of America .
What causes the U.S. to fall from power in these books ?
Spoilers ahead .
Advertisement
When I set out to blog this year 's Hugo shortlisted novels , I imagined something conventional like a separate post on each book .
For the first two books I was able to stick to that modest ambition , but the next three I read set off such resonances and cross-currents that I felt I had to read each in relation to the other two .
Hence this composite post on The Windup Girl by Paolo Bacigalupi , Boneshaker by Cherie Priest and Julian Comstock by Robert Charles Wilson .
They are all novels that explore , in one form or another , the decline of America .
Each takes the topic in a very different way , but the overlaps interest me .
Bacigalupi and Wilson both set their work in the future but employ old - fashioned technology ; Wilson and Priest both use the American Civil War as their touchstone for decline ; Priest and Bacigalupi both take the cause of decline as morally neutral but put the moral weight of their stories on the people coping with decline .
Advertisement
Cherie Priest 's Boneshaker , the most overtly steampunk of the three novels under consideration here , presses nearly all the right buttons .
In fact , the book so neatly conforms to the steampunk template that it feels rather mechanistic : dirigibles , check ; stylish leather coats , check ; fantastical machine , check .
Ah , yes , this fantastical machine , a superpowered digging machine that , interestingly , we never actually see working in the novel .
When Isambard Kingdom Brunel – who should be the patron saint of steampunks everywhere , but probably is n't – was digging a tunnel he invented a means by which his men could work at the tunnel face at several different heights at once .
It was faster and more efficient than previous means of tunneling , but it still relied on muscle power and was still very slow .
Far too slow for the steampunks , of course ; and they are n't really concerned with actual Victorian technology .
No , the origin for this particular device lies , I suspect , in the burrowing machines that used to appear with stunning regularity at the behest of the villains in the super hero comics I remember reading in the 60s , and that cropped up more recently in The Incredibles ( 2004 ) .
This particular device , driven by its archetypal mad scientist inventor , leaves the cellar of his home on the outskirts of Seattle , takes a remarkably precise route through the centre of the city that manages to burrow through the underground vaults of all the banks , then returns to the inventor 's home .
You do wonder if he was using some primitive form of GPS , because that is a remarkable route to take underground with nothing to guide you ; ah but we are not meant to ask awkward questions about steampunk technology , this is all just magic and handwaving .
That we should , indeed , treat the novel as fantasy rather than science fiction is demonstrated by the consequence of the mad underground ride .
The point is not that the bank vaults have been emptied , that proves to be an irrelevance , but that the machine pierced a pocket of poison gas .
Not your ordinary , everyday poison gas , of course , this gas does n't just kill its victims , it turns them into ravening flesh - eating zombies .
Not just fashionable steampunk ; but fashionable steampunk with even more fashionable flesh - eating zombies : how could Boneshaker fail !?!
Advertisement
Now , if your city was suddenly beset by a poisonous gas that turned people into zombies , what would you do ?
Yes , indeed , most people do run ( though this being the American West in the latter half of the 19th century , the lawman who lets the prisoners out of the local gaol so they can get away is branded a villain ) .
But they also build a wall around the infected part of the city and rebuild Seattle around it , and , naturally , a lot of people choose to stay within the walled city .
What 's more , since the gas is heavier than air , they choose to live mostly underground .
Advertisement
As if the fate of Seattle was n't enough to tell us that this is n't exactly our history , we learn more or less in passing that , back East , the Civil War is still raging .
After twenty years of conflict , the two sides must have thrashed themselves to an exhausted standstill ; but it 's not from a military perspective that this interests me , but rather the symbolic weight .
The Civil War was a significant turning point in the shaping of modern America .
It provided the moral high place that America has occupied ever since ; it stimulated industry across the North and the victory of the North put the country in a position to become the industrial and economic superpower of the twentieth century ; and it also saw the start of the tide of European immigration into northern cities , primarily New York , that would continue for another half - century or more and make such a contribution to the country .
If the war continues , then none of these issues can have been resolved , and in fact after so long a conflict cannot be resolved .
In other words , this is a country of moral , economic and social exhaustion .
The continuing Civil War , therefore , is our indication that this is an America in decline , a land of the lost .
The America of optimism and manifest destiny never got going .
Advertisement
The Civil War plays a similar symbolic role in Robert Charles Wilson 's Julian Comstock ; the circumstances are very different but the overall effect is the same .
Of course this time around it is not the actual Civil War we are talking about , because Julian Comstock takes place in the 22nd century .
Despite the future setting , however , this is a steampunk world : the oil has run out and the United States has regressed to a social and technological level roughly equivalent to the mid-nineteenth century .
The population is mostly rural , living in isolated settlements ; travel is horse - powered with the occasional steam train for longer journeys ; ships are wooden - hulled and wind - powered .
The belligerent United States has recently won a war in Mexico ( yes , I know , another Civil War echo ) , and is now engaged in a long and inconclusive war against the Dutch being fought out in Canada .
But the blue uniforms of the American troops , the details of camp life , even what we glimpse of strategy and tactics , all recall accounts of the Civil War ( I could go to my collection of Civil War histories and pull down any number of books that echo what Wilson includes in his novel ) .
This echo is deliberate and is reinforced by the voice Wilson employs here ( which I 'll come back to in a moment ) , as in the Priest novel , it tells us that this is an America that has lost , or perhaps more appropriately abandoned , the moral , economic and social advances that came in the wake of the Civil War .
We are , once again , in an America without optimism , without success .
In this way , the very setting of the novel represents the end point of a tragedy .
From the mire of the Civil War the United States propelled itself to greatness , but has now fallen back to its starting point once more .
And nothing in the novel gives us any hope that the growth might one day resume .
None of these three novels leaves much room for hope .
Against this tragic backdrop , Wilson fashions a story that is itself a tragedy .
( One of the things that distinguish these three novels from each other is the character of the story they relate against surprisingly similar backdrops : Priest has a straightforward adventure plot ; Wilson 's novel is a tragedy ; and Bacigalupi has written a bildungsroman . )
Of course , we are meant to see the tragedy of Julian Comstock as being the tragedy of America ( though in that respect , his homosexuality seems an unnecessary distraction ) .
Advertisement
Julian and the narrator are boyhood friends , growing up together in a rural community miles from anywhere .
Julian is a member of the local gentry , Adam is far lower on the social scale ; as is the way in such stories , Julian 's easy - going friendship with and loyalty to someone far below his class is meant to show that he is one of the good guys .
Julian is , in fact , the nephew of the perpetual president , a man who behaves like a medieval monarch forever afraid that some close family member will usurp his throne ( there are some ways in which Wilson 's United States has regressed far beyond the nineteenth century ) .
Julian 's father , the popular victor in Mexico , has already been assassinated , which is why Julian has been secreted in this out of the way place .
When the war in Canada starts going badly ( the president depriving his generals of the resources they need for victory in case they use them against him ) , a draft is initiated which Julian fears is meant to put him in a position where he might be killed , so the two friends run away .
After a cross-country steam train journey reminiscent of the travels of hobos in the Depression of the 1930s , they end up joining the army anyway , with Julian signing up under the pseudonym of Julian Commongold .
Once in Canada , they see how ill - organised the army is , but in battle Julian proves to be extraordinarily brave and helps win the day .
Advertisement
Adam , meanwhile , has encountered a drunken journalist who encourages him to practice being an author by writing up his experience of the battle .
Since his taste in literature has been entirely shaped by the highly coloured work of a popular novelist , Charles Curtis Easton ( think Frank Reade or G.A .
Henty or , to show you the way my mind works , Fellowes Kraft in John Crowley 's Aegypt ( 1987-2007 ) ) , this account is very romantic and emphasizes Julian 's heroism .
Unknown to him , the journalist appropriates this account and uses it as his own report on the battle .
Further conflicts happen , further examples of Julian 's heroism , further colourful accounts appropriated as journalism .
Then the two , along with Adam 's new wife ( a wonderfully feisty Canadian who I always hoped would have a much more active role to play in the subsequent action than she in fact did ) , get the chance to return to New York .
Only as they land to a hero 's welcome do they discover that Adam 's accounts have been published and have turned Commongold into a national celebrity , and in the same moment the true identity of the hero is revealed .
This means that Julian is too famous for the president to act against him , but then the war in Canada takes another bad turn it is natural to call on the new hero to lead a force .
Naturally everything goes wrong , but Julian is coolly and inventively able to extract most of his force from the trap .
This is the trigger for a coup that deposes the old president and puts Julian in his place .
The trajectory of the tragedy has now reached its apex and events must commence their inevitable slide .
Behind all that has happened so far is another conflict , less bloody but far more crucial to what this novel is about : the struggle between the secular and the religious .
For Cherie Priest there was one person who instigated the collapse , which therefore relieves everyone else of moral responsibility .
For Paolo Bacigalupi , the collapse is a natural event with the fall out of which his characters must cope as best they can , they take no moral responsibility for cause of the collapse only for how they deal with its aftermath .
But for Robert Charles Wilson there is collective responsibility , everyone , effectively , is guilty .
The end of oil , which triggered the technological collapse , may be as natural an event as it is in Bacigalupi , but that is as nothing besides the moral collapse of the country .
Power in this future America is split between the secular government of a ( very bad ) president , and the religious government of a church militant .
The church is autocratic , puritanical , dictates every aspect of everyone 's life , is more powerful than the secular government , and the people as a whole are complicit in this power .
Since we see enough to know that the church played a major part in bringing about the current degraded state of the country , we know that the population of the United States as a whole shares moral responsibility for the collapse .
Advertisement
Julian 's tragic fall begins when he takes on the church .
This should not be an occasion for tragedy but rather for heroic achievement , except that he is the archetypal hero with a tragic flaw .
Partly this is his ( homosexual ) relationship with a renegade preacher ; but more significantly it is his obsession with the novel 's piece of fantastical technology .
Yes , this is a typical steampunk novel : there are no dirigibles , but there are steam trains ; there are cool costumes ( it 's not just the military uniforms that echo the Civil War era ) ; and there 's one fantastical bit of technology .
In this instance it is the cinema .
Not the cinema as we might understand it , but a rather delightful steampunk version in which a silent film is projected and live actors read the script , and in some curious echo of Bollywood no film , no matter how serious , is complete without songs .
Julian becomes obsessed with the idea of making a film about Charles Darwin , whose teachings are prohibited by the church .
This should be the crucial symbolic victory of science over superstition , except that Julian 's film is more and more caught up in the conventions of film making , the Beagle , for instance , is attacked by a sea monster and by pirates led by Darwin 's rival in love .
Not only that , but the more time Julian spends on his film the less he devotes to affairs of state .
The inventive and heroic war leader proves to be an indecisive and self - obsessed political leader , and the premiere of the film is not the triumph of the secular but the start of another collapse .
Boneshaker ends where it begins , in Seattle ; away from the poisoned city things are , presumably , better , but Priest 's individualist characters can find some sort of equilibrium even amid the gas .
Julian Comstock ends in Europe , which we barely glimpse but which seems to have escaped not only the religious chaos of America but also the worst effects of the technological failure .
Both are , therefore , distinctly and specifically American catastrophes , the American exceptionalism of 1950s science fiction neatly reversed .
The Windup Girl , however , portrays a global catastrophe .
The novel begins and ends in Bangkok , and never strays from that city .
We do not see America ( though it featured in some of the short stories associated with this novel ) , but what references we do pick up suggest it has fared better than some places , worse than others , in this post - oil world .
Advertisement
The Windup Girl feels both like and unlike the other two novels .
Like Julian Comstock it is set in a post - oil future , but the political and moral shape of this world is very different .
Like Boneshaker it circles around debased technology with a distinctly steampunkish sensibility ( there are airships ) ; but the steampunks really love the fire - breathing glamour of their devices ( remember the steam train enthusiasts I mentioned earlier ) , and there is no love for the tightly - wound springs that power this novel .
The treddle - operated computers , the murky algae tanks , the springs wound by genetically - modified mammoths are tiring , filthy , inconvenient and dangerous .
Practically the first thing we see in the novel is the devastation wrought when a device for winding springs snaps .
This is not a world where anybody is getting on , most people are barely getting by .
Advertisement
And if both Boneshaker and Julian Comstock use the Civil War as their base point , The Windup Girl has more recent and more literary references .
What we get is a cross between the depression - era fiction of writers like John Steinbeck and Graham Greene - type fictions of weary colonials exhausted and defeated by the alienness of the world around them .
The difference is instructive .
Even when war is not centre stage , both Priest and Wilson present things as a battle , their characters more concerned with fighting than with comprehending their world .
There is war in Bacigalupi 's novel , but it is off - stage , except for one brief flare - up at the climax that is concluded so quickly that it is clear Bacigalupi has no great interest in writing about it .
The Windup Girl , rather , is a novel in which economics is the great driver , the characters pay attention to the world because they have to find a way to make a living from it .
Yet in overall affect , The Windup Girl seems to sit squarely with both Julian Comstock and Boneshaker .
In each , we see our world falling apart around us , we see grim survival triumph over heroism , we see optimism for the future snuffed out .
The nature of the catastrophe may vary , but there is little doubt that catastrophe is all around and there is little point in hoping for anything else .
Advertisement
In The Windup Girl this is personified in Hock Seng , the old Chinese clerk who is first seen peddling away at a computer in the office of Anderson Lake .
Over the course of the novel we discover that he was once a rich and successful businessman in Malaysia , until nationalist rioting destroyed both his business and his family .
Now he is a yellow card alien , tolerated but not exactly welcomed in Thailand , with the possibility that his right of residence might be revoked at any moment , or that nationalist rioting might flare up here .
He lives alone in a slum , dependent ( as all yellow cards are ) on the goodwill of a crime lord ; he works in a demeaning position for someone he despises , he defrauds the company when he can , he hordes the cash he manages to amass in unsafe hiding places , and he schemes to regain some of his former wealth and power .
But he remains essentially powerless in a position where all security and certainty have been stripped from him .
It is a situation in which all the characters in the book find themselves to some degree or other .
The title character , Emiko , is an artificial woman from Japan , the home of advanced technology .
One of the common characteristics of science fiction that goes back as long as I can remember is the notion that whenever the world falls from technological grace , any pocket of advanced technology will be looked upon with fear and suspicion .
I 've never been entirely convinced by this supposition ; it seems to me that , particularly when there is a memory of a recent technological golden age , such pockets of advanced technology might actually be looked upon with wonder and desire .
Nevertheless , this is one of those givens of the genre , so we do n't ask too many questions .
Emiko arrived in Bangkok as the secretary and sexual companion of a rich Japanese businessman , but when he returned home he abandoned her .
Like Hock Seng , her legal position in the country is tenuous at best , and the local people could turn against her at any moment .
She earns a precarious living putting on a humiliating sex show in a local nightclub , where the club 's owner pays enough in bribes to the local police to keep her safe .
Still she dreams of escaping to a rumoured community of windup people , and when she meets Lake he seems to offer a potential escape .
Advertisement
Our third major character , Lake , is , like Hock Seng and Emiko , a foreigner whose status is questionable .
At first he appears much more secure than the other two : a rich American who has recently taken over a struggling factory making springs , he has government contacts , he spends his days drinking with other ex-pats and his evenings in seedy clubs .
But he is a spy for a genetics company wanting to steal the secrets of Thailand 's seed bank , an enterprise that inevitably puts him in danger .
The efforts of Hock Seng to steal from him and his growing obsession with Emiko both destabilize his position , but it is his own Machiavellian ambitions that eventually prove his undoing .
Against these there are two main
Thai characters , Jaidee , an upright policeman whose espousal of traditional virtues exacerbates tensions between branches of the Thai government , and Kanya , his lieutenant and eventual successor , a more morally dubious character who still comes to uphold his virtues .
It is important to recognize that none of these are bad characters , though all have questionable traits ; but in the circumstance each comes to use the others as way to their own economic or even physical survival .
What we see in The Windup Girl is how technological collapse ( the end of oil ) is inextricable from political , social and economic collapse , and that this in turn directly affects the moral and physical well - being of every individual caught up in it .
As the world falls apart , old moralities and beliefs have to be subject to constant revision .
Advertisement
All three of the novels , therefore , concern a world in which America cannot be the dominant culture .
Physical decay stands in for moral and cultural decay , the loss of American economic might implies the loss of military might ( only Julian Comstock directly addresses the notion of America as a military power , but all three imply that America can have no military standing beyond its own borders ) .
The Windup Girl suggests that , in biological terms , the rest of the world might have more reason for hope than the United States ; Julian Comstock specifically shows the rest of the world as politically and economically more stable and secure than the United States ; Boneshaker displays no awareness of the rest of the world , though this in turn indicates a country turned inward upon its own misery .
Morally , Boneshaker offers only two villains , one of whom has been written out of the story before the novel even opens , the other is almost pantomimic in his villainy .
All other characters , though they represent shades of moral worth , are essentially old - fashioned Western individualists .
This is an America wracked by an unending Civil War and , within the specific locale of the novel , ripped apart by an irruption of the supernatural , but in essence it remains true to American conceptions of its own worth .
It is only the two novels set in the future that directly question this worth .
In Julian Comstock all of America is complicit in its own downfall because of its allegiance to religious authority .
In The Windup Girl , moral standards have changed in the changing world circumstances , but those circumstances have in turn prompted a re-evaluation of American self - worth ; manifest destiny is clearly a thing of the past .
Advertisement
In effect , what these books propose is that the past is a model for the future .
It may be the past of the Civil War or the past of the great depression , but those traumas are the shape that coming Americas must take on .
The tragedy that provides the trajectory of Wilson 's novel is , on a macro level , what all these novels foresee for America : a downward slope must come , and come soon .
It is not a new perception for American science fiction , but it is interesting that three out of five of the novels shortlisted for the genre 's leading popular vote award should all share this vision .
This post by Paul Kincaid originally appeared in a longer form ( split into four parts ) over at Big Other .
Read the four parts in their entirety here , here , here and here .
What Eisenhower Could Teach Obama Editor ’s Note :
This is Part I of a series by former CIA analyst Melvin A. Goodman addressing the presidency and the Pentagon .
Part II will deal with President Obama ’s difficult inheritance of two wars in addition to a war on terrorism as well as the legacy of presidents who contributed to the militarization of national security policy .
Part III will deal with President Obama ’s mishandling of this inheritance and what the Obama administration needs to do to reverse the situation : Fifty years ago , President Dwight D. Eisenhower told his senior advisers in the Oval Office of the White House , “ God help this country when someone sits in this chair who does n’t know the military as well as I do . ”
Several months later , he issued his famous warning about the military - industrial complex .
Email
Printer friendly Now the United States finds itself in a cul - de-sac , with no way out of increased military deployments and expenditures , and no evidence that President Obama has a firm hand on the national security tiller .
A central problem for the nation is the increased power and influence of the Pentagon over the foreign and national security policies of the United States .
No president since Eisenhower has fully understood the Pentagon ’s dominant position in military and security policy .
Armed with his knowledge and experience as World War II ’s Supreme Allied Commander in Europe , Eisenhower made sure that he could not be outmaneuvered by his military advisers , particularly on such key issues as the Vietnam War and tensions with the Soviet Union .
However , his immediate successors thoroughly bungled the decision - making process .
President John F. Kennedy never understood that the Pentagon anticipated the failure of the CIA in Cuba in 1961 and expected to use its air power to finish the job .
President Lyndon B. Johnson knew that Vietnam was a fool ’s errand but failed to challenge the pleas from the Pentagon for more force and additional troops – or the strategic views of the Rostow and Bundy brothers .
By contrast , Eisenhower ignored the hysteria of the bomber and missile gaps in the 1950s , claimed by Senators Stuart Symington and Kennedy as well as by such key advisors as Paul Nitze .
Nitze had unnecessarily heightened concerns about U.S. security in National Security Council Report 68 ( known as NSC - 68 ) in the late 1940s , and he was the chief author of the overwrought Gaither Report , which called for unnecessary increases in the strategic arsenal .
Eisenhower ignored these advocates for increased defense spending and even cut the military budget by 20 percent between 1953 and 1955 on the way to balancing the budget by 1956 .
Eisenhower started no wars and was willing to settle for a stalemate in ending the Korea War .
Eisenhower clashed with the military mindset from the very beginning of his presidency .
He knew that his generals were wrong in proclaiming “ political will ” as the major factor in military victory .
A five - star general , Eisenhower would have shuddered when four - star General David Petraeus , like so many military commanders of recent decades , proclaimed last week that U.S. political will is the key factor for success in Afghanistan .
How Much is Sufficiency ?
Eisenhower knew that military demands for weaponry and resources were always based on inexplicable notions of “ sufficiency , ” and he made sure that Pentagon briefings on the Hill were countered by testimony from the national security bureaucracy .
Henry A. Kissinger was one of the rare national security advisers and secretaries of state who understood Eisenhower ’s point of view .
During the ratification process for the SALT I agreement in 1972 , Kissinger countered conservative and military opposition to SALT and the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with two questions they could never answer :
What is strategic sufficiency ?
What would we do with strategic sufficiency if we had it ?
In his Farewell Address in 1961 , Eisenhower warned that the United States should not become a “ garrison state , ” but nearly 50 years later we have developed a garrison mentality with unprecedented military spending ; continuous military deployments ; hyped fears about “ Islamo - terrorism ” and now cyberwars ; and exaggerated aspirations with regard to counterinsurgency and nation - building .
Eisenhower understood that it was the military - industrial complex that fostered an inordinate belief in the omnipotence of American military power .
Eisenhower made sure that the Pentagon and the Dulles brothers , who were in command at the State Department and the CIA , respectively , did not over - reach with the U.S. role overseas .
Finally , although Eisenhower signed off on some aggressive , even violent , CIA operations , such as in Iran in 1953 , Guatemala in 1954 , and the Congo in 1960 , he did not authorize the more grandiose actions that characterized later presidencies , the likes of Kennedy ’s Bay of Pigs ; Johnson ’s Vietnam ; Reagan ’s Grenada ; Bush II ’s Iraq ; and now Obama ’s Afghanistan .
Eisenhower opposed and reversed the British - French - Israeli invasion of Egypt in 1956 , and withstood criticism for not assisting the Hungarian uprising weeks later .
Thirty years after the fact , President Ronald Reagan joined in criticizing Eisenhower ’s restraint regarding Hungary .
With the possible exception of President Richard Nixon , no recent president has understood the military mindset and was willing to limit the military ’s influence .
Democrats , such as Kennedy , Johnson and Bill Clinton as well as Republicans such as Reagan , George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush deferred too readily to the military ; devoted too many resources to the military ; and often resorted to the use of power instead of diplomacy and statecraft .
Now President Obama has found himself in a position where the military wields far too much influence on Capitol Hill ; controls too much of the depleted U.S. Treasury ; and has the leading policy voice on both security and diplomatic issues .
Obama proclaims Reinhold Niebuhr as his favorite philosopher .
But he would do well to take heed of the philosophy and advice of Eisenhower , who had a far better understanding of America ’s infatuation with military power .
Melvin A. Goodman , a senior fellow at the Center for International Policy and adjunct professor of government at Johns Hopkins University , spent 42 years with the CIA , the National War College , and the U.S. Army .
His latest book is Failure of Intelligence : The Decline and Fall of the CIA .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
News that raging atheist Christopher Hitchens canceled his book tour for his Hitch - 22 memoir to deal with throat cancer , has prompted some hot debate on conversions in dire distress .
( Yes , I know , the phrase is " deathbed conversions , " but , please , he 's just begun treatment . )
Believers such as Francis Phillips in The Catholic Herald , muses that Hitchens , the " Scourge of God " might change his tune on the almighty and fire up some prayers .
Find Faith & Reason on Twitter , Facebook
Phillips is promptly blasted by comments who call the flippant conversion post " self - centered , childishness " and by atheists who point out that perhaps the lesson to be found is in how many atheists go confidently to the grave certain that it is , indeed , the end .
Rod Dreher at Beliefnet.com suggests folks join in
... praying for his healing , body and soul .
Somehow , I doubt the author of God Is Not Great would object ; cancer has a way of humbling one in this regard .
Anyway , he suffers , and has more to suffer , and needs us to stand with him in whatever way we can .
George Berkin , who writes for the online N.J.com site of the Star - Ledger New Jersey Voices -- blogs by staff and local opinion leaders -- comes down on the God side of the scale with a much heavier hand .
It would be a huge blow to Hitchens ' ego ( as it is to any ego ) to admit that he 's been wrong these many years .
But Hitchens ' rebellion against God has been so public that God may require a very public humbling .
But maybe
God is doing it this way because he desires that Hitchens give up his " god , " that is , Hitchens ' pride in being different from the run - of - the - mill mortal .
Maybe
God is doing it this way so that Hitchens can encounter the God he has been denying for so long , before eternity sets in .
At Atheist Nexus , unbelievers are ignoring the prayer brigades ( except for the insulting remarks about " humbling " ) but stepping forward with their own best wishes .
One poster , identified as Asa Watcher , writes .
... abandonment of faith does not mean we 've abandoned hope .
It does not mean we abandon respect and love for this guy .
It does not mean we deny the deep human feelings of empathy that we are capable of , or the belief that CH can get a feeling for our collective hurt , our broken hearts .
It is nice to think that , together , we can make things better for CH .
And , really , there is no reason to think that we can't .
Nothing wrong with sharing the strength of our positive thoughts .
Of course , there probably are no qualitative studies on deathbed conversions -- for obvious reasons .
The studies tend to show people do n't necessarily take a sudden turn to a spirituality they never held before , although some fallen - away believers may revive the faith they once followed and find comfort and strength within it .
Will you be sending your best -- be it prayers or thoughts , to Hitchens ?
And what is your view on how conversion works ?
Is it a sudden reversal in a time of trauma or a slow reworking of your soul ?
Can it be both ?
June 21 , 2010  --
The company that brought us the Frito Bandito is battling real - life bandits who are circulating fake Doritos coupons on the Internet , likely costing Frito - Lay millions of dollars .
The phony coupons , which offer consumers a free bag of Doritos tortilla chips without buying anything , first showed up on Web sites in 2009 , but were quickly removed after Frito - Lay notified site owners , according to company spokeswoman Aurora Gonzalez .
Similar coupons have surfaced in the last two months and have spread through e-mail .
Now the coupons are turning up by the thousands at retailers across the country .
" It 's exponentially larger than any other fraudulent redemption we 've seen before , " Gonzalez said .
Frito - Lay has dealt with counterfeit coupons in the past , but this case is different .
The coupons have been distributed as an attachment to e-mail messages , which people forward to their friends to pass on what appears to be a good deal .
Eventually , the coupons get forwarded so many times that the scam becomes so widespread it 's difficult to stop and nearly impossible to trace .
Bud Miller , executive director of the non-profit Coupon Information Corporation , said most coupon scams get stopped before they have a chance to do much damage , but they can be very costly .
" A single counterfeit , if it goes viral , can easily cost a million dollars , " Miller said .
Both Frito - Lay and retailers are sharing the costs of the fraudulent coupons as Frito - Lay tries to educate retailers and consumers about the fakes , Gonzalez said .
Making sure retailers know about the coupons and can accurately identify them is a daunting task .
" When you think about how many stores there are and how many people there are working in the stores , you have to reach a lot of people , " said Gonzalez , who declined to say how much money the company has lost to the scam .
Since the coupons have been circulating online and in e-mail , Gonzalez said Frito - Lay is trying to leverage the same technologies to stop the scam .
They have posted an image of the counterfeit coupon next to a legitimate one on the homepage of the company 's website .
It shows elements of the coupons that could be used to identify them as fakes , such as not including specific ounce weights for the product , and not requiring any purchase to get the free bag of chips .
The Coupon Information Corporation , which fights coupon fraud , issued a public service announcement alerting people to the fake Doritos coupons in May .
They offered a $ 2,500 reward for any information about the people behind the scam that leads to successful prosecution .
Miller 's organization regularly issues these public service announcements for coupon fraud on their website , cents - off.com .
According to Miller , coupon fraud is common .
The CIC has dealt with over 200 cases of coupon fraud since the beginning of the year .
Energy drinks such as Amp , Red Bull and Monster have been the most frequent targets of fake coupons , but counterfeiters have also targeted Listerine mouthwash , Ben and Jerry 's ice cream , and Friskies cat food , to name a few .
Nothing is unique about the Doritos case , Miller said , other than the volume of coupons used and number of retailers affected .
These issues have Frito - Lay especially concerned .
" We 're concerned about its scale , " Gonzalez said .
" We see this as a potential trend and new direction in fraudulent coupons . "
Gonzalez noted that if scams like this one become more common , manufacturers will have to rethink their coupon strategies .
" Ultimately , this could have an impact on consumers , " Gonzalez said .
Here are some tips from Miller on how to avoid fraudulent coupons :
Never pay for coupons .
Counterfeit coupons are often for sale on eBay or other websites .
" Coupons are free , " he said .
Never use " free product " coupons from the Internet because they are frequently fakes .
Manufacturers almost always require consumers to buy something to get an item free .
Never use a coupon that you can see the entirety of on your computer screen .
Legitimate coupons are partially obscured on the screen to prevent multiple copies form being made .
The thousands of mine shafts that pockmark the Sierra Nevada and testify to California 's Gold Rush riches have also left a legacy of toxic contamination in some of the state 's popular recreation areas , according to a new study .
Soil tests on a handful of trails near mine mouths in the foothills have revealed extremely high levels of lead , arsenic and asbestos , said researchers at the Sierra Fund , a small environmental advocacy group .
The naturally occurring minerals were pounded to dust generations ago and carted to the surface , where they are now stirred up and inhaled by hikers , off - roaders , bikers and horseback riders .
The Gold Rush " not only brought wealth and hundreds of thousands of people to California , it also brought mining machines that ripped down sides of mountains and tunneled thousands of feet into rock , leaving behind arsenic and lead , " said Elizabeth Martin , chief executive of the nonprofit group .
" This is the longest neglected environmental problem in California . "
While their analysis was limited to 80 samples from 11 trails and recreation spots in the Foresthill , Downieville and Nevada City areas , the group says California 's 47,000 abandoned mines pose significant threats to public safety , particularly in the dry summer months when families flock to the foothills .
" A lot of people are aware that their kids can fall into a hole at an old mine .
But they do n't know that asbestos fibers can lodge into their lungs or lead can be absorbed into their skin , " Martin said in an interview Tuesday .
For that reason , the group said additional testing must be done in select areas where historic mine waste intersects with well - trafficked trails .
The fund is also pushing for warning signs and , in some cases , restricting access to public trails with high levels of hazardous minerals .
Federal attention
So many mines are scattered across different landscapes and under various ownership that it is unclear who would coordinate such an effort and how - not just in California but across the country .
With development and recreational activity encroaching on remote areas , the problem has gained the attention of federal authorities .
A federal audit in 2008 charged the Bureau of Land Management , which controls a number of abandoned mining sites in California , Nevada , Arizona and other states , with endangering public health by failing to clean up arsenic , lead and mercury near the shafts or to erect barriers around them .
In the Rand Mining District outside Los Angeles , the inspector general of the Interior Department found piles of toxic mine waste in residential areas as well as biking trails awash in arsenic particles .
That same year , the agency closed about half of the Clear Creek Management Area , a 31,000 - acre off - road vehicle paradise in the hills outside of Hollister , after a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency report said waste from the defunct asbestos mining in the area posed a serious risk to those who work , camp , hunt and ride on the property .
Above safe levels
In the Sierra Fund 's study , researchers reported levels of arsenic , asbestos and lead well above levels deemed safe for human exposure .
At the Foresthill Off - Highway Vehicle area near the Marall Chrome Mine pit , science director Carrie Monohan said lead levels were nearly 18 times the state and federal standards , and 40 percent of the soil samples showed asbestos contamination .
Asbestos , a mineral that shows up in nature as bundles of tiny , twisty fibers , is of significant concern because it can embed in throat and lung tissue , causing cancer and other respiratory diseases .
Difficult to clean up
Because of the diffuse nature of the hazardous minerals in surface soils , they are almost impossible to clean up , according to David Christy , spokesman with the Bureau of Land Management 's Central California division .
" The technology is a challenge , " he said .
" The approach to cleaning up mines is steam cleaning them and cementing over them , and that costs a lot of money . "
Under President Obama 's federal stimulus plan , California received about $ 20 million of the $ 73 million set aside for cleaning and maintaining abandoned mines nationwide .
Some estimates peg the number of abandoned mines in the United States at 500,000 and the amount needed to detoxify them in the billions .
I know what I 'm going to have nightmares about tonight ..
Thanks so much for putting this in my head .
Beer has come a long way since the days of the cask and leather flagons .
In fact , the decision about what to put beer in for storage has plagued people for centuries .
Before the days of refrigeration , before the days of pasteurization , beer storage was an issue .
Beer had to be drunk quickly to keep it from spoiling .
The idea of putting beer in bottles was developed by a monk several centuries ago .
He had put beer into a wine bottle to take on a picnic and left the beer in the bottle for quite some time .
He came across it again much later in the beer was still fresh .
That was beginning of bottled beer .
Sealing the beer bottle was the next big issue .
Beer makers tried everything from wax to cork .
The cork solution lasted hundreds of years , until wire loop closure was developed many years later .
For a long time beer bottles were short , bell shaped and clothed with wires like mason jars .
Most beer makers embossed the name of their beer right into the bottle .
This was before the days of labels , and embossing was the only way to let people know what kind of beer they were drinking .
Embossing was used to label beer bottles well into this century , before the paper label was developed .
Over time , the shape of the bottle changed , becoming thinner and taller , looking more like the beer bottles we know today .
Beer bottles stayed brown or green until the present - day .
This was mainly because refrigeration was not invented for quite some time .
With out away to keep the beer at a steady temperature , keeping direct light out of the bottles was important to keep the beer fresh .
After refrigeration was invented , it was n’t important to keep the bottles opaque any more but many beer makers continue to make dark bottles out of tradition .
Only recently have companies started to buck tradition by making clear beer bottles .
Most of the clear bottles are import beers such as Corona and wine coolers and blended beverages such as Zima .
Another theory about why beer bottles are brown has to do with the glass making process itself .
This one has never been proven , but many people say that in past centuries it was much harder to make clear glass but it was to make colored glass .
Apparently , crystal clear glass requires processes that were not developed until the industrial age .
Regardless of which reason you think is most accurate for why beer bottles are brown , the fact remains that the tradition is hard to shake .
People are used to seeing brown bottles of beer , and new beers that are marketed in bottles that are any color besides green or brown have a hard time being successful .
It is a fact that modern - day beers made in America do taste fresher and more flavorful in brown bottles .
Many American beers still lose their texture and flavor if exposed to direct sunlight .
One good thing about everyone using the same brown bottle glass is that it makes it easier to recycle the glass .
Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook 's Founder and CEO said “ We ’re really delighted to be in partnership with the British government , in order to harness the energy and ideas that Facebook users have to help the UK public save money .
The Government ’s willingness to reach out and engage with Facebook users is going to go a long way .
It ’s really innovative to open up policy making and engage the public in this way to try and create more social change . ”
Ten years ago , in tears , you turned your beloved dog over to the Bellevue Humane Society .
You had to move and your 3 year old dog could not go with you .
The workers said that you ( a man ) cried as you left her there .
You even told the folks at the humane society that she was half chow , half lab …
One look at this fuzzy brindle pooch and you knew there was no such thing as a brindle chow OR lab .. but there are brindle pitbulls … with a pit face , funny looking tiger stripes and lots of fur , I ’m certain you thought this was going to be the end of the line for her .
What you need to know is that my best friend adopted her .
My friend called me and said , “ now , you have to get past her looks … she REALLY is sweet . ”
Sure enough , she was sweet and for the next 10 years of her life lived the life you had hoped she would have .
Her life was filled with swims , playmates , early morning walks , car rides , hikes and lots of love .
She died in her bereaved owner ’s arms last Saturday , succumbing to the affects of advanced liver disease .
When she was adopted , it was obvious she had been loved and cared for .. impeccable manners , good basic training and she really wanted to please .
I hope you see this post so that you know that you did the right thing in surrendering her and can stop wondering .
She lived the life she deserved .
from best of craigslist
I ’ve been really enjoying the ongoing Flash series despite the frustration and disappointment of Flash : Rebirth .
It ’s as if “ The Dastardly Death of the Rogues ” is being written by Geoff Johns , and Flash : Rebirth was written by the mirror Geoff .
Or in a multiverse context , the Geoff Johns of Earth - 3 .
Also surprising : Johns seems to have remembered an old saying about writing comic books :
Every issue is somebody ’s first .
A few deftly placed lines of dialogue spell out the key details of the story so far : Boomerang ’s status and new abilities , who the Renegades are , what file is missing and why , etc .
Considering this is part 4 of a 6 - part story , I suspect most writers today would n’t have bothered .
Francis Manapul ’s artwork continues to be the highlight of this book .
The Flash stands or falls ( runs or stumbles ? ) on pacing and the reader ’s perception of speed , and Manapul delivers .
This time around , the stand - out panels are splash pages in an effort to rescue pilots from a damaged helicopter .
( One nice easter egg : in the background of that double - page spread , we see the bridge that Wally West rebuilt back in “ Crossfire . ” )
I ’m neutral on the “ Flash Facts ” pages , though if they ’re going to keep using them to spotlight the villains , I like the way they link the real tech with the comic - book tech .
Last month it was “ How Boomerangs Work ” and “ How Captain Boomerang ’s Boomerangs Work . ”
This month it ’s mirrors and Mirror Master ’s mirrors .
Some of the luster is beginning to fade , though .
The structure is starting to feel formulaic : Barry Allen keeps fighting the Renegades , and every battle gets cut short one way or another .
Every issue has a major super - speed feat , which individually manages to be extremely cool , but gets repetitive four issues on .
I think the main thing that disappointed me about this issue was the revelation behind the murder mystery .
Sure , it ’s one of the few explanations that fits Barry Allen ’s character , but it also violates the expectations set up in the first half of the story .
To say any more , I ’ll have to break into … .
SPOILERS !
.
.
.
According to the future Top , when the Rogues break that giant “ In case of Flash , break glass ” mirror , the “ Mirror Lords ” will break loose and possess Iris Allen , turning her into Mirror Mistress , and the only way to break their hold is to kill Mirror Master .
So , um , yeah .
Mirror Lords .
All right , it ’s not that much hokier than “ Captain Boomerang ” or “ the speed force , ” but even though I ’ve been reading The Flash for decades and have gotten extremely used to some silly names and costumes , the term jumped out at me in a way that “ The beings who live there ” would n’t have .
More importantly , introducing possession this far into the story breaks expectations .
We ’ve got time travel , super - speed , and fantastic weapons established at the beginning , setting up a certain expectation of what is and is n’t valid in this corner of the universe .
And then suddenly demonic possession shows up ?
That ’s like doing a street - level , hard - boiled Batman story and then bringing Zatanna in for the finale .
Sure , it works in the wider context of the DC Universe , but feels like a cheat in the narrow context of the individual story .
( Also : I know it ’s a fairly standard trope , but the plot device where killing the spellcaster undoes the spell tends to bug me . )
On the other hand , I really want to know what Iris found in that file .
Judging by her reaction , I ’d expect some sort of police cover - up rather than simple negligence , with one of the higher - ups ( Singh is too obvious a choice ) involved , or possibly someone Barry knows personally like Forrest or Frye .
I ’d actually find the story a bit more satisfying if this case turned out to feed into the reason the Renegades are here …
Because the reason they give does n’t add up .
They ’re not allowed to change history , but they are allowed to arrest someone before he commits a crime … which changes history .
Something tells me the future Top has n’t been entirely honest with Barry .
One last item : I have to give props to Brian Buccellato ’s coloring as well .
Sure , the Flash is kind of dark , but he makes effective use of contrast between the dark blues of the Rogues ’ hideout and the warm reds and yellows of the sunset battle between the Flash and Captain Boomerang .
Another good example are the two major speed sequences : rescuing the helicopter pilots and collecting the boomerangs .
When we see time from the Flash ’s perspective , everyone else is in muted colors .
When we jump back to real - time , it switches back to full color .
It ’s a simple technique , but it gives it a sort of “ bullet time ” feel , despite being entirely made up of still images .
Share
Get Quote : BP Financials : Latest Results Rank : 4 ( Previous rank : 4 )
CEO : Anthony B. Hayward
Employees : 80,300
Address : 1 St. James Sq .
London SW1Y 4PD
Country : Britain
Website : www.bp.com
4 ( Previous rank : 4 ) Anthony B. Hayward 80,3001 St. James Sq.London SW1Y 4PDBritain BP rounds out the top three energy companies on our list .
Despite lower demand and falling prices , it managed to post hefty profits .
It 's also moving forward with a handful of new projects including a site in Indonesia that is expected to generate about 7.6 million tons of liquefied natural gas for export per year .
BP�s 2010 outlook is much less certain following the worst oil spill in U.S. history .
As of press time , oil continues to spew into the Gulf of Mexico from one of its offshore rigs .
BP has already spent billions of dollars to clean up the disaster , and has canceled shareholder dividends for the rest of 2010 .
The company has also established a $ 20 billion fund to compensate businesses impacted by the spill as civil and federal criminal investigations continue .
-- N.T .
Subscribe to Fortune Magazine
Tell us what you think about BP
Gemmy hails from Bristol , UK , a place that has been putting out some of the hugest dubstep tunes in 2009 and 2010 .
Along with mates Joker and Guido , they are the forefront of what is known as the “ purple ” sound in Bristol –
“ It ’s not a genre , but purple is the colour we all get along with , ” says Joker .
The three have a love for video games , synths , and huge basslines .
“ Maroon Chant ” is no exception–a ground - thumping bass that is complemented by a wonky atmosphere with an occasional , quick , gorgeous wobble .
The B side , “ Last Three Digits ” , has the same intense bass with great percussion .
Released on Earwax EAR014 , already sold out at Boomkat .
Maroon Chant / Last 3 Digits by GEMMY
I started this website in 2009 as a means of sharing my EDM findings with my friends .
Since then , the website has experienced an explosion in growth that I never once imagined .
This excitement and growth inspires me to make ElectroJams the # 1 source for new electronic music .
Lawyer in Iran stoning case ' missing ' Published duration 28 July 2010
image caption
The case has drawn worldwide attention
Rights group Amnesty International has accused Iran of persecuting a lawyer involved in the high profile case of a woman sentenced to death by stoning .
Mohammad Mostafaei , who is defending the woman , was called in on Saturday for questioning at Tehran 's Evin prison .
Amnesty says he appears to have gone missing after his release .
The authorities have since detained his wife and brother - in - law , it says .
Mr Mostafaei is a known critic of Iran 's judicial system .
He has defended many juvenile offenders , political prisoners and others sentenced to stoning .
Among his most high - profile clients is Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , who was sentenced to death by stoning following a conviction for adultery .
Although that threat was lifted earlier this month , she still faces execution by hanging .
The case has prompted outrage all over the world , and protests were held in a number of countries at the weekend .
The Iranian authorities have clearly been angered by the international campaign to save Ashtiani , says the BBC's Jon Leyne in Cairo .
The government has also put pressure on another lawyer involved in the case , as well as Ashtiani 's son , who has been campaigning hard for her release , our correspondent says .
Aids groups in South Africa have accused Fifa of banning the distribution of condoms at World Cup stadiums and other venues .
The Aids Consortium and other groups also criticised a block on the distribution of safe sex information at stadiums and fan parks , even though alcohol can be advertised .
South Africa has the world 's largest number of HIV carriers , with an estimated 5.7 million people infected – about one in every five adults .
There are around 1,400 new HIV infections every day and nearly 1,000 Aids deaths .
This has prompted calls for a health initiative to prevent the virus spreading as hundreds of thousands of football fans pour into the country for the World Cup , which starts next Friday .
The South African government says there are more than 71 m condoms currently in circulation , with a further 65 m available .
In March it was announced that Britain would give 42 m condoms to South Africa .
But Fifa 's tight restrictions on venues , where only official sponsors are allowed , will prevent fans gaining access to the condoms and to crucial health information , Aids organisations warned .
" To date Fifa has not permitted any civil society organisation to distribute HIV - or health - related information and Fifa has not provided any written confirmation that condoms may be distributed at stadia and within the fan - fests , " the groups said in a statement .
" This is despite the fact that commercial sponsors selling alcohol will have dedicated spaces available . "
The statement – from bodies including the Aids Consortium , Community Media Trust , Southern African HIV Clinicians Society , Section 27 and Treatment Action Campaign – added that Fifa had a " moral obligation " to work with local organisations " to protect both citizens and visitors alike from HIV infection , TB and the H1N1 virus " .
It said they had requested without success an urgent meeting with Fifa and the local organisers to discuss their concerns .
Fifa said it was not aware of any such requests , and that a meeting was under way to address the issues .
In April , South Africa launched the world 's biggest HIV testing and treatment programme , aimed at providing drugs to 80 % of HIV - positive people and testing 15 million people by the end of June next year .
The president , Jacob Zuma , earned praise for taking an HIV test .
" The World Cup is an opportunity to combine sport with messages about HIV prevention and healthy living that can be heard by millions of people , " the groups ' statement concluded .
" It would be a tragedy to miss it . "
Who is his copilot ?
I can't make that out .
Germans take cultural party on to motorway Published duration 18 July 2010
media caption Dancing in the fast lane , the people of the Ruhr take their party to the motorway
Germans have been throwing an enormous party on one of the busiest stretches of the country 's famous autobahn ( motorway ) network .
As many as three million people turned up for a giant banquet at picnic tables along 60 km ( 40 miles ) of motorway between Duisburg and Dortmund .
A radio traffic report quipped that the A40 / B1 had been closed due to " the longest table in the world " .
The Still - Life event was meant to celebrate the Ruhr region .
Party organisers said they had given away 20,000 tables to allow people to eat , drink , dance and perform plays into Sunday evening .
One resident living next to the A40 in Essen , Waltraud Weber , told German public broadcaster WDR she was pleased to have had an unusually quiet night before heading off to party with her family .
At midday German media reported that the A40 temporarily had to be closed to cyclists due to traffic jams and overcrowding .
The Ruhr , Germany 's former industrial heartland , is Cultural Capital of Europe 2010 .
Image caption
The causeway is completely submerged when the tide comes in
Dozens of partygoers were stranded overnight on a tiny uninhabited island after being cut off by the rising tide .
About 500 people walked across the causeway to Cramond Island in the Firth of Forth on Saturday after the party was advertised on Bebo and Facebook .
But by late evening up to 200 of them were cut off from the mainland when the tide came in and covered the causeway .
A rescue operation was mounted by Forth Coastguard and the Kinghorn and Queensferry lifeboats .
Police and ambulance crews were also called to the scene .
Some of the revellers were taken off the island by boat late on Saturday night , while about 70 managed to walk to the mainland when the tide went out again between 0130 BST and 0530 BST .
The remainder were picked up by boat when the island was again cut off from the mainland by the tide at 0530 BST .
The difficulties arose when the weather conditions deteriorated from a hot sunny day to a cold night with northerly winds and rain Angus MacIver , Forth Coastguard
Forth Coastguard said it had received 999 calls after many of the people who went over for the party forgot that the tide was coming in .
Several of those who were rescued had just been wearing T - shirts .
Coastguard watch manager Angus MacIver said : " We understood there had been a large gathering of young people on the island .
" The difficulties arose when the weather conditions deteriorated from a hot sunny day to a cold night with northerly winds and rain .
We were then concerned for their well being and the risk of exposure to the weather .
" Working with the police to ensure public safety , we assisted many of the young people to safety by escorting them across the causeway in the night , which had to be illuminated .
" In addition a further 50 were taken by Kinghorn and Queensferry RNLI lifeboats to safety . "
Some people suffered minor injuries from trips and bumps , but there were no serious injuries .
The Bebo page of 24 - year - old Stephen Zaccardelli , a DJ who helped organise the event , featured a warning to anyone planning on attending the party that they would need to leave the island by 2000 BST on Saturday if they did not want to spend the night there .
Mr Zaccardelli also wrote that there would be lighting and trained first aiders on Cramond , and encouraged revellers to use the provided bin bags to tidy up after themselves .
Cramond island is about a mile from the mainland and lies off the village of Cramond near Edinburgh .
Gerry Ryan died of heart attack – toxicology report
Gerry Ryan : no illicit substances found
A TOXICOLoGY report has found that broadcaster Gerry Ryan died of a massive heart attack , the Sunday Tribune has learned .
It is understood there were no illicit substances in Ryan 's system and that his family have been notified of the findings .
The broadcaster was found dead in a bedroom at his apartment at Upper Leeson Street in Donnybrook , Dublin , on 30 April by his partner , Melanie Verwoerd .
The GP who was called to the broadcaster 's home after his sudden death did not sign the death certificate , as the cause of death could not immediately be determined , but the early indications were that the broadcaster 's death was caused by a sudden cardiac arrest .
Because the death cert indicating a cause of the death was not issued , a full post - mortem and a toxicology screening had to be carried out .
The toxicology results were recently presented to gardaí at Donnybrook in a medical report from the pathologist .
This report will now form part of a garda file , which is being prepared by officers for a coroner 's inquest .
The inquest is not expected to be held until next year and it will formally confirm the cause of his death was cardiac arrest .
The file will also outline the garda inquiries into the circumstances surrounding Ryan 's death .
It will also include statements from investigating gardaí and from those who were first at the scene when his body was discovered .
His partner will be requested to give evidence at the inquest about her discovery of his body .
Garda inquiries at the scene indicated that there were no suspicious circumstances .
There was no sign of a struggle or forcible entry to the apartment and Ryan had no marks on his body .
Morah Ryan , from whom Gerry was separated , and the rest of the Ryan family are understood to be unhappy about some of the speculation in the media that Ryan did not die of natural causes .
A white police officer who shot dead a black man in a controversial case in Oakland , California , has been found guilty of involuntary manslaughter .
The family of Oscar Grant , the victim , expressed their disappointment with the outcome .
They had been hoping for a murder verdict .
Grant , 22 , was shot in the back by policeman Johannes Mehserle , 28 , while lying on the platform in a railway station on 1 January 2009 .
Mehserle claimed he had thought he had his Taser in his hand rather than his gun .
The shooting , which was shown on YouTube , led to a riot in Oakland , and there were fears of further trouble if Mehserle had been found not guilty .
Police were yesterday deployed in riot gear in case of any outbreaks of violence .
The case has become a cause celebre in the US , with its echoes of the treatment of Rodney King , a black man whose severe beating by police in LA in 1991 was captured on video .
The subsequent acquittals of four LAPD officers sparked the 1992 Los Angeles riots .
The verdict means the jury thought Mehserle had been criminally negligent but had not intended to kill Grant .
Mehserle , who is to be sentenced next month , could face anything from five to 14 years in jail .
John Burris , a lawyer representing the family , described it as a " compromise verdict " .
" The system is rarely fair when a police officer shoots an African - American male , " Burris said .
" No true justice has been given . "
The trial was held in Los Angeles because of the tension in the Oakland and neighbouring San Francisco over the shooting .
Andrew Warner :
Hey everyone .
I ’m Andrew Warner .
I ’m the founder of Mixergy.com , home of the ambitious upstart .
Every day I invite a different entrepreneur here to talk about how he or she built their business , to ask them questions like how much money did you make on your businesses , to ask them about their setbacks and how they recovered .
I do it all for an audience of entrepreneurs so that they can learn and go out there , build their own companies , and hopefully come back here and do an interview someday themselves .
Today ’s guest rescheduled at the last minute .
Fortunately , I noticed something interesting happen on Twitter .
The old debate between WordPress and Thesis broke out and I thought I ’d invite both founders , the founders behind both those companies , to come here and talk about what the argument is .
They both were past Mixergy guests , so I have them on my Skype and I was able to connect them .
The first guest is Matt Mullenweg , the founding developer of WordPress .
WordPress is an open source , freely available platform .
I was going to say for blogging , but it ’s for more than blogging .
It ’s used by sites like Mixergy and by the guys who create The Wall Street Journal ’s website .
WordPress , you know it .
The other side is Chris Pearson .
He is a developer of Thesis .
It is a theme that ’s built on top of WordPress .
Many people happily pay for Thesis .
It is used by sites like Copyblogger.com .
At issue is , as I said earlier , if Chris creates a theme that ’s built to work on top of WordPress , does he have to use the same GPL ( general public license ) that WordPress has ?
Just as important for me as a businessman , if he does , does it mean that Thesis , which many people today pay for , does it mean that it has to be given away as freely as WordPress ?
Those are the issues that I wanted to find out about .
I also was hoping to just bring them together in peace and harmony and be the person who would do that and get the credibility that comes from finally solving this Crips versus Bloods issue that goes on in the Blogosphere every once in a while .
I ’ll let you see if I did it or not .
I have to thank my three sponsors .
Shopify , thanks for paying for me to be able to do stuff like this .
Grasshopper , thanks for continuing to send those checks over .
PicClick , my buddy Ryan , congratulations on building that company .
Here is the program .
Andrew Warner :
Why do n’t we start with Matt ?
Can you give us just a short version of what the issue is from your side and then we ’ll hear it from Chris .
Matt Mullenweg : Sure .
WordPress is built on the license of a GPL that has enabled hundreds of thousands of people to build amazing businesses off it .
All it really says is that you can do whatever you like but anything built on top of the GPL must be GPL itself .
That ’s the crux of it .
There are over 10,000 GPL plug-ins .
There are several thousand GPL themes .
There are many GPL based theme businesses such as Blutheme , StudioPress , iThemes .
You had 80 on the show .
That ’s how the WordPress system works .
Andrew :
Your issue with Chris is that he ’s doing what ?
Matt : I do n’t have any issue with Chris .
Andrew : With Thesis .
Matt :
Thesis has stated publicly that they believe in a different interpretation of the GPL .
The GPL does n’t apply to them .
That WordPress ’ license does n’t apply and they do n’t need to follow it .
That ’s obviously harmful to the WordPress community and I would love them to join and be GPL .
Andrew : Chris , what do you say to that ?
Chris Peterson :
Well , I think let ’s look at this from a really rational perspective .
Matt said for instance , and has said on other occasions , that Thesis is harmful to the WordPress community .
I consider that a very interesting statement and one that needs to be examined simply because Thesis has over 27,000 users , many of whom were not introduced to WordPress except through Thesis .
Thesis has also , since its inception in 2008 and then prior to that , my legacy before that , has done a lot .
Pretty much , I would argue , has been the driving force in both premium theme and just theme innovation in general .
Thesis is responsible for the increased amount of attention that this particular aspect of websites has received .
Andrew : Chris , I do n’t really think Matt ’s arguing with that .
I do n’t think he is taking any credit away from the significance of Thesis and the functionality of it .
He is suggesting that if it is built on top of WordPress than it also needs to have the GPL license , and you ’re saying that it does n’t .
Right , Matt ?
Chris :
That ’s correct , but I think that my statement earlier and the point that I am making needs to be made .
He is saying that I am hurting the community , yet I am bringing thousands and thousands of people to the WordPress platform and increasing the functionality that they are able to get while using WordPress as their backbone .
I am wedding more people to WordPress by offering a fantastic functionality that they ’re not going to be willing to give up , switch , and go to Drupal or something else where they ca n’t get this .
That ’s important .
Andrew : Matt , what do you say to that ?
Matt : I ’d like to respond to that .
One he is n’t inherently hurting the community .
It ’s just that anyone violating the license is disrespectful to thousands of people that built WordPress and all of the other businesses that have respect for WordPress ’ license .
Twenty - seven thousand users are very impressive .
In terms of Thesis driving innovation in the world or their premium seat in the market , 27,000 users is basically four hours of WordPress downloads .
We do 100,000 to 150,000 downloads when we do releases .
WordPress is a community of over 25 million users .
Twenty - five thousand ; 30,000 ; even 100,000 ; would be impressive .
I do n’t think it ’s fair to say Thesis is responsible for WordPress ’ success .
Chris : I did n’t say that .
I did n’t say that Thesis was responsible for WordPress ’ success .
I said that Thesis was responsible for bringing a great number of people to the WordPress platform and wedding them to it by offering a superior functionality .
Matt : Superior to all of the themes ?
Chris :
A superior functionality to that which is offered by the platform without Thesis .
Andrew : So , it does help WordPress to have Thesis .
Nevertheless , Chris , what about the license ?
What about the GPL ?
Chris : Okay .
Let ’s think about this .
I could build , let ’s say I want to build a piece of software for distributing music .
Something like Last.fm or something along those lines .
In theory , this could be built in PHP and exist on any server .
There may be , just in theory , I could tie that into WordPress somehow and have people run that through a WordPress site .
I would have built this music product , my own thing , totally separate , and then decided to make it usable on WordPress .
In doing so , basically , this argument states that because it works on WordPress at all that it must inherit WordPress ’ license .
I think that is faulty .
I want to take this a little bit further and say , at what point does WordPress get to be the be -all end - all about what works with it ?
All it does is deal with front and backend database rights and reads .
Why does it get to determine everything else , even if the scope of another project that works with WordPress may vastly exceed the scope of WordPress itself ?
How much sense does that make ?
Matt :
So , basically , without Thesis , WordPress is n’t useful for anyone to create websites or have SEO or do anything ?
Chris : I did n’t say any of that .
Matt :
But it ’s just a backing system ?
It does n’t really have the scope of Thesis ?
I ’m just trying to understand this .
Chris : I did n’t relate that to Thesis .
I was merely saying that you could build any application about anything , tie it in , and make it work on WordPress , that should n’t necessarily dictate that it should inherit WordPress ’ licensing .
That does n’t make any sense .
Andrew : I think what Chris is saying is that if Last.fm or if Andrew Warner creates a plug - in or creates anything that enhances WordPress , do we then have to take the license that WordPress has ?
Is that right , Chris ?
Chris :
Well , not exactly .
I mean , I would say that plug-ins and really small , tiny bits of functionality that are totally dependent on WordPress , I do n’t really , well , I guess I ca n’t say that .
I do n’t think that it should have to inherit that .
Not a plug - in or something like that .
No .
Andrew : Now , is this an opinion or is that based on your reading of the license ?
Chris : Brian Wasylik an attorney in Florida has published an article called “ Why the GPL Does Not Apply to Premium WordPress Themes . ”
He cites a couple of court cases as precedents , one involving Nintendo and the other involving the Sega Genesis console .
If you think about it , the relationship between a console and a game is very similar to WordPress and a theme or WordPress and a plug - in .
In both of these cases , where precedent has been set , they determined that the console had no right to dictate what exactly these independent publishers making these games could do as far as their own licensing and stuff is concerned .
As far as this is concerned , that is some pretty much landmark litigation that is related to this case .
At least something that has actually been tested in court rather than just accusations and , ‘ Oh , well , we ’d prefer that most people would play ball the way that we want . ’
That ’s not good enough for me .
What ’s good enough for me is the truth .
Andrew : Matt , what do you think about that opinion ?
Matt :
Well , first of all , I believe that the person he ’s referring to was not Brian Wasylik it was actually Mike Wasylik .
Chris : I meant to say Mike .
Sorry about that .
Matt :
He is a foreclosure attorney in rural Florida .
I ’m not a lawyer .
Also , the Nintendo case , or whatever , which I think was from the 1980s or 1990s , has nothing to do with GPL .
GPL is a license .
When you build using other people ’s software , you have to respect the license that it ’s under .
For example , some software specifically states , it specifically states there ’s an exemption .
For example , LGPL software or Apache software that says , ‘ Well , if you build something on Apache you do n’t need to follow , there ’s no restrictions , you do n’t have to preserve the freedom of your users in building it , if you build a module for Apache . ’
If you build a module for Drupal or a module for WordPress or a theme for WordPress or anything like that , the license says that you do have to follow the GPL .
I think that it ’s just a matter of choosing the platform .
If you disagree with the GPL , just use a platform that does n’t have the GPL .
To clarify something , I ’m not a lawyer .
I ’ve read it .
I ’ve built GPL software for 8 to 9 years now .
The GPL is older than I am , or almost as old as I am .
It ’s a professional opinion .
The first person I ever talked to this about was Heather Meeker who is a very fancy intellectual property attorney in Silicon Valley .
She probably charges $ 500 an hour or something , but she is also the chief counsel for Mozilla and Firefox .
She is intimately familiar about the GPL , Mozilla ’s NPL , all of the licenses and how they work .
Recently , I went to The Software Freedom Law Center , which is the , sort of pro bono law group that has done all of the cases around the GPL .
There have been a few dozen cases around the GPL .
Some of them have had court decisions in Europe .
In the U.S. , every company that has brought a GPL case , including giants like Cisco , has decided to settle rather than try to challenge it .
The Software Freedom Law Center actually went very deep on this .
They downloaded WordPress .
They went through the code .
The looked at how themes work .
They looked at how themes use functions , how they use data structures , how they use the database , how they use all of WordPress ’ code and they determined that they did substantively link .
Chris :
Not all themes operate the same way .
Not all themes use those things the same way .
That ’s a very , very thin slice of what WordPress , of the way that interaction takes place .
That thin slice just does a massive injustice to any type of innovations that may usurp that originally established method of operation .
It does n’t leave room for massive fundamental changes in the way things operate .
Maybe enhancements in efficiency .
Different types of code or the way that code is actually served .
That ’s a very thin slice .
I do n’t see that holding up in court .
There ’s no way .
Matt : I think just one way to test it is , you know , take a screenshot of a website running WordPress without Thesis and then take a screenshot of a website running Thesis without WordPress .
It would be a blank screen .
It would n’t work .
That ’s just a very simple test .
Andrew :
What about this , Matt . . .
Chris :
That ’s the same thing if WordPress is running a theme .
It ’s a blank screen .
The same applies to both .
Just to put that out there .
Matt :
You could run anything .
Chris : Yeah , and without a theme at all WordPress serves a white page .
Andrew : Matt , when I had Chris on Mixergy you , in the comments , said that he can make one little change and he would be in compliance .
What is that change ?
Then I ’ll ask Chris how that would impact his business .
Matt :
He just has to say it ’s the GNU GPL .
That ’s it .
Andrew :
If you took that , Chris , how would it impact your business ?
Chris :
Well , I think it would have a variety of different impacts on the business .
The most important one to me is simply my right as an individual to put out some creative work that is independent .
WordPress did not empower me to write this software , I wrote all this stuff .
I thought about all this stuff .
I thought about all the data structures inherent to hosting a webpage .
I ’ve constructed this all myself .
I take great pride in that .
I , also , get a little bit defensive when all of that is attacked as if because WordPress existed prior to me coming up with all this stuff that is somehow have to adhere to something that was established beforehand .
That ’s not fair .
That ’s like charging our children with debt that we accrue now .
I ’m not in line with that philosophy .
I think that ’s terrible .
Matt :
What does that mean ?
Chris :
What does that mean ?
What ?
Matt : Yeah .
Chris :
Well , okay , so , I ’m going to go back to answering Andrew ’s question because , he said , how will .
. .
Andrew :
How would it impact your business ?
Chris :
One , it would require me to make a concession about something that I do n’t think that I need to concede to .
Why should I change ?
I ’m protected right now .
My work is protected , which it should naturally be .
I want to retain that right .
If I go GPL then I am ceding that right .
The number one issue for me is the personal concession that I would be making .
Not of any real impact to my business .
I do n’t want to make that personal concession , because I do n’t have to .
Okay ?
The number two thing in how my business would be affected is if I was to go to GPL that means that anyone can take my code and do whatever they want with it for any purpose they please .
Well , you know , I ’ve already seen this happen where people have tried to do this but they ’re not legal in doing so .
They ’ll take thesis and go sell it for $ 47 or undercut the price .
Why would n’t you do that ?
Many people like to talk about this argument and they ’ll say , ‘ Well , people sell iPhone knockoffs for cheaper , ’ or whatever .
It ’s not an exact iPhone though .
Sure , if you can get an iPhone for $ 50 instead of $ 400 you better damn well believe that you ’re going to buy that $ 50 iPhone , if it ’s the same iPhone .
But it ’s not , so Apple is protected .
In my case , Thesis , if it were GPL it could be the same Thesis .
You could be buying the same one for less .
Why would you pay my price ?
Why would you do that ?
That is opening up the door for a vulnerability that I do n’t have to open the door up to .
Why would I invite that kind of vulnerability knowingly into my life ?
That does n’t make any sense .
I cannot see a sane individual doing that , except for if they thought they might be able to gain more from the perceived exposure they ’ll get from WordPress .
There ’s something that people see .
I ’m not going to throw anyone under the bus here , but I know that Brian Gardner and others chose to go GPL because they thought it would be better for their businesses .
However , I ’ve gotten feedback from them about links that they have on WordPress and other things and they say it ’s not worth it .
I have to distill that information with my own feelings and it adds up to , ‘ Not worth it . ’
Matt : Can I respond to that ?
Andrew : Sure .
Chris : Sure .
Matt :
Well , first of all , regardless of promotion from WordPress or anything , I mean , you should respect the license of the software you build on because it ’s the right thing to do .
Chris :
How is that ?
I think that what I ’ve done stands alone outside of WordPress completely .
Why should I respect that ?
It ’s not that I do n’t respect WordPress .
I do .
I only build on WordPress and push people in its direction because I genuinely appreciate the way WordPress has evolved over the years and what development has occurred .
I like many people in the community , also .
Matt :
Thank you .
Chris : I ’m not disrespecting it .
You are claiming that I ’m disrespecting it .
None of my users , I promise , they do n’t think I am disrespecting WordPress .
They think I am making it better .
That ’s a very , very slanted opinion and one that you continue to perpetuate .
I argue that it is false .
Matt : Sorry .
I am just trying to finish my sentence .
I think that when you do n’t follow the license of someone who wrote something , it is disrespectful .
Just like if I downloaded your software and distributed it free , that would bother you because it ’s something that you made and you distribute it under a certain license .
If I violated that license , it would be disrespectful .
Number two , the second point , is that your business would be hurt somehow if people could , as you say , take your code and sell it for cheaper or something like that .
Two parts , I think that undersells Thesis to an extent .
I think that from what I ’ve heard about people who like Thesis , it is much more than just a code and a theme it is the forums , the support , the community , and all the things around it that make it valuable .
That is not something that someone in another country selling it for half - price is going to be able to duplicate because they do n’t have you .
Second , there ’s been every other premium theme developer and vendor in the world has already gone GPL and their businesses have been just fine .
I mean , WooThemes , what did they say on the show , over two million per year , more than that .
They ’re doing great .
If you are worried about that , I would just look to the other people who paved a path there and have shown that people who are n’t . . . . my personal opinion , this is n’t a legal GPL thing , just that people who do n’t want to pay for your code are going to pirate it anyway .
Businesses , people building on you , people who want the part of the platform will pay because they want to support it .
They want to see it continue to develop .
Finally , there is this point you keep bringing up that innovation is going to stop because of WordPress ’ license . . .
Chris : I did n’t say it would stop .
I said that the license does not account for innovation outside the scope of whatever lawyerly review was conducted on the software at the time .
Matt :
Well , I think that what ’s going on is that lots of innovation happens on WordPress .
It ’s all within , everything that I have seen , is all within the scope of the license .
You can have third - party services , I ’ve build two of them now Akismet and VaultPress , which create value on top of WordPress and they are paid services .
I remember at one point Viddler , which is a video hosting service actually used WordPress ’ user system as a base for their user system .
There are all sorts of different ways that you can build on top of GPL software and create a really fantastic business .
I just do n’t worry abut that much .
That ’s your primary concern .
Andrew :
It does seem like . . .
Chris : I said it was n’t my primary concern .
I stated that my primary concern was the fact that I would be violating something to myself .
It ’s something that I would be , I would be adopting a stance that I just do n’t agree with .
That I do n’t think is applicable to my situation .
I would , in a sense , be personally fraudulent .
I hold myself to that standard .
There is no way that I am going to operate in a manner that is incongruent with my character .
You said all these other theme developers did that , that ’s suggesting a game of follow the leader .
I think a brief examination of my history will show that I am anything but a follower .
Andrew : I think we have two different issues here .
The one is the conviction and the other is the business .
Let ’s talk just a little but about the business and then maybe we can find out , then I ’d like to dig deeper into the conviction that you have , that you each have , that you are walking the right path here .
Matt , I am looking at Thesis themes and he has a developer option here that allows developers to only install thesis on sites they own .
If you were to go GPL developers , could n’t they just install it on any website that they wanted to ?
Then would n’t that take a substantial amount of revenue away from Chris ?
Matt :
Well , they could do that now .
Andrew :
You ’re saying legally they could , even though he does n’t believe that .
Matt :
No , if they do n’t care about what he asks they could do that now .
He could easily say , ‘ Well , we only support one site if you have this license , ’ or something like that .
There are many ways you can do it .
The fact of the matter is just that you create something fantastic that creates added value for people , you ask them for money and believe that they ’ll pay for it .
Many other businesses , including the themes everyone else has developed for options and personal options , so I do n’t see that as a barrier .
Andrew :
You would suggest that he offer this under GPL and basically sell the support , the forums , and the connection to Chris , but not sell the theme itself ?
Matt :
You could even sell the theme itself .
There is nothing in the GPL that says it has to be free .
Andrew :
But if it is GPL , could n’t I just take a copy of it and offer it free on my website without him being able to stop me ?
Matt : Apparently , people are already doing that .
Andrew :
You ’re saying people are already . . .
Chris :
That ’s not an answer to the question .
Andrew : Could they , at that point would n’t he be ceding his legal right to that , to stop them ?
Would n’t he at that pint be saying , ‘ Yeah , you could . ’
I am seeing that WooThemes does have that issue since you brought them up .
I can get a WooTheme for free online .
I can also buy it from other people other than WooThemes .
There ’s a little bit of confusion when you do a search for WooThemes whom you are buying it from .
I can see some people buying it from someone who is not WooThemes and maybe even being a little but confused .
Matt : Sure .
That would be a marketing issue .
That could be a trademark issue .
Let ’s say I was going to download Thesis .
Let ’s say
Thesis was GPL , and I was going to create Antithesis and sell it on my site .
I would n’t be able to call it Thesis because Chris still has the trademark to Thesis , I assume .
Also , GPL does not invalidate your copyright .
In fact , GPL is built on copyright .
That ’s why if the GPL was not valid , no one would have the ability to use WordPress , because they would n’t have a right because it would all be copyrighted by its developers .
Copyright says that he could create other licenses if he wanted .
For example , Movable Type is available under a GPL license but also available under a proprietary license .
You could also create a separate license for the job descript images in CSS , which were determined not to follow under the GPL by The Software Freedom Law Center .
Andrew : I see .
What do you think about that , Chris ?
Chris : I mean , you know , we could talk all day about what applies and what does n’t apply .
For me , the bottom line is simply the fact that at this point , there has been so much hot air around this issue for so long and this ca n’t be understated or glossed over as if it is not true , my position in the market is pretty much at the top .
I am the most visible person in this space .
Everyone is gunning for me .
Everyone wants a piece .
If I open the door to letting other people profit off me , they are going to run and do that .
Right now , tons of people are still profiting from my work and doing extremely handsomely .
We have a lot more plans to enable these economies to develop around Thesis in the future .
I want to help people make money .
I do not want people making money off my good name and my good product , undercutting me , selling me for less out in the wild , and having the legal authority to do so .
That ’s a poor business decision if you ask me .
That ’s the only way to look at that .
Matt :
You are very , very lucky that the developers of WordPress do n’t feel the same way as you do .
Chris :
Why ’s that ?
Because WordPress exists and I ’m able to use it ?
Matt : Yeah .
Chris : I mean , I chose WordPress because it is the largest platform and has the least path of resistance to me and end user customers who are not familiar with any of these technical details , do n’t care about licensing terms , or anything like that .
They just want a website that works .
Matt :
Well , there are plenty of other non-GPL platforms out there .
You could build on any of them and not have any issues with violating the license .
Chris :
I guess my point in all of this is , if you are going to have a license , make it enforceable and enforce it .
If you ’re not , then do n’t .
This is all just a bunch of discourse over nothing .
Actually , I think all that it ’s doing , what it looks like , is enhancing my position and importance within the marketplace , which would seem to be a counterintuitive goal for you .
You ’d be better off saying nothing and trying to take me to court or doing something undercover , behind the scenes , something .
Instead , you chose to fight this thing out front that leaves many question marks on both sides of the fence .
I am not saying anything outrageous here .
I think a reasonable person would hear this conversation and be genuinely confused about the sate of things .
That ’s what I think .
You know , what does that really say about this whole thing ?
Matt :
Are you saying you want to be a test case for the GPL ?
You want us to sue you ?
I mean , that would break my heart .
I ’d rather you be part of the family .
Chris :
Right , you just want people to play ball exactly the way you want them to play .
However , I am asserting that WordPress does not have some kind of sacred position in the marketplace .
They are not the highest authority node up on the tree that gets to decide everything that happens underneath them .
That ’s preposterous .
I am not trying to do that with my customers .
I am just telling them that they ca n’t take my stuff , distribute it free , and violate my license .
That ’s all I ’ve said .
I am not trying to enforce anything else .
But you , you ’re trying to distribute your product in a free manner , to everyone , and then dictate who can do what one tier removed from your own authority note .
I mean you ’re two tiers away .
Two degrees of separation .
That ’s unbelievable that you ’re trying to dictate out on those terms after having such a flimsy license to begin with , that ’s unenforceable .
Andrew : Let ’s hear their response to that .
Matt : Wait .
For one , the GPL is on a flimsy license .
It ’s what Linux is built on .
It ’s the most popular license in all of open source software .
I did n’t write it .
It was written in the 1980s .
It is really quite strong .
Two , you said that the only restriction you put on your customers , users of Thesis , is that they ca n’t redistribute it .
The only restriction WordPress puts on their users is that they can redistribute it and if they build something on top of it , it should also be GPL .
That ’s just how licenses work .
You can say whatever you want in your license .
By someone using your software , they agree to it .
You can say , ‘ You ca n’t say anything bad about Thesis . ’
There is a constant management system . . .
Chris :
Thesis is not an end user for software though .
I do n’t repackage WordPress to redistribute that as a download .
It is a separate entity .
It does not inherit anything from WordPress .
It ’s preposterous .
It inherits nothing .
You see , the thing that really is bothersome about this is now that we are hearing this issue , there is no resolving it , either you sue me or you do n’t , or you continue to talk or you do n’t , but the problem that I have is now you have all these trolls .
All these WordPress people just slinging mud .
They ’ll believe anything you say , Matt .
You ’re an extremely , extremely high up authority figure in this market .
Anything you say at all can be taken by somebody with fervor and spread around like a disease .
You have an extreme responsibility to be accurate , factual , and to never overstep the boundaries of what you are saying because any of it can be use in a tortious manner , in just terrible ways that you probably never intended and certainly did n’t have malicious intent to begin with .
Matt :
Of course . . .
Chris :
I think you could do a better job of handling that from the top .
Look at these things from Andrew Mason just absolutely slamming me .
He does n’t know what he is talking about , but he is a WordPress developer so they just say whatever supports their cause .
This guy , Ryan C. Duff , just slinging all this mud .
I do n’t deserve this .
I do n’t deserve this at all , dude .
I do n’t sling mud at you and say , ‘ Oh , you do all these terrible things . ’
Then have an army of people slinging mud at you saying that you do n’t understand , you do n’t do this , you do n’t do that .
Put a stop to that .
It ’s terrible , dude .
I do n’t deserve that .
I mean , you know what I ’m saying .
I developed an honest product .
I ’ve been honest with all of my customers .
I ’ve done great things with WordPress since 2006 .
I have been arguably one of the top three most important figures in the history of WordPress .
You , Mark Jaquith , and myself , are the three people that I am talking about .
I just do n’t understand why you , in the position of authority you are in , allow it to be degraded to this little , ridiculous , personal level .
You ’re fine with all these ‘ top WordPress developers ’ . . .
Andrew : Let ’s give Matt a chance to respond to that .
Matt :
Thank you , Andrew , for jumping in there .
Well , first of all , I ’m struck by your humbleness in that you think you are one of the top three people to deal with WordPress .
I would definitely point to the people who write the software that gets use hundreds of thousands to millions and millions of times , particularly the core developers , which mason is one of , Mark Jaquith , Ryan Boren , who I think has 5000 connects to WordPress blocks .
These people to me are the people who are the core of WordPress .
Even in the premium theme market it looks like Thesis is under 10 % of the premium theme market .
There are just so many other alternatives out there that have really . . .
Chris :
I think that is a pretty impressive share considering how many premium themes there are .
Matt :
Well , less than 10 % of the premium theme market , which is less than 5 % of the total WordPress user base , less than 3 % actually .
You are looking at like 0.3 % on the very , very high end of users , and that ’s assuming that you have 50,000 to 100,000 users .
There are 25 million WordPress blogs in the world .
That ’s easy math to do .
Two , I do recognize as a leader of WordPress a very big responsibility .
That ’s why I reached out to Heather Meeker .
I reached out to The Software Freedom Law Center .
I reached out to the best minds that dedicated their lives to started the GPL , how it interacts with other software , how WordPress works , how themes works , etc. , to give an opinion .
Even though I had my own interpretation , I held off .
I went to the experts to look at this issue .
That ’s all .
I ’ve done my best to try to be accurate .
I really do believe that the GPL applies to all themes in WordPress .
Chris :
You accuse me of breaking the law publically , which I do n’t appreciate at all .
It ’s not factual .
It ’s not accurate .
Andrew :
Let me ask each of you a question here .
Matt , first of all , if Thesis is such a small part of the WordPress community as a whole and of even the premium theme community , can you just agree to disagree on this case and accept that he has a difference of opinion on this ?
Let him do business his way without confrontation ?
Matt : I think the issue there is that , one , it ’s a violation of the license and if we allow someone to violate the license so blatantly , so publicly , and he is not being quiet .
He does tell other people that GPL does n’t fly .
That it does n’t matter .
He ’s threatened . . .
Chris :
When I ’m asked .
Because people keep asking .
Matt :
They keep asking because it ’s a violation of the license and when you violate someone ’s license it is breaking the law .
It ’s a definition of breaking the law .
Andrew ;
So , if he agrees not to discuss this issue publicly , would you agree to step away from the issue and just agree to disagree and continue to just each do business without each other ?
Matt : I ’ve recently started to , because , you know , Chris promotes these things by pointing to premium users like Laughing Squid , Mapcuts , and such .
I ’ve recently started talking to these folks about why they chose Thesis .
Chris : Poaching my users basically .
He just bragged earlier about how Laughing Squid left the platform .
Matt , do n’t frame it like it is some generous thing that you ’re doing .
You ’re trying to poach the top users .
To hurt us from the top .
Do n’t act like it is not calculated .
Come on .
Matt : I ’m not poaching .
I ’m not making money from these people .
They just were n’t aware .
Chris :
It ’s not about money , Matt .
We both know that .
Matt : Excuse me .
Let me finish .
They did n’t know about the GPL issue .
You know , once they knew that it was in violation of WordPress ’ license , you know , this is obviously something that I think as more people are aware of the violation they probably might want to make a different choice with regards to the theme .
If that could encourage Chris and all that seems to matter is the bottom line , if that could encourage him to respect WordPress ’ license that would be a great outcome .
Andrew : I see .
Chris , here ’s a question I have for you .
If you could be convinced that you can take possession of Thesis , or at least the key parts of it that make it Thesis , and have some control over where Thesis goes and how people promote it so that the example that I gave about WooThemes would n’t apply to you .
I could n’t set up a Thesis knock - off website .
If you could be convinced that you could continue to do business under GPL , would you ?
Chris :
It ’s not that I think I ca n’t do business under GPL .
Andrew : I mean , maintain your revenue and profits .
Chris :
I think the license , the GPL , is at odds with how I want to distribute my software and what I want it to be .
I do n’t think that it necessarily should inherit WordPress ’ license when over 99 % of the code within Thesis is Thesis code base don the actual process of building a website .
Certain processes that occur in nature can be describes mathematically by code .
I am trying to describe it with code .
I am describing a process that exists separate from WordPress or from any piece of software that deals with website development for that matter .
It ’s its own thing .
Andrew :
You ’re a businessman .
Part of you does n’t want this .
You do n’t want Matt to go out to The Laughing Squid .
You do n’t want the threat of a lawsuit .
Is there a way that you can adopt the GPL , be whole with yourself , and maintain your business ?
If there were , would you feel comfortable doing that ?
Chris :
Well , I said , it ’s as simple as I do n’t think that some license that I did n’t come up with and do n’t really want to apply to my piece of software applies to this independent thing which is Thesis that exists , that I built .
Why should I , I do n’t think the GPL applies .
If I am just sitting here , in an insulated booth , in my own little world , I ’m not dreaming up that the GPL should apply to Thesis and I do n’t want it to .
That ’s what I am saying .
It ’s not about , ‘ Can it work ? ’
It might work .
I do n’t want it .
It ’s not how I chose to do it .
I am free to choose .
I have that right .
Andrew :
But your choice depends on what is good for your business and it does n’t seem to make sense to continue to battle the WordPress community or at least to battle Matt ’s influence in it .
Also , I know that you are a man of convictions ; I ’ve seen you say things on Twitter that I sat there reading and said , ‘ Well , why does he want to engage in that political argument .
It ca n’t be good for business . ’
But I realize , you know what , ‘ Chris wants to stand up for what he believes , even if it does n’t come across , even if it does n’t win him any new business . ’
You also have an open mind .
If you could be convinced that this is the right thing legally , would you be open to it ?
Chris : yeah , if I thought something was a better answer , absolutely .
I am always open to that .
The truth is , I had to think about this issue for a couple years now .
I put a lot of thought into it .
There was actually a time when I was pretty sure I was going to go GPL .
Andrew : Why ?
Why were you going to do it ?
Chris :
I believed that this whole concept of flow , there seems to be some gnashing teeth here between Thesis and WordPress .
Obviously , it seems better for all parties involved if there is just a natural flow and no gnashing of teeth .
A confluence of developmental direction and of what you ’re trying to achieve .
It seems to me that would produce a better overall result in the end .
However , however , I think any astute economic analysis of economic systems of the way businesses and economies actually work would very quickly notice that the GPL does some very inorganic things to what are otherwise organic systems .
From a systemic standpoint , on a systemic level , I disagree with the way that the GPL perpetuates economies .
Matt : Andrew , do you mind if I address that for a second ?
Andrew : Absolutely .
Matt : I just wanted to point out two examples .
One of the premium theme developers , WooThemes , got involved with WordPress .
I promote WooThemes all the time and they actually contributed code that later became WordPress 3.0 ’s menu system , which now benefits the whole community , including Thesis .
Two , you mentioned Bryan Gardner earlier saying that the only reason that he switched was that he thought he would get more business or something like that .
I think he did it because he thought it was the right thing to do .
He did just Tweet out that he thinks that , ‘ StudioPress has higher sales now ( being GPL ) with 100’s of competitors , than when Revolution was n’t GPL and had none .
My sales have increased since I went GPL .
I have zero regrets . ’
That ’s one of the original premium theme guys testify how his own business has gone .
Chris is a very savvy businessman .
I am sure he would do just fine and even better if I were able to point people to him .
Andrew : Chris , from a business point of view , does it make sense ?
Chris : What , the GPL ?
Andrew :
For you to adopt it , yeah ?
Chris : I do n’t know .
I thought I just explained that in detail .
I think that it produces skewed results in natural economic systems and I do n’t want to reproduce those skews into my . . .
Andrew :
That ’s more of a political , macroeconomic answer .
What about for your business ?
Chris :
I think that is how you conduct a proper analysis and chose what is good for your business .
By seeing how systems work and what consequences are when you introduce inorganic things into those systems .
When you introduce inefficiencies like the GPL on natural things .
Andrew : I see .
Is this coming from a libertarian point of view ?
Chris : I would n’t say at all .
I have no political affiliations like that at all .
Andrew : Okay .
Chris :
I am just someone who is very interested in economics , economic systems , also in systems in general .
Coding , the whole practice , is developing a system to describe another system .
All the system thinking that I do has me on a constant search for more information about systems and really trying to understand how they work .
I ’m not claiming that I ’m some kind of genius about systems .
I ’m not .
I learn something new every day and it is fascinating and wonderful .
When I encounter something like the GPL that seems contrary to many things that I have learned and experienced in my own life , yeah , I am going to be hesitant to adopt it because my learning and my experience suggest otherwise .
Matt : I do n’t know how to respond to that because I do n’t entirely understand what it meant .
But I can point to the examples in WordPress .
My own business brings in millions of dollars to WordPress businesses , many hundreds millions of dollars if you include the webhosts all complaint with the GPL .
Base don that data the GPL is not incompatible with flourishing business .
Andrew :
It seems , Chris , to violate your sense of right and wrong .
Do I have that right ?
Chris :
Yes , but it ’s no so much like a right and wrong in the context that most people get it .
I just think it ’s not the right way to set up a business and an economic system .
It ’s not like I think that , you know , this is n’t some moral debate .
I just wanted to make sure that everyone understands that it is definitely not on those grounds at all .
Andrew :
What would it take to convince you to adopt it ?
Chris : I mean , like I said , Andrew , I think the GPL is something that is artificial and improper to induce upon a system .
I do n’t think it is a good thing .
Nothing is going to convince me to do something that I think is a bad idea .
Nothing .
Matt :
Well , then why build on a GPL platform .
If you ’re right than WordPress is going to go away and go out of business soon .
Why not pick something that was n’t GPL ?
Chris :
Well , that may be true but number one , I ’ve been building on WordPress for a long time .
Number 2 , WordPress has the huge market presence that you talked about .
Its like , do you want to release a video tape for Beta or VHS ?
The smart one is for VHS .
Regardless of what I think about that .
It pays to mention , when I started Thesis .
I did n’t know about any of this .
I was n’t prepared for all this .
This has grown and this issue has grown , as this has happened I was already on WordPress .
I do n’t want these problems .
I just wish everybody would be quiet about the issue .
However , now that we , you know , have come to the point where we are , I understand more about the situation , others understand more about the situation , we ’ll be able to make some educated choices about the future .
What reasonable business person is going to say , ‘ I no longer agree with this , ’ and just cut the umbilical cord like that when you have thousands and thousands of customers .
No one would do that .
I encourage a little bit of sympathy and understanding for my position and exactly why I have n’t taken some sort of brash action .
I ’m trying to think about everyone involved here .
Andrew :
You ’re saying , this is your livelihood and you ca n’t do that to your livelihood .
Chris :
Well , I ’m not going to do that to the people who are relying on me to provide them with solutions .
Andrew :
You talked in your interview about all the people who are depending on Thesis and the company behind it .
Chris : Yeah .
Right .
Exactly .
Andrew : Matt , so if he does n’t back away from his position right now .
You ’re not going to sue him .
Right ?
You do n’t want to sue a member of the community .
You do n’t want to sue someone who is so well known and loved in this space .
Do you ?
Matt : I really hope it does n’t come to that .
Andrew :
Does that mean that you are thinking of doing it ?
Matt : Well , if in the WordPress community people started deciding that the GPL does n’t apply that ’s a very , very slippery slope .
Not just for WordPress but for all of open source .
Like you said , there has n’t been a court case yet in the United States because every company , including big ones like Cisco , have backed down .
If Chris wants to be the court case that proves the GPL , I am sure there are many people in the open source community that would love that opportunity .
Andrew :
What ’s your position ?
Do you want to do this ?
Are you thinking of doing it ?
Matt : I was n’t before .
However , it sounds like Chris , like a business argument is n’t going to change his mind .
It sounds like , you know , all the legal analysis from the biggest experts in the world is n’t going to change his mind .
Chris has just decided that the license does n’t apply to him and so he should n’t have to care about it .
That ’s breaking the law .
Chris : I mean , you know , when I was in college in Georgia apparently it was illegal , in the Georgia State Doctrine , it was illegal to get a blowjob in the State of Georgia .
But that ’s one of those laws that ’s never enforced .
That brings up a valid question .
What kind of law is it if it I unenforceable ?
Matt : I think it ’s the same kind of law that . . .
Chris :
Is a license a law ?
I ’m not familiar that it ’s a law .
I know it ’s a license .
I did n’t know it ’s a law .
Matt :
It ’s law .
It ’s the same law that you feel protects your work and your license and the distribution or not distribution of Thesis .
Yes .
I think it is completely valid .
It is also important on behalf of the WordPress community that has invested thousand of man-years in creating software under this license .
It would be disrespectful to all of those people who consciously chose to be involved in a project that used a GPL to say that the GPL does n’t matter , it can be violated , and it is n’t enforceable .
Andrew : Chris , what do you think about that ?
The threat of a lawsuit is n’t something that you want in your business .
That would also threaten your business and the people who depend on it .
Chris : I ’m not worried about threats .
That does n’t motivate me or sway me one way or the other .
If it happens , it happens .
I mean , I ’m ready .
I ’ve accepted the position that I ’m in .
I ’ve found peace with it .
I feel comfortable with my method of operation and where I stand .
If it happens , it does .
If it does n’t it does n’t .
I do n’t really care .
Andrew :
If you could be convinced that this is the right way for your business and the right away in general , would you change ?
Would you make this change ?
Chris :
What ?
To go GPL ?
Andrew : Yeah .
Chris : I ’ve explained it so many times .
No .
Andrew : No .
Chris : until I look at this and see or think and realize that there may be some kind of true distinct advantage without long - term problems and other things then I might .
But at this time , I think my method of operation is exactly congruent with my feelings about everything .
I feel good .
I am operating in a method that is harmonious with my existence and everything it has been about up to today .
Andrew : Chris , that ’s , I ’ll tell you why that ’s hard to hear , because it sounds like what you ’re saying to Matt is , ‘ Unless you guys come at me full force , I do n’t have enough incentive to change and I do n’t want to change .
I ’m not going to . ’
Chris : I mean , I guess that ’s that if you ’re going to be upset about something and say that somebody is breaking the law and whatnot I suggest you back that up with some real action .
Otherwise , it ’s just idle threats .
Andrew : Chris , why are you saying that ?
You ’re saying , ‘ Sue me . ’
Chris :
I ’m not saying , all I am saying is that if you are going to hurl accusations you should back them up .
All I am saying is substantive evidence .
Every empirical claim should be and must be backed up with actual evidence and facts or it is based on nothing .
It is nothing more than rhetoric .
I do n’t have time for rhetoric .
I have time for action .
Andrew : I see .
So , you want a settlement to this issue .
It sounds like Matt wants a settlement to this issue .
You are both thinking that the best way to do it is with a court case .
If not a court case , it does n’t make sense to keep having conversations and discussions like this .
Chris : I agree .
I do n’t think anybody said that .
Matt : I would love for Chris to just use the GPL .
Everyone else in the WordPress community already complies with the license .
It ’s not like this is some weird niche interpretation of the GPL .
This is what the entire legal community believes except for one guy in Florida .
I would love for Chris to just come on over .
Chris :
That ’s another irresponsible statement from you , Matt .
That ’s not what the entire legal community believes .
How can you even make such a claim ?
You have to start checking what you ’re saying because of your position .
You have to .
It ’s your responsibility .
Andrew :
Do you want to give another example or two ?
I think someone else in the audience was asking for it ?
Matt : I forgot that you were one of the top three people in WordPress and that I should check with you before I say anything .
Just in general , or. . .
Andrew :
No , that ’s not necessary .
Chris , do you want to bring up another person so that we ’re not just left with that one lawyer ?
Do you have any other persons at your fingertips that you can bring up ?
Another legal name .
Chris :
I think there have been a lot of posts .
Andrew : Okay .
Chris : I do n’t have anything right this second pulled up .
Matt : I ’m going to point to the three organizations , the Free Software Foundation , which is the creator of the GPL .
They wrote the GPL license and have been at the center of it for 20 to 30 years now .
I will also point to the Software Freedom Law Center , the pro bono lawyers behind every single GPL case that has ever happened .
Third , Heather Meeker who is the chief counsel for Mozilla , an intellectual property attorney , dealing with intellectual property and open source for at least a dozen years now .
Andrew :
Would you two be willing to have a private conversation about this with the goal of not letting the other person know what your point of view is and why it is right , but the goal of trying to find a way where you can both live together comfortably ?
Matt : I would just want to say that I ’ve tried to contact Chris privately before .
I would happily promote Thesis , send people to Thesis , and love Thesis , whatever .
I ’d switch my own site to Thesis .
Just come over to GPL .
It ’s not hard .
Andrew : Would you switch your own site to Thesis with a link to Thesis if Chris went GPL ?
Matt : [ laughs ]
I really said that , did n’t I ?
Andrew : Sounds like you would .
Chris , now you have a business decision to make .
Does that make enough sense for you ?
Does the traffic and the reputation that comes from that help ?
Chris :
Well , Andrew , the thing about that , there is no incentive that incentivized me to do anything .
My decisions come from within .
My motivation comes from within .
I do n’t care what anyone does .
I do n’t care if the whole world sets me up and says , ‘ You ’re president of the world now , ’ because it does n’t matter to me .
All that matters to me is how I feel inside , and I do n’t feel like it ’s right for me or my business .
That ’s all .
Andrew : Okay .
All right .
Then I do n’t think it ’s fair for me to try to make you change that point of view .
What I was trying to do here was bring the two of you together and if I could n’t do that to at least give you an open forum to express how you honestly feel .
I think we ’ve got how each of you feels .
I think we did it in a way that shows respect for the other person ’s point of view and at least the ability for the other person to express that point of view .
I think we accomplished what we set out here to do .
At least , well , we did n’t accomplish my big goal , which was bringing the two of you together , but at least we did allow each of you to say where you stand .
Final word , Chris .
Then final word , Matt .
Chris : Nothing .
I appreciate you having this interview , Andrew .
I think that many people in the community are going to appreciate that .
I think that it ’s good to have this kind of live interaction .
Matt , I appreciate you .
I definitely appreciate you coming on here today , too .
I think that just sharing information and being honest instead of all these one - sided things where somebody says something terrible over here and others re-tweet that and all this bad information is perpetuated , to have a self - contained conversation like this , where details can be hammered out seems to make a lot of sense .
I appreciate that as somebody who just wants honest information to be out there .
I do n’t want Matt to be being hammered by people who are fans of me .
I do n’t want to be hammered by his fans .
I think that everybody should be able to behave in a respectful manner and get the facts straight , or at least get some information in a forum where it makes sense .
I think you ’ve provided that .
I think that ’s wonderful .
Thank you .
Andrew :
Thanks , Chris .
Matt , final word ?
Matt : I think that the facts basically come down to three basic things .
One , going GPL is the right thing to do .
You do n’t want to be at odds with the platform that your entire business is built on .
Like I said , WordPress is a very large community .
That ’s apparently why he chose it as opposed to a different platform .
However , when you chose software , you abide by its license just like you would want people who use
Theis to abide by its license .
Second , I believe it is the legal thing to do .
Some of the best legal minds have looked at this issue , at WordPress , and at Thesis and have decided .
Three , I just think it is good businesses .
Many other businesses made the switch .
You have direct analogs to what Chris could do here .
In addition , back to the first point , you want to be aligned with the platform you built on .
In summation , those are the three things I believe .
Again , thank you Andrew for bringing together this special .
Andrew :
Thank you both , Matt and Chris .
Thank you both for coming here and talking about this .
I was really hoping that I could bring the two of you here and have some kind of understanding that would work for both of you , but as I said , if we ca n’t have that at least we had a discussion where you could each express your point of view and we could all learn from it .
Thank you guys .
Thank you all for watching and listening .
Bye .
This transcription brought to you by www.SpeechPad.com.
Contrary to Western intelligence claims about Iraq 's supposed arms capability in the run-up to the 2003 invasion , the fact was that Saddam Hussein had destroyed his weapons of mass destruction and dismantled the infrastructure after the 1991 Gulf War , according to the United Nations ' former chief weapons inspector , Hans Blix .
Giving evidence before the Iraq inquiry committee here on Tuesday , Mr. Blix was emphatic that Iraq had “ no weapons ” by 2003 .
“ We knew there were no weapons , ” he said adding that Saddam “ unilaterally ” dismantled the biological weapons programme after the 1991 war with Kuwait but did not want this to be officially verified .
Mr. Blix , who led a team of U.N. weapons inspectors to Iraq ahead of the invasion , said the inspections showed that Iraq had “ no infrastructure ” to produce a nuclear weapon even though Saddam may have retained some “ resources ” with a view to reviving the programme in future .
Mr. Blix reiterated his view that the invasion did not have proper U.N. authorisation .
The U.N. resolution 1441 that America and Britain invoked to justify military intervention did not specifically authorise use of force , he said echoing the widely held view that a second resolution was essential .
He described the American and British interpretation of resolution1441 as “ absurd ' .
The resolution simply demanded that Saddam provide an “ accurate , full and complete declaration ” of all aspects of his WMD programmes , ballistic missiles and other weapons delivery systems but did not authorise use of force .
Mr. Blix questioned the basis of Western intelligence claims that Iraq had a continuing programme of weapons of mass destruction .
In the past , he has accused American and British governments of “ over - interpreting ” intelligence and criticised them for not allowing his team to complete its work .
Several key figures , involved in the events leading up to the Iraq invasion , have told the inquiry that the then U.S. President , George W. Bush , had already made up his mind to invade Iraq without waiting for the weapons inspectors to give their final report .
s
The inquiry , chaired by John Chilcot , a retired civil servant , is expected to give its report by the end of this year .
Driving down Northwest Highway , I saw the sign that says , " Donuts , Subs , Bagels , " and underneath , on the marquee , it says , " Chicken . "
Bitch , I ai n't no chicken !
I ordered the BLT ( super standard , nothin ' fancy about it ) , plus fries ( steak fries = win ) and a drink ( A Diet Pepsi that exploded all over me .
It 's cool , Diet Pepsi .
I regularly have that effect on people , so I 'm used to it . ) .
All told , I spent $ 6.14 .
There 's nothing on the menu that 's over seven bucks at this place and it 's super diner -y inside .
Overall , Dallas Donuts is way cheap and pretty awesome .
It 's the Hipstamatic app of diners .
The owner gave me a free cake doughnut to munch on while I waited for my BLT to come up .
I thought it might be a crappy , three - day old doughnut he was trying to move out the door , but holy balls , it was freaking amazing .
I never order cake doughnuts when I get doughnuts for breakfast .
Ever .
The only ones I 've ever had have been drier than Michael Moore 's coot .
But this cake doughnut was from another planet .
It was glazed to perfection , and if I did n't hate the word " moist , " I 'd say it was " moist . "
Instead , I 'll say it was the good kind of squishy .
Even Jesus would be like , " Fucking Me . This cake doughnut is My Dad damned delicious . "
Info Dallas Donuts Dallas Donuts 10515 E. Northwest Highway 214-348-6232
Old guys at the counter count : 3
Free doughnut count : 1
I talked with the owner while I ate my doughnut , and he 's the nicest person ever .
He 's run Dallas Donuts for almost 30 years , and you can tell he still enjoys it .
You can tell people really enjoy his company , too — the regulars at the counter have been coming here for , " I dunno , a million years ? "
And the menu is framed with what has to be hundreds of coffee mugs that customers have brought back as souvenirs from all over the world for this guy .
While we talked , he asked me how long I 'd lived in Dallas , if I lived in the area , and a bunch of other questions that would be stalkery and creepy if he had n't been so nice .
He was Oprah nice .
The BLT was n't the best BLT I 've ever had .
But that cake doughnut was better than the best BLT I 've ever had .
So , I say go to Dallas Donuts , hang out with Super Nice Owner Guy Man and eat yourself into a cake doughnut coma .
An act of patriotism has earned a homeless man national acclaim and potentially a lot of money -- if would - be donors can find a way to send it to him .
Gustus Bozarth of El Paso , Texas , braved driving rain and strong winds to carefully fold an American flag that fell to the ground when a storm knocked down a flagpole .
Bozarth 's selfless act was captured on surveillance tape -- and now the video has caught the attention of people all over the country who want to reward him for his patriotism -- and help him get back on his feet .
But nobody knows where or how to send him money .
" We 've gotten so many calls from people all over the nation wanting to help , " said Rebecca Rorozco , who works for Meti Inc. , the federal contractor that owns the flag .
" … But at the moment the company 's not going to take any monetary donations because we do n't want to handle the money right now .
" So we 're trying to see if we can set up a fund for him or if any kind of financial institution would want to work with him , because he does n't have anything : no ID , no identity really . "
When Meti employees found the fallen flag , they thought at first that they were dealing with a much different sort of person .
" We came back to work on Monday morning and we saw the flagpole next to our building and the flag tucked underneath the windshield wipers of a Meti truck ... a police report was made because at first we thought that it was vandalism , " Rorozco told FoxNews.com .
But later , when they reviewed the surveillance tape , they saw that it was the storm -- not a person -- that knocked the flagpole down , and that Bozarth had braved the elements to fold the flag military style and tuck it safely under the truck 's wiper .
He then carried the flagpole away from the street and up to the front of the building .
" When we saw that it was a good Samaritan , we were shocked -- and even more shocked to see that it was a homeless man who had been around the area for quite a while .
So we were able to locate him and thank him for the good deed that he did and for helping our flag to be saved , " Rorozco said .
But Meti employees were n't the only ones who wanted to thank Bozarth for his good deed .
Social media sites have been flooded with comments expressing gratitude to the homeless man , calling him everything from a patriot to a " true American hero . "
" Give him a job , health insurance and a home ! " one YouTube viewer posted under the surveillance video .
Someone else set up a " Gustus Bozarth for President " Facebook page .
KFOX - TV says responses from viewers looking to reward Bozarth have poured in since the station broke the story .
" We received a lot of calls , a lot of e-mails of people wanting to donate and asking how they can help this guy , " KFOX Assignment Editor Tony Rodriguez told FoxNews.com .
But so far , Rodriguez said , the station has had no luck finding a place that will manage donations .
" We just put in calls today to several organizations that we know of , so now we 're waiting to hear back , " Rodriguez said .
Ray Tullius , director of the Opportunity Center for the Homeless in El Paso , says the best route to take is to set up an escrow account that Bozarth can withdraw from .
But how soon that can be done will depend largely on how easy it is to get Bozarth a form of identification , which he 'll need to set up a bank account .
" That is a real problem with everybody , because , see , we would have to give a check to him in order to make it all above board , " Tullius told FoxNews.com .
" As we get money in , we would cash it , and then we would need to have a paper trail to show that we ’re not keeping the money .
So we would have to give him a check . "
It 's a challenge , but Tullius says he wo n't give up trying to help Bozarth .
" I would sure be willing to look at it and work with him and see if there was something we could do , " he said .
" This is not a lost cause . "
It ’s one thing to say you ’re in favor of legalizing cannabis , but it ’s another thing entirely to say that while holding a bong .
Asking about legalization in California , Public Policy Polling ( PPP ) found just 36 percent ofÃ‚Â respondentsÃ‚Â were opposed to Proposition 19 , which would tax and regulate cannabis .
The majority , 52 percent , favor legalization .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the real story is a separate set of numbers : Ã‚Â 38 percent of respondents had used cannabis , while 62 percent said they had not .
If only 36 percent of respondents opposed Prop. 19 , that means , in a random sampling of 614 California voters , there were more actual cannabis consumers than legalization opponents .
Though a two percent split is probably statistically insignificant , theÃ‚Â revaluationÃ‚Â is stunning nonetheless .
The poll also sought information on the respondents ’ political affiliations , age group , race and gender .
Conservatives outnumbered liberals by 33 - 25 percent , but self - identified moderates dominated the poll at 44 percent .
A slim majority ( 52 - 48 ) were women , and the most frequently selected political party were the Democrats , topping Republicans by 46 - 34 percent .
The firm found majorities of liberals ( 76 ) and moderates ( 51 ) are in favor of Prop. 19 , while only a slim majority ( 55 ) of conservatives are opposed .
In an ironic twist , PPP also found that recreational cannabis users were more likely to have voted for Sen .
John McCain in the last presidential election , edging out Obama - voting pot smokers 69 - 65 percent .
ADVERTISEMENT
Support for Prop. 19 was highest among blacks ( 68 ) and whites ( 53 ) , with 50 percent of black respondents saying they ’ve tried cannabis , and another 42 percent of whites answering similarly .
Prop. 19 sees a more support from individuals ages 30 - 45 than any otherÃ‚Â demographic , but it ’s still quite close .
Fifty - six percent of 18 - 29 - year - olds are in favor , as are 54 percent of those ages 46 - 65 .
In the past , the 46 - 65 demographic has been the cornerstone of support for the continued prohibition of cannabis .
Ã‚Â Coupled with seniors , who are largely opposed to legalization , opinion dynamics in the 46 - and - older crowd have made a shift in drug policy near impossible .
The voter - sponsored ballot initiative goes up for a vote in California this November .
It is opposed by many of the state ’s elected Democrats , but hasÃ‚Â receivedÃ‚Â endorsements from a former U.S. surgeon general , the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) , the California Young Democrats and the 200,000 - member United Food and Commercial Workers Union , Western Council .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Rand Corporation estimates that if cannabis were legal in California , prices could drop by as much as 80 percent , putting an ounce of finely cultivated buds at just $ 40 within a few years .
The thinktank also estimated that a $ 50 - per-ounce tax could generate up to $ 1.49 billion for the cash - strapped state in its first year .
Even if Prop. 19 passes , it may not mean anything , as the federal government could annul the law or challenge it in court .
President Obama ’s Department of Justice has taken a hands - off approach to the sales of medical cannabis in states which allow it , but has maintained steadfast opposition to legalization .
ADVERTISEMENT
A recent Rasmussen poll of Americans nation - wide found that 43 percent favor legalization while 42 percent do not .
Most respondents said they expect cannabis will be permitted across the U.S. within a decade .
The PPP poll is available online ( PDF link ) .
It 's truly time to stick a fork in this one .
Megyn Kelly can keep trying to beat dead horses , but when Bush appointee Abigail Thernstrom -- well - known for her conservative views on affirmative action and other civil rights issues -- says this , it 's more or less a dead horse that 's been flogged until it 's unrecognizable .
But when it comes to the investigation that the Republican - dominated commission is now conducting into the Justice Department ’s handling of an alleged incident of voter intimidation involving the New Black Panther Party — a controversy that has consumed conservative media in recent months —
Thernstrom has made a dramatic break from her usual allies .
“ This does n’t have to do with the Black Panthers ; this has to do with their fantasies about how they could use this issue to topple the [ Obama ] administration , ” said Thernstrom , who said members of the commission voiced their political aims “ in the initial discussions ” of the Panther case last year .
“ My fellow conservatives on the commission had this wild notion they could bring Eric Holder down and really damage the president , ” Thernstrom said in an interview with POLITICO .
Now there 's a surprise .
Conservative politicians plotting to manufacture a controversy in order to ' bring down ' the Attorney General ?
And surely they would n't be doing it with the assistance of Fox News and the ginned up breathless reporting of airheaded bimbos like Megyn Kelly , would they ?
Why , yes they would .
As Media Matters points out , the Fox News hyping of this story follows the same right - wing trajectory as the ACORN , Ayers , and ClimateGate stories .
Writing for the National Review Online , Thernstrom elaborates :
So far — after months of hearings , testimony and investigation — no one has produced actual evidence that any voters were too scared to cast their ballots .
Too much overheated rhetoric filled with insinuations and unsubstantiated charges has been devoted to this case .
She finishes the argument and the controversy with this :
The two Panthers have been described as “ armed ” — which suggests guns .
One of them was carrying a billy club , and it is alleged that his repeated slapping of the club against his palm constituted brandishing it in a menacing way .
They have also been described as wearing “ jackboots , ” but the boots were no different from a pair my husband owns .
A disaffected former Justice Department attorney has written : “ We had indications that polling - place thugs were deployed elsewhere . ” “ Indications ” ?
Again , evidence has yet to be offered .
The balance of Thernstrom 's article concerns the upcoming redistricting battle where she reverts to a line of reasoning that suggests Eric Holder is behaving in a sinister way to stack redistricting decks .
It 's classic conservative argument and while I disagree wholeheartedly , I still think Thernstrom deserves a kudo or two for pointing out that the emperor truly does have no clothes and Fox has no sense .
Adam Serwer sums up the remaining shreds of the non-story thus :
So in the past day , the following things have been happened :
The idea that there was outside pressure from the administration to close the case has been shown to have no evidentiary basis , the commission has been exposed as deliberately attempting to damage the administration with this investigation , and Adams ' claim that the Voting Section does not intervene on behalf of white voters has been proven conclusively false .
Let 's see Megyn Kelly try to spin that .
There 's nothing quite as all - American as a road trip , especially in the West , where a wealth of culture , natural beauty and excitement unfolds before you .
Elk Meadow awaits in Northern California .
The Wave beckons from Arizona .
211 road trips in the West
Image caption
The campaign stresses the importance of safe sex
Doctors are advising football fans who went to the World Cup in South Africa to check their HIV status if they had unprotected sex on their trip .
Up to 25,000 England fans recently returned from South Africa , where about six million people have HIV .
More than two - thirds of heterosexual men and a quarter of women with HIV have contracted it abroad .
An awareness campaign is urging those who may have put themselves at risk to visit their local sexual health clinic .
The campaign - ' Beer Goggle Johnny 's Guide to Sexual Health ' - has been launched by Birmingham 's Heartlands Hospital , but is backed by national organisations .
Dr Steve Taylor , sexual health and HIV consultant at Heartlands Hospital , said nearly one in five young adults living in South Africa were infected with the virus , and in some areas it could be as high as one in three .
" During the festivities if holiday makers had unprotected sex it is more important than ever to get themselves checked out on their return , " he said .
There 's always a sharp increase in STI cases after the summer holidays Peter Greenhouse , British Association for Sexual Health and HIV
" Although the public are more aware of the dangers of unsafe sex these days , we are not seeing people putting this into practice , which is worrying .
" It 's while on holiday , as people relax , soak in the sun and consume alcohol , the chance of having unprotected sex is increased .
" We want holiday makers to take precautions , pack condoms in their suitcase and attend sexual health screenings on their return if they are unsure . "
He added : " The only way we can help prevent widespread infection of STIs ( sexually transmitted infections ) in this country is through early testing , and treating infections before they can spread - and when they are easier to treat .
" Even HIV , for so long a virus to dread , can be managed very effectively if detected in its early stages . "
Check - up
The Beer Goggle Johnny campaign began as a local initiative , but the national roll - out is being backed by organisations including the Terrence Higgins Trust and the British Association for Sexual Health and HIV ( BASHH ) .
As well as a website promoting the Beer Goggle Johnny campaign Heartlands are offering to customise posters for clinics around the UK using the same characters and information alongside local information about clinics and advice .
Peter Greenhouse of BASHH said it strongly supported the " amusing and engaging " campaign .
" There 's always a sharp increase in STI cases after the summer holidays , " he said .
" With 25,000 football supporters returning from South Africa , and many more about to go away for the summer , it 's a great move to get a check - up when you return and to use condoms when you 're away .
" People are most likely to infect others with HIV just after they 've been infected themselves , just after they come home - so Beer Goggles Johnny could be a lifesaver . "
Contemporary filmmaker Hannah Rothschild tries to uncover the real story behind her great aunt 's sudden disappearance .
In 1951 the beautiful married mother of five left home and went to New York in search of the man who wrote ' Round Midnight .
She found him and this is the extraordinary account of what happened next .
A journey that took her from Harlem to Hell and back again .
She went to prison for him and gave up everything familiar .
But why ?
Helen Mirren reads Pannonica 's words and Sonny Rollins , Quincy Jones , TS Monk junior , Roy Haynes , Curtis Fuller , The Duchess of Devonshire and other luminaries tell their side of the story .
This film is the result of a ten year search to solve the puzzle of Pannonica .
Written by Hannah Rothschild
SPOILER WARNING :
What follows should only be viewed by people who have already seen Inception .
It contains heavy , critical spoilers which will impact your viewing of the film .
If you have n’t seen Inception yet , stop reading and do n’t come back until you do .
crashed into theaters last night at midnight and if you have n’t seen it , we hope you will soon .
When you do , it ’s sure to be the only thing you ’ll want to talk about for at least the next week .
Internally here at Cinema Blend it ’s pretty much the only thing we ’ve been able to think about and walking out of the movie left us and pretty much everyone whose seen it with a lot of questions .
is the kind of movie that gets you thinking and the film ’s complex plot is the sort of thing that almost demands unraveling .
To help make sense of some of the movie ’s more twisty details the entire Cinema Blend team got together and tried to ask some of the more common questions people are asking about the film .
It ’s our attempt to explainand make sense of Christopher Nolan ’s fantastically detailed dream world .
But we do n’t have all the answers .
It ’s our hope that you ’ll help us make sense of things by contributing your own theories and questions to our detailed list below .
Tell us where we were wrong , help us fill in the gaps , pose new questions we have n’t thought of yet , in the comments section below .
This list of questions and answers will be updated with your contributions and new contributions from us as we work in second and third viewings of the film over the weekend , so keep checking back to see the latest updates .
Ready ?
Enter the dream and try to understand it .A : It ’s seems pretty clear from the context of the movie that Mal and Cobb were married and engaged in legitimate dream exploration together before Mal ’s death .
After her death , Cobb was forced to use his knowledge of dreams to become a thief .A : The never - ending staircases are paradoxes ( logical fallacies that ca n’t exist in reality ) .
Though Ariadne designed the levels and probably designed the staircase , in the level where Arthur uses it he 's the dreamer .
Similar shortcuts were worked in , in advance , to the snow dream by Eams .
Ariadne tells Cobb about them when they need a faster route to the fortress .A : As it is in real life , the dreamer 's dream can be affected by things happening outside the dream .
If it gets cold while you ’re sleeping , sometimes people dream of ice or snow .
If a person falls out of bed , sometimes they ’ll dream of skydiving or falling in their dream .
So when the van in the dream level above the hotel falls off the bridge , the motion of those inside the van is thrown off , and that feeling of falling carries over into the dream , making it as though there ’s no gravity in the hotel level below the van .
This effect does not , however , seem to extend any further than one level in a dream within a dream within a dream .
A : Since there is no gravity , Arthur disconnects the elevator from the cables and then uses an explosion to propel it , as it would be propelled if there were gravity .
When it hits the bottom they 're shaken around , creating a Kick .
Arthur uses the elevator because he needs a way to insure that the Kick occurs quickly and to everyone at once so he does n't have to do them one at a time , in much the same way the falling van drops them together .
A : This one had us stumped but Max Miller offers this explanation in the comments below : " Saito is shot on the first level of the dream , but does n't die until the third .
If they resuscitated him on the third level , it would only bring him back to the second where he was still dying , and if he survived that , then it would only bring him back to the first where he was dying the fastest anyway .
Meanwhile , since Fischer was shot on the third level and sent to Limbo , his " bodies " on the other two levels were totally fine .
The kick from the defibrillator timed correctly with the falling sensation he experienced after Ariadne pushed him off the building was enough to bring him back to normal level 3 so he could complete the mission .
If she had just shot him again down in Limbo , he probably would have woken up for real and the mission would have failed .
" A : Our understanding is that limbo only contains things you ’ve built in it , which could explain why Cobb ’s limbo has so few projections .
The projection of his wife is something he tells
Mal at the end that he ’s tried to recreate over time , so it could be that she ’s more than a projection and is actually an intentional creation of his .
Similarly , Saito could have created the guards which populate his limbo.A : Two different theories possible , let ’s break them down one at a time :
The simplest answer here would be that this world is n’t actually limbo but a deeper level which perhaps Cobb has mistaken for limbo or misrepresented as limbo .
You have to die to go to limbo and neither Cobb nor Ariadne dies in the ice fortress , they merely go to sleep again and enter Cobb 's dream , which only resembles the world he and Mal built in limbo because Cobb has created it .
( Their kids were n't with them in their original limbo , so if this were limbo again , why would they magically be there with them to live happily ever after ? )
Also , Cobb could have deliberately been planning how the whole level worked out - he used it to detach himself from Mal , create a projection of Fischer to compel Ariadne to get out and not go into limbo and stayed as the whole thing crumbled to get to the real limbo to help Saito .
And maybe that 's the reason Fischer can be revived .
He was n't really shot dead .
But since Ariadne tried to kill herself to escape it , and we know that killing yourself in any level but limbo will only send you to limbo , it seems as though Ariadne must have believed she was in limbo .
If the crumbling city level really is a form of limbo , could that mean both Cobb and Saito in limbo , but in different limbos ?
If dreams are the machinations of the subconscious , and limbo is the subconscious that Cobb has built , the locations are one in the same .
It ’s the same reason why Cobb can no longer work as an architect .
Perhaps Cobb and Saito ’s final locations are the same place .
If so , how does Cobb find Saito ’s fortress ?
How does he end up on that beach ?
We ’re full of questions on this one , but given the context of the movie this theory seems like the most likely of the two .A : It 's likely that Cobb and Saito are in limbo for the same amount of time , however Cobb knows he 's in limbo , so perhaps this keeps him from aging visibly .
Saito on the other hand seems to have forgotten where he is , and so the passage of time ( which could have been decades since time runs faster the deeper you go ) has more of an affect on him .
Similarly , the first time Cobb and Mal end up in limbo they aged because they 've forgotten where they really are and accepted it as their reality .
A : The fact that the film cuts away before we know for certain suggests that they want us to keep guessing .
But we think it kept spinning .
Here ’s our reasoning : Note that at the end of the film Cobb ’s kids have n’t aged .
They match exactly his memory of them .
A memory which must almost surely by now be out of date , since he ’s been away from them for many months .
Though he finally sees their faces , otherwise they look exactly as he envisioned them .
They 're even wearing the same clothes .
In reality , his kids would now be older and different than his memories of them .
This could suggest that Cobb is still in the dream and the top does indeed keep spinning after the credits roll .
Aaron points this out in our comments section : " In the opening moments you get a glimpse of Leo 's hand .
Specifically , he 's wearing his wedding ring .
Now , if you follow the rest of the movie keeping an eye out for this you will notice that he only has the ring on when he's in the dream world .
At the end of the movie he is n't wearing the ring . "
If the ring only appears when he's in a dream and he's not wearing at the end of the film , that could be confirmation that in fact , the top does stop spinning after the credits and Cobb is at last in the real world .
Even though Cobb 's kids appear to be wearing the same clothes at the end of the film , according tocostume designer here they are indeed wearing different clothes .
A : Assuming for a moment that Cobb is still in the dream when the movie ends , it does n’t necessarily mean he was in a dream for the entire film .
The Cobb we see at the end could in fact be a man still trapped in limbo .
This seems unlikely though since the film seems to indicate that Saito and Cobb killed themselves to escape it , right before waking up on the plane .
See alternate theory .
Ivan in the comments below suggests that it 's still possible that the entire movie could be a dream because the totem may only work to ensure you 're not in someone else 's dream .
" Think about it , YOU know your totem 's trick exactly so if you were in your own host dream then you could replicate it perfectly .
It is only when you are in someone else 's dream that your totem does not behave in it 's trick form since that host cannot architect it so .
This is why nobody knows the trick functionality of anyone else 's totem !
" A : The film never actually says your mind will burn out there , merely suggest that you 'll become lost there and be unable to find your way out .
The real obstacle to getting out of limbo seems to be realizing that you 're in limbo .
At the end of the film , it takes an appearance by Cobb to remind Saito that the world he's in is n't real , and once he realizes Saito reaches for a gun and , presumably , shoots himself in order to escape .
It could be that your brain only actually is damaged out if you stay in Limbo for the full term , or if you stay there after the machine connection powering the dream is disconnected .
A : The snow fort dream is not Fisher's .
That dream belongs to Eams .
Each level is dreamt by a different member of Cobb 's team , and then Fisher 's subconcious is brought in to fill it .
The first level is dreamed by Yusuf , who then stays behind to drive the van and initiate a kick to bring them back .
The second level is dreamt by Arthur , who then stays behind to put them in the elevator and initiate another kick .
The third level is dreamed by Eams , who again stays behind to plant explosives on the building , which drops them and initiates another Kick .
The final level is Limbo .
Limbo is a shared environment not limited to a single subconscious .
Limbo contains nothing , excep the remnants of whatever might have been built by someone who has been there before .
Cobb has been there before , so limbo contains the buildings he and his wife built over the 50 years they spent there .A : The most likely explanation for this is that Cobb 's memory of their youth was merely a fantasy of his , and in truth they aged together as we saw .
This is supported by the film .
The first time we see Cobb envisioning them killed by the train , they 're young .
A close up shot of their hands clasped reveals their hands to be young as well .
Later when Cobb tells the real story of how they escaped limbo , we see their hands clasped on the railroad tracks and they 're older and wrinkled , just as Cobb and Mal are when we see them walking through the city while Cobb talks about them growing old together .
It seems likely this is the true version of the story and the version in which they 're younger is part of the delusion Cobb constructed which was visited by Ariadne .A :
The movie suggests it was an accident , caused by Cobb 's desire to keep going deeper and deeper into the dream until he went too deep .
Several different ways this could have been accomplished , perhaps they used the same type of sedation as Yusuf used and then intentionally killed themselves just to see what would happen .
A : Cobb and Mal were trapped in Limbo for 50 years , unaware that their world was n't real .
Cobb eventually discovered the truth , but Mal refused to accept it .
In order to get Mal to kill herself and return to the real world , Cobb performed Inception on her , planting the idea that the world was n't real in her mind .
This worked , they killed themselves and escaped Limbo .
Unfortunatley , the idea remained in Mal 's mind and once they returned , she was unable to accept that the real world was n't a dream .
A : Level one , with the van , was dreamed by Yusuf ( Dileep Rao ) .
Level 2 in the hotel was dreamed by Arthur ( Joseph Gordon - Levitt ) .
Level 3 with the snow fort was dreamed by Eams ( Tom Hardy ) .
The final level was Limbo and dreamed by no one , since it 's a place of shared consciousness .
A : The Architect designs the dream levels in the real world , and then teaches the level design to the dreamer .
A : Eams is the Forger .
This name has two meanings .
In the real world he can forge identities using his contacts and his ability to fake documents .
In the dream world , he can alter his appearance and take on the personality of someone else he 's studied , probably using much the same methods used to construct buildings .A : It seems impossible that they could have known in advance , they must have left a blank place in their design to be filled in with the numbers as they learned them .
If anyone has any other theories on this , sound off in the comments !
A :
The film explains this as being due to the types of sedatives used on the dreamers during the final sequence .
When normal sedatives are used , death wakes you up .
But in order to go three dream levels deep , heavier sedatives must be used , causing this unwanted side - effect .
A : When the van drives off the bridge , Cobb says they missed the first Kick .
This is understandable since Cobb , Eams , Ariadne , and Fisher Jr. are two levels below it and can only be awakened by a kick in the level above them , where Arthur is .
But Arthur is in the level directly below the vans , and the rules of the movie do seem to suggest that he should have awakened by that Kick .
Perhaps experienced dreamers have some control over whether a Kick wakes them up ?
We 're a little baffled by this one , let us know if you have a better theory .
CB reader Jordan offers this possible explanation : Ealier in the movie Arthur tells Ariadne that if Yusuf kicks too early then they wo n't wake up .
While normally in order to wake up you must recieve a Kick in the level above , this is n't true when using the special sedative .
Instead with the sedative it takes two synchronized Kicks .
In order to be Kicked when under the sedative you had to be kicked in both levels simultaneously .
Arthur did n't have the second Kick ready when the van drove off the bridge , so he was n't awakened by the van falling off the bridge .
A : Ariadne may not have been certain Eames '
Kick would work , so she was attempting to kill herself by jumping off the building .
Even though we'd been told killing yourself inside the dream would only push you into limbo , Cobb has just told her that once he got to limbo with Mal they escaped by killing themselves so Ariadne knows that death is a way to escape , even though in this case it was n't necessary .
Because of the sedative it may require two , synchronized Kicks in two levels to wake someone , instead of the single Kick normally used .
A : We 're not entirely sure it is .
It 's more important that he wake them up quickly when it comes time for the Kick , to time it to occur at the same time as the Kick in the level above .
By putting them in the elevator he can give them a Kick all at once , and synchronize it with the other Kicks .
A : The safe is a creation of the subconscious that Cobb exploits , in this case Mal .
The safes are constructed so that the dreamer believes that it is a safe place for them to store their secrets .
The top is Mal 's totem , which she uses to determine whether she 's in a dream .
If it never stops spinning , that tells Mal that she 's in a dream .
By placing a constantly spinning totem in the safe , Cobb is placing an idea ( and a very simple one ) inside her subconscious .
It 's not that she saw the totem spinning , but that it was always spinning in her subconcious mind .
This is why she thought she was trapped in the dream world .
A : Concievably .
But perhaps Cobb , madly in love with Mal , simply could n't bring himself to do it .
Remember , he was barely able to shoot a projection of her .
It might be all but impossible to kill the real Mal , no matter how important he thought it was to do so .
By upsetting the equilibrium of a dreamer you can wake them from a dream and return them to reality .
If you ’re dreaming a dream within a dream , each level of the dream has to have its own Kick in order for the one on the higher level to work .
So Arthur blew up the elevator to wake them up from the snow fortress dream so they could then be woken up by the car hitting the water .
A place where dreamers may end up if they go too deeply .
It ’s a place where time runs quickly and people seem to forget reality .
We ’re told a person flung there might burn out their mind , though somehow Saito , Cobb , and Mal all survive it and escape .
Because of the drugs used in the dreamers infinal mission , we learn a dreamer can in this one instance also be flung into limbo if they ’re killed in the dream .
The practice of entering dreams and planting an idea in someone ’s head .
Normally Cobb and his team only invade dreams to steal secrets and they are n’t sure if Inception is really possible .
The person who constructs the dream world inside the mind of the Dreamer .
In the final dream of , Ariadne ( as played by Ellen Page ) is the architect .
The person whose dream you 're actually in .
When creating a dream within a dream , each level must have a different dreamer .
In the final sequence , Yusuf dreams the first level , Arthur dreams the second one , and Eams dreams the third level with the snow fort .
The person whose subconcious is actually brought into the dream , usually for the purpose of extracting information from them or on rare occasions in order to plant an idea in their mind .
In the final sequence , Fisher Jr. is the subject .
An object constructed by someone who plans to invade a dream , whose exact weight and composition only they know .
This object can be used to help verify whether you ’re in the real world , or the dream world .
Cobb uses a top which , when spun inside a dream never stops spinning .
Ariadne constructs a chess piece , which she plans to use as her totem .
A person created by the subconcious mind of the subject .
Projections are not real .
They function like white blood cells and should the subject begin to realize that the dream he's in is n't his , Projections respond violently and attempt to seek out the Dreamer and destroy him .
Now it ’s your turn .
Think you have better answers ?
Have questions we have n’t already posed ?
Post them in the comments section below .
For even more in depthdiscussion join the analysis in our in - depth Inception Obsession Discussion Forum
Alchemy has enabled over 80,000 custom creations since its inception .
Now , it needs its beauty sleep .
Starting February 5 , 2011 , we ’ll begin a process that will phase out the current Alchemy features on Etsy .
We love what Alchemy represents , and we want to do it even better .
While we ’re working on that , we ’re going to close down the current Alchemy .
Helping shoppers to request custom items and having our community bid on the opportunity to fulfill those wishes is the tip of the iceberg .
How do I request a made - to - order , custom item from an Etsy seller ?
We suggest using Etsy ’s Conversations system to contact the seller and ask if they ’d be interested in working with you on a custom project .
Most Etsy sellers are excited to create custom , handmade items based on a shopper ’s request and specifications .
Be sure to check out the shop ’s Policies page to see if the seller has already posted information about custom work .
I ’m a seller .
Do you have any custom item resources for me ?
If you ’re looking to work with shoppers to create custom pieces , check out Etsy ’s Guide to Custom Work .
If you ’re a devoted Alchemy fan , the information that follows will address some more specific points :
February 5 , 2011 : We will turn off the functionality to create new Alchemy requests , edit existing requests , and place new bids on existing requests .
February 28 , 2011 : We will remove access to Alchemy features from across the site , such as the homepage , shop pages and Help site .
Alchemy requests created before the February 3rd cutoff will have the normal 21 days to respond to bids that have been placed .
Starting February 28 , Alchemy requests will not be able to be marked as complete .
For shop owners , Alchemy transactions records will remain in the Orders section of Your Etsy .
For shoppers , Alchemy transaction records will be available in your Purchases history under Your Etsy .
These records will also be accessible from the links in your Alchemy - related convos .
Past Tech Updates
Recently I saw a startling graph , plotting world population from the Middle Ages to projections for 2050 .
The red line remains relatively flat for several centuries , starts ramping up around the time of the 19th century Industrial Revolution , and then takes off like a Roman candle right about the time of my own birth , in the mid-1950s .
Granted , the steep rise was enhanced by the drawn - out time scale of that particular graph .
As you shorten the time frame you ’re looking at , the slope flattens out .
But the numbers paint a sobering picture on their own .
I decided to plot some of my own family history against that curve .
When my father entered the world on the eve of the Great Depression , there were barely two billion people populating the globe .
By the time I came along , the number had nudged above three billion .
This was America ’s legendary Baby Boom and the beginning of the Roman candle phase ( an exponential growth trajectory which continues today ) .
Should I be so fortunate ( or unfortunate ) to make it to my own century mark , demographers project that by then ( 2055 ) , the Earth will be asked to support more than nine billion people .
That ’s a tripling of the world ’s population just in my ( theoretical ) lifetime .
Population growth seldom takes center stage in discussions of climate change , though the connection is undeniable ( heck , nine billion people just breathing is a lot of CO2 ) .
Biologist William Ryerson , President of the Washington - based Population Institute , says that population growth is “ not an inconsequential impact on the climate crisis . ”
But breathing is not the problem ; it ’s consumption .
Appearing on KQED ’s Forum program with Michael Krasny , Ryerson said that were that prediction of nine billion people by 2050 to be realized , it would be “ the climate equivalent of adding two United States to the planet . ”
Ryerson , who also heads the Population Media Center in Vermont , says we ’ll be lucky to make it to nine billion .
Ryerson said that in his view , “ the resources just are n’t there , ” for a doubling of the current population .
He cites research by Stanford biologist Peter Vitousek , indicating that humans are already appropriating half of the total global “ products of photosynthesis , i.e. all green plants . ”
It seems that after decades of being dismissed by mainstream economists , 18th - century philosopher Thomas Malthus is getting a fresh hearing .
Malthus made his reputation as a doomsayer in 1798 , when he wrote that “ the power of population is indefinitely greater than the power in the earth to produce subsistence for man . ”
As procreation and climate change accelerate in tandem , the two forces may place a double bind on basic resources like water ( see also Gretchen Weber ’s post on “ peak water “ ) .
Ryerson , who recently visited Pakistan , says that nation currently has 20 % of the water that they had 50 years ago , on a per-capita basis , and “ they ’re on a 30 - year doubling time , ” meaning 368 million people by 2040 .
The entire Forum program is available online .
The warm tributes to William F. Buckley Jr. , the conservative hero who died Wednesday at age 82 , have emphasized all that everyone could appreciate about him : the formidable intelligence , the capacious vocabulary , the otherworldly productivity , the playful wit , the graciousness and deep , wide - ranging friendships .
He was a beloved figure who had entered American lore and , in that sense , belonged to all of us .
But in the fond reminiscences , it should n't be forgotten what he hated .
Buckley was an anti-communist to the marrow of his bones , whose lifelong mission was to crush Marxist totalitarianism .
In this , he was uncompromising , relentless and -- this is what makes it possible to minimize it now -- successful .
Buckley was a master debater who took on ( and usually beat ) all comers , but he insisted that , with communists , there could be no dialogue .
He convinced the Yale Political Union in 1962 to rescind an invitation to the head of the Communist Party U.S.A. , Gus Hall .
Buckley argued , bracingly , " We can no more collaborate with him to further the common understanding than Anne Frank could have collaborated with Goebbels in a dialogue on race relations . "
Buckley 's anti-communism had many roots .
His father , an oilman who did business in a Mexico roiled by revolution , was a committed anti-communist .
And Buckley 's Catholic faith made him a natural foe of atheistic Marxism .
But the deepest foundation of Buckley 's anti-communism -- and his politics generally -- was a belief that the individual is paramount and can flourish only in freedom .
This was a philosophical and religious conviction , but also -- if you will -- a personal one .
No one was more an individual than Bill Buckley .
He spawned so many impersonators because his mannerisms were utterly original .
To know him -- as I had the honor of doing as the editor of his magazine , National Review -- was to be delighted by his irreducible Buckley - ness and all the enthusiasms that defined him , from traveling with his special brand of peanut butter , to his devotion to his King Charles spaniels , to his boyish enthusiasm for nautical charts .
This is a man who instinctively recoiled at the leveling , deadening conformity of communism and would have died of boredom ( or more likely would have been jailed or executed for brave , puckish provocations ) within about five minutes in such a system .
Buckley said that communism 's " extirpative passion is to eliminate man . "
How ?
By eliminating freedom .
" Without freedom , there is no true humanity . "
Even in the darkest days of the Cold War , Buckley realized how difficult it would be to forever extinguish that hardy ember of humanity that is the individual .
Back in 1959 , Buckley excoriated the flabbiness of thought that attended an invitation to Nikita Khrushchev to visit the United States .
He concluded : " Khrushchev cannot take permanent advantage of our temporary disadvantage , for it is the West he is fighting .
And in the West there lie , however encysted , the ultimate resources , which are moral in nature .
In the end , we will bury him . "
Throughout the decades , with his intellectual pickax , Buckley uncovered those ultimate resources .
He spoke often of the gratitude we owe our civilizational forebears and regretted that " a country -- a civilization -- that gives us such gifts as we dispose of cannot be repaid in kind .
There is no way in which we can give to the United States a present of a bill of rights in exchange for its having given us the Bill of Rights . "
But Buckley did his utmost to repay it in kind .
Long ago , he himself entered what he liked to call freedom 's House of Lords , and he is now due what he once movingly called for : " We need a rebirth of gratitude for those who have cared for us , living and , mostly , dead .
The high moments of our way of life are their gifts to us .
We must remember them in our thoughts and in our prayers ; and in our deeds . "
RIP .
There are a lot of ways to approach burning discs .
Burn keeps it simple , but still offers a lot of advanced options .
Keep your files safe and share them .
Burn your files to a disc so you can access them later on .
Choose different filesystems so you can share your files with people with different operating systems .
Change advanced settings like , file permissions , the disc icon , file dates and more on the fly in Burns inspector .
Let the music be with you .
Create standard Audio - CD discs with ease .
Just drop your audio files in Burns audio list .
Want more music on your disc , Burn can create MP3 discs .
More and more players support these discs .
Higher quality , no problem , Burn can create DVD - Audio discs , which can contain more and higher quality files .
Burn offers advanced options like CD - Text and mp3 tag editing to personalize your disc .
Share your movies .
Made your own movies and want to share them with family and friends ?
No problem .
Burn can create a wide range of video discs .
From VideoCD to DVD - Video discs .
And DivX discs to fit more of your videos on a disc .
To personalize your DVD - Video disc , burn can create interactive menus .
Choose a theme in Burn or create your own .
1 + 1 makes 2 .
Allready have discs you like to reproduce .
Do n't worry , Burn can help you .
Burn can copy discs or use disk images to recreate your discs .
With one drive Burn still will be able to copy a disc , by temporary saving the disc .
Converting .
Forget worrying about conversion .
Burn will take your video and audio files and turns them in the right format .
In the preferences you can set the options for quality and size .
How much does it cost .
Burn is absolutely free and open source .
Burn also uses a lot of great free open source utilities to make it tick .
Utilities : ffmpeg , lame , vcdimager , dvdauthor , spumux , mkisofs and dvd-author .
Download Burn
Requirements :
macOS 10.9 or higher
macOS 10.9 or higher
The Average American Flushes Five Cents Away , Every Day
The United States government has many different agencies -- the Treasury , the Department of Defense , more recently Homeland Security , and numerous others .
Each of these agencies has departments within them , and one of them , part of the Environmental Protection Agency , is the Office of Ground Water and Drinking Water ( OGWDW ) .
If you ever wanted to know anything about water , they are probably the people to ask .
The average American uses 100 gallons of water each day .
Only about two go toward drinking and cooking .
( In fact , we spend twice as much water -- four gallons -- on washing dishes than we do in preparing and eating our meals . )
Toilet flushing costs us either roughly 1.5 or five gallons per flush , depending on what type of toilet ( newer or old ) one uses .
All combined , the typical American flushes away 24 gallons of water each day , nearly a quarter of our total water consumption .
We probably do not quantify that in dollars and cents , but like everything else in life , toilet water costs money .
The OGWDW estimates that the " typical cost [ of tap water ] is $ 2 for 1,000 gallons " , or , 4.8 cents per person , per day , for 24 gallons of toilet water .
All said and done ?
In total , roughly 300 million Americans spend over $ 5 billion dollars a year flushing their toilets .
Bonus fact :
Mankind has been looking for ways to improve the taste , clarity , and odor of water seemingly forever .
Ancient Sanskrit and Greek records reflect a variety of water treatment measures dating back roughly 6,000 years !
Share this email : or forward to a friend .
Here on the open ocean , 12 miles from ground zero of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , the gulf is hovering between life and death .
The large strands of sargassum seaweed atop the ocean are normally noisy with birds and thick with crustaceans , small fish and sea turtles .
But now this is a silent panorama , heavy with the smell of oil .
There are no birds .
The seaweed is soaked in rust - colored crude and chemical dispersant .
It is devoid of life except for the occasional juvenile sea turtle , speckled with oil and clinging to the only habitat it knows .
Thick ribbons of oil spread out through the sea like the strips in egg flower soup , gorgeous and deadly .
A few dead fish float in the water , though dolphin - fish , tuna , flying fish and the occasional shark can still be seen swimming near the surface , threading their way through the wavy , sometimes iridescent gobs of crude .
“ This is devastating .
I mean literally , it ’s terrible .
All this should be pretty much blue water , and — look at it .
It just looks bad , ” said Kevin Aderhold , a longtime charter fishing captain who has been taking a team of researchers deep into the gulf every day to rescue oil - soaked sea turtles .
“ When this first happened , a lot of us were like , they ’ll cap that thing and we ’ll be out fishing again .
Now reality ’s set in .
Look around you .
This is long - term .
This ’ll be here for - ev-er . ”
And then it gets worse .
When the weather is calm and the sea is placid , ships trailing fireproof booms corral the black oil , the coated seaweed and whatever may be caught in it , and torch it into hundred - foot flames , sending plumes of smoke skyward in ebony mushrooms .
This patch of unmarked ocean gets designated over the radio as “ the burn box . ”
Wildlife researchers operating here , in the regions closest to the spill , are witnesses to a disquieting choice : Protecting shorebirds , delicate marshes and prime tourist beaches along the coast by stopping the oil before it moves ashore has meant the largely unseen sacrifice of some wildlife out at sea , poisoned with chemical dispersants and sometimes boiled by the burning of spilled oil on the water ’s surface .
“ It reflects the conventional wisdom of oil spills :
If they just keep the oil out at sea , the harm will be minimal .
And I disagree with that completely , ” said Blair Witherington , a research scientist with the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission who has been part of the sea turtle rescue mission .
By unhappy coincidence , the same convergences of ocean currents that create long mats of sargassum — nurturing countless crabs , slugs and surface fish that are crucial food for turtles , birds and larger fish — also coalesce the oil , creating islands of death sometimes 30 miles long .
“ Most of the Gulf of Mexico is a desert .
Nothing out there to live on .
It ’s all concentrated in these oases , ” Witherington said .
“ Ordinarily , the sargassum is a nice , golden color .
You shake it , and all kinds of life comes out : shrimp , crabs , worms , sea slugs .
The place is really just bursting with life .
It ’s the base of the food chain .
And these areas we ’re seeing here by comparison are quite dead , ” he said .
“ It ’s amazing .
We ’ll see flying fish , and they ’ll land in this stuff and just get stuck . ”
Hardest hit of all , it appears , are the sea jellies and snails that drift along the gulf ’s surface , some of the most important food sources for sea turtles .
“ These animals drift into the oil lines and it ’s like flies on fly paper , ” Witherington said .
“ As far as I can tell , that whole fauna is just completely wiped out . ”
* * *
The turtle rescue team sets out at 6 a.m. in the muggy warm stillness of the harbor at Venice , La .
The researchers move into the open gulf about an hour later , past a line of shrimp boats deputized to lay boom along the coastal marshes .
Closer to the Deepwater Horizon site , the water takes on a foreboding gray pallor tinged with a rainbow - like sheen .
Soon , the oil begins swirling around the boat and the seascape smells like an auto mechanic ’s garage .
Strewn among the oil and seaweed are human flotsam : an orange hardhat , a pie pan , a wire coat hanger , yellow margarine - tub lids , a black - and - green ashtray .
The crew has found papers — long at sea on global currents — bearing inscriptions in Spanish , Arabic , Greek and Chinese .
The only sound that breaks the stillness is the deep thrum of the motors of the large charter boat and a small skiff carrying the turtle researchers .
From dawn until nearly dusk , across sargassum islands that normally are alive with birds looking for crabs and snails — bridal terns , shearwaters , storm - petrels — only one bird is seen .
“ What ’s amazing is there ’s so little bird life out here right now .
Either they ’ve moved on , or the oiling has had a tremendous impact , ” said Kate Sampson , a researcher with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration who is part of the turtle rescue team .
“ We saw a few yesterday .
We saw a few laughing gulls fly by .
They were oiled , but they could still fly .
And we saw a northern gannet , a diving bird .
It was oiled too , ” she said .
“ I can only imagine that the birds left because the dining hall is closed . ”
Soon , the rising towers of the Discoverer Enterprise drill ship , which is collecting oil and gas from the damaged well , and the tall rigs boring two relief wells miles into the seabed appear through the haze .
A flare of burning natural gas is silhouetted against the gray hull of the ship .
The Premier Explorer , which is helping coordinate cleanup operations at the broken well , announces the day ’s burn box : A 500 - square - mile field within which 16 controlled burns will be conducted .
In the days since the April 20 explosion on the Deepwater Horizon , more than 5 million gallons of oil have been consumed in more than 165 burns .
“ The real issue is to stop this thing at the source , do maximum skimming , in - situ burning — deal with it as far off shore as possible , and do everything you can to keep it from getting to shore , because once it ’s into the marshes , quite frankly , I think we would all agree there ’s no good solution at that point , ” Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen told reporters last week .
But the burn operations have proved particularly excruciating for the turtle researchers , who have been trolling the same lines of oil and seaweed as the boom boats , hoping to pull turtles out of the sargassum before they are burned alive .
Much of the wildlife here seems doomed in any case .
“ We ’ve seen the oil covering the turtles so thick they could barely move , could hardly lift their heads , ” Witherington said .
“ I wo n’t pretend to know which is the nastiest . ”
Yet in one case , the crew had to fall back and watch as skimmers gathered up a long line of sargassum that had n’t yet been searched — and which they believe was full of turtles that might have been saved .
“ In a perfect world , they ’d gather up the material and let us search it before they burned it , ” Witherington said .
“ But that connection has n’t been made .
The lines of communication are n’t there . ”
The smoke starts rising on the horizon at midday .
The two boats carrying the researchers head in different directions , hoping to find and rescue a few more turtles before their mission wraps up .
They find 11 , all of them heavily speckled with oil .
Each day , the chances of rescues grow smaller .
That there are still so many left stranded in the oil without food is a small miracle .
Their long - term chances “ are zero , ” Witherington said .
“ Turtles just take a long time to die . ”
kim.murphy@latimes.com
Striking workers at a plant that supplies parts for Honda Motors ' China operations have issued a long list of demands , with hopes of winning better salaries and working conditions commensurate with the country 's growing economic clout .
Stoppages at foreign - run factories across China by workers demanding pay increases disrupted operations for several weeks in May and June , but the wave of unrest tapered off by the end of last month .
The latest strike kicked off on Monday when the Atsumitec Co plant in Foshan , South China 's Guangdong province , tried to fire 90 workers who demanded better pay and working conditions .
The workers have asked their Japanese management to issue an apology for its conduct during the standoff and to promise not to lay off any employees for the next two years .
The workers are also seeking a monthly wage increase of about 500 yuan ( $ 74 ) .
Monthly wages currently stand at about 980 yuan .
One worker said the two sides talked for about 20 minutes on Thursday , but the management failed to respond to their demands .
No talks were set for Friday .
On Friday morning , roughly half of the 200 - strong workforce was milling about the grounds of the plant , which manufactures car gear sticks .
Three police cars were parked outside the plant at a distance monitoring the workers , but there were no signs of trouble .
" We had no choice ( but ) to strike , " said a line manager .
" Otherwise , the 90 workers would be fired .
That would be too miserable . "
Atsumitec informed Honda that some production had resumed at the plant on Thursday evening , a Honda spokesman in Japan said .
He added that the strike had not impacted Honda 's China car making operations .
A factory worker confirmed that some production had restarted after the company brought in outsiders to work .
Meantime , the factory had ceased providing drinking water to strikers , he added .
The factory supplies parts to Dongfeng Honda , a tie - up with Dongfeng Motor Group Co and Guangqi Honda , Honda 's joint venture with Guangzhou Automobile , a worker said .
The wave of labor unrest at foreign - funded companies hit a peak in June .
The last reported stoppage , at Japanese - owned Tianjin Mitsumi Electric Co , ended on July 3 .
Labor costs in China have been rising , partly encouraged by the government that wants to turn farmers and workers into more confident consumers .
Source : China Daily - Reuters
Playing as Kratos , may help you stop turning into Kratos , says a study from the Texas A&M International University .
If certain well - meaning , but misinformed , people are to be believed , playing videogames can make you aggressive and possibly even violent .
But a new study , conducted by Dr. Christopher J. Ferguson of Texas A&M International University , suggests that in reality the opposite is true , and that playing a game , especially a violent one , can actually help relieve stress and make people less violent .
The study took a group of 103 young adults and gave them a frustrating task to perform .
Each participant then played either a non-violent game , a violent game with a good versus evil theme , a violent game where you play as a villain , or no game at all .
The results of the tests showed that those who had played the violent games were much better at managing stress than those who had not .
" It probably wo n't come as a surprise to gamers that playing games may reduce stress , although others have been skeptical of this idea , " Ferguson said .
" This is the first study that explores this idea , however .
It does seem that playing violent games may help reduce stress and make people less depressed and hostile . "
Ferguson said while these results could n't be considered conclusive and that more research was necessary , he believed that violent videogames could be used to help those with emotional issues better handle their frustrations , without escalating to actual violence .
While this study is n't going to end the debate over violent media , it is encouraging to have another piece of evidence to refer to when the subject inevitably comes round again .
Source : CVG
LeBron James , by objective measures the best player in the NBA , and a strong candidate to be the best ever in the sport , has created an experiment .
Instead of joining the best team he could , he cast his lot with two very talented friends and a savvy organization .
The rest of the roster is essentially a mystery , and cheap one at that .
Could that possibly work ?
Maybe .
No one -- not Pat Riley , not Erik Spoelstra , not LeBron James -- really knows .
But they 're about to try .
It ought to be fun to watch , especially as there 's a feel - good , almost fairy - tale angle : Dwyane Wade , LeBron James and Chris Bosh really like playing together .
This is sports at its most basic .
You and your friends feel good when you meet at the park ?
You like how your skills mesh ?
Often the difference between superstars and other NBA players is work .
It 's not a hard and fast rule .
But a lot of superstars have unbalanced lives .
They put work first .
They have more passion , more drive , more willingness to improve every little thing .
In this , these players saw birds of a feather , and they flocked together .
And it was no small whim .
While their actual salaries are yet to be determined , they will be taking fairly massive pay cuts -- tens of millions -- to bet on their conviction that they 'll find what they want playing together .
Before this whole thing started , I was asking all kinds of NBA people what they thought would happen .
An agent told me confidently that you almost never go wrong assuming every player will go where they can get the most money .
So Wade would stay in Miami .
James would stay in Cleveland .
And Bosh would go somewhere by sign - and - trade .
That is not what happened at all .
Instead , the three united in the only city of the six on James ' list which , according to a sophisticated study presented by the Knicks , gave James a zero percent chance at becoming a billionaire .
In many ways it 's one of the most amazing , selfless and unabashedly positive stories in sports .
But that 's not how people are seeing things for now .
Instead , people are livid at the reviled James .
The feeling is that the arrogant James has finally revealed his true self .
I get that from Cleveland .
This is a divorce .
Miami is the new girl .
Cleveland is the high - school sweetheart who did the hard work of raising the kids .
Cleveland was always going to be pissed .
But somehow strong emotions have been stirred all over the country .
People hate the Heat .
I have heard people say they will buy NBA League Pass for the first time in their lives just to root against the Heat .
Poke around on Twitter , or even on the Cavaliers ' official team website , and you 'll see that James is being called every name in the book , from cowardly to egomaniacal .
What is James ' crime , exactly ?
I have been hashing out this issue with e-mailers over the last few hours .
Most accept that he had the right to choose whatever team he wanted .
Most accept that Cleveland was not the best team .
Most accept that he played hard for the Cavaliers and -- this year 's playoff disappointment notwithstanding -- got better results than could have been expected .
Pretty much it boils down to the fact that he put himself on TV to make this decision , which sends the twin messages that he has an overblown view of his own role in the world , and that he 's insensitive to how the whole thing would play in Ohio .
And OK , fair enough .
Quibble with his media philosophies if you 'd like .
But realize , if you 're bitter , you 're bitter about the format of his expression .
Not the contents of his soul .
And absent evidence he has done something actually wretched , it 's a little extreme to call him nasty names on the Internet , is n't it ?
In this world of ours , you will find some truly terrible people .
There are murderers .
There are rapists .
There are abusers , bullies , polluters , dictators and everything else .
And this is the guy you need to single out ?
Even in the NBA 's own pantheon , you will find Magic Johnson who once got a coach fired , Kobe Bryant who stood in a parking lot on hidden camera cursing his own team and coaches , Michael Jordan who fought with and bullied teammates .
The list goes on and on .
The point is , if you 're in the mood to be charitable , you can love just about anybody .
If you 're in the mood to hate , you can hate just about anybody .
Why is it that so many are in the mood to hate LeBron James ?
A theory :
It 's because he stepped out of place .
Players play .
That 's how it was .
They are quiet and sweaty craftsmen who ought not to be heard from except to call out plays and say " yessir " to the coach .
The way sports used to be , owners did things like make billion - dollar decisions and general managers and agents did things like agonize over personnel .
But that was always a myth .
The owners , GMs and agents may have seemed like they held all the cards , but that 's only because players were n't great at wielding the power they had .
The players always drove the value , because they are what motivated the fans who paid for everything .
It has taken decades , but eventually a player -- this player -- figured out how to really put himself in the driver 's seat , with billionaire owners lining up , one by one , attempting to earn his valuable affections .
He took the power of free agency and instead of just quietly using it to slip out the back door , he milked it .
He played it out .
He built his own roster .
He played kingmaker .
He went beyond exercising his rights .
He demonstrated his might in the worlds of business , team management and media .
It 's not a role we 're used to seeing athletes in , and it startled many .
But I 'm certain it's a role athletes belong in .
People have analyzed how much a superstar like James is worth to a team .
It 's many times what he is paid every year , and has been throughout his career .
It rivals what the whole team is worth .
He has been paying the bills , in no small way , for the Cavaliers for years .
That might not be appealing to think about , but it 's true .
James knows that , and -- even though it's not in the playbook of how athletes typically speak to the public -- he acted like it .
Powerful people flexing their muscles in public is not uncommon .
Have you seen Donald Trump ?
And even though James could not have been more respectful -- he thanked the six teams he met with , and did n't say a bad word about anybody -- he knew he was in the power seat .
Some preferred a world where no athlete had ever done that .
But that day is gone , and it 's never coming back .
My best guess is that the trappings of July 8 will fade quickly from view , and , as before this event , winning is all that will matter in how James is ultimately judged .
If he gets titles , like Johnson , Bryant and Jordan all will be forgiven .
But if I 'm wrong , well then I guess that 's OK too .
The NBA just gained a ton of new must - see games .
The Heat vs. the Cavaliers .
The Heat vs. the Bulls .
And the Heat vs. the Lakers , Celtics , Knicks , Nets , Magic and everybody else .
The show will go on , and James will be in the role he created for himself years ago , and cemented tonight , as the center of attention .
Allegri is regarded as one of Italy 's brightest young coaches
Serie A club Cagliari have paved the way for Massimiliano Allegri to succeed Leonardo as AC Milan coach after they released him from his contract .
" Following a request by AC Milan , president Massimo Cellino decided to release him " said a Cagliari statement .
" Cagliari have not requested any compensation , given the impossibility of quantifying the value of feelings . "
Allegri , 42 , has been Milan 's long - term choice to succeed Leonardo , who was sacked after one season in charge .
The 40 - year - old Brazilian stepped up from his role as Milan 's technical director to succeed Carlo Ancelotti in May 2009 when the Italian left for Chelsea .
But Leonardo struggled to improve an ageing team , with Milan finishing third , 12 points behind city rivals Inter as they failed to win a first title since 2004 .
JULY 23 -- An animal rights activist who has the word " Vegan " tattooed on his throat was arrested last night and charged with arson for allegedly burning down a Colorado factory that sells a variety of sheepskin products .
Walter Bond , 34 , is also suspected of torching a leather factory in Utah and a restaurant serving foie gras and other wild game .
Bond , pictured in the mug shot at left , appears to be affiliated with the shadowy Animal Liberation Front , which has published communiques on its web site about the arson attacks ( which are credited to an ALF member known as " Lone Wolf " ) .
According to an affidavit sworn by federal agent Rennie Mora , Bond yesterday admitted to the arsons in a recorded meeting with a confidential informant .
The affidavit , excerpted here , notes that Bond explained he " used the nickname ' Lone Wolf ' and these businesses all represented animals wolves typically hunt . "
After Bond 's arrest , agents searched his backpack and found " propaganda literature titled , " The Declaration of War -- Killing People to Save the Animals and the Environment -- Strike a Match Light a Fuse We've Only Have the Earth to Lose . "
If convicted of the April 2010 arson at the Sheepskin Factory in Glendale , Colorado , Bond faces a maximum of 20 years in prison .
( 7 pages )
Flying back to Los Angeles from New York on Wednesday afternoon , I was working on Thursday night 's mega - mailbag when a nice lady sitting next to me recognized me and said hello .
We made small talk for a few minutes .
She asked me what I was working on .
" A mailbag , " I told her .
" I 'm sifting through everyone 's questions and trying to figure out which ones should make the cut . "
" Really ? " she said .
" I always thought you made the questions up . "
Nope .
Not for 13 years .
Never have had to .
My readers have always delivered the goods .
And that 's why every mailbag has started the same way : " As always , these are actual questions from actual readers . "
Q : LeBron made announcement at 6:27 pm PT .
Surprised he did n't do it at 6:24 so he'd be guaranteed to be Finals MVP next year .
-- Ryan , Indianapolis
SG : ( Shhhhhhhhhhh . )
Q : For my 24th birthday , my roommates bet me I could n't take 24 shots .
They were right and I only made it 6 shots before I blew chunks .
Thankfully , my roommate is a Lakers fan and he still named me MVP of my birthday .
-- Dan , Davis , Calif .
SG : ( Shhhhhhhhh no talking in the dugout . )
Q : Given his postgame exuberance , I think that it is time to coin a phrase , " Ron Artest happy " to describe someone 's rare , but genuine , extreme joy .
For example , on the birth of my third child , after having two daughters , I was Ron Artest happy when I saw it was a boy .
Thoughts ?
-- Greg , Miami
SG : Damn it !
We were 25 questions from an all " 6 - for - 24 " mailbag .
That would have made me Ron Artest Happy .
By the way , Greg left out the spinoff of Ron Artest Happy -- Ron Artest Unhappy , which describes both Celtics fans after Game 7 and Indiana fans still bitter about the Artest melee destroying their franchise six years earlier ( and now , as the ultimate ignominy , they had to watch him celebrate a title ) .
Q : Am I the only one who wants to see 20,000 Cleveland fans with fake knives stuck on their backs when Lebron arrives in his new Miami uniform next year ?
-- Avi , San Francisco
SG : At the very least , it 's going to make for a fantastic Halloween costume :
Take your LeBron Cavs jersey you do n't need anymore , pour some fake blood on the back , tape a knife handle on it and you 're good to go .
Voila !
Instant 2010 - 11 Cavaliers fan .
Q : Has there ever been a Home Run Derby contestant without a son between the ages of 4 and 8 ?
-- Mike , Long Island , N.Y .
SG : No . Never .
But thanks for bringing this up .
I went to the 2010 Home Run Derby and can officially report that it has passed NBA All - Star Saturday as the No. 1 sporting event in which you 're super excited to go , you show up , you find your seats , you watch about 15 minutes of it , then you remember , " Oh wait , I forgot , this totally sucks . "
As opposed to the MLB All - Star Game , which everyone knows will suck even as they 're driving to the stadium .
While we 're here , allow me a second " by the way " on top of the previous " by the way " ( and it 's an idea I came up with last year , but it 's worth mentioning again , and every year until they do it ) : Instead of voting on All - Star starters , we should be voting on All - Star closers .
The best players should play from the fifth inning on ( and through extra innings ) .
The best starting pitchers should pitch from the fifth inning on .
The best two closers should pitch the ninth inning .
And if the game goes extra innings , you should be allowed to reuse players .
Think about how flawed the current format is :
The best 20 to 22 players in the game do n't decide the game .
It would be like the NBA saying , " All right , for the fourth quarter of our All - Star Game , only the reserve guys can play . "
It 's inane .
It 's idiotic .
It 's fan - unfriendly .
Give me one reason they should n't adopt my plan over the current one .
You can't .
Q : Who you got for the next " Child Actor who goes off the deep end " ala the 2 Coreys .
I 'm going with the kid from " Two and a Half Men . "
He makes $ 500 K per episode !
-- Ryan , Indianapolis
SG : Way to go out on a limb .
That 's like predicting Jessica Simpson is going to gain some weight over the next 20 years .
I say , twist it around :
Which current child star WON'T go off the deep end ?
I pick Justin Bieber , and here 's why : He 's Canadian .
Canadians do n't go off the deep end .
Lock it down .
Sure , it 's going to be weird seeing him in 15 to 20 years when he 's the exact same size he is now ( and has a comb - over ) .
But I say he 's safe .
Q : Would you have disagreed with an Atlanta Hawks fan assassinating Joe Johnson before he could sign that max $ 120 million contract ?
-- Jared , Milwaukee
SG : I disagree with premeditated murder in all forms .
Just one of my controversial takes on life .
But you did stumble upon a fantastic sports movie idea :
A die - hard Minnesota fan tortured by years of losing finally snaps after bumbling Wolves general manager David Kane ( played by Greg Kinnear ) signs overrated franchise player Ruben Tugg ( played by Drake ) to a franchise - crippling $ 120 million deal , then vows on a sports radio show to murder Tugg in the 10 days leading up to July 15 ( when Tugg can officially sign the contract ) , prompting Minneapolis police to send rising star detective Jennie Jamieson ( played by Megan Fox ) to protect Tugg for those last 10 days and , of course , Tugg and Jamieson end up falling for each other , much to the chagrin of Jennie 's boss ( Bunk from " The Wire " ) .
At the end of the movie , the fan somehow gets into the news conference and tries to shoot Tugg , taking down Kane instead , and eventually gets pardoned by the judge ( a longtime Wolves fan ) for saving the franchise .
I like this concept because it could be a real movie ( like a cross between " The Fan , " " Big Fan " and " The Bodyguard " ) or a Skinemax thriller ( and if that 's the case , we 'll make Jennie and her boss a divorced couple , leading to the climactic sex scene when they get back together at the end ) .
The title of the movie ?
" Expired Contract . "
Q : The Decision had to be one of the five biggest days in the history of the NBA to not happen on the court .
What would be your top 5 for this category ?
For me it goes like this :
1 . Magic announces he has HIV ; 2 . Jordan 's first retirement ; 3 . The Decision ; 4 . Len Bias ; 5 . Jordan announcing he 's coming back .
Your thoughts ?
-- Luke , Rochester , N.Y .
SG : Mine goes like this : ( 1 ) Magic / HIV ; ( 2 ) Bias ; ( 3 ) " The Decision " ; ( 4 ) MJ 's 1995 comeback ; ( 5 ) the day the Fab Five guys decided to wear loose shorts , which eventually persuaded everyone in the NBA except John Stockton to wear loose shorts ( and ended the Nut - Hugger Era ) .
Q : I have a 13 - year - old daughter .
Despite my best efforts to raise her surrounded by quality music , movies and entertainment , she still walks around singing Journey songs and going to Robert [ Pattinson ] movies .
My question to you is , what will you do when your kids become Lakers ' fans ?
-- John Klossner , South Berwick , Maine
SG : Disown them .
Then disown myself .
When my kids were babies , I thought about holding Yankees hats and Lakers hats over their heads in their crib , then pinching them until they started crying ( to condition them to instinctively hate those logos / colors ) .
Then I realized that was barbaric and probably would get me thrown in jail .
Still , if your kids root for teams you hate , that means you 've failed as a parent and you probably should just give the kids away and try again .
Also , it could n't be easier to brainwash young kids into liking what you like -- they are easily impressionable and want to do whatever their parents are doing .
My kids watch " Scooby - Doo " all the time .
It 's their favorite show by far .
Why ?
Because I told them " Scooby - Doo " was funny and fake - laughed my butt off the first three times I watched an episode with them .
Really , I just thought it was the most tolerable kid's show -- I could n't stand any more passive - aggressive conflicts with androgynous animals as annoying music played -- and was selfishly thinking of my own needs .
But if I could brainwash them that easily to watch a handpicked cartoon , the Boston teams should be a piece of cake .
( Although a small part of me regrets not coming up with this idea sooner .
You know , " Clockwork Orange " - style reinforcement .
I really think that would have worked .
Wait , am I saying this out loud ? )
Q : Is " If you wrote it as a movie script , nobody would believe you " the most overused line in sports ?
-- @caffmeister ( via Twitter )
SG : I would have agreed until " I 've decided to take my talents to South Beach " became an iconic sports quote along the lines of Denny Green 's " They were who we thought they were ! " and Mike Gundy 's " I 'm a man ! I 'm 40 ! "
I think " taking my talents to South Beach " will be overused because it 's so malleable -- in just the past two weeks , it became a phenomenal masturbation euphemism and replaced " I 'm gonna go take the Browns to the Super Bowl " as the funniest way to announce to a group of people that you 're heading to the bathroom ( and not to pee ) .
On top of that , it 's a fun way to announce to friends that you 're moving , getting married or switching jobs , as my buddy House proved in a mass e-mail last week that started , " After eight years working for the government , I 've decided to take my talents to the private sector . "
And every time you use it comedically , you 're poking fun at the most narcissistic television event of this decade and something that 's become the scarlet letter of ESPN .
What 's not to love ?
By the way , there 's a 13.4 percent chance you 're reading a printed - out version of this mailbag right now while taking your talents to South Beach .
And nodding .
Q : ( Off the NBA draft . )
Do n't you wish we had a " must improve " caption in real life ?
For example , meeting a potential girlfriend for the first time , you 'd get to see a " must improve : sanity " graphic .
Could save 10 years of your life .
Where else would you like to see it ?
-- Ted , Wilmington , Del .
SG : Just with women .
All women should be forced to carry a " MUST IMPROVE " card along with their driver 's license .
Q : Soccer still is n't going anywhere in America for this reason :
People like me , who only watch soccer whenever the World Cup is on , are hated by actual soccer fans .
They would rather have us not watch soccer at all rather than start watching soccer and rooting for the U.S. during the World Cup .
It kills them to see people watching who do n't normally .
I have heard people say things to other people along the lines of " you do n't even know the rules " and " if you do n't know what 's going on then do n't watch . "
Ironically , diehard soccer fans here are actually hurting soccer 's progress here in the U.S. .
-- Brandon P , Zanesville , Ohio
SG : You just introduced a premise called " The Cult of Status Quo . "
Sometimes when people become die - hard fans of something that is n't mainstream -- a writer , a band , a player , a TV show , a sport or whatever -- they want to keep that thing the way it is over seeing that thing take off .
Why ?
Because it 's cooler to like something that is n't mainstream popular .
Because mainstream popularity begets bandwagon fans and people who are n't as sophisticated about that product .
Because it 's more fun to love something before it takes off than after it takes off .
Hence , it 's easier for original fans to dump on newer fans than to tolerate them and hope they advance the cause of whatever they like .
I notice this every time I mention the UFC or poker -- there 's this bizarre ( and totally dismissive ) backlash , as if I 'm not allowed to watch those sports or even mention them because I 'm not a real fan .
Well , how do you become a real fan ?
By liking a sport without disliking the core people who like it .
So it 's a self - perpetuating cycle , and as weird as this sounds , the original fans like it that way .
It maintains their ownership of the product .
When the product outgrows them ( specifically in the case of a creative entity ) , that 's when the core fans start throwing around phrases like " jumped the shark " and " sold out , " mostly because they 're bitter it 's not just them and the product any more .
With soccer , die - hard American fans love the World Cup itself , but they hate everything that comes with it ; the World Cup drudges up the same storylines they 've learned to despise ( " Soccer ca n't take off unless X , Y or Z happens , " " Our best athletes do n't play soccer , " " It can never be big here unless there 's more scoring " and " They should get rid of offsides , " to name four ) .
I do n't blame them for reacting negatively to that stuff , but you would n't call them welcoming , either .
And they have taken a ton of crap over the years , which tends to harden the line between real fans and everyone else .
I can tell you that in the past 15 months , when I wrote about soccer a few times and it became clear that it was more than a bandwagon thing , and that I was actually starting to understand what I was watching -- the feedback from die - hards has been tremendous ( and much appreciated ) .
They just need to be a little less condescending with neophytes .
For fun , I asked David Hirshey ( soccer historian , author of " The ESPN World Cup Companion " ) and Michael Davies ( TV producer , World Cup blogger ) for their takes :
Hirshey : " The question of authenticity among fans is hardly soccer - centric .
I started watching ' Mad Men ' after the third episode had aired .
I have a friend who became obsessed with the series once the first season DVD came out .
Now he never misses an episode .
Are we bandwagon jumpers ?
Sure , if you want to view it that way .
Me , I just want everyone to love soccer the way I fell for it back in the late 1960s -- when you had to walk 10 miles ( OK , blocks ) , in the snow , just to hear the score of a Man U - Arsenal game .
Does being a fan for the past 40 plus years make me any more legitimate than someone who embraced the sport this summer because Landon Donovan scored a dramatic goal in the World Cup or Diego Forlan has great hair ?
Absolutely not .
Are there still so - called ' die - hards ' who want soccer in this country to remain a kind of secret Skull and Bones society where membership is passed down through generations ?
Sadly , yes .
I say De Jong them in the chest and tell them to get over themselves . "
Davies : " I completely agree that many die - hard soccer fans in the U.S. have learned to become just as annoying and condescending as die - hard soccer fans in England and all over the world .
Globalization is a wonderful thing .
But that does n't seem to be the main premise of the Q from Zanesville .
What BP is actually arguing is that soccer still is n't going anywhere in the U.S .
And whatever Glenn Beck says , it 's just tough to argue against the empirical data -- TV ratings , website traffic , bar tabs .
They 're all going up during and around soccer games .
That seems to indicate that however annoying or casual the fans are , or however annoying they are to each other , they are still watching .
Yes , the World Cup more than anything else .
But U.S. interest in the English Premier League and Champions League and the ratings and website traffic surrounding those leagues is growing significantly , too .
There are even people who watch Major League Soccer .
And that may be the biggest miracle of all .
And the biggest proof that soccer must be going somewhere here .
It 's like Daniel Kellison 's [ former executive producer of ' The Man Show ' and ' Jimmy Kimmel Live ' ] heterosexuality test :
Any man can have sex with a model , but only the most heterosexual of men can bring himself to have sex with a truly unattractive woman .
The fact that American soccer fans can sit through 90 minutes of MLS is proof of a love of soccer beyond anything the rest of the world can possibly fathom . "
Q : You 're missing an essential ingredient to American interest in the World Cup : For once America is the underdog , and by quite a bit .
It taps into that " little train that could " American desire that dates back to the Revolutionary War .
Remember America 's greatest sports moment is the '80 US hockey team beating the Russians and really no one here gives a flying F about hockey .
-- Brett , Los Angeles
SG : A great point .
This is the WNBA 's big mistake :
If it ever wants to get people talking in America , it needs to start challenging men's teams and trying to pull its own version of USA 4 , USSR 3 .
My idea : Instead of the WNBA All - Star Game , let 's say the league held a six - team , three - day tournament featuring the 2010 McDonald 's High School All - American boys , a team of retired NBA players , the reigning Division III men 's hoops champs , the Harlem Globetrotters , a team of celebrities and famous athletes ( Terrell Owens , Floyd Mayweather , Michael Rapaport , etc. ) , and the 2010 WNBA All - Stars .
First of all , would you watch ?
( Yes .
Of course you would .
I would , too . )
Second , would it be the biggest moment in WNBA history if its All - Star team won this tournament ?
( Yes. Indisputably . )
Third , if that team got waxed in such a tournament , would anyone hold it against the league ?
( No way . )
Fourth , after 14 seasons and little traction , what does the WNBA have to lose ?
We 're at the " running out of poker chips and starting to make overly aggressive wagers " stage of this WNBA experience .
Time to go all - in with a pair of eights .
Q : As a female , I usually have a hard time admitting that I read your articles .
I have a harder time admitting that I think you 're hilarious .
I feel like I should despise you on principle , because let 's be honest , you 're a pig .
But I do like you .
More than I care to admit .
I find myself referencing you in everyday conversation .
If I can use you to back up what I 'm saying , I think it has more weight .
And when guys find out I like you , they love it ( thanks for that ) .
So my question is , how do you do it ?
How have you managed to make a self - respecting woman eagerly await your next column , even though I 've come to expect you to have at least one disrespectful comment in there ?
-- Amanda , Richmond
SG : Typical e-mail from a female reader : expresses her disgust , insults me , changes her mind three times and ultimately admits that she can't live without me .
I do n't blame Amanda because she 's been weaned on 20 years of chick flicks , and the one rule of chick flicks is this : " Find the one guy who either drives you crazy or you can't have , then fall madly in love with him even though you know it 's completely wrong . "
So she 's been brainwashed to some degree .
She thinks I 'm a pig ; she thinks I 'm hilarious .
She can't live without me .
She 's a woman .
( Was that disrespectful enough ?
By the way , I did n't believe anything in the previous paragraph ; I was just trying to rile you up , Amanda .
I swear . )
Q : Do you realize that , in Eddy Curry , Cuttino Mobley , and now Ronny Turiaf , the Knicks have traded for three guys with serious heart conditions in the last 5 years ?
-- Kevin , New York
SG : Sadly , this does n't even crack the " Top 10 Reasons The James Dolan Era Has Been a Colossal Failure in New York . "
Here 's where I thank God one more time that he did n't buy the Red Sox 10 years ago .
( Hold on , I 'm not done thanking God yet . )
( Still going . )
( And we 're good . )
Q : Did the disallowed handball goal in the Ghana - Uruguay game go down as the most blatant exploitation of rules in sports history ?
It was like if goaltending was called on the game winning basket of a Game 7 and instead of counting the basket , the rules dictate that somebody has to make a free throw to win the game .
Are there other rule loopholes like this ?
-- Brad Armstrong , Indianapolis
SG : Only one that I could think of :
If a player were running the winning touchdown down the sideline , then someone on the opposing sideline jumped onto the field and tackled him .
But in college and pro football , I 'm pretty sure that 's an automatic touchdown .
( This actually happened once : in the 1954 Cotton Bowl . )
But that 's the parallel .
Seems like the easy rule fix would be this :
If you commit a goal - line handball in extra time in the World Cup , it 's an automatic goal .
Given that we can't even get instant replay for the World Cup , though , I 'm not holding my breath .
Q : What the Knicks and everyone else should have realized is that nobody cares about their history or playing in MSG .
The only thing athletes care about is playing somewhere warm and having enough space to put their 10,000 sq ft mansion and huge swimming pool for their entourage .
Nobody cares about New York City anymore .
Los Angeles , Phoenix , Orlando and of course Miami are much more attractive destinations for modern athletes .
-- David , San Francisco
SG : This goes back to Colin Cowherd 's Notre Dame Corollary : Everyone older than 35 is amazed that Notre Dame 's football team is n't good , but really , if you 're a high school recruit , it 's not as if you would ever know that Notre Dame was good .
You grew up hearing about Miami , Florida and USC so those are the schools for which you would want to play .
The Knicks have been relevant twice in the past 30 years : the Bernard era ( 1983 - 84 ) and the Ewing era ( 1989 , 1992 - 1995 , 1999 ) .
They have n't won a title since 1973 .
If you 're LeBron James -- only 25 years old , remember nothing before Jordan 's Bulls -- what 's special for him about the Knicks other than the bright lights and that ubiquitous Jay - Z song ?
Nothing .
Sad but true .
Q : Right after watching the LeBacle , I could n't help but imagine Jordan 's reaction to the announcement .
I picture MJ chilling in a Vegas lounge , and right after Bron Bron uttered the words " I 'm taking my talents to South Beach , " him taking a puff on a giant cigar , turning to Oak , grinning ear to ear , and smugly saying " What a [ derogatory name also used for cats ] . "
And he'd be right .
-- Joe , Charlestown , S.C .
SG : Jordan intimated as much this past weekend .
As for me , I figured out why the LeBron / Wade alliance bothers everyone beyond the irrefutable " Jordan would have wanted to beat Wade , not play with him " argument .
In pickup basketball , there 's an unwritten rule to keep teams relatively equal to maximize the competitiveness of the games .
That 's the law .
If two players are noticeably better than everyone else , they do n't play together , nor would they want to play together .
If the two guys have any pride at all -- especially if they play similar positions -- then getting the better of each other trumps any other scenario .
They want that test .
Joining forces and destroying everyone else would ruin the whole point of having the game .
It 's like a dad kicking his young son's ass in a driveway one - on - one game .
What 's the point ?
When LeBron and Wade effectively said , " Instead of trying to whup each other , let 's just crush everyone else " and " If these teams end up being uneven , we 're not switching up , " everyone who ever played basketball had the same reaction : " I hate guys like that . "
So when my wife asked in all sincerity , " What 's the big deal if they play together ? "
I could n't really explain it to her other than to say , " It 's a basketball thing .
You just do n't do it . "
Your goal as an alpha dog is to assemble the best team you can and beat the other alpha dogs .
There are five alpha dogs right now : LeBron , Wade , Kobe , Howard and Durant .
If two ended up on the same team by coincidence -- like Kareem and Magic , Shaq and Kobe , or Michael and Scottie -- that 's one thing .
That 's sports .
S--- happens .
But willingly deciding that it would be easier to play together than beat one another ?
Even two weeks later , I can't get over it .
LeBron 's last two Boston games were a massive disappointment to anyone who truly cares about basketball , but for me , copping out by joining forces with Wade was even worse .
And also
Q : Game 7 , Bulls v. Pistons , 1990 .
If LeBron gave us " The Decision , " then at 10:15 in the clip , Michael Jordan -- the unequivocal greatest basketball player of all time -- shows you " The Difference . "
In defeat , in 30 seconds with Pat O'Brien .
-- Craig H , Los Angeles
SG : ( Nodding . )
Q : What really bothers me about LeBron 's decision is the effect it 's going to have on the younger generation .
Young kids everywhere are going to see this and think that it 's better to take the easier road to success instead of taking the chance at being great .
If you have a chance at transcendence but it seems just a little too hard or too much for you to handle , then do n't go for it .
Take the easy road .
That 's the lesson learned and the trend set for this generation .
But then again , this is also the generation that airs out their beef on Facebook / Twitter .
This is the generation that could never understand what JFK 's quote " We do this not because it is easy , but because it is hard " really means .
Hell , this is the generation that thinks the greatest rapper of all time is a Canadian who got famous because he was on a Nickelodeon show .
So maybe LeBron 's just a product of his time and he 's just doing what he thinks is right .
But what do I know ?
Call me old - fashioned , but then again I 'm only 21 .
-- Sopan , New Brunswick , N.J.
SG : ( Still nodding . )
Q : Dr. Drew has a theory about the impact of reality TV , and that it has created a generation of people who want to be famous , but do n't want to put in the work to develop the skills or talent to be famous .
Why study or practice or go to acting school or music school , etc. , when you can just get on a reality TV show and be famous instantly ?
Is n't that theory exactly what we have in LeBron ?
He wants to be the greatest of all time , he wants to be a global icon , he wants to be the King , yet he has shown no evidence that he wants to put in the work to really achieve those things .
Instead of spending this offseason working on developing a low post game , or a midrange offense , he spent his time developing his media machine .
He knows the key to being an all - time great is winning titles , but he thinks there is a shortcut to getting there .
Why improve your own game and find a way to make everyone around you better , when he can just piggyback on Dwyane Wade to get there .
There is a scene in " Good Will Hunting " where Dr. Lambeau is talking to Will , and says there are only a handful of people in the world who can tell the difference between Will 's intelligence and his own .
I feel like right now that is LeBron -- talent wise , he is right there with Kobe and potentially he could be right there with the other all - time greats .
But this act of his over the last few months is showing us just what that difference is between LeBron and the others .
-- Andrew Gordon , Washington , D.C .
SG : ( Nodding violently . )
Q : You realize you cited the wrong psychological phenomenon when you reference the vuvuzelas in your World Cup column , right ?
You respond like Pavlov 's dog did to a bell ringing .
Dog heard bell , he knew food was coming .
Simmons hears vuvuzelas , he gets excited for World Cup .
Stockholm syndrome is when hostages develop a reliance on their captors .
Kind of like your relationship with ESPN .
-- Chris Rath , Aberdeen , N.J.
SG : ( Struggling for a comeback )
Q : Have you ever seen who Chris Johnson follows on Twitter ?
It 's rapper The Game , ESPN 's Michael Smith and an unreal slew of hoochies .
Roger Goodell should monitor who his players follow on Twitter and use it as an algorithm to predict who he will have to suspend for six games in future years .
-- Eric A. , New York
SG : I like it !
Sounds like a presentation for the next Sloan conference at MIT .
By the way , has it ever been easier to hook up if you 're a celebrity ?
Just find some hoochie who 's following you , follow her for one day , DM her a couple of times and BOOM !
You 're in a hotel room banging boots the next time you pass through her hometown .
If it goes well , you keep following her .
If it goes badly , unfollow and you never have to hear from her again .
I predict the number of illegitimate kids will skyrocket these next few years and we 'll be calling it the Twitter Boom .
Q : You missed one thing at the NBA draft that only a hypersensitive Seattleite still mourning the loss of the Sonics would catch : Kevin Durant was seated in section 206 at last night 's draft .
206 is Seattle 's area code .
Kill me now .
-- Ben , Seattle
SG : Remember , Cavs fans -- things could be worse .
You could live in Seattle .
Q : When you were creating the Hall of Fame of Faces , how did you fail to push Michael Douglas through on the first ballot ?
In " Fatal Attraction " alone , Douglas manages to put together a Stephen Strasburgian performance , a series of faces that touch upon utter astonishment , terror , rage and bewilderment , often all at once .
You 've got the " She 's Unzipping My Pants in an Elevator , and I Look Like I 've Just Been Shot by a Sniper " Face , the " Wait , Did She Just Say She 's NOT Getting an Abortion ? "
Face , the " My Home Telephone Keeps Ringing , and I Can't Make it Stop " Face , the " Seriously ?
She 's Calling My Office ?
Does n't She Realize This Was Just a Freakin' One - Night Stand ? "
Face , the " Oh God , She 's in My Apartment , and She 's Talking to My Wife " Face , the " I 'm Feeling Completely Impotent as I Hold a Rabbit in a Cage and Slowly Come to the Realization that My Car's Been Vandalized " Face , the " I 'm Listening to Her Taunt Me on a Cassette Recording and Saying Things Like ' I Bet You Don't Even Like Girls !!!!
Ha !!!'
And I Can't Do Anything About It " Face , the " I'm Staring Pensively at the Rain Because I Now Know I'm About to Lose Everything " Face , and my personal favorite , the " I 'm Trying to Strangle Glenn Close , and For Some Reason I Look Like I 've Just Eaten a Bad Batch of Oysters " Face .
Now THAT'S a body of work .
Mix in Douglas ' strong Face performance in " Basic Instinct " ( the " She Just Uncrossed Her Legs and Flashed Me Her Privates " Face , anyone ? ) , and this guy needs a wing in the Face Hall of Fame .
-- Scott Davis , Greenville , S.C .
SG : Great e-mail .
One of the best one - paragraph rants in mailbag history .
But how good was it ?
Let 's go to the guys from ESPN 's NBA studio show for their thoughts .
Stu Scott : Thanks Bill .
I 'm here with Michael Wilbon , Jon Barry , and five - time champion and Hall of Famer , Earvin " Magic " Johnson .
Guys , Bill Simmons has written an astonishing 53 mailbags for ESPN.com .
How many times have they allowed him to parody an ESPN show with one of these fake transcripts ?
That 's right only three times .
But fellas , Scott Davis was KILLING it in the Simmons mailbag this week .
Jon Barry :
You 're right , Stu , he absolutely was .
( Turns to camera as we close in on his face . )
And what I loved about that e-mail was that Scott Davis just brought it .
He just brought the thunder .
He did n't just tell us that Michael Douglas had a lot of faces in " Fatal Attraction , " he described them to us , and that 's what made that e-mail so special , Magic .
Magic : I 'll tell ya what , I would n't want to be Michael Douglas right now !
( Everyone laughs hysterically .
Magic turns to the camera as we close in on his face . )
But seriously , that was a great e-mail .
That was a great , great e-mail .
I do n't know where Scott Davis came up with that stuff , but that was a great e-mail .
We did n't have e-mail when I played with the Lakers , but if we had it , I think I would have sent Kareem an e-mail saying , " Hey Big Fella , I need 15 rebounds from you tonight .
Not 10 .
Not 12 .
FIFTEEN !
( Cut to wide shot of everyone laughing hysterically . )
But that was a great e-mail ( turns to Michael Wilbon ) and I thought that was just a great e-mail , Michael .
Wilbon : Guys , I gotta be honest .
I liked the e-mail but I did n't love it .
Barry : Really ?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Wilbon : I really did n't .
( Wilbon turns to the camera as we close in on his face . )
I 'm not crazy about people writing into Simmons ' mailbag who try to sound like him IN PRINT , and if you 're gonna criticize ANYONE here , maybe it 's Simmons for rewarding people who are TRYING TO SOUND LIKE HIM .
I just think it 's a little narcissistic .
Magic : Narci - what ?????
( Everyone laughs hysterically . )
Wilbon :
And if you 're gonna do an e-mail like that , JB , you have to include EVERY Douglas face .
Barry :
He did n't do that ?!?!?!
Wilbon : Nope !
No , he did n't .
He missed Douglas ' " This crazy chain - smoker just told me she wants to have sex with me , I 'd better ask for the check " Face .
He also missed the " I can't believe I 'm sucking it up and telling my wife that not only did I have an affair but I knocked someone up " Face .
Barry : Great point .
Wilbon : I do n't see how you can spend THAT MUCH time on THAT e-mail without including those two faces , guys .
I really do n't .
Stu : Speaking of faces , Michael Douglas is the only Academy Award - winning actor to have a sex scene in a movie with EIGHT different actresses .
He 's also one of three actors to do a nude scene within six years of winning an Oscar .
The other two ?
Marlon Brando and Kathy Bates .
We 'll be back on the Kia Mailbag Halftime Show right after this .
• CLICK HERE FOR PART II
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com and the author of the recent New York Times best - seller " The Book of Basketball . "
For every Simmons column and podcast , check out Sports Guy 's World .
Follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/sportsguy33.
Does Cantor ’s Diagonalization Proof Cheat ?
Alice and Bob play some set theory games
Raymond Smullyan is a great writer of popular books on logic — especially books on various forms of the liar paradox .
He is also a first rate logician whose book on set theory with Melvin Fitting was just republished by Dover .
This book gives a very readable approach to set theory , especially the independence results of Kurt Gödel and Paul Cohen .
Today I would like to use an example from their book to explain Georg Cantor ’s famous diagonal argument .
I have an idea why some people have difficulty with Cantor ’s beautiful proof .
If you know it well , you may wish to read on anyway ; if you do not know it or do not believe it , then please read on and see if I have something to say .
I have discussed the argument before , but still feel there is something to add to the discussion .
I have never had the pleasure of meeting Smullyan , but have heard a number of stories about him .
One concerns the etiquette at Yale University , where I had my first job in the Computer Science department .
One day I wrote a letter and gave it to a secretary to type up on our CS letterhead .
My letter started
Dear Dr. X :
I am sending you my referee report on
The letter came back slightly changed
Dear Mr. X :
I am sending you my referee report on
I immediately asked why the change from “ Dr. ” to “ Mr. ” ?
The answer was : “ This is Yale , we assume that all professionals have doctorates and call them ` Mr. ’ or ` Ms. ’ and so we never use any formal titles . ”
Okay I was new , I was young , so the letter went out as changed .
Later on I heard a story about Smullyan , who had given a talk at Yale , in the 50’s , before he had his Ph.D.
After his talk there was tea in his honor , and his host introduced Smullyan around to all .
Mr. Blue , Mr. Green , Ms. Red , Mr. Yellow I would like to introduce you to Smullyan .
Note , the introduction was to “ Smullyan ” not “ Mr. Smullyan . ”
I do not know first hand if the story is true or not , but I like it very much .
Let ’s turn to the classic argument of Cantor that proves the reals are uncountable .
Somehow his argument is subtle , and many do not “ get it . ”
There are some who are puzzled when they first see the proof , there are others who never understand it , and there are some who do not believe it at all .
I would like to use Alice and Bob to help explain what the roadblock may be to understanding Cantor .
Alice and Bob Play Some Games
Consider the following simple game that Alice challenges Bob to play .
Alice picks a natural number , which she hides from Bob .
Bob then must try and guess the number .
This is a pretty tough game for Bob , but Alice is quite fair .
She allows Bob to make an infinite number of guesses .
It should be clear that Bob has a simple winning strategy .
He just announces his strategy ; he will say
Eventually he will say and he will win the game .
Alice agrees .
She then challenges Bob to another game .
This time Alice picks a secret that is an integer .
Again Bob has an infinite number of guesses .
Bob thinks for a moment and says his strategy now is to say
They both agree that he wins again .
So far the games have been pretty easy , and Bob is feeling pretty good .
Then Alice says she will pick a pair of natural numbers .
She smiles and asks Bob what is his strategy now ?
This time Bob has to think a bit .
He notices he cannot use a strategy like
and then switch to the pairs
The problem is that if Alice picked he will never get to it ; all of his infinite number of guesses with be of pairs of the form .
Then Bob sees the “ trick : ” guess first and then and .
In general guess all the pairs that sum to before all the pairs that sum to .
If Alice selects , then Bob will guess it when .
He wins again .
Alice has many games like this , but here is the last one she decides to ask Bob .
She said now my secret is a finite set of natural numbers .
She again challenges Bob to guess her secret .
Bob gets this one pretty fast — he is catching on to the games .
He realizes he can just generalize the pair idea .
He breaks his guesses up into groups .
In the group he will guess all finite sets of natural numbers that sum to at most .
Alice gives up , for now , since Bob has handled all her challenges so well .
Let ’s Look at Bob ’s Strategies
In set theory terminology Alice ’s games prove :
The natural numbers are countable .
The integers are countable .
The pairs of natural numbers are countable .
The finite sets of natural numbers are countable .
The third game can be viewed as proving the rational numbers are countable .
Note there was something very special about Bob ’s strategies .
He did not need to keep them secret .
Even if Alice knew his strategy for the second game , for example , she still would lose .
No matter what number she selected , positive or negative , he would eventually guess the number .
This is true of all of Bob ’s strategies .
They win whether or not Alice knows them or not .
This is a very special situation in playing games , even playing infinite games .
Since Bob ’s strategies are so powerful , I believe there should be no argument with the conclusions .
For example , the pairs of natural numbers are countable .
You agree ?
Is Diagonalization Cheating ?
Alice now challenges Bob to another game .
Now Alice selects an infinite set of natural numbers .
Bob task is the same as before : he must guess an infinite series of sets of natural numbers
Bob wins if , as before , one of his sets .
Otherwise , Alice wins .
The classic proof of Cantor shows the following : if Bob selects a strategy and Alice knows his strategy , then Alice can produce an that makes Bob lose .
Recall how she does this .
She looks at each of his sets in turn and decides whether or not to put into her set so that .
Perhaps the point that many find unfair is Alice gets to see Bob ’s strategy .
This seems like a huge advantage .
In the previous games , Bob ’s strategies were so strong that he could allow her to see his strategies .
Now Alice can only be sure of winning if she knows exactly what Bob ’s strategy is .
If Alice does not know his sequence of sets
then she cannot guarantee that she will always win .
Whatever she picks for it might just happen to be .
If that is true , then Bob wins instantly .
Can We Fix
This ?
Cantor ’s theorem is correct , there are more infinite sets of natural numbers than natural numbers .
But there is no strategy for Alice that always wins the game without “ cheating ” — without her seeing exactly what Bob ’s strategy is .
This seems unfair , it seems like Alice is cheating .
Is this the reason you might have been puzzled the first time you saw Cantor ’s proof , or is this the reason you still are worried there is something wrong with it ?
Alice has a fix .
She tells
Bob that she will let him keep his strategy secret , but she will now use a mixed strategy .
That is Alice will pick her secret set randomly .
Now she claims she will win with probability .
She asserts this means that there is no strategy
so Bob always wins .
She further argues that this means the set of all sets of natural numbers is not countable .
If it was , then Bob would have a winning strategy .
Bob thinks about this last statement .
In all the previous games he won because the sets were countable , he agrees that if she can win even some of the time , then Alice is right .
Alice says here is how she picks : each is in her set with probability exactly .
The claim , from Alice , is that the probability for any set Bob picks is .
Thus , the probability that her secret set is in his list is bounded above by the union bound by
Alice thus wins with probability , and Bob agrees that he has no infinite list of all the sets of natural numbers .
He sees that if there were a complete list of all infinite sets of natural number , then mixed strategy or not , Alice would always lose .
Bob would eventually hit Alice ’s set .
Do you agree ?
Open Problems
This discussion is related directly to a previous discussion I had on various proofs that the reals are uncountable .
There was strong discussion before whether or not the random proof is valid .
I think the point here is that the randomization is needed to make the game between Alice and Bob “ fair . ”
What do you think ?
The iPhone 4 may be launching on all the major Canadian carriers tomorrow , but we 're only just now starting to get the actual details on what they 'll be offering .
Rogers is the first out of the gate and , for a change , it looks like folks in the US may just be a tad jealous of their northern neighbors .
It 's not only offering the iPhone 4 for a further discounted price -- $ 159 for the 16GB and $ 269 for the 32GB on a three - year contract ( for both new and existing customers eligible for a hardware upgrade ) -- but it 's bringing back its 6 GB data plan for $ 30 a month as well .
On top of that , Rogers is also offering a new iPad sharing plan that will let you share those 6GB between the two devices for an extra $ 20 a month .
Still no official word from the other carriers , but MobileSyrup has turned up a leak that suggests
Bell will be offering 6GB for $ 30 as well , and iPad sharing for just $ 10 a month -- although that 's yet to be confirmed .
We 'll keep you posted as more plans are announced .
Bell just flipped the switch , and their numbers are largely the same with one notable exception -- iPad data sharing is an additional $ 10 a month instead of $ 20 , just as had been rumored .
Thanks , everyone !
Making videos in one continuous shot is n’t new .
Old Spice has done it with Isiah Mustafa and his horse , Ok Go has done it with their treadmills , and Nyle has done by Letting the beat build .
But , it ’s not easy .
Prolonged shots require lots of planning and intensive pre-production preparations .
Once you head into the production phase , there are still a lot of elements you ca n’t really plan for .
Things go wrong and you have to reset the shot , actors and set .
For Joe Childress and Jonathan Combs , making a music video for Tim Halperin ’s “ She Runs ” was a creative challenge they wanted to take .
It was a project to help them expand their creative wings while living day to day in corporate America .
The music video they each co-directed , past the break , was shot on a Canon 5D Mark II and only used a budget of about $ 500 .
This just comes to show you that creativity will always be worth more than money .
The imperfections of this video is what makes it perfect .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G94-Z4RDLzs[/youtube]
Joe sent me the above YouTube video asking if I could post it on our site .
After watching it , I could n’t just post about it , I had to find out more about the people behind the video and how it was done .
Check out the webcam recorded interview below to learn more about Tim , Joe and Jonathan and how they created such a creative music video .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3917810&dest=-1 ]
A record attempt has been started invoving bittorrent , to see just how many seeds can be on one torrent .
The current record for simultanious seeds on a torrent is around 124,000 , set for an episode of Heroes .
The attempt uses a small image file for the contents , and already has a decent number of seeds .
The record attempt was started just after midnight UK time , on July 1st ( approx 1 hour ago , at time of writing ) and hopes to reach it ’s target within a week .
Graham , who came up with the attempt , was curious as to just how big a swarm could get , as well as for the main reason of records – to have the person responsible immortalised , even if only briefly , and the initial advertisment was via the UK Pirate Party IRC channel .
[ 19:08.41 ] < Jigsy >
Anyone interested in a little brainchild of mine ?
[ 19:09.16 ] < Jigsy >
http://jigsy.ath.cx/World_Record_For_Most_Seeds_[28A493EE].jpg.torrent
[ 19:09.19 ] < Jigsy >
Download , seed , that ’s it
( Times in US Eastern ) .
The content can be downloaded from the above link , or by using this Magnet URI
magnet :?xt=urn:btih:HPKGEHD2RDJBLIWIXKJ42HWUSQBUDVTX&dn=World_Record_For_Most_Seeds_[28A493EE].jpg&tr=http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce
( requires utorrent or similar , will not work with Vuze – If you need some help using a magnet URI , then watch this video )
I ’ll keep you posted on how it ’s going .
UPDATE 8 pm EDT : The Torrent file now has some mirrors as well , see the comments for details .
Asbestos has long been known to cause debilitating and often fatal diseases such as lung cancer , mesothelioma and asbestosis .
It is banned or restricted in 52 countries , and its use has plummeted in the United States since its peak in the early 1970s .
But since the mid-1980s , a global network of lobbyists has spent nearly $ 100 million to maintain a market for asbestos , according to an investigation by the Center for Public Integrity .
Borrowing a page from the tobacco industry , these trade associations have funded scientists whose studies raised doubts about the health risks of asbestos and have preserved significant sales by focusing on the developing world .
Today 's remarkable investigation describes the asbestos trade in the countries where it is still flourishing : India , where asbestos use is booming among the rural poor ; Brazil , where one federal inspector has battled the industry for a quarter - century ; Russia , which produces nearly 1 million tons of asbestos each year ; and China , the world 's biggest asbestos consumer .
A leading industry group , the Asbestos Cement Products Manufacturers '
Association , said in the report that the only type of asbestos that is currently used -- chrysotile , or white asbestos -- is much safer than brown or blue asbestos , which were commonly used in the past .
The investigation cites statements by several health organizations warning that all forms of asbestos are dangerous and carcinogenic .
You can read the whole report here .
Simon
Singh takes a quirky look at some of the most important numbers in mathematics .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average last week ended up pretty much where it had been a little more than a week earlier .
A rousing 200 - point rally on Wednesday mostly made up for the distressing 200 - point selloff of the previous Friday .
The Dow plummeted nearly 800 points a few weeks ago -- and then just as dramatically rocketed back up again .
The widely watched market indicator is down 7 % from where it stood in April and up 59 % from where it was at its 2009 nadir .
These kinds of stomach - churning swings are testing investors ' nerves once again .
You may already feel shattered from the events of 2008 - 2009 .
Since the Greek debt crisis in the spring , turmoil has been back in the markets .
At times like this , your broker or financial adviser may offer words of wisdom or advice .
There are standard calming phrases you will hear over and over again .
But how true are they ?
Here are 10 that need extra scrutiny .
1 " This is a good time to invest in the stock market . "
Really ?
Ask your broker when he warned clients that it was a bad time to invest .
October 2007 ?
February 2000 ?
A broken watch tells the right time twice a day , but that 's no reason to wear one .
Or as someone once said , asking a broker if this is a good time to invest in the stock market is like asking a barber if you need a haircut .
" Certainly , sir -- step this way ! "
I am a baby boomer .
I spent seven years in Ann Arbor attending the undergraduate and law schools of the University of Michigan , the home of the “ Hash Bash . ”
( A yearly event of speeches and music centered on reforming marijuana laws )
When I arrived in Ann Arbor in 1966 , I had never heard of marijuana .
Two years later , when I finally figured out what that odor in the hall actually was , I decided to inhale .
As long as I did n’t drive or put anybody in harm ’s way , I was n’t completely sure what the big deal was .
Approximately forty years later I ’m still not sure I understand what the big deal is , although I must admit that my return to Ann Arbor where the penalty of possessing marijuana is only twenty - five dollars for the first offense has greatly influenced my thinking .
( Interestingly , use of marijuana on university property subjects the user to greater sanctions , including jail time . )
Legalization of marijuana is now back in vogue primarily because of it ’s palliative uses .
An ever increasing number of states allow individuals suffering from ailments as diverse as cancer and glaucoma to use marijuana because it actually helps the patient .
Under the legal doctrine of federal “ preemption ” , however , using marijuana for medical purposes is still a crime .
Thus , it really was a big deal when the U.S. Department of Justice announced guidelines which directed federal prosecutors in states which had decriminalized the medical use of marijuana to focus their attention on more serious drug trafficking cases .
In announcing a shift in policy , the Justice Department acknowledged the rights of states to regulate the health and welfare of their own citizens and the unfairness of prosecuting patients with severe illnesses , often terminal illnesses , and caregivers who complied with state laws .
For several years pharmacologists , physicians , and researchers at some of our most prestigious medical centers and universities have advocated the use of medical marijuana .
More recently commentators have focused on the social and economic costs of driving underground the substantial and widespread use of this plant .
My own national bar association , The American Bar Association , supports federal legislation to remove the federal prohibition against the treatment of patients with marijuana “ who are under the supervision of a physician and under controls adequate to prevent diversion or improper use ” .
This policy was first adopted by the Association ’s House of Delegates ( a group which establishes policy for the association ) in 1984 .
As early as 1972 , however , the House of Delegates distinguished the use of marijuana from other controlled substances and dangerous drugs .
As a result of the American Bar Association ’s action , this classified possession of marijuana as a misdemeanor rather than a felony .
Recently , various constituencies within the ABA have discussed a resolution similar to the one recently passed by Washington State ’s King County Bar Association : “ Federal law should not impede or preempt the exercise of state authority to adopt and implement law governing the production , distribution or use of marijuana within a state ’s border . ”
What ’s going on ?
To a large degree , it ’s a simple matter of realizing that history has indeed repeated itself .
Prohibition , as enshrined in the 18th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , did n’t work in the early 20th century and it does n’t work any better in the early 21st century .
Indeed it is now widely accepted that prohibition of alcohol helped to create and sustain numerous organized crime syndicates .
Similarly prohibition of marijuana has helped to create and sustain foreign cartels and lawless gangs which murder innocent citizens both within and outside of our country .
Rather than eliminating alcohol , prohibition merely increased its costs and allowed the product to escape taxation .
The same is true for marijuana .
It is estimated that regulating and taxing marijuana would yield combined savings and taxes of between $ 10 - 14 billion a year .
Illegal marijuana is still California ’s biggest cash crop responsible for approximately $ 14 billion a year in sales .
This is ahead of the state ’s second largest agricultural commonality , milk products , which brings in $ 7.3 billion a year .
California tax collectors estimate that a tax on marijuana would create approximately $ 1.3 billion per year of much needed revenue .
And it ’s anybody ’s guess as to how many fewer prisons would need to be built , staffed and maintained .
Although the debate to legalize marijuana is clearly two - sided , on balance , however , the ayes seem to have it .
Drug policy especially as it relates to marijuana is a total failure .
We have n’t stopped or even curbed it use , and the cost to society as a result of increased incarcerations is incalculable .
This truism was recognized by no less than two former U.S. attorney generals , a former Chief Judge of the Third Circuit Court , and a former president of the American Bar Association when they founded the Voluntary Committee of Lawyers , VCL .
The VCL is an association of lawyers and judges whose members share a strong misgiving about the direction and consequences of the United States ’ drug policy .
Several years ago this committee issued a comprehensive analysis of why we might want to rethink our drug policy which allows for the use of morphine , a constituent of opium , yet prohibits the use of marijuana .
This prohibition helps sustain known terrorists organizations such as the Taliban , Al - Qaeda , Hezbollah and Hamas to tap into the prohibited drug trade to finance their operations .
Thus ironically our drug policies are financing terrorism against the United States and its allies .
Many have observed that it is easier for the average high schooler to obtain marijuana than to buy a six - pack .
The fact that marijuana is “ completely underground ” drug clearly has something to do with this foolish anomaly .
Is n’t it time to fix a policy that is clearly broken ?
Arizona Racial Profiling Law Threatens Civil Liberties
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK –
In response to civil liberties threats caused by the recent passage of Arizona 's racial profiling law , state - based American Civil Liberties Union affiliates across the country are issuing travel alerts informing individuals of their rights when stopped by law enforcement when traveling in Arizona .
The unconstitutional law , known as SB 1070 , requires law enforcement agents to demand " papers " from people they stop who they suspect are not authorized to be in the U.S.
If individuals are unable to prove to officers that they are permitted to be in the U.S. , they may be subject to warrantless arrest without any probable cause that they have committed a crime .
Although the law is not scheduled to go into effect until July 29 , the ACLU is concerned that some law enforcement officers are already beginning to act on provisions of the law .
Moreover , there has been a history of rampant racial profiling by law enforcement in Arizona , especially in Maricopa County , as well as a stated anti-immigrant policy of " attrition through enforcement " by Arizona lawmakers meant to create a hostile enough environment for Latinos and other people of color that they voluntarily leave the state .
" ACLU affiliates across the country are issuing these alerts because it is imperative that individuals understand their rights before traveling in Arizona , " said Anthony D. Romero , Executive Director of the ACLU .
" Under Arizona 's racial profiling law , people who look ' foreign ' are more likely to be stopped for minor infractions and then asked for their ' papers ' if police believe , based on their appearance or accent , that they could be in the country unlawfully .
We hope the alerts provide people with some measure of protection from illegal harassment from law enforcement and inform them of their rights should they encounter it . "
In addition to the travel alerts , the ACLU has made available in English and Spanish materials on individuals ' rights if stopped by law enforcement in Arizona or other states as a result of SB 1070 or for any other reason .
The materials include a downloadable card with instructions – applicable in any state – on coping with vehicle stops and questioning by police , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents or the FBI , as well as a Frequently Asked Questions document about SB 1070 .
The ACLU and other leading civil rights organizations filed a lawsuit challenging the Arizona law in May , but until the law is struck down , the ACLU affiliates warn that individuals traveling in Arizona must be aware of their rights if stopped there .
The following ACLU affiliates are issuing travel alerts today and have provided information on their respective websites : Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Northern California , Southern California , San Diego & Imperial Counties , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Kansas and Western Missouri , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Eastern Missouri , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , New York , Ohio , Oregon , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Virginia , Washington , West Virginia and Wyoming .
Materials informing individuals of their rights when stopped by law enforcement and more information about the Arizona law , including an ACLU video and slide show , can be found at : www.aclu.org/what-happens-arizona-stops-arizona
Materials informing individuals of their rights when stopped by law enforcement optimized for mobile devices is available at : mobile.aclu.org
More information about the ACLU ’s lawsuit , including information on co-counsel and plaintiffs , can be found at : www.aclu.org/immigrants-rights-racial-justice/aclu-and-civil-rights-groups-file-legal-challenge-arizona-racial-pr
( CNN ) --
An upper layer of Earth 's atmosphere recently shrank so much that researchers are at a loss to adequately explain it , NASA said on Thursday .
The thermosphere , which blocks harmful ultraviolet rays , expands and contracts regularly due to the sun 's activities .
As carbon dioxide increases , it has a cooling effect at such high altitudes , which also contributes to the contraction .
But even these two factors are n't fully explaining the extraordinary contraction which , though unlikely to affect the weather , can affect the movement of satellites , researchers said .
" This is the biggest contraction of the thermosphere in at least 43 years , " John Emmert of the Naval Research Lab was quoted as saying in NASA news report .
Emmert is the lead author of a paper announcing the finding in the June 19 issue of the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
" We cannot explain the abnormally low densities , which are about 30 percent lower " than from previous contractions , Emmert told CNN.com .
The thermosphere lies high above Earth 's surface , close to where the atmosphere ends and space begins .
It ranges in altitude from 55 miles ( 90 km ) to 370 miles ( 600 km ) above the ground -- the realm of meteors , auroras , space shuttles and the international space station .
The thermosphere interacts strongly with the sun and hence is greatly influenced by the sun 's solar activity , which occurs in cycles .
When solar activity is high , solar extreme ultraviolet rays warm and expand the thermosphere .
When it 's low , the opposite occurs .
The collapse occurred during what 's known as a " solar minimum " from 2007 to 2009 , during which the sun plunged into an unprecedented low of inactivity .
Sun spots were scarce and solar flares were nonexistent , NASA reported .
Still , the collapse of the thermosphere was bigger than the sun 's activity alone can explain .
Emmert suggests that the increasing amounts of carbon dioxide making its way into the upper atmosphere might have played a role in the anomaly .
Carbon dioxide acts as a coolant in the upper atmosphere , unlike in the lower atmosphere , shedding heat via infrared radiation .
As carbon dioxide levels build up on Earth , it makes its way into the upper levels and magnifies the cooling action of the solar minimum , Emmert said .
As carbon dioxide gradually builds up , " we expect every solar minimum to be a little lower , and then this solar minimum comes along , but instead it 's a lot lower .
And that 's pretty surprising , " said Stanley Solomon , a senior scientist with the National Center for Atmospheric Research who was n't directly involved in this research .
But , Emmert said , even taking into account the solar activity and carbon dioxide buildup does n't fully account for this abnormal collapse .
Despite the puzzling anomaly , the collapse of the thermosphere is unlikely to have a direct effect on our daily lives , said Solomon .
" It 's not going to affect the weather , or you wo n't be able to tell that this is going on by looking at the sky .
It 's not going to look any darker , " he said .
But the contraction of the thermosphere can affect the drag on satellites and space junk orbiting at those levels .
" Debris that 's up there stays up longer .
The amount of orbital debris is a concern for space navigation .
There is concern that space debris is building up , " Emmert said .
The abnormal change in the thermosphere may also affect other layers of the atmosphere , and though less certain , can result in slight disruptions of satellite communications , including global - positioning system signals , Solomon said .
Emmert said there were still other possibilities unaccounted for that could have contributed to this phenomenon .
" It could be that we 're underestimating the effects [ of carbon dioxide ] somehow .
It could be because there were some physics that we 're missing in the region of the atmosphere below the thermosphere , which quickly affects the thermosphere , " he said .
The researchers say they will continue to monitor the upper atmosphere , which is already rebounding .
" So we 're probably going to work in the next couple of years to try and unravel this , " Emmert said .
America 's official unemployment rate declined in June , but the reason was largely because people are opting out of the labor force – not because employers are adding lots of new jobs .
It 's a sign of how difficult the job market remains , and it comes as Congress recessed for the July 4 holiday without extending jobless benefits for the long - term unemployed .
Despite signs of economic recovery in recent months , the overall labor force shrank by 652,000 in June , even though the US population grew , the Labor Department reported Friday .
That helped push the unemployment rate down to 9.5 percent , from 9.7 percent in May .
If the labor force participation rate had held steady for the month , at roughly 65 percent of the civilian population , the unemployment rate would have gone up – to about 10 percent – based on the current number of jobs in the economy .
" As the US population grows by about 200,000 each month , the labor force is also expected to grow , " economist Charles McMillion said Friday in a report analyzing the monthly job - market data .
In his view , the situation " almost guarantees that unemployment will again rise to over 10 percent when more of the unemployed again agree to be counted . "
Earlier this year , as the job market began to show some signs of revival , labor force participation rose – meaning more people began looking for work .
But the influx may have outstripped the number of available new jobs , sending some discouraged workers out of the labor force in the past two months .
The reversal , by Mr. McMillion 's calculation , means that the labor force is no larger than it was when the recession began in late 2007 , even though the adult population has risen steadily since then .
And 1 million fewer people are in the work force now than one year ago .
The central problem is that , with so many already unemployed , there are multiple job seekers for every open position .
Some 6.8 million people have been jobless for 27 weeks or more .
Legislation in the Senate to extend jobless benefits , which have begun to run out for many long - term unemployed , stalled amid disagreement over how to pay for it .
The House has passed an extension of jobless benefits .
Who 's leaving the labor force , or not entering to begin with ?
Labor Department data suggest that the problem spreads across virtually all demographic groups , but the trend is strongest among the men , African - Americans , and the young .
Regionally , the Midwest appears to be most affected .
Here are the numbers :
• Overall , labor force participation has fallen by 1.5 percentage points since January 2008 , as the recession had just begun ( from 66.2 percent of civilian adults – excluding those in prison – to 64.7 percent ) .
• Among men , participation has fallen 2 percentage points , while it has fallen 1.1 percentage points among women .
Looking at 2010 alone , men 's participation has risen slightly – perhaps a sign of rebounding hopes or expectations of finding work , while women 's participation has continued to edge down .
• Among African - Americans , participation has fallen 2.1 percentage points , versus 1.4 for whites .
• By age , participation has declined most for teens ( 7.1 percentage points ) and young workers ages 20 to 24 ( down 3.3 percentage points ) .
Declines have also occurred among older workers , but by amounts smaller than the national average .
• For one age group , those 55 and over , participation has actually risen during and after the recession – a sign of the headwinds facing many people in or near retirement .
Many homes and investment portfolios have lost value .
A silver lining in the June jobs data is that the private sector added at least some jobs ( 83,000 ) for the sixth straight month .
Related :
CIUDAD JUAREZ , Mexico ( AP ) —
The first successful car bombing by a drug cartel brings a new dimension of terror to a Mexican border region already shocked by random street battles , bodies dangling from bridges and highway checkpoints mounted by heavily armed criminals .
The attack , seemingly lifted from an al - Qaida playbook , demonstrated once again that the cartels are a step ahead of both an already guarded public and federal police , who have recently taken over command from the military of the battle against traffickers in Ciudad Juarez , a city across the border from El Paso , Texas .
“ It ’s a lot like Iraq , ” said Claudio Arjon , who owns a restaurant near the scene of the attack and was surveying the damage from behind police lines Saturday morning .
“ Now , things are very different .
It ’s very different .
It ’s very ugly . ”
People in Ciudad Juarez already live under siege .
Like many restaurant owners , Arjon closes his business long before dark every day to avoid criminal gangs that threaten him and his clientele .
Parents take separate cars to the same place so one can warn the other of dangers up ahead .
Ambulance drivers and emergency room doctors come under fire from gang members trying to finish off wounded rivals .
A car bomb was the one thing nobody was expecting .
It was a carefully planned attack designed to catch the extremely wary population and security forces off guard .
A street gang tied to the Juarez cartel lured federal officers and paramedics to the site of the bomb by dressing a bound , wounded man in a police uniform and calling in a false report of an officer shot , said Ciudad Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes .
Among the three people killed was a private doctor who rushed to the scene to help treat the wounded man .
Among the injured was a local TV cameraman who had been filming the paramedics treating the man .
Even in a country where beheadings and drive - by shootings are routine , they could not imagine the cartels would choose that vulnerable moment to strike .
“ In all my time working , nothing like this had ever happened to me , ” Channel 5 cameraman Luis Hernandez said in an interview with Milenio television .
The Red Cross in Ciudad Juarez already instructs their personnel to wait until police cordon off the scene of an attack before treating the wounded — but that was n’t enough Thursday when the attackers clearly waited until everyone was in place before striking .
Now , Red Cross officials said they were instructing their rescuers to look out for anything unusual — a parked car or an abandoned bag — that could be a bomb .
“ They have to think with their heads and not their hearts , ” said Gilberto Contreras , the president of the Red Cross in the city .
Federal police said the bombing attack was in retaliation for the arrest earlier in the day of a top leader of the La Linea gang , which works for the Juarez drug cartel .
Investigators were still trying to determine what type of explosives the attackers used .
Brig .
Gen. Eduardo Zarate , the commander of the regional military zone , said as much as 22 pounds ( 10 kilograms ) of explosives might have been used .
He said it might have been detonated remotely , adding that burned batteries connecting to a mobile phone were found at the scene .
A senior U.S. law enforcement official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the Mexican investigation is ongoing , said it is possible Mexican drug cartels were receiving bomb training from foreign groups — but it is just as likely they are learning on their own .
“ They could be looking at the Internet , and there are publications out there , ” he said .
Mexican federal police have received U.S. - backed training in post - blast investigations , but no security force in the country has experience with patrolling cities that could be mined with car bombs or roadside explosives .
“ There ’s no way the Mexicans are prepared for it , ” said Eric Olson , a senior associate at the Wilson Center ’s Mexico Institute .
“ I hate to say it but the cartels seem to have no limits to the violence and terrible things they are willing to do . ”
Olson said the best way for federal police to confront this new threat would be to improve their intelligence capabilities — an area he called a serious weakness .
“ It requires operational intelligence .
It requires ‘ We know this is going to happen or likely is going to happen in this neighborhood , ’ ” he said .
“ That kind of refined intelligence is extremely difficult anywhere .
But it does n’t seem to be available in a place like Ciudad Juarez . ”
The cartels , on the other hand , “ have an amazing intelligence capability , ” he said .
“ They are far ahead of law enforcement .
All that keeps law enforcement from getting ahead of the curve . ”
Mexican cartels — armed with billions of dollars and networks of informers among corrupt police forces — have long demonstrated their ability to target the highest - ranking security officials and government officials .
Last month , cartel gunmen killed 12 federal police in the western state of Michoacan .
A jailed suspect later described the carefully planned ambush to police , making it clear the gang knew exactly where the police patrol was going to be and when .
And in another first , suspected cartel gunmen assassinated two candidates during campaigning last month for local and state elections , including the leading contender for governor of the northern border state of Tamaulipas .
Never before had drug gangs killed such a high - ranking electoral candidate .
Reyes , the Ciudad Juarez mayor , told The Associated Press that city authorities “ will have to change the way we operate . ”
“ We ’ve started changing all our protocols , to include bomb situations , ” he said .
But there was little information from the federal government on what its next steps would be .
Attorney General Arturo Chavez told a news conference Friday that the nature of the explosives used in the attack was still under investigation , and that there was “ no evidence anywhere in the country of narco - terrorism . ”
It did n’t seem that way to many frightened Mexicans — or police .
“ It ’s terrorism , ” a federal police officer muttered at the bombing scene Saturday .
Yuriria Sierra , a columnist for Excelsior Newspaper , questioned the attorney general ’s remarks : “ With a population terrified to go out because they do n’t know if they will come home , we still ca n’t talk about ‘ narco- terrorism ? ’ ”
“ We do n’t need Al - Qaida to live in fear .
Here , we have everything we need to feel like we live in an environment where narco - terrorism can strike at any moment , ” she wrote .
___
Alexandra Olson reported from Mexico City .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
An introduction to system administration of a Linux system for novices .
“ iPhone DSLR prototype ” mounts Canon EF lenses , enrages purists
Want a guaranteed , sure - fire way to enrage DSLR enthusiasts ?
Call your custom - crafted iPhone 4 mount that allows you to use interchangeable lenses an “ iPhone DSLR prototype “ ; you ’ll soon have them queueing up to point you at the official definition of a single - lens reflex camera .
Still , we ’ll put aside nomenclature because there ’s something sturdily lovely about Jeremy Salvador ’s system , no matter what he wants to call it .
The chassis is a 1.1lb solid piece of anodized billet aluminum with dual handle - grips and a tripod mount ; up front is a Canon EF lens adapter , which Jeremy hopes to extend to support SLR lenses from other manufacturers .
It ’ll actually work with the iPhone 4 , iPhone 3GS and iPhone 3G , though of course the latter two do n’t pack as many megapixels or the iMovie app for on - the - fly video editing .
There are still questions – when they ’re not berating him for his choice of name , commenters are asking about the difference in image circle between what size sensor an SLR lens is designed to work with and the sensor in the iPhone 4 – and Jeremy is yet to show any sample shots from the rig , but as we saw with similar systems for earlier iPhones , people just seem to love to make complicated mounts for relatively mainstream cameraphones .
This may be the real nightmare scenario in the Gulf .
Some have speculated that the inner integrity of the Deepwater well could be blown ( not just the top ) and that oil could be leaking out from the side , making it hard to imagine how you might go about plugging the thing .
On MSNBC today , Senator Bill Nelson said he'd heard such report , and is looking into such things .
Let 's hope not .
The following clip comes from FireDogLake .
A group of investigators at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute ( RPI ) recently managed a significant breakthrough in their studies of the dangerous bacteria Vibrio cholerae .
The bacterium is the agent that causes the terrible infectious disease known as cholera , but the team believes that this disease may soon become a thing of the past .
The group , led by RPI associate professor of biology Blanca Barquera , managed to discover a mechanism the bacteria uses to produce energy , that has never been seen before in other creatures .
This raises hope that the pathway could be used to attack the microorganism .
The scientists basically discovered a previously - unknown mechanism inside an enzyme , whose job is to provide the bacteria with precious energy , and thus sustain a potential infection in a human host .
Given that we do n't have this enzyme , it stands to reason that bioengineers could devise substances that will attack this molecule specifically , without inflicting any harm on other chemicals in the human body .
Details of the new discoveries appear in the June 28 issue of the esteemed journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
According to the paper , the enzyme dubbed Na+- NQR plays a crucial role in converting food into energy for V. cholerae .
But the molecule also plays an additional , perhaps even more important , role .
It is responsible for electrically charging the cellular membrane encircling the bacteria , which means that it is in charge of powering up a vast number of physical and chemical processes going on inside the cells .
If this power plant is broken apart via drugs , then all processes depending on it would end , and the bacterial cell would die .
“ Cellular respiration is remarkable .
It is one of the most efficient energy conversion processes known , and nevertheless , does not require high temperatures .
This efficiency has drawn the attention of researchers , ” the team leader explains .
She adds that bacteria tend to carry out this process – which carries electrons from food to oxygen , releasing energy – in the cellular membrane , because they lack specialized organelles to do the job inside the cell .
In more complex organisms , such as humans , the job is performed by mitochondria , specialized organelles inside the cells that are affectionately referred to as the “ cellular power plant . ”
“ Na+ -NQR plays the same role as human respiratory proteins but it is much smaller .
We want to understand how it works , how it produces energy .
If we understand how Na+ - NQR works , we can learn the basic principles used by living organisms to convert energy and transport ions , ” Barquera concludes .
Turn away from the mob .
Ignore the angry brigade .
Let their spittle run down the walls .
This is the moment for the coalition to rise above the yells of the left .
The government is about to be tested to what it must not allow to be its destruction .
If hollow outrage is all Labour cares to offer , then reason and calm explanation must be the coalition 's answer .
Outrage fails in the end .
It poisons rationality , it repels the moderate , it frightens the balanced .
It lures zealots into a world where everyone inside thinks the same way and no one outside wants to enter .
It is where Labour is going now .
The coalition must n't follow .
Its members must steel themselves for abuse .
It is tempting , of course , when you are sniped at , to snipe back .
David Miliband , who has taken to Twitter like a duck to quacking , is spending his days typing out edgy little digs at the coalition , particularly the Lib Dem part of it , puffed up by righteous indignation .
But a political movement cannot be sustained by resentment .
Rage against the machine is an emotion , not a policy .
The Liberal Democrats need to be reminded of this now , as they endure Labour 's scorn .
The party is unaccustomed to provoking reactions .
Some MPs are wobbling .
Many are worried about the VAT rise – forgetting that not long ago they believed Labour 's VAT cut would have no economic effect .
Lots will be worried about Danny Alexander 's search for theoretical 40 % cuts .
They are alarmed by jeers from a party that has no alternative economic policy .
Nick Clegg is under serious internal pressure .
His understandable response has been to promote the things from the coalition that Lib Dems like .
Last week we got his freedom campaign , and on Tuesday we get more detail on the alternative vote referendum .
All this is fine .
But AV – whose impact either way it suits everyone to exaggerate – will prove peripheral beside the budget .
The coalition cannot afford liberal political reform to look like a trade - off for Tory economics .
That is Labour 's line .
Lib Dems must n't fall for it .
So far they have n't , quite .
The budget went down surprisingly well : voters agreed with George Osborne 's description of it as unavoidable .
The next battle is for the spending review this autumn to be seen as fair .
Some will point to the unpicking of the budget measures by the Institute for Fiscal Studies as evidence – though taken as a whole , these stand up .
They 'll point to the scale of cuts too .
But fairness is not another term for precise financial redistribution .
Indeed , a heavily redistributive budget would be seen by many as unfair .
Instead , the key to fairness is inclusivity – and this is where the coalition must direct its efforts .
There must be no sense that one group is exploiting others : the rich the poor , or the poor ( through welfare ) everyone else .
Or Conservatives the Lib Dems , of course .
You do n't have to agree with the Daily Mail to understand that some people who get incapacity benefit do n't deserve it , and some who could work do n't ; or that housing benefit has become a racket paying millions to private landlords .
Labour cannot be allowed to get away with the idea that it stands as the defender of an outraged majority , victims of an ideologically extreme government .
The left is beginning to smell like sour yoghurt , a long moan against the world as it is and how the last government left it .
The problem is not that Labour is heading towards interesting ideological isolation .
The varied shades from pale pink to light magenta in which its serious candidates are painting themselves are not socialism .
The problem is that the party is being bundled up in all sorts of shallow resentments and is assuming that the public will share this negativity .
UK politics is often characterised as a contest for the centre ground , but that misdescribes the nature of the quest .
Centrism implies banality , but I do n't think voters want their governments to be mundane .
There is a willingness to endorse radical action if it is explained and if it looks practicable .
It worked for the left under Attlee and Blair ; it worked for the right under Thatcher ; and it is working – so far – for this government .
That a large number of people oppose what you are doing , very strongly , can become a strength , so long as they are seen to be opposing something rooted in a kind of imperative .
Eight years ago almost half a million people marched through London with the aim of blocking the hunting ban – and to their dismay , the public took the government 's side .
The miners ' strike , the Iraq war – examples are legion .
Half a million people and more will probably be marching against the budget cuts soon , and will feel just as strongly that their solidarity brings invincibility .
They may be proved wrong .
Keep calm and carry on has become a cliche , but it is good advice for a government .
Stay pragmatic and keep explaining , firmly , in moderate language and with courtesy .
The left will howl at budget cuts that their own economic legacy makes necessary , just as the right will howl against political reform .
That does n't mean these things wo n't get through .
The nosiest causes often fail .
There are 110 days until the spending review is published .
That is not long to win people over to an understanding that the new government will be attempting a fair distribution of an unavoidable shock .
But unless that case is made , the coalition endeavour cannot last .
Nude Wife : *SP Sexy Italian Wife Sunbathing
Posted by : Miranda
I started to shot this pictures of my wife while she was dreaming .
She discovers me taking a photo and decided to poses sexy for the camera .
Abstract Background Early psychosocial deprivation has profound effects on brain activity in the young child .
Previous reports have shown increased power in slow frequencies of the electroencephalogram ( EEG ) , primarily in the theta band , and decreased power in higher alpha and beta band frequencies in infants and children who have experienced institutional care .
Methodology / Principal Findings
We assessed the consequences of removing infants from institutions and placing them into a foster care intervention on brain electrical activity when children were 8 years of age .
We found the intervention was successful for increasing high frequency EEG alpha power , with effects being most pronounced for children placed into foster care before 24 months of age .
Conclusions / Significance
The dependence on age of placement for the effects observed on high frequency EEG alpha power suggests a sensitive period after which brain activity in the face of severe psychosocial deprivation is less amenable to recovery .
Citation : Vanderwert RE , Marshall PJ , Nelson CA III , Zeanah CH , Fox NA ( 2010 ) Timing of Intervention Affects Brain Electrical Activity in Children Exposed to Severe Psychosocial Neglect .
PLoS ONE 5 ( 7 ) : e11415 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0011415
Editor : Pier Francesco Ferrari , Università di Parma , Italy Received : March 23 , 2010 ; Accepted : June 11 , 2010 ; Published : July 1 , 2010 Copyright : © 2010 Vanderwert et al .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
This work was funded by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation through their support of the Early Experience and Brain Development network .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
Competing interests :
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Introduction Institutionalization of children has profound consequences for brain development and functioning [ 1 ] – [ 5 ] .
Previous imaging work has reported reduced glucose metabolism , impaired cortico - cortical connections , and decreased cerebellar volume in children adopted from institutions [ 2 ] – [ 4 ] .
Here , we report on brain electrical activity from the electroencephalogram ( EEG ) acquired in 8 - year - old children who were part of a follow - up study in the Bucharest Early Intervention Project ( BEIP ) .
The BEIP is a randomized control trial of foster care as an alternative to institutionalization , which aims to understand the effects of early psychosocial deprivation on behavioral and brain development ( for design details see ref [ 6 ] ) .
In the baseline assessment of brain activity from the BEIP study ( prior to random assignment ) , we recorded EEG from institutionalized children while they attended to a benign visual stimulus .
We reported that children living in institutions had greater EEG power in the theta band and reduced EEG power in alpha and beta bands when compared to a sample of never - institutionalized children [ 1 ] .
The profile of brain activity in the children living in institutions was similar to those reported in studies examining EEG power in economically impoverished children , children diagnosed with ADHD , and adults who experienced intrauterine stress [ 7 ] – [ 11 ] .
The patterns of elevated power in low frequency and decreased power in high - frequency EEG observed in these studies have been interpreted as representing a maturational lag in the development of the EEG [ 1 ] , [ 7 ] – [ 10 ] .
Studies examining the development of the EEG report simultaneous decreasing low frequency power with increasing high frequency power ( for a review see ref [ 12 ] ) .
Furthermore , activity in higher frequencies like alpha and beta have long been associated with improved cognitive performance , attention state , and arousal in human infants , children , and adults [ 13 ] – [ 16 ] .
Following the baseline assessment , institutionalized children in the BEIP were randomly assigned to remain in the institution and receive care - as - usual or be placed into a foster care program implemented by the research team .
When children were 42 months of age , EEG was again collected from children in the care as usual group ( CAUG ) and foster care group ( FCG ) .
After receiving an average of 18 months of foster care , the FCG did not differ from the CAUG children in any of the EEG frequency bands [ 5 ] .
Our aim here was to further explore the status of brain activity in the FCG as a result of another 4.5 years of foster care intervention .
Follow - up assessments , including cognitive , social , and electrophysiological data collection , were completed when the children in the BEIP were 8 - years - old and transitioning to school .
We hypothesized that , by the time children were 8 years of age and had experienced an average of 6.5 years of environmental enrichment through foster care , EEG power in theta ( 4–6 Hz ) , alpha ( 7 –12 Hz ) , and beta ( 13–20 Hz ) frequency bands in FCG children would be comparable to a comparison sample of never - institutionalized ( NIG ) Romanian children .
To examine these hypotheses , we recorded EEG from 143 children ; of those , 48 ( 25 male ) belonged to the CAUG , 53 ( 28 males ) belonged to the FCG , and 42 ( 25 male ) comprised the NIG .
Results Intent - to - Treat Within the intervening years between assessments , there were changes in the living arrangements for a number of children within the CAUG and FCG ( e.g. see ref [ 6 ] ) ; for the following analyses , we employed an intent - to - treat approach , whereby the data were treated as if each child had remained within their assigned groups .
Therefore , we interpret the current findings as a conservative estimate of the intervention effect .
To assess the effects of the foster care intervention on EEG power , we first compared the CAUG and FCG on the three frequency bands .
There were no main effects of group for the theta frequency band , however there was a significant region ×hemisphere ×group ( Greenhouse - Geisser corrected F 1.73,170.75 = 4.634 , η2 = .045 , p = .015 ) .
Follow - up comparisons revealed that the CAUG had greater theta power at the temporal electrode in the left hemisphere ( T7 ) .
Analyses for the alpha band revealed a significant region ×hemisphere ×group interaction ( F 2.72,269.23 = 5.216 , η 2 = .050 , p = .002 ) .
Follow - up comparisons showed that the FCG had greater power than the CAUG over the central region ( C3 and C4 ) with this effect being greatest over the left hemisphere ( C3 ) .
No significant main effects or interactions involving group were found for the beta band .
Means and standard deviations are presented for each band in Table 1 .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Table 1 .
Mean scalp EEG power for theta , alpha , and beta bands for the intervention sample .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0011415.t001
Additionally , we examined whether the intervention differentially affected boys and girls on any of the EEG measures .
No interactions involving the intervention groups and gender were observed for the theta , alpha , or beta bands .
Analyses were also conducted for the relative power of each band , however , no significant main effects or interactions involving our intervention groups were found .
Timing Effects
We next examined the effects of timing - of - placement into foster care only for those receiving the BEIP intervention .
To determine if power in the three EEG bands was related to the age of the child at placement into foster care , we correlated average power across all sites with age at placement .
No significant correlations were found for the theta ( r( 53 ) = −.210 , ns ) or beta ( r( 53 ) = −.105 , ns ) bands ; there was , however , a significant correlation between age at placement and alpha band power ( r( 53 ) = −.354 , p = .009 ) .
To explore this further , we adopted an approach previously described by Nelson and colleagues [ 12 ] in which we split the FCG group into those placed before 18 months , those placed between 18 and 24 months , and those placed after 24 months of age ( n = 11 , n = 14 , and n = 28 , respectively ) .
Independent samples t- tests were used to examine differences between the groups .
Children placed before 18 months ( M = 3.371 , SD = .365 ) and between 18 and 24 months ( M = 3.285 , SD = .469 ) had significantly greater alpha power than children placed after 24 months of age ( M = 3.023 , SD = .318 ; t( 37 ) = 2.949 , p = .005 and t( 40 ) = 2.134 , p = .039 , respectively ) .
There were no differences between the groups of children placed before 18 months and those placed between 18 and 24 months ( t( 23 ) = .503 , p = .620 ) .
Finally , we examined how EEG alpha power in the FCG ( split by age of placement ) compared to the CAUG and the NIG .
Again , we found a significant effect of group ( F 3 , 139 = 6.467 , η 2 = .122 , p<.001 ) qualified by region ×group and region ×hemisphere ×group interactions ( F 8.66,401.19 = 1.975 , η2 = .041 , p = .043 and F 8.66,401.39 = 3.099 , η 2 = .063 , p = .002 , respectively ) .
Post hoc examination of the three - way interaction revealed significant differences in alpha power between the NIG and FCG placed before 24 months at frontal , central , and parietal scalp locations compared to the CAUG and FCG placed after 24 months of age .
These differences were greatest over the left hemisphere ( Fig. 1 ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 . EEG scalp distribution of alpha power .
( a ) Scalp topography of alpha power demonstrating the timing effects for care - as - usual group ( CAUG ; N = 48 ) , foster care group placed after 24 - months ( > 24mo FCG ; N = 28 ) , foster care group placed before 24 - months ( < 24mo FCG ; N = 25 ) , and the never - institutionalized ( NIG ; N = 42 ) group .
( b) Mean alpha power across the sites for each group (* p<.05 ; *** p<.005 ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0011415.g001
Discussion
Our results demonstrate a clear effect of timing of environmental enrichment on the brain electrical activity of children who experienced severe psychosocial neglect as infants and toddlers .
In particular , the intervention had its greatest effect on the EEG in institutionalized children placed into foster care before 24 months of age .
By 8 years of age , children in the FCG showed patterns of brain electrical activity in the alpha band that was comparable to the NIG .
These effects were dependent upon age at placement , such that children who were removed from institutional care before their second birthday showed higher alpha power over frontal , central , and parietal regions .
Alpha activity in the EEG signal has long been associated with attention and alertness in infants , children , and adults [ 13 ] – [ 15 ] .
Our findings are consistent with a prior study showing that six years after a randomized controlled trial of an environmental enrichment intervention in preschoolers , children receiving the intervention had reduced slow frequency EEG activity and increased high frequency alpha activity that corresponded to enhanced information processing [ 7 ] .
The normalization of EEG alpha activity in children who experienced severe psychosocial deprivation suggests that intervention to ameliorate deficits in brain activity as a result of significant negative early experience is possible .
Other studies of the long - term outcomes of children having adverse early experiences have shown significant “ catch - up ” in IQ and cognitive abilities after prolonged and intensive interventions [ 17 ] – [ 19 ] .
However , the Bucharest Early Intervention Project is the first study to examine the impact of the early psychosocial deprivation of institutionalization on developing brain activity .
The sequence of EEG findings in this project is of particular note .
The baseline assessment at around 2 years of age demonstrated group differences in the EEG , specifically higher power in the theta band and lower power in the alpha and beta bands , in children living in institutions compared to community children [ 1 ] .
A follow - up assessment at 42 months of age found no effects of the intervention on the brain activity of FCG children [ 5 ] .
However , at the current assessment at 8 years of age , the continued experience of an enriched environment , and the absence of psychosocial deprivation had a positive impact amongst the foster care group in terms of an important aspect of developing brain activity .
Moreover , the timing effects in our findings suggest a sensitive period after which brain activity in the face of severe psychosocial deprivation is less amenable to recovery .
Methods Sample
At the baseline assessment EEG was acquired on 136 infants and young children living in six institutions in Bucharest Romania .
The children ranged in age from 5 to 31 months and , at the time of recruitment , had spent more than half their lives in institutional care .
A never - institutionalized comparison group ( NIG ) of 72 children was also recruited and matched on age and gender .
Following the baseline assessment , the children living in institutions were randomly assigned to receive care - as - usual ( CAUG ) that is , remain in their institution , or to a foster care group ( FCG ) who received an intervention developed by the authors .
A full description of the study design can be found in [ 6 ] .
The focus of the current analyses are on data collected on the follow - up assessment when the children were 8 - years - old.
EEG was collected for 53 ( 28 male ) children from the FCG , 48 ( 25 male ) children in the CAUG , and 42 ( 25 male ) children from the NIG .
The three groups did not differ on gender , χ 2 ( 2 , N = 143 ) = .600 , p = .741 ; or on age at the time of their assessment ( M = 103.00 months , SD = 4.05 ; F( 2,140 ) = 1.651 , p = .167 ) .
An additional 3 CAUG , 2 FCG , and 12 NIG children were seen for the 8 - year assessment but refused the EEG portion of the study .
17 CAUG and 13 FCG children from the original sample were unavailable for testing .
Ethical Considerations The University of Maryland Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) , the Children 's Hospital Boston IRB , and the Tulane University IRB approved all procedures .
Written informed consent was obtained from each of the 6 local Commissions for Child Protection in Bucharest and / or the biological parents when possible ( for detailed discussions of the ethical considerations see [ 20 ] – [ 22 ] ) .
Of particular note are three policies that were put in place at the onset of the study : ( 1 ) a policy of noninterference was implemented , meaning that children in the CAUG and FCG could be placed into alternative care arrangements ( e.g. , government foster care , adoption , or reintegration with their biological family ) ; ( 2 ) the noninterference policy was qualified by the stipulation that no child placed in the FCG could be returned to institutional care ; and ( 3 ) an agreement with the Romanian government and a local non-governmental organization ( SERA Romania ) was made so that upon completion of the study , the foster families from the BEIP would continue to be supported .
EEG
Recording EEG was recorded from 12 electrode sites ( F3 , F4 , Fz , C3 , C4 , P3 , P4 , Pz , O1 , O2 , T7 , and T8 ) and the left and right mastoids sewn in a lycra Electro - Cap ( Electro - Cap International Inc. , Eaton , OH ) according to the international 10 – 20 system .
EEG was collected referenced to Cz , and AFz served as ground .
All electrode impedances were kept below 10 kΩ .
Vertical electrooculogram ( EOG ) was recorded using tin electrodes placed above and below the left eye to record blinks and other eye movement .
The EEG and EOG signals were amplified with a gain of 5000 and 2500 , respectively , and band - pass filtered from 0.1 to 100 Hz using custom bioamplifiers from James Long Company ( Caroga Lake , NY ) .
Data were digitized at 512 Hz onto a PC with a 12 - bit A/D converter ( ±2.5 V input range ) and Snap - Master acquisition software ( HEM Data Corporation , Southfield , MI ) .
Before each EEG recording session , a 50 µV 10 Hz signal was input into all recording channels and recorded for calibration purposes .
Procedure and EEG Analysis EEG was recorded while the children sat quietly in a chair , alternating one - minute epochs of eyes open and eyes closed for a total of six minutes .
The recorded EEG was processed using the EEG Analysis System from James Long Company .
The EEG was re-referenced through software to an average mastoids reference .
Epochs containing blink artifact were regressed from the EEG signals and any epochs in which the EEG signal exceeded ± 200 µV were excluded from further analyses .
The blink - regressed and artifact scored data were spectrally analyzed using a discrete Fourier transform ( DFT ) with a 1 - second Hanning window and 50 % overlap .
The three groups did not differ on number of artifact - free windows included in the analyses ( M = 345.69 , SD = 39.90 ; F ( 2,140 ) = 1.167 , p = .314 ) .
Spectral power ( µV2 ) was computed for the following bands : theta ( 4–6 Hz ) , alpha ( 7 –12 Hz ) , and beta ( 13–20 Hz ) .
For each band absolute power was computed by taking the natural logarithm of power , similar to the procedures at the baseline and 42 - month follow - up assessment [ 1 ] , [ 5 ] .
Statistical Analysis Group differences in EEG power were examined with repeated measures analyses of variance ( RM - ANOVAs ) .
Analyses were run separately for each frequency band with region ( frontal , central , parietal , occipital , temporal ) and hemisphere ( left , right ) as within - subjects factors and group as the between - subjects factor .
The Greenhouse - Geisser correction was used for violations of sphericity .
Analyses were run separately excluding outliers and results were similar , therefore we included all participants who provided data .
Interactions not involving group are not reported .
Acknowledgments
The authors would like to thank N. Corlan and A. Radulescu for recruitment of subjects and overseeing the collection of the EEG data .
Author Contributions Conceived and designed the experiments : PJM CNI CHZ NF .
Performed the experiments : REV .
Analyzed the data : REV .
Wrote the paper : REV .
At E3 , we met up with Haru Akenaga , President of NIS America , and brought your questions .
The first thing we brought up was Super Dimension Game Neptune .
I know it has n’t been announced , but my readers are excited about Neptune .
Do you think NIS America will publish this game in the future ?
Haru Akenaga , President of NIS America :
All I can say now is Idea Factory asked us to localize the game for the US and Europe .
We are eager to do that .
We are in discussion about the conditions for licensing the title .
The deal is almost done .
We ’ve seen Nippon Ichi characters crossover into a lot of games .
Are there any particular series or companies you would like to work with ?
It ’s really hard to ask anyone to use their characters .
For Cross Edge , that was a nightmare to get the characters from Capcom .
Maybe , it ’s going to be tough to do crossover titles in the future .
That ’s interesting .
It seems like crossovers are hot in Japan with collaborations like Monster Hunter and Metal Gear Solid .
Idea Factory is going into that direction .
They ’re trying to get characters from many companies .
A long time ago Nippon Ichi announced they had an Xbox 360 developer kit .
Are there any plans to move in that direction ?
No plans so far .
At the Nintendo press conference I did n’t see NIS America or Nippon Ichi listed as one of the 3DS developers .
Have you thought about working with the 3DS ?
That ’s because we are really close to Sony .
Nintendo has priority on which company they are going to release information to .
Some companies like Square Enix and Koei Tecmo have development kits already .
That ’s why they can show some titles today .
We just got a development kit .
A few months ago , NIS America released Sakura Wars : So Long , My Love on PlayStation 2 and Wii .
How did that do ?
Did it exceed , perform to or was it not as good as your expectations ?
Not as good as our expectations .
Uh-oh .
What ’s the fate of Sakura Wars in North America then ?
I see a lot of my readers are hoping for Sakura 1+2 for PSP .
Another publisher tried to get approval from Sony for Sakura Wars 1+2 for PSP , but it was rejected .
Once a title is rejected by SCEA there is almost no chance to release the title .
What about as a digital download ?
That ’s Sony ’s decision .
Sony said this is not a game .
They said it ’s a text novel .
They judged it as that , so it ’s really difficult to get the license again .
It ’s also tough to localize Sakura Wars because of the huge amount of text .
It took more than two years to complete the localization .
That ’s more than the development time of the Japanese version .
How are you picking out games to localize between titles developed from your parent company like Last Rebellion and third party games like the Atelier series ?
When I established this company I talked with the head of Gust to work closely together for US versions .
Basically , we ’re going to release their titles .
Since we got the license for Blade Dancer * we started a relationship with Hit Maker .
They told us they are going to make much better titles than Blade Dancer .
We funded development of those titles and that ’s why we released their titles .
Once we got Last Rebellion we realized it was not the kind of title we should release in the United States because of its quality .
I feel really sorry for our customers because we released that title .
That ’s why I told Nao ( PR Manager ) we have to release the announcement for Last Rebellion , but never push that title .
We cannot say it ’s a really great title .
We felt really sorry , but we had no choice to release that .
From now on , even though we fund a title , we will not release it if the quality is not good enough .
[* Editor ’s Note : Blade Dancer was published by Sony Computer Entertainment in Japan and picked up by NIS America . ]
So , I take it you ’re not going to work with Hit Maker anymore ?
They submitted some concepts , but we rejected all of them so far .
Maybe they will make some titles with another company and improve their skills .
Aside from the Disgaea studio who are you working with ?
Imageepoch is making our titles , but those are Japanese titles just for PSP .
We ’re not sure if we ’re going to release those in the United States .
Speaking of the PSP , we have n’t heard about anything about games like Princess Antiphona , Classic Dungeon or Absolute Hero Modding Project .
Are any of these coming over ?
Which one would you want to see most ?
Personally , Zettai Hero and then Classic Dungeon would be number two .
[ Makes finger crossing motion and smiles . ]
I remember the report from your parent company said you ’re going to focus on PlayStation 3 overseas .
Are you going to still release PSP games .
We announced we are going to focus on PlayStation 3 titles on maybe March of this year .
Almost all titles that just started in development are PS3 titles .
But , you just announced Blue Roses in Japan .
Yeah .
That title has been in development for more than one year , before we announced we were going to focus on PS3 titles .
So , what franchises what will we see , except Disgaea , which one would you want to see on PlayStation 3 ?
We are making new franchise titles on PlayStation 3 .
We understand it ’s going to be really tough because everyone is making sequels .
That ’s interesting because Disgaea is everywhere .
I mean the only thing it is n’t on is Xbox and iPhone .
So , you ’re only going to focus on new IP ?
Which one do you think can be a good franchise for PS3 ?
I would imagine Zettai Hero has potential .
It ’s a dungeon crawler and has Disgaea style art .
Our development team is really confident in that title .
We would really like to make a sequel to Zettai Hero , but they are waiting to see if the game will be released overseas .
Why did NIS America get involved with anime ?
I think the anime market in the United States crashed and that ’s why we started .
Many big players are gone now , but their customers are still here .
Maybe this is our chance to release anime for hardcore gamers .
We realize the anime market is shrinking in the US , but someone needs to release that content .
Since you ’re close to Sony will we see your anime distributed on PSN ?
We ’re working on it .
Oh , one more thing … how is Disgaea 4 doing ?
Ask me again at TGS .
The medical profession has reached a consensus .
The front page of last week 's BMJ reads " Drug users and HIV : Treat do n't punish " .
Within its pages is a an analysis piece entitled " Why Russia must legalise methadone " and a report on the Vienna declaration , which calls for the incorporation of scientific evidence into drug policy .
Meanwhile , the Lancet has a series of papers highlighting that while there have been large gains in fighting the HIV epidemic in the general population , the socially marginalised such as people who use drugs and who often enter prison systems , continue to be denied access to treatments , particularly opioid substitution therapy that both saves lives and prevents HIV transmission to others .
The Lancet 's editor , Dr Richard Horton , says : " Complacency about the HIV / Aids epidemic now would be a terrible mistake . "
The evidence for the benefit of treatments such as methadone is overwhelming .
At a time when the UK should be leading the way in ensuring such benefits are available everywhere I am left wondering why the UK National Treatment Agency for Substance Abuse is instead pandering to politics by raising the possibility of returning to the outdated and discredited policy of time - limited methadone prescribing .
As a doctor I use methadone and buprenorphine with many patients alongside a variety of psychosocial and other healthcare interventions .
Prescribing can last for one week or it can last for 30 years – it is and should be completely patient - driven and dependent on them as individuals .
An arbitrary time frame imposed on any patient 's medication regime is unacceptable and I for one will not accept such political interference .
It is essential that this new government 's drug policy is based on sound evidence and we the clinicians must strongly resist a potentially lethal change to policy .
Most sensible clinicians see abstinence as one end of a spectrum and see no conflict whatsoever with substitute prescribing .
In my experience most people working in the field want the best for their patients .
I am deeply offended by language such as " people indefinitely parked on methadone " , " routinely writing off full potential " etc .
If any of my patients wants to try and come off all drugs – they have my full support .
Recently a group of doctors launched International Doctors for Healthy Drug Policies after becoming increasingly aware over the past few years of the wide divide between what we know works and the drug policy made by politicians and their appointees – most who have no background in practice and never meet nor work with people who use drugs .
Reliable and persistent research shows that substitute prescribing treatment substantially reduces deaths , crime , HIV infection and drug use while also assisting social functioning such as improved education , training , parenting and employment .
Methadone treatment has been endorsed by UN agencies : the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , the World Health Organisation and UNAIDS , as well as Nice and the Department of Health in the UK .
The WHO has also included methadone treatment in its " essential medicines " list and 70 countries in the world now provide methadone or buprenorphine treatment to an estimated 1 million patients .
It is up to us to ensure that this life - saving intervention is made available in countries such as Russia and the Ukraine where it could be saving literally millions of lives .
Politicians in the UK must take up this global challenge instead of using people 's fear of drugs and the use of false dawns in addressing these fears to gain a little extra popularity .
Die Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft der Männer ist ein Wettbewerb für Nationalmannschaften .
Alle vier Jahre können sich diese für die Endrunde der Weltmeisterschaft qualifizieren .
In einem abschließend rund vierwöchigen Turnier wird daraus die beste ...
Now that Karl Urban has confirmed that he ’ll be playing Judge Dredd , and with filming on the 3D reboot scheduled to start this Fall , we can expect more casting news and information about the movie to be released in the next few months .
However , thanks to an anonymous email , it would appear that CBM has gotten it ’s hands on an even bigger scoop , as we ’ve been sent what appears to be Alex Garland ’s script forInterestingly , the title on the first page is “ Peach Trees ” which could perhaps be a code name in a similar style to howis being referred to as “ Frostbite ” .
Before you cry “ FAKE ” though , I ’ve read a good chunk of the script today and both the layout and story are a lot better than your average piece of fan fiction .
( although to be fair , many of you regular CBM contributors post stories that are easily better than a lot of what Hollywood produces ! )
The script also appears to have been scanned rather than just typed up and posted online , while we were assured that is in fact genuine .
Also , a fair bit of what I ’ve so far read does corroborate what Urban has said about the tone and story .
Regardless of the quality though , there is of course no way to know whether it ’s the real deal which is why it ’s up to you guys to decide !
Just use the “ Like ” or “ Dislike ” buttons below to confirm or debunk this news !
In this blog post I think I will talk to you a bit about what you can do to create a new mind set that will rule your everyday life and create in side of you a shining light that can transcend to those around you .
Many times when I was growing up I used to read a lot of books about science fiction stuff .
In those books were many great inventions that gave man better powers of awareness .
One such power was ( ESP ) extra sensory perception .
The power to know things people were thinking or what was coming in the future .
I used to sit and dream as to how cool it would be to have such a power .
Later on in life I was to find that those skills truly did exist in real people beyond the page of fantasy .
I was amazed and thought how did these amazing people ever achieve such powers .
Had they fallen into some vat of toxic waste or done some experiment that altered their minds perception .
The answer was none of these things the extra ordinary truth behind these people ’s skills was to come to me like a bullet .
The truth that we , ( you and I ) the entire human race are not only capable of these skills of the mind but that we or most people in the human race never use them .
We never seek to attain enlightenment as to what the positive mind truly can create .
We let that skill along with many others the extraordinary mind has to offer fade away .
The fact is that if a skill is not used it does not disappear however it becomes week and lazy .
The mind puts it away making room for the skills that seem more dominant as to use everyday .
So many of us go around never realizing how truly amazing we are and the power in ourselves that lie dormant waiting to be sparked into life .
It was said the more you seek and use a skill or power of the mind the stronger the skill comes to be and can be a dominating skill .
So if we as thinking men and women can truly believe this by seeing that education broadens the mind and makes us think and do things better as to the knowledge of forming great thoughts and projecting great ideas out ward then we can truly understand that the skill of being able to project are will and wants lie deep with in us and in awakening them we can draw to our selves information from those around us well projecting out ward our desires that can produce wealth and success .
It goes the same with love and spirituality we have these factors waiting to be used and released in side to bring to us anything we want .
Napoleon
Hill stated if the mind can perceive it than it can be gained in the physical and the metaphysical .
So it was in that faith I have looked at the ways those amazing people have honed there extra sensory perception to help them become successful in all they do .
The first thing is they have cleared all negatives from their minds and have created an immovable vision in their minds as to what they want out of life .
Then they have built a impenetrable force field of will as to stopping anyone who would seek to destroy their goals and dreams .
Simply put they do not allow any thoughts that do not project positives out in to the world in to their frame of thinking .
This skill is very much attainable .
However it takes work to achieve and it takes time to get it right like any muscle that has not been used for a while it needs to be worked and reworked till it grows strong .
Remember your mind is the biggest muscle your body has and it needs to be worked and worked again by gaining knowledge and concepts of a positive nature every single day .
The whole idea of understanding people and life is ingrained in us we can feel the air yet we do not see it how ever it fills are lungs and blows the trees so we know it exists .
The power of thinking ourselves in to a better life also is there .
In order to reawaken this power we must reawaken our desires to attain a positive mind and then work on that .
If this takes place then we you and I can achieve great things with but a thought and are wills can and will be reality and create success .
Please check out our links to the right .
Mark & Tammy Cowell
A bipartisan bill introduced in the Senate requiring all airports to use full - body scanners lacks sufficient privacy safeguards , says a prominent watchdog group .
The Electronic Privacy Information Center says the bill , introduced in the Senate by Sen. Bob Bennett ( R - UT ) and Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( D - MN ) , “ contains particularly weak privacy provision [s ] that ignore many of the problems with the devices already uncovered . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The bill ( PDF ) , known as the Securing Aircraft From Explosives Responsibly : Advanced Imaging Recognition ( “ SAFER AIR ” )
Act , would require all commercial airports in the US to use full - body scanners as their primary screening method by no later than 2013 .
The bill is a response to criticism among some lawmakers that the DHS has been dragging its feet on implementing the technology .
Full - body scanners have been in testing at some airports in the US for several years , and the Department of Homeland Security ramped up expansion of the screening program after the Christmas Day bombing attempt .
Some 48 airports have installed the machines so far , and the DHS has purchased 450 of them .
The bill includes clauses designed to protect passengers ’ privacy , such as a requirement that the images the scanners create “ cannot be stored , transferred , copied or printed . ”
It also forbids security personnel from having cameras near the machinery .
Those clauses are designed to allay the fears of privacy advocates , who worry that images taken by the machines could be used to humiliate travelers or even create child pornography .
However , the bill ’s privacy measures appear to be little different from the policy already set out by the Department of Homeland Security , which states that body - scanner technology is used in such a way that it “ cannot store , print , transmit or save the image . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But , as RAW STORY reported earlier this year , the machines being installed at airports have a setting that allows them to store and transmit the images , and the Senate bill includes no provisions excluding minors from being scanned .
There have been several high - profile cases of screening technology being abused .
In one heavily - publicized incident , a TSA worker in Miami who was scanned as part of a training session allegedly assaulted a co-worker who had mocked the size of his genitals .
In another incident , a British airport security worker was reprimanded after making comments about a co-worker ’s breasts after a screening .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Electronic Privacy Information Center has filed a lawsuit against DHS asking for program to be suspended “ pending an independent review . ”
But Sens. Bennett and Klobuchar insist there is “ no excuse ” not to implement the technology .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ As the threats against our nationÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s air transportation networks continue to evolve , the screening technologies we rely on to identify and counter these threats must evolve as well , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Klobuchar said in a press release .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ With so much at stake , we need to make sure we are using the best security tools and that all security forces are working together to stop potential threats before they get off the ground .
Ã¢â‚¬Â 
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Magnetometers are not enough in this post 9/11 world , where threats have increased but screening technology has largely remained the same , ” Bennett said .
“ With much more advanced technology on the market , there is absolutely no excuse for the delayed implementation . ”
Sorry , the site is currently offline due to hardware issues .
You may still download all the files here .
‘ Beavis
and Butt - head ” — the show that celebrated the slacker way of life and helped make MTV into a network that did more than just play music videos — is coming back .
The move to resurrect the hugely popular 1990s animated anti-heroes has been rumored for several days .
But yesterday , sources at MTV confirmed that a new batch of “ Beavis and Butt - head ” episodes are in the works .
The new series would keep Beavis and Butt - head in their perpetual high - school state , but it would be updated so that the pals — who obsessively watch music videos on a battered TV set — could lob their snarky comments at more current targets like Lady Gaga .
The show ’s minimalist animated style is also expected to remain intact .
The return of “ Beavis and Butt - head ” will be a backdoor means for MTV to return to showing music videos — something the network was founded upon but abandoned in the last decade to make room for popular reality shows like “ Laguna Beach , ” “ The Hills ” and “ Jersey Shore . ”
“ Beavis and Butt - head , ” which premiered in 1993 , began as an animated short called “ Frog Baseball , ” which aired on MTV’s “ Liquid Television . ”
The basic plotline revolved around two shorts - wearing , spectacularly immature teenage pals whose banter was delivered against the backbeat of their constant idiotic laughter .
Series creator Mike Judge , who ’s also creating the new episodes , voiced both characters .
The guys worked at a fast - food joint and were always out to “ score ” with “ chicks ” when they were n’t sitting on a ratty couch watching music videos .
Beavis , the blond half , usually wore a Metallica T - shirt and would morph into his crazed , gibberish - spewing alter - ego , “ Cornholio , ” when he ingested too much sugar .
Butt - head was the “ cooler ” of the two .
He usually wore an AC / DC T - shirt and often picked on Beavis in much the same way Moe would slap around Curly , Larry and Shemp on “ The Three Stooges . ”
The duo was so successful they were spun off into a 1996 big - screen movie , “ Beavis and Butt - head Do America ” and a marketing juggernaut of T - shirts and character trinkets .
A recurring character on the show , high - school classmate Daria ( whom they called “ Diarrhea ” ) , eventually got her own MTV series .
After MTV canceled “ Beavis and Butt - head ” in 1997 , Judge went on to create “ King of the Hill ” for Fox .
He also wrote the cult - classic movie comedy “ Office Space ” and last year ’s big - screen movie “ Extract . ”
MTV officials had no comment yesterday .
Judge is “ not commenting at this time , ” his publicist said .
When Austin Sendek was growing up in Northern California , he was never allowed to use the regional slang term “ hella . ”
Now the 20 - year - old physics major at UC Davis uses “ hella ” often — and he ’s trying to get scientists from Boise to Beijing to do the same .
Sendek , who was forced to use “ hecka ” as a child , has petitioned an international scientific body to make “ hella ” the name for the hitherto nameless , unimaginably huge , seldom - cited quantity of 10 to the 27th power — or 1 followed by 27 zeros .
FOR THE RECORD :
‘ Hella ’ challenge :
An article in the July 6 LATExtra section about the proposed scientific use of the slang term “ hella ” gave the wrong prefixes for 10 to the 21st power and 10 to the minus 21st .
They are “ zetta ” and “ zepto , ” respectively .
It also used the term “ negative number ” to describe a fractional number . —
It started as a joke , but Sendek ’s Facebook petition : to the Consultative Committee on Units , a subdivision of the Bureau International des Poids et Mesures , has drawn more than 60,000 supporters .
Its chances for formal adoption by the global weights - and - measures community are hella dim , but Google was so taken with Sendek ’s modest proposal that it incorporated “ hella ” in its online calculator .
“ As Google goes , ” Sendek says hopefully , “ so goes the world . ”
“ Hella , ” a term many Southern Californians find as irritating as teary - eyed renditions of “ I Left My Heart in San Francisco , ” is used mainly to make adjectives more intense , as in : “ This lentil pizza is hella healthful ! ”
It also can convey simple exuberance : “ That party at Sunshine ’s house ?
Hella ! ”
“ Hella ” probably derived from “ helluva ” and , for reasons unknown , morphed into “ hella ” in the Bay Area before taking wing in the 1990s .
In 2001 , Gwen Stefani and her band No Doubt — out of Orange County — took it national with their mega - hit “ Hella Good . ”
“ A lot of people around the U.S. know it comes from Northern California , where there have been so many contributions to science at Davis , Berkeley , Stanford and Lawrence Livermore , ” Sendek says of “ hella . ”
“ It would be a really good way to immortalize this part of the state . ”
As for slang in scientific terminology , at least one linguist says right on .
“ Anything that takes vernacular speech and treats it well — gives it its props — is fine with me , ” said Carmen Fought , a professor at Pitzer College in Claremont .
In a Facebook posting , a friend of Fought related the regional pride he felt on overhearing a Berkeley teenager use “ hella ” : “ I nodded and smiled and thought to myself , ‘ Keep the torch lit , my young friend . ’ ”
For Sendek , the idea sprang from a physics class .
“ I asked my lab partner how many volts were in this electric field and she said , offhandedly , ‘ Oh , man — there ’s hella volts , ’ ” he recalled .
“ It kind of clicked . ”
At Google , software engineers , who are accustomed to planting " Easter eggs ” — hidden delights — in their programs , got wind of “ hella ” through one of Sendek ’s friends and installed it in the service ’s calculator .
Now users can find out , with a little finagling , that our $ 13 - trillion national debt , when expressed in hella - dollars , is a pleasingly tiny 1.3 times 10 to the minus 14th .
Of course , Google also planted pig Latin and Klingon in its translator function , so its embrace of “ hella ” may not reflect a rigorous intellectual assessment of the term .
For that , the world ’s scientists turn to the Consultative Committee on Units , an advisory body of the International System of Units — which in French , the language of weights and measures , is more stylishly known as the Systeme Internationale , or SI .
Hella ’s chances at the committee ’s next meeting , in September , are remote .
In an e-mail to colleagues , Ian Mills , the British chemist who serves as the CCU ’s president , wrote that “ it will be received with smiles — but I doubt that it will go further ! ”
The SI is not known for whimsy .
It generally chooses prefixes suggested by Greek or Latin .
In 1991 , the last time prefixes were added to the world ’s quantitative lexicon , the choices were “ zepta ” for 10 to the 21st and “ zetto ” for its tiny cousin in the realm of negative numbers , and “ yotta ” and “ yocto ” for 10 to the 24th and 10 to the minus 24th .
( Above 1,000 , prefixes are selected at every third power : “ mega ” for 10 to the sixth , “ giga ” for 10 to the ninth , etc. )
“ The biggest question is whether the scientific community needs a prefix for 10 to the 27th , ” said Ben Stein , a spokesman for the National Institute of Standards and Technology .
“ Zepta ” and “ yotta ” have n’t exactly caught fire , he said , and the science is delving ever deeper into the unimaginably small — a realm Sendek ’s proposal does not address .
Sendek , who skis for UC Davis when he ’s not pounding the drum for large quantities , insists that the term would simplify scientific descriptions .
The theoretical diameter of the universe , he points out , is 1.4 hellameters .
Still , he acknowledges that getting an official blessing for a term that means a million billion trillion is a long shot , despite headlines around the U.S. and a surge of pro-hella sentiment on his home turf .
“ There ’s not a huge chance of it happening , ” he says , “ but maybe if they ’re having a great day . ”
steve.chawkins@latimes.com
Hey !
Looks like you ’re coming from the European Union .
We offer our print and direct mail services only to customers in the U.S. , Canada and Mexico .
And in accordance with GDPR Regulations , we do n’t collect emails , browser history or any personal data from you .
Farewell from Modern Postcard !
A statement released yesterday by the Obama Administration has made public America ’s long - standing support for the Israeli government ’s large , undeclared nuclear arsenal , and insists that Israel has an inherent “ right ” to possess such an arsenal for “ deterrence purposes . ”
Officials have also reportedly acknowledged that the Obama Administration has labeled its previous support for a “ nuclear - free Middle East , ” including a vote in favor of this at a Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) conference , had been “ a mistake . ”
The Obama Administration complained at the time of the vote that it unfairly “ singled out ” Israel , apparently oblivious to the fact that Israel is the only nation in the Middle East with nuclear weapons , as well as the only nation which is not a signatory of the NPT .
Israel has ruled out ever signing the NPT , though it has called for the treaty to be strengthened to punish signatories like Syria and Iran for what it perceives as “ violations . ”
Israel has likewise never publicly acknowledged the size of its nuclear arsenal , though the fact that it exists is not generally considered a secret .
SystemRescueCD is a free , Linux - based CDROM image for system recovery that boots into a minimal graphical interface and provides a host of useful tools culled from many sources .
In addition to the suite of dedicated recovery and repair utilities , the disk can get you to a basic desktop that includes network connectivity and a web browser .
This is an important feature as , let 's face it , most recovery work requires the odd visit to a search engine .
Although it can boot to a fairly useful desktop , it 's not a lightweight general purpose distribution like Puppy Linux .
In the same way , it 's not a disk to hand to someone who does n't know much about computers .
You need a bit of expertise to use it , and it's a disk that , if misused , could easily wipe or corrupt a system .
Once you 've booted to the desktop via an initial menu , the disk reveals itself to be a veritable Swiss Army knife of useful tools .
There is some overlapping functionality in the form of multiple tools that do similar things , but this is probably to suit different user preferences and also to offer command line alternatives to some of the GUI tools .
Gparted is a graphical tool for creating , deleting and copying partitions .
Partimage is a tool that backs up entire partitions to a file on another disk .
It 's about as a foolproof and complete a backup as you could make of a system partition , and if you 've got the space , I 'd recommend doing this before problems crop up .
PhotoRec is a tool for the recovery of lost media such as photo , video and music data .
It 's designed to work with a variety of media such as memory cards and PDAs and phones .
ClamAV is an anti-virus program that can scan Windows file systems .
In addition , there are some smaller applications that focus on recovery and repair work such as Grub , some archive management tools , text editors and most of the standard networking tools .
There 's a lot to explore as all - in - all the disk must contain about a hundred utilities .
At boot time , you can also boot into some of the floppy disk images that are included on the CDROM .
This includes a variety of hardware testing utilities , some boot managers , and FreeDOS , an MS - DOS compatible operating system .
Verdict
Although SystemRescueCD offers a desktop , it can be complicated to use and requires a some basic computer knowledge .
However , it does n't require much Linux specific knowledge to operate most of the tools , so I would be happy to recommend it to a Windows guru .
Besides , people who do n't understand the basics should n't be operating partition managers and file recovery utilities anyway .
I doubt that there are any typical system recovery scenarios that this disk would n't be able to cope with .
Having said that , you might have to hit the docs before making use of some of the less common functions .
My recommendation ?
Go burn it to a disk right now , as there 's almost no excuse for not having it at the ready .
Even if it sat in the back of a drawer until an emergency crops up , you 'd be glad you had a copy .
Beyond that , this disk , when properly used , could quickly turn you into the hero of your office or a figure of great admiration amongst your friends .
The SystemRescueCD website .
Author 's note : I want to personally thank the literally hundreds of people who replied to my call for stories from Amiga game developers , without whom this article would not have been possible .
Unfortunately , it was not possible to include everyone 's stories in the article , but I did make an honest attempt to reply to every email I received .
If I missed you , I apologize .
Introduction
The Amiga was born a game machine , but it entered a world where the video game industry was well - established and changing rapidly .
Long gone were the days where a lone coder would stay up all night in his basement for six weeks and bang out a hit for the Atari 2600 .
Even the younger and smaller computer game industry had moved far beyond Roberta Williams putting floppy disks into ziplock bags and answering phone calls from players in her kitchen .
The success of the Commodore 64 ( and on the other side of the pond , the Sinclair Spectrum ) meant that more money was available for computer game development , and it was a good thing too , as the more powerful 16 - bit machines were starting to seriously test the limits of a one - man development team .
For the first time , specialized careers were starting to emerge in game development .
The Amiga 's rich , 4096 - color palette demanded people who were skilled artistically to create the sprites and backgrounds .
The four - channel sampled sound chip cried out for musicians to make it sing .
The larger size and complexity of the games required that someone other than the programmers be asked to test the games before they were released .
Finally , new management positions were needed to oversee the work of these creative people .
Life in the trenches
Finding these people was n't easy .
In many cases it was a matter of people fresh out of their teens hiring their peers — people they knew from high school or from computer clubs .
Some of the larger development firms , like Ocean , had a stable of in - house developers , but for most games the work was contracted out to a third - party team .
These teams , often staffed with green developers , were dangerously unstable .
Most teams never made it past their second game .
Clashing egos and arguments , fights over poorly - worded or non-existent contracts , and disappearing funds would stretch friendships to the breaking point .
When a studio was in desperate need of cash , developers and artists would work 16 - hour days and beyond .
Managers would call up contract workers at 2 AM to make sure they were still working .
Miha Rinne , who worked at Terramarque , told me how his supervisor demanded that he write down all the time he spent writing notes , doing backups , and even going to the washroom !
He later took his experiences in the game industry and made a comic out of it , which can be found here .
The glamor of game development
Despite the long hours and low pay , there were still plenty of people eager to jump into Amiga game development , and many who considered themselves lucky when they got to be part of it .
As Daniel Filner , who ported classic LucasArts titles like LOOM and Indiana Jones to the Amiga , told me , " At 17 or 18 my ' dream job ' list was something like this : 1 ) Superhero , 2 ) X - Wing pilot or any other kind of astronaut , 3 ) Video game programmer . "
Then as now , there was a split between development groups and publishing houses , and the two parties ' goals were not always compatible .
Publishers wanted to maximize revenue , so many games were released on " all formats " — the Amiga , Atari ST , a stripped - down version for the IBM PC , and even versions for older 8 - bit computers like the Commodore 64 and Sinclair Spectrum .
The requirement to make games hit the lowest common denominator held back developers who wanted to unleash the Amiga 's full power .
Some development companies , like Psygnosis , went the other way .
They concentrated on the 16 - bit machines and went for as much graphical impact as they could .
This strategy proved to be a success , as the owners of older machines now had a compelling reason to upgrade .
As the 1980s passed , other companies followed suit .
The Amiga became the showcase machine for games that pushed through the boundaries of what was considered possible .
This in turn attracted exceptional people , like artist Jim Sachs , who were drawn to the idea of doing something new .
" I really enjoyed those early Amiga days , " Jim said .
" I could n't wait to get up in the morning , knowing that I 'd be creating brand - new effects which no one had ever seen on a computer screen before . "
Even though the computer game scene was — then as now — much smaller than the market for home video game consoles , it had an effect on the larger world .
Michael Crick , author of the game WordZap , recalled a story where the then - CEO of Nintendo ( whose daughter was friends with Michael 's daughter ) walked in on Michael playing Defender of the Crown on his Amiga .
The Nintendo chief , whose company was at the time bestriding the video game world like a colossus , could do nothing but stare , dumbstruck , at the machine while muttering " great graphics " over and over .
Jim Sachs ' artwork for Defender of the Crown
Magazines and reviewers
Out of this industry grew a community .
New and established gaming magazines became the focal point , bringing together the game developers , their games , and their users .
Tom Malcom spent six years reviewing Amiga games for .info , one of the most popular magazines of the time .
" If there was an Amiga game , I probably saw it and played it , " Tom said .
" Every day , the UPS truck , always referred to as the Toy Truck , would pull up to the back door and drop off another load of games . "
On some days , over a dozen new titles would arrive .
The relationship between magazine reviewers and the developers was friendly and close .
It was a more innocent time , before the days of pushy PR firms and pressure on reviewers to deliver " appropriate " scores .
Tom would often visit the Psygnosis offices .
His favorite game was an obscure side - scrolling shooter called Menace , and the developers told him a cheat code : " xr4titurbonutterbastard " .
This code was based on the car and driving habits of one of the developers , whom the rest of the team was afraid to ride with .
Later , at a trade show in Chicago , he took some of the Psygnosis developers for a drive in his convertible as a way of returning the favor .
In October of 1989 , Tom was scheduled to go to California to make the rounds of the game publishers .
Three days before he left , the Loma Prieta earthquake hit .
" The ceilings of SFO were in piles on the floor , the Marina district was still on fire , the Bay Bridge had a collapsed section , and the freeway in Oakland was pancaked , " he told me , recalling the surreal experience .
" I visited Electronic Arts in Redwood City , where David Dempsey , one of EA 's marketing people , showed me the large cracks in their stairwells .
People were a little skittish , but trying hard to carry on .
I 'd been kind of nervous about intruding on people so soon after the quake , but all of them seemed glad to have the distraction . "
Not even the collapse of the world was enough to stop these game developers from their work .
Outside the iron gates of the Iranian embassy , braced against the winter sleet in woollen caps and ankle - length chupans , hundreds of Afghan men roll out blankets and kneel towards Mecca .
At each bow the men's noses merge with the slushy grey mixture of mud , snow and sewage that covers the rutted pavements and roads of Kabul .
Their prayers are for a new life elsewhere and food for their starving families - they are queueing in the dawn 's half light to leave Afghanistan .
' I wish I had n't come back home from Iran after the Taliban left .
I had a better life there , I had occasional work at least , so I am going back . '
Zahair Mohammad stands in the line trying , with hundreds of others , to get an Iranian visa .
' I was thinking positively for a long time about rebuilding a life here in Kabul , where I was born , but I was wrong , very wrong .
It 's time to go .
I need to work abroad , like most , as a cheap labourer and send money home .
What we 're hearing on the radio about a new Afghanistan is nothing but a dream . '
He gestures at the kilometre - long queue .
' I was a refugee before and now I 'm choosing to become one again .
I 'm not alone . '
Five years after the Taliban were deposed by a US - led military alliance , Afghanistan remains entrenched in poverty .
Intense frustration with the government , particularly among refugees who returned amid promises of change , is growing .
The Observer has learnt that such is the demand among ordinary Afghans to leave that this weekend the Interior Ministry has run out of the basic materials to make passports .
According to human rights watchdogs , the huge increase in economic migrants exposes the shortcomings of Western - led reconstruction , estimated to have cost $ 8 bn ( £ 4.5 bn ) so far , failures which are disturbingly apparent in the overflowing slums of the capital , Kabul .
Hundreds of thousands may have returned from Pakistan and Iran , swelling the city 's population to more than two million , but with local unemployment running at 70 per cent there is simply no future for them .
A United Nations report concluded last year that Afghanistan remains one of the world 's least developed countries , ranking 173rd out of 178 countries surveyed .
For every 1,000 babies born in Afghanistan , 142 die before their first birthday .
An Afghan woman dies in pregnancy every half - hour .
Overall life expectancy is estimated at just under 42 years .
Three - quarters of adults are illiterate and few girls go to school .
But no problem haunts the country more than its displaced peoples - the UN estimates four million Afghans are refugees in Pakistan and Iran , and another two million are uprooted in their own country .
The total , a fifth of the population , represents the largest refugee crisis in the world .
' Refugees who returned to Afghanistan after the Taliban have become fed up with promises and not seeing much improvement practically , ' said Wadir Safi , a law professor at Kabul University .
' Millions returned hoping some brave new world awaited them , but found no work , no housing and no hope .
The billions of dollars ' worth of aid apparently given to date has made little difference to the lives of ordinary Afghans .
Now the men have no option but to leave again , in order to support their families , who must remain behind .
They may not be fleeing persecution this time , but they are escaping unimaginable poverty and can no longer sit by as their families starve . '
Last week , following a crisis conference in London , international donors , led by the US and the UK , pledged more than £ 5.9bn to Afghanistan in a wide - ranging reconstruction programme known as the Afghan Compact .
President Hamid Karzai claimed much progress had been made and the money would ensure it continues .
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said : ' The transformation of Afghanistan was remarkable , but incomplete . '
In Kabul people are asking : ' What transformation ? '
In the bombed remains of Kabul 's Ministry of Energy , Nasir Salam , aged eight , skips through the mud , his jacket flapping in the wind , exposing his skinny ribs .
He is running towards a vast mound of rubbish where children are playing with kites , one of Afghanistan 's most popular pastimes , although the kites are composites of plastic bags and greasy lengths of string .
The youngsters are badly malnourished , their hair and flesh a mass of sores .
their chests wheezing .
On the road that runs parallel to the slum , their mothers congregate , dressed in filthy burqas and chadris , eyes visible through latticed slits as they bang on car windows begging for money .
Others like them had earlier caught a bus to beg in central Kabul , hoping that passing aid workers will spare a dollar .
Idle men are everywhere , standing in small groups amid creeks of raw sewage .
Nasir and his parents are among hundreds of families who have taken up residence in this abandoned compound - most were refugees , encouraged to return home from Iran or Pakistan , after the fall of the Taliban but now destitute .
The buildings where some are squatting have collapsed ceilings , but they offer some respite from the cold .
Few charities come here .
The only visitors in the past month have been officials from a government ministry who came to inspect the site and said they would evict the squatters and reclaim the land for the state .
Nasir 's father , Allahnazzar , 47 , says he would leave , if he could .
' What is there for us here ?
There are hundreds of thousands like us , perhaps millions .
There is no work .
We are squatting in the corner of a bombed building for shelter , there is no clean water and children die from disease here every month .
Many friends who were with me in Pakistan after the Taliban took power have gone back to find work as labourers .
Abroad they can work and send money back to their families to help them survive . '
In a far corner of the slum , 20 - year - old Enayatullah Khan has invited neighbours to his ' home ' for a celebration .
He is clutching his Afghan passport , empty save for an Iranian visa .
He is due to leave the next day .
' I know I will earn money in Iran , I will get work as a labourer and with spring coming I will work in the fields .
I am young , I do n't mind leaving Kabul , most of my friends have gone . '
Outside the Ministry of Interior , a cottage industry has sprung up supplying services to those who want to leave the country , from roadside photographers providing passport pictures to local people filling out forms for the illiterate .
Tariq has raised the money to buy an ancient camera and takes at least 200 passport snaps a day .
' The demand is high .
Everyone wants to go to Iran and Pakistan to work , young and old , nobody wants to stay here .
The queue for the visas is so large that the traffic police marshal it .
But what you are seeing here is the people who want to enter within the law , probably because they have been put in jail as illegal immigrants before and do n't want that again .
' Hundreds of thousands more will go over the border illegally , what other option do they have , ' he adds , pointing across the street where a group of men have monopolised a playground .
' Look at them , they are playing on a children 's roundabout , there is nothing else to do . '
