1071 shares Facebook 122
Pinterest 949
Email
A while back I wrote a pretty thorough article on how to make a budget , but it did n’t really answer the question of how to set up a budget when you do n’t have a regular paycheck .
Interestingly , I seem to get this question a lot .
The fact is , it is more difficult to set up a budget when you never know how much you are going to make each month – but it still can ( and in my opinion ) should definitely be done .
Budgeting Tips for the Commissioned - Only or Self - Employed
In the good times money management is important because you can easily let down your guard and spend more then you realize .
The optimist in you can mistakenly believe that it will always be like this from now on , only to find out a few years later that things can change suddenly without notice .
The wise see trouble coming from far off and make plans .
On the other hand , when times are tough you need to manage your money well .
Sometimes , things can get so tight financially that we really do not want to face how bad things really are .
So , we just continue down the road making things worse financially .
I happen to think it is far more important for those with irregular income to set up a budget because of the quick damage that can be caused if you do n’t .
I have heard stories from readers who really got themselves into a mess by having a few prosperous months and assuming that it would just stay that way .
Then when things go back to “ normal ” they ca n’t adjust back to those “ normal ” spending levels .
How to set up a budget with irregular income
1 . Get the average of your last 12 months ’ earnings
Add them up either in a spreadsheet or piece of paper .
Once added , divide the total by 12 to get your average monthly earnings for the year .
( If you have 24 months of data , you may consider using that )
This is the figure that if everything stays the same the next 12 months , you should be able to use to set up your budget .
But , as we all know , things rarely stay the same and even if they did , you could have a few of the low months in a row that could make things quite challenging .
2. Multiply by 0.8 ( or less )
So , for added protection and safety , I like to multiply the average monthly earnings by 0.8 ( or less for more safety ) .
As you can see in the example to the right , this would give you $ 772 as your number that you base your budget off of .
If after tweaking your budget and cutting your expenses like crazy , you still ca n’t live off of that amount , then you can multiply it by 0.9 , but the higher you go , the higher the chance of things not working out .
3 . Open a buffer savings account
This is an account that is going to function a little like an emergency fund , but it ’s sole purpose is to store up the surplus earnings on good months , so that you can pay the bills on the bad months .
It can be a savings account or money market account , but it should be money that you can easily access and ideally it would be at the same bank you have your checking account – so you can make quick transfers between the accounts .
4 . Try it out
Using our example above , we are going to live off of $ 772 each month .
So assuming January is the same , we would have a $ 78 surplus ( $ 850 - $ 772 ) which we would then transfer to our surplus account .
In February we would have a $ 428 surplus and in March a $ 278 surplus – which would give us $ 748 in our surplus account .
Then when April & May come around we would be able to handle those deficits ( $ 374 ) just by pulling the funds from our surplus account .
The challenge
The hardest part of all this is being disciplined enough to sock the money into the surplus account and not using it to buy a new entertainment center .
It is so easy to think that after a couple good months , it will always stay that way .
But , as they say , the best time to put a new roof on your house is when it is sunny .
It is a lot easier filling an account up with money after a good month , than after a bad month .
The flaw
And the truth is , while I think this is the best way to try to budget when you do n’t have a regular paycheck , it is far from perfect .
I mean in reality it is very unlikely that your earnings are going to be EXACTLY the same as they were 12 months ago .
Sometimes things trend upwards or downwards over years .
But , even though it is n’t perfect this is the best way that I know how to budget in situations like this .
This is just part of the price we pay for being self - employed , in sales , etc .
Sometimes we make more , sometimes less , but personally I would choose the challenge of handling irregular income over a steady paycheck any day .
It was easier budgeting with a regular paycheck , but I generally only got to see my income increase once a year by 5 % ( and then saw it go down by 100 % when I got laid off ) .
I like living on the edge a little more – do n’t you ?
More on setting up the budget
Since I wrote such a thorough article about creating and setting up a budget – you can just check that out for more detail .
It will show you how to set up the budget after you figured out your income – which I guess what this article is really about .
I used a paper budget ( like I mention in that article ) for a while , but am now using the Real Money Budgeting method and I am loving it .
So if you are willing to pay for a budgeting tool , it might be worth checking out .
A few more tips to help you budget with inconsistent income
Do n’t spend it all when you get it .
I know that this should go without saying , but something happens mentally when you have a few thousand extra dollars in the bank .
I know some of you are wishing for that problem to come into your life .
I believe that time and chance happens to us all so you still need to be prepared now .
Once money stats to come in , you can develop a false sense of security and can easily let your guard down .
The book of Proverbs ( 22:3 NIV ) tells us that , “ The prudent see danger and take refuge , but the simple keep going and pay the penalty . ”
Do not foolishly let your guard down when times are good .
Decide now that you are going to be smart with surplus .
Use cash for anything that is not a bill .
After you have your necessities budget set up , determine a reasonable monthly amount for anything that is not directly related to a bill .
Get that amount out from the bank either weekly or monthly .
This will help you in many ways .
It creates discipline because once the money runs out you have to wait until your next cash withdrawal .
It also keeps you better organized as you will not be pulling your hair out with all of the small charges on your bank statement .
Rank your expenses in order of importance .
If money becomes extremely tight , then take out a piece of paper and rank all of your expenses in order of importance .
This is a great exercise to do for many reasons .
It helps you to know who to pay first when some money does come in the door .
Try your best not to have automatic withdrawals in your account .
While it might appear simpler , you have less control .
Also , take a look at the very bottom of the list .
Maybe the last five items on your list you could be cut out altogether as they are not as important to you to begin with .
Apply some of these principles today and you will have a better piece of mind even with an irregular income .
A few other tools to help you :
If you have any other helpful ideas for budgeting with inconsistent income , let us know in the comments below !
Image caption Lena invites everyone to a party ...
With her runaway victory at the Eurovision Song Contest , German teenager Lena has ushered in a new era for the annual music jamboree .
Not only has she signalled an end to a politically - motivated , 13 - year losing streak for the " big four " countries who help fund the competition , but her winning song , Satellite , has reclaimed the contest 's musical credibility .
With echoes of Lily Allen and Paloma Faith , it is the first contemporary pop hit Eurovision has produced in decades .
And Lena was not alone in embracing the charts , with several of the top songs all displaying a welcome maturity .
Turkey 's entrants , maNga , are a nu metal band who picked up an MTV Award last year ; while Belgian singer - songwriter Tom Dice moulded his song on the hit singles of David Gray and James Morrison .
Billowing hair
2010 's competition got off to a rousing start , as Azerbaijan 's Safura took to the stage in a dress that literally lit up like a Christmas tree .
Her song , Drip Drop , was widely tipped to win but her look ( lion - maned temptress ) and song choice ( over - wrought power ballad ) was replicated too often to stand out .
Indeed , there were so many seductive women with manes of hair billowing into the wind , that you began to think the audience consisted entirely of wind machines .
Image caption France 's uptempo Allez Olla
Ole was well received
One plucky soul was determined to prove otherwise , however , and ran onto the stage in a jester 's hat during Spain 's performance - the first Eurovision stage invasion since 1964 .
Daniel Diges got to perform his song again but , to be honest , it was better the first time .
Romania , on the other hand , made actual sparks fly when male - female duo Paula Seling and Ovi shot flames out of their sleeves ; while Belarusian group 3+2 marked the climax of their song by sprouting butterfly wings .
Gimmicks aside , it was a clutch of uptempo numbers that received the best reaction inside Oslo 's Telenor Arena .
Among them were Greece 's tub - thumping machismo - fest OPA ! and France 's rambunctious Allez Olla Ole .
If your bottom did n't wiggle to that one , then your bottom was malfunctioning .
' It 's unreal '
But amidst all the hotpants , fireworks and questionable haircuts ( I 'm looking at you , Serbia ) it was a lone 19 - year - old pop singer who made the biggest impression .
Lena had no complicated choreography , no inexplicable backing dancers and she wore a simple black dress - the sort of thing you could pick up tomorrow in any high street store .
Image caption Julia Frost , who co-wrote the winning song , has a proven track record
Her refreshingly direct performance reflected a vivacious , playful personality .
Following her victory , she ran into the press centre , showering photographers with champagne and chanting " Ich liebe Deutschland " .
She joked that she had been in a relationship with last year 's winner , Alexander Rybak " since three years and four months " and answered one question simply by blowing kisses at the assembled journalists .
" I think it 's unreal !
I 'm very happy , " she exclaimed .
" I hope everyone 's going to make it to the party tonight ! "
Contest cliche
At the other end of the scale , UK entrant Josh Dubovie will be drowning his sorrows after taking last place , with a measly 10 points .
His fatal mistake was to cling stoically to decades - old Eurovision cliche , in a year when the contest finally dragged itself into the 21st Century .
That Sounds Good To Me was written by Pete Waterman and Mike Stock - bankable hitmakers in their heyday , but that heyday was 20 years ago , and their song sounded like it had been pulled off a shelf marked " Jason Donovan rejects ( 1988 ) " .
By contrast , Julia Frost , who co-wrote Lena 's song , works for RedZone entertainment - the US company responsible for Rihanna 's Umbrella and Britney Spears ' Me Against The Music .
Her writing partner , John Gordon , told the BBC that Satellite was composed three years ago and " was n't even written for Eurovision " .
" We were just so ahead of our time and finally the rest of the world caught up with us ! "
Frost joked .
She may not be wrong .
Mayor Daley wants to make one thing clear : it 's my fault that he lost his cool yesterday and offered to sodomize and shoot me for asking a question about violence in the city .
A little while ago the mayor told reporters that he was merely trying to teach a lesson to me and the rest of the press corps about how dangerous guns are , since it was clear from my question that we do n't get it .
“ I want to shock you , maybe scare you to realize , this is serious , " he said .
" I want you to be as passionate as I am . "
Yesterday mayoral press secretary Jackie Heard put it more coherently , as she always does : " The person asking the question was missing the point that unrestricted guns are a devastating issue . "
Actually , they 're missing the point , and they 're of course doing it on purpose .
They want to miss the point .
You do n't have to fire a gun to shoot the messenger .
The point is that there 's a critical discussion that needs to take place around here about gun control , violence , an understaffed police force , neglected neighborhoods , chronic joblessness , the war on drugs , failing schools , and the priorities of public officials .
But Mayor Daley has shown no signs of being interested in it .
He 's decided what needs to happen , and we 're either with him or against him .
There 's no better illustration of his intolerance for debate , dissent , and transparency than his decision to hold a gun up and joke about shooting a journalist .
Make no mistake : this is n't about me .
I just happened to be the guy who asked the question that set the mayor off this time around .
On other days he 's laid into other reporters , aldermen , or underlings .
People have asked the mayor if he plans to apologize to me .
I do n't expect or want an apology .
But since he 's brought up my alleged ignorance and insensitivity , I 'll offer him just a couple of quick biographical details about myself so he can be a little more precise in his criticism the next time around .
I know a bit about gun violence .
One of my uncles was slain in a gun accident years ago .
When I taught at an alternative high school on the south side in the 1990s , my students and I narrowly avoided being shot during a field trip when a gang member chased after us with a gun .
One of my students was later executed in an alley for crossing the wrong gang lords .
As a reporter I travel all over the city — by public transit , since I do n't own a car or have a chauffeur — to spend time with people directly affected by violence .
Like many other Chicagoans , I 've seen people carrying guns on the train and witnessed attacks there before .
Just last week I was at a CAPS meeting on the west side where people talked openly about the shootings , gambling , prostitution , and drug dealing outside their homes .
None of this makes me a saint , nor does it allow me to pass myself off as someone with special insight into urban violence .
Here 's the real point : like thousands of other ordinary citizens in this city , I have to confront the reality that Chicago is n't a particularly safe place to live .
What I asked yesterday was hardly a gotcha question : the gun ban simply has n't stopped the violence in Chicago — that 's a fact — so do you think it 's been effective , Mr. Mayor ?
If anything , it was a softball question .
The mayor could have said yes , I think it helps get guns off the street even if it is n't the answer to all of our problems .
In which case I would have loved to ask : OK , that makes sense — so what else do you think the city can do to counter its shooting and murder epidemic ?
Any other or new ideas ?
But the mayor , for all his passion , does n't give off any impression that he wants to talk about new ideas , even if he has some .
This is his town and he and his friends know what 's best .
They do n't want any guff from any of us .
And when he gets questions he does n't like he deflects them or gets angry .
I do n't fear being shot in the ass by the mayor .
I just worry that his antics are going to distract us again .
We can't afford to keep missing the point .
Oh yes , Harmony with html5 - canvas
I ’m just digging just a little bit into html5 - canvas object .
Then I found a project , that should convince any critics instantly about canvas : Harmony from Mr. Doob .
It feels light , is at a performant level ( at least on my computer ) and got a decent style .
Just have a look at the page - source of the website .
Scripting galore !
Have fun with it !
Here is a good cheat sheet , that should make the first steps into canvas easy .
Sent to contact.ipr@gmail.com :
GREEN PARTY CONDEMNS HO– USE BILL 6000 , CALLS FOR ALL CHICAGO ALDERMEN TO DISAVOW AND REJECT “ MACHINE PROTECTION ACT ”
On February 23 , Democrats advanced House Bill 6000 , which would limit
potential challengers in future aldermanic elections in Chicago .
The
bill significantly raises signature requirements in every ward , and
also gives well - financed , entrenched aldermen a new way to get
opponents thrown off the ballot .
HB6000 , which passed the House Elections and Campaign Reform Committee
on a 5 - 4 party line vote , would raise the petitioning requirement in
Chicago aldermanic races from 2 % of the votes cast in a given ward in
the previous election to a flat 500 signatures .
This would mean an
increase in every ward , and an over 400 % increase in some wards .
The bill also prohibits a voter from signing more than one petition ,
which could mean that excess signatures can be used by a candidate to
invalidate the signatures their opponent has collected .
A
well - financed incumbent could flood a ward with workers the first day
of petitioning , and effectively block other opponents from being able
to collect valid signature to launch a challenge .
“ Chicagoans are fed up .
We ’ve watched public assets privatized in
mostly closed - door deals ; schools closed and services cut while the
mayor controls massive TIF slush funds ; and constant scandal involving
bribes and kickbacks , ” said Phil Huckelberry , Illinois Green Party
Chair , and a resident of the Logan Square neighborhood .
“ Voters are
ready to throw Daley ’s cronies out of office .
So here comes Mike
Madigan to the rescue . ”
“ The intent here is to ensure that nobody gets on the ballot that the
mayor does n’t want on the ballot .
End of story , ” said Alberto
Bocanegra , Cook County Green Party Chair and resident of the
Brighton Park neighborhood .
“ House Bill 6000 is nothing more than
a Machine Protection Act . ”
“ We challenge the aldermen of Chicago to speak out against this bill ,
and the General Assembly to say no to doing any more favors for
Richard Daley , ” said Tom Tresser , Green Party candidate for Cook
County Board President and resident of the Old Town neighborhood .
Tresser ’s opponent this November , Toni Preckwinkle , is the incumbent
4th Ward Alderman .
“ The Mayor has already appointed 17 aldermen to
their current positions and will appoint two more shortly ( to replace Flores
and Carrothers ) .
The City Council is already a rubber stamp for Daley and
this proposed legislation will make it even harder to challenge his puppets . ”
As written , there are likely legal issues with HB6000 .
The signature
requirements for some wards would exceed 5 % , which would violate the
constitutionality test in the U.S. Supreme Court case Jeness v .
Fortson .
And in 2009 , a similar law in Rhode Island that prohibited
voters from signing multiple petitions was stricken down in U.S .
District Court .
( That case , Fontes v City of Central Falls , is being
appealed . )
The law would be particularly onerous as it applies to wards in
minority neighborhoods , especially Latino wards .
In the two lowest
voter - turnout wards of the city , the 12th and 22nd on the near
Southwest Side , signature requirements would more than quadruple .
Since the effective result of the law would make it particularly hard
for minorities to run for office , it may also run afoul of the 14th
Amendment and Voting Rights Act .
“ Latinos in Chicago are sick of being bossed around by the mayor and
his lackeys , ” said Bocanegra , who ran for 12th Ward Alderman in 2007
and is considered a particular target of this legislation .
“ People
want their elected officials to be accountable to them , not to the
Machine .
It ’s no big surprise to see the Democrats making yet another
power play to maintain control for their friends and family . ”
Little girl makes salad and sister lends a hand .
Embed :
If you are looking for a nice font , but need something not too dominant , using a light font or it ’s light version would be the way to go .
If you are looking for a nice font , but need something not too dominant , using a light font or it ’s light version would be the way to go .
Not all light fonts look good , however I ’ve taken the time to find some of the very best out there .
Please check out this collection of 30 professional , but still FREE light fonts below .
Download and Enjoy !
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
The judge ruled there was substantial risk of forced marriage .
It has emerged that two girls living in Northern Ireland have been made the subject of a court order to stop them being forced into marriage in Pakistan .
The court ruled there was a " real and substantial risk " they would be forced to marry .
The girls , now aged 12 and 14 , became wards of court in 2007 after their parents made plans to send them to Pakistan .
Two of their older brothers had been forced into marriage there in 2005 .
In 2007 one of the brothers informed the authorities that his parents , both British Muslims of Pakistani descent , were planning to send his sisters to live in Pakistan .
He expressed concern they would force his sisters into marriage .
In the wardship proceedings that followed , the mother said she was sending the girls to Pakistan to be educated there .
" Substantial risk "
But the court found she had made no arrangements for this , and that letters produced as evidence the girls had been accepted by a school in Pakistan had been forged .
An array of techniques were employed some of which were criminal
Justice Stephens
An emergency wardship application was put in place , but this was an interim measure and the case was brought back before the court in March .
The mother told the court she no longer wished her daughters to be educated in Pakistan .
She said what had occurred with her eldest sons in 2005 was not an indicator of what would happen to her daughters , and her two youngest sons had been to Pakistan since then without being forced to marry .
However , Mr Justice Stephens ' ruling supported earlier judgements that the girls were to be sent to Pakistan in 2007 to be forced into marriage .
He said if the girls were to go to Pakistan for a holiday this would be a " pretext " and there remains a " substantial risk " they would be forced to marry .
The judge discharged the wardship order , as there were no " concerns of care " other than forced marriage .
Instead he put in place a forced marriage protection order .
" Criminal " techniques A factor in Justice Stephen 's decision was the forced marriages of the girls ' two oldest brothers .
In November 2005 , the two brothers went to a police station in Northern Ireland and said they had been forced to marry on a trip to Pakistan with their father .
The younger brother , who was around 15 at the time , said the first he heard of his parents ' plans for his marriage was on the flight to Pakistan .
On arriving in Pakistan the father put pressure on his sons to agree to the marriages .
He locked them in a room , beat them and confiscated their passports .
The boys were eventually cajoled into marriage on the understanding that the " wedding " would be a front to get the girls visas .
But when the ceremony and celebrations were over , the father told the sons to sleep in the same rooms as their " wives " .
When they refused to do so their father beat them with a stick .
The boys were persuaded to sleep in the same rooms as their wives but the marriages were not consummated .
Commenting on the events in 2005 , Justice Stephens said , " an array of techniques were employed some of which were criminal " .
The Judge said the parents ' approach to forced marriage had not changed and there were substantial risks that the same techniques would be employed to the girls in the future .
Not only a " gross " rights abuse
The judge also took into consideration the possible impact forced marriage could have on the girls ' future children .
The father , who was first cousin of the mother , suffered from a " devastating hereditary disease " .
The two older brothers were forced to marry their first cousins and the sisters could also be forced to marry their first cousins .
The judge said forcing the girls to marry " would not only be a gross abuse of ( their ) rights " .
He said if the forced marriages were to their first cousins this " could have a devastating impact on the health of any of their children " .
The Forced Marriage ( Civil Protection ) Act 2007 came into force on 25 November 2008 .
It enables family courts to make Forced Marriage Protection Orders , designed to protect the victim in their particular circumstances .
For example , an order may prevent a forced marriage from occurring , or stop someone from being taken abroad .
Those who fail to obey an order may be found in contempt of court and sent to prison for up to two years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How to Plan Your Summer Hockey Activities
I am often asked what a player should do to make the most of his or her off season .
This can be a tough question , because the answer usually varies from player to player .
However , despite the many possible “ correct answers , ” there are five main objectives that I think should be staples for any player looking to improve this summer––regardless of age or skill - level :
Facebook unveils big changes
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Facebook unveiled a host of changes at its f8 developers conference that are already ruffling some users ' feathers .
Many of the changes take advantage of big revisions that Facebook made to its privacy settings in late March .
Those changes opened the door to allow select third - party Web sites the ability to access and store some users ' personal information .
( See correction below )
Those sites can use that information to show what a user 's Facebook friends have been doing on their sites .
CNN , IMDB.com and ESPN.com are among the first sites signing up to use the technology .
So if you 're a Facebook user reading CNN.com , you 'll be able to see what all your Facebook friends are looking at , view recommended stories and see which friends liked which stories .
Users will be able to share more of the outside Web with their social network .
" This is the most transformative thing we 've ever done for the Web , " said Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg in his keynote address Wednesday .
" These new technologies will help create instantly social and personalized experiences on the Web . "
But even before the announcement , critics expressed concern about the privacy implications of such a service .
A similar program called Beacon , unveiled in 2007 , caused such a stir among users that the company canned it last year .
Some experts say Facebook learned from its mistakes with Beacon , but it still needs to frame the argument better to get its customers on board .
Instead of waiting until Wednesday , Facebook somewhat covertly made the proposed change to its privacy policy late last month and opened it up for public comment .
" It 's not a surprise that the feedback has been quite negative so far , " said Augie Ray , social networking analyst for Forrester Research .
" Facebook needs to start framing these issues in ways that make the benefits to consumers clear .
They 're being much more transparent , but there 's still a lot of room for improvement . "
Despite some pushback from users , the move is part of a big effort from Facebook to continue to grow beyond facebook.com .
" It 's evident that Facebook wishes to expand its reach , " said Ray .
" Facebook has created a very effective and valuable destination site that eats up enormous amounts of users ' time , but for the most part , users have to go to facebook .com to get that value . "
Big changes
Universal " like " button :
One of the major new items that users will see is a " like " button displayed on Web sites outside of Facebook .
The social network will collect that data to better understand and map its users preferences .
The " like " button on Facebook broadcasts what photos , comments or posts a user likes .
Facebook announced Wednesday that " like " buttons will start to show up across the Internet , enabling users to share items with friends even when they 're not physically on facebook.com .
For instance , liking " The Godfather " on IMDB.com will put that movie in a user 's movie interests section of their Facebook page .
Liking a baseball player on ESPN.com will put up - to - date information about that player in a user 's news feed .
To compliment the universal " like " button , Facebook has changed its internal " Become a Fan " button to " like " as well .
Facebook also will provide a Facebook " social bar " tool that third - party Web sites can display at the bottom of a page , which will let users access some Facebook features without leaving the site , including chat , and activity streams .
Similarly , Facebook said third - party Web sites will soon be able to host a number of Facebook features on their sites .
New profiles , new pages : Facebook is changing users ' profile pages so that the " pages " section will no longer appear in a separate section on the bottom of the " info " page .
Those pages will be brought up to the " interests " section .
Users will be asked to convert their interests into fan pages :
Is one of your interests " The Beatles ? "
Well , now you can become a fan of The Beatles in a single click .
By default , users will receive notifications from their fan pages in their news feed .
Facebook also added new privacy settings that allow a user to control who sees all of those connections .
Community pages :
So what about interests like " hiking , " " napping " or " cooking , " which do n't have Facebook pages ?
Now they do .
Facebook unveiled about 6.5 million " community pages " this week , which take the " fan page " concept and apply them to ideas , locations or interests .
Currently , community pages are pretty rudimentary .
A user can see posts from friends related to that topic as well as what the overall public is saying about it .
There is also a link to a Wikipedia article on the subject .
Users can't yet add any content to these pages , but that ability will come soon .
Real - time search :
Also among the biggest announcements is real - time search on third - party search sites , similar to Twitter 's service .
Facebook announced that users ' public posts will be available for search on sites like Google and Bing .
" It remains to be seen how consumers would adopt real - time search of Facebook feeds , " said Ray .
" It 's a different kind of search from Google and Twitter -- would you want to search on Google to see what your friends say ? "
Correction :
An earlier version of this story failed to state when the privacy changes were made .
They were made on March 26 .
The brain diet : Eating the right foods can improve your memory , lift your mood and help you concentrate for longer
Junk food is as addictive as heroin , it was reported recently .
It seems fatty and sugary snacks trigger the same pleasure centres in the brain as drugs - which could explain why many people just can't stop themselves bingeing on the stuff .
It could also lie behind the obesity epidemic .
But it 's not just unhealthy food that has a significant effect on health and behaviour .
Omega - 3 oils ( found mainly in oily fish , but also in walnuts , pumpkin and flax seeds ) are good ' brain food '
Your brain weighs just 3lbs or so - a fraction of overall body weight - but it gobbles up about 20 per cent of your daily calorie intake .
A brain - healthy diet is essential for keeping your memory and intellect sharp and your mood buoyant .
Here , we look at the latest thinking on nutrition and the brain - and the foods that help as well as those that hinder ...
BOOST CONCENTRATION
Good powers of concentration depend on keeping the messages flowing freely between brain cells
Good powers of concentration depend on keeping the messages flowing freely between brain cells .
These cells need oxygen to fire up and send a message , and they get it from blood sugar .
Simply ensuring an adequate and steady calorie intake throughout the day is therefore the first step to keeping focused and alert .
It is not enough , however , for the signals to be generated - they also have to be sent from one cell to another .
This is done by nerve fibres .
Just like electric wires , these fibres have to be insulated so the messages flow .
In order to build these sheaths , the brain needs a fatty substance called myelin .
Omega - 3 oils ( found mainly in oily fish , but also in walnuts , pumpkin and flax seeds ) help build and maintain myelin .
This may be why fish oil supplements seem to boost children 's mental performance , although studies showing this are controversial .
TOP TIP : Eating regularly - three meals a day - helps you to concentrate .
Snack on walnuts and seeds .
LIFT YOUR MOOD
Our feelings , like all mental activities , involve a frenetic exchange of electrical messages between the brain cells .
The information is carried between the cells by chemicals called neurotransmitters - and these play a key role in your mood .
One of the key neurotransmitters is dopamine , the ' feel - good ' messenger .
Rising levels of dopamine give you enthusiasm , drive and pleasure .
Falling levels are liked to a sense of emptiness , sadness , irritation and boredom .
Sugary and fatty foods cause a surge of dopamine .
However , a quick dopamine high is invariably followed by an equally sharp drop , so to keep buoyant all day you are better off eating slow release , protein - rich foods .
Another way of ensuring a steady production of dopamine - and a continued good mood - is to supply your brain with precursors .
These are the molecules which it uses to manufacture dopamine .
One important precursor called phenylalanine is found in beets , soybeans ( available as edamame beans ) , almonds , eggs , meat and grains .
But if you really need a quick mood - boost , chocolate is especially effective at pumping up dopamine .
That 's because it contains anandamide - a fat molecule that resembles the active substance found in marijuana .
Another neurotransmitter , called serotonin , helps you feel serene and content , combating anxiety .
A carbohydrate snack will raise your serotonin level quickly , but it will also make you sleepy , so again , it is better to keep the level steady .
To manufacture serotonin the brain needs tryptophan , a substance found mainly in eggs and meat - the good news is that a bacon and egg breakfast will supply your body with serotonin building blocks to last the day .
Alcohol also creates a sense of well - being in small doses - it does this partly by boosting dopamine .
In large doses , however , it leads to a hangover , which is characterised by low mood .
And long - term overuse actually destroys brain cells , especially those concerned with memory .
TOP TIP :
Try bacon and eggs for breakfast for a good mood throughout the day .
Almonds and edamame beans are also good .
STAY ALERT
Caffeinated coffee is a classic remedy for sleepiness , but there 's an art to using it properly
Caffeinated coffee is a classic remedy for sleepiness , but there 's an art to using it properly .
Its effect is down to the way it binds to certain cell receptors in the brain .
These would normally soak up a substance that turns off electrical activity , making you drowsy .
Caffeine effectively blocks this substance , so encouraging your brain cells to be more active , giving you a burst of energy .
Too much caffeine , however , produces nerviness because the pituitary gland at the base of the brain interprets this spurt of activity as warning of an emergency .
It then instructs the body to produce the ' fight or flight ' hormone adrenalin .
So while you 'll become more alert initially , and your brain may work better and faster , you may also feel anxious - cancelling out your ability to think clearly .
Stick to a single espresso .
Carbohydrates can also provide a energy hit because they create a surge of glucose .
But this in turn causes the body to release the hormone insulin - which makes you feel drowsy .
TOP TIP : A single espresso will boost your alertness , but a double will just make you anxious and muddle your thinking .
MEMORY
Our ability to remember things depends on getting brain cells to make new connections .
They do this best when they are highly excited - that is why we tend to remember events which happen when we are feeling emotionally or intellectually stimulated .
There is one key messenger in the brain which keeps brain cells excited - acetylcholine .
Vegetables such as cabbage , broccoli and cauliflower also seem to help memory
In fact , drugs which mimic the effect of this chemical have been found to boost memory in people with Alzheimer's .
This key chemical is made from choline , which is found in eggs , liver and soybeans .
Vegetables such as cabbage , broccoli and cauliflower also seem to help memory .
Researchers found people who eat these do better than peers on memory tests .
TOP TIP : Eggs could make a real difference to your memory .
Eat them regularly .
CONTROL CRAVINGS
When you are anxious , your body produces stress hormones called glucocorticoids .
These trigger the brain to seek ways to relieve the misery .
And that 's where sugary , fatty foods come in .
Studies of rats with high levels of stress hormones found they developed compulsive behaviours , including guzzling sugary drinks and eating lard .
The short - term effect was to lower their stress hormones and help them relax .
However , the effect of comfort eating was to make them fat .
Over a long period , repeated exposure to sugar alters the way the brain responds - the body need more to get pleasure , so people get addicted in the same way they get addicted to drugs .
It 's boring but true : the only way to prevent cravings is to avoid the substances that create them .
If you are ambushed by a craving , you can either feed it or resist .
Or try other dopamine - boosting activities , such as reading .
TOP TIP : Try to limit your habit .
Or try other sorts of dopamine - boosting activities such as exercise or socialising .
Internet giant Google is planning to begin its sale of digital books by late June or July , a media report said .
' The Wall Street Journal ' stated that Chris Palma , Google 's manager for strategic - partner development , announced a time table for Google 's e-book launch plans at a publishing - industry panel meet in New York on Tuesday .
Google has been speaking about its vision on distributing books online for several years now .
More recently , over the last few months , it has been evangelising a new service called Google Editions .
" The company is hoping to distinguish Google Editions in the marketplace by allowing users to access books from a broad range of websites using an array of devices , unlike rivals that are focused on proprietary devices and software , " the report said .
While Palma did not give out the details , he said that users of Google Editions would be able to read books from the web browser - nullifying the need for an e-reader device .
Though the company is also keen on building softwares to optimise reading on certain e-devices , such as iPhones and iPads , it has not announced any specific plans in that regard , WSJ added .
According to Google , users would also be able to buy digital copies of literature they find through its book search service .
It will also allow book retailers to sell Google Editions on their own sites , giving partners the bulk of the revenue , the report said .
Though publishers are yet to publicly commit themselves to the service , Google is not expected to run into much trouble in that regard , WSJ said .
ALSO READ Oplus launches XonPad7 tablet at Rs 9,990 in partnership with Snapdeal
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Love – is that later thing than Death ( 924 )
Emily Dickinson
Love – is that later Thing than Death –
More previous – than Life –
Confirms it at its entrance – And
Usurps it – of itself –
Tastes Death – the first – to hand the sting
The Second – to its friend –
Disarms the little interval –
Deposits Him with God –
Then hovers – an inferior Guard –
Lest this Beloved Charge
Need – once in an Eternity –
A smaller than the Large –
Comment :
The first stanza seems clear enough , at first .
Love being “ later ” than Death and “ more previous ” than Life makes Life “ the little interval ” of the second stanza ; Love seems not to be the interval because it surrounds the sequence of Life / Death .
Of course , there is another sense where Love is a sequence .
Love is generated from a lover to a beloved .
In that sense , it creates ( “ more previous ” ) even if ( or especially if ) love should never be returned .
Hence , “ later Thing than Death : ” the perpetually outstanding issue , what love is , when love is .
“ Confirms it at its entrance : ” does Love confirm Life , or merely itself ?
“ Usurps it – of itself : ” that Love usurps Life we definitely are seeing now .
But “ of itself ? ” Does Life acquiesce , or even demand Love take over ?
Let ’s remove “ Life . ” “ [ Love ] Tastes Death , ” which first hands a sting .
“ The Second ” is merely the next step in a sequence that may be ongoing .
Unlike Death , no end is explicitly given ( “ Disarms the little interval ” ) .
Perhaps the friend , the Beloved , is “ with God ” – no , not yet , that ’s a potential misreading .
The friend of Death is Love .
The lover is loving because of mortality ; the Beloved is with God because of wishful thinking ( “ disarms ” implies death is meaningless ; “ deposits ” sounds earthly but is applied to the heavenly ) .
The unreality of Love has to catch up with the lover .
From a sequence moving sideways , an ascent has been attempted , but only attempted .
“ An inferior Guard ” hovers , between lover and beloved , because of where the Beloved has been deposited .
The Beloved can ask for something more concrete from the lover , and perhaps the Guard , being inferior will allow it .
But the lover has given “ Large , ” partly because getting more specific than “ later Thing ” was a problem .
What makes love actual , and even beneficial to the lover , starts at this point , “ once in an Eternity . ”
The Guard can be inflexible and ignore the Beloved ’s needs , including the need to be “ let go . ”
Or the Guard can be willingly inferior in the best sense .
Most importantly , he presents this observation in the context of “ fairness ” .
He recognises that the meaning Brownian Labour gave to that concept was not one that would be recognised by most voters , ie , taking money away from people who have worked hard in order to subsidise the lifestyles of those who have not .
To most people , the word “ fair ” means that you get out of life pretty much what you put in .
And no section of society believes that more fervently than the C1 and C2 voters who had been so infuriated by Labour in the 1970s that they gave Margaret Thatcher three election victories , only to return to Labour when they felt that it had a leader ( Tony Blair ) who understood their frustration .
And now they have decamped again .
They were not hugely confident that the Cameron Conservatives would address their concerns – which is why we now have the present mishmash – but they sure as hell knew that Labour had abandoned them .
The poet Patrick Kavanagh once observed that " posterity has not printed its banknotes yet " , but tentative judgments are already being made on Michael Schumacher 's baffling decision to return to Formula One , the sport he dominated with such ruthlessness in the vivid colours of Ferrari .
When the three - times world champion Niki Lauda was asked about Schumacher a few weeks ago he said that opinions should be reserved until after the third race of the season , which took place in Malaysia a week ago .
Schumacher , after all , had shown a complete mastery of Sepang 's wide open spaces , winning there in 2000 , 2001 and 2004 .
But , last Sunday , the German , who had qualified in eighth place on the grid , retired after nine laps .
After three races , his best finish has been sixth and he has failed to qualify better than seventh .
This is the man with 91 victories and 68 pole positions to his name .
It has not gone well .
and his Mercedes Silver Arrow has looked about as sharp as the sort boys used to play with , with a piece of rubber at the pointy end .
At 41 , he is stalked by Anno Domini and by his own legend .
And he has been beaten not only by other teams , but by his team - mate Nico Rosberg , the scion with the looks of the young Leonardo DiCaprio , who won the team their first podium finish in Malaysia .
Schumacher is also one of only two drivers – Russian rookie Vitaly Petrov is the other – to have been out - qualified 3 - 0 by his team - mate this season .
Little wonder the German newspaper Bild recently ran the headline " Der Schumi ‑Absturz " – the fall of Schumi – amid growing speculation that the driver may not see out his three ‑year contract with Mercedes .
With sponsorship , he is earning £ 29 m a year .
It is not only in F1 , of course , where bright young things show a marked reluctance to genuflect before their elders .
But Schumacher has been dismissed with something of the hauteur he once paraded in the pit lane .
There was something a little sad about his protracted tussle with the Toro Rosso of Jaime Alguersuari , the youngest driver to take part in F1 , in Melbourne , though he would n't thank you for the sympathy .
The three times world champion Jackie Stewart has his doubts about Schumacher 's ability to win another world title .
" The jury 's still out , " he says , sounding dubious .
" It 's very clear that Michael has not lost any of his skills .
You do n't just check out from the experience and knowledge that made him champion seven times .
" I remember that five and 10 years after I retired , when I was 39 and 44 , I came back to drive all the cars in the championship on behalf of Elf and I did n't feel that I had lost anything .
But Michael has not been able to deliver on the pace yet and the fact that he has been beaten in qualifying and in the races by his team - mate will trouble him more than he has shown . "
According to Stewart , this is not only down to his car , but to the talent that surrounds him on the grid .
" Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton are both fantastically fast at McLaren .
" Then you 've got Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso at Ferrari and the Red Bull pair of Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel .
But outside the main teams you 've got drivers as good and as experienced as Rubens Barrichello and Robert Kubica .
It 's the best group of top drivers that I can remember . "
Stewart has enormous faith in Ross Brawn , the man who guided Schumacher to his first two titles at Benetton and then five in a row at Ferrari .
" The Mercedes will improve .
But then so will the other cars . "
The mistake Schumacher has made , according to Stewart , is not coming back but retiring in the first place .
" Michael retired too early .
He should n't have quit because he had n't finished with it .
" I knew I would n't race again when I retired and so did Gerhard Berger .
When Niki Lauda finally retired – after a successful comeback , mark you – he even left his helmet on the seat of the car .
He knew , we all knew , that he just was n't going back there .
But Michael always had unfinished business . "
But Schumacher is still giving value for money according to Stewart .
" The sponsors are getting their delivery because Michael will be good news at every race this season .
Wherever he goes he is making a comeback and the cameras are rolling . "
Meanwhile , Mercedes bosses are still convinced about their man .
" As soon as the car can win so can Michael , " says Mercedes - Benz motorsport boss Norbert Haug , while chief executive Nick Fry insists everything is coming together .
But others maintain that three years is too long to be out .
And in the fast evolving world of F1 , to merely stand still is to be hurtled into history .
You are in a blue cave .
All around you are stacks of bricks that shatter on impact as you bound toward the exit .
You are running .
You emerge into daylight .
Before you , massive steps ascend toward the clouds .
You reflexively scale them .
Below , a large pipe juts out of the rocky valley , and a carnivorous plant peers out of its opening .
When you fall into the valley , the plant has vanished into thin air .
" WELCOME TO WARP ZONE ! " reads the message appearing in its stead .
Below the text is a big number " 1 . "
The pipe is an escape from this world .
But it 's a faulty escape -- the pipe goes , to World 1 - 1 , and your reckless exploring has trapped Mario in the Mushroom Kingdom 's plumbing system .
You 're afforded one other option :
On the other side of the pipe is a hole in the ground .
You have played the Mario games enough to know that this hole leads only to death .
But unlike every other hole you have run and jumped over , this one is an invitation from the creators to suicide .
You know that by killing yourself , you can avoid this pipe trap by having yourself resurrected at the start of World 3 - 1 .
It 's a chance to start over and find the right way out .
But you 're not really conditioned to kill yourself .
A former coworker of mine , who remembered this esoteric suicide scenario from the Japanese Super Mario Bros.
2 , once told me that the offering blew his young mind .
As Mario , we have always been able to kill ourselves by letting the timer reach zero .
But that 's passive , not active , suicide .
The vignette raises questions about the way that games treat life and death -- questions that still have n't been answered .
Does a surfeit of lives cheapen our notion of life , rendering it as easily dispensable as coins or bullets ?
Or is the cycle of life , death , and resurrection a rich platform for contemplation ?
Speakers at the Game Design Challenge during the 2010 Game Developers Conference acknowledged that games seem to trivialize life .
According to Portal designer Kim Swift , deaths in the average game are " passing inconveniences " that signify imminent load times -- rather than , say , themes of tragedy , passage , or endings .
For the event , titled " Real - World Permadeath , " Swift and other designers imagined games that would address the actual -- or -- death of a human being .
Erin Robinson and Heather Kelley based their Last Game & Testament on the process of will creation ; Jenova Chen 's HeavenVille reinvented Facebook as an extended eulogy to the deceased ; and Swift 's Karma had her playing through the days leading up to her own hypothetical death .
Each game distinctly resembled a ritual , as if in petrified response to the subject of real death .
Robinson and Kelley 's was arguably more utility than game ; Swift 's was unremittingly somber .
Only Chen 's winning entry managed to be playful .
Implicit in the permadeath challenge was the idea that , by their nature , traditional games -- where killing is impulsive and dying is inconvenient -- do not perceive death .
An authentic death in a game must be a real one that occurs outside the game , for whatever dies in a game is as inconsequential as the aftermath .
That includes you .
It 's illustrative , then , to dismantle gaming moments such as the suicide cliff in World 3 - 1 .
These moments , often buried in the mechanics of gameplay , confront you with your avatar 's own mortality .
What happens when your violence is turned on yourself ?
What does your extra life mean at that point ?
By Najlaa Abou Mehri and Linda Sills
BBC Radio 4 , Crossing Continents
Young Arab women wait in an upmarket medical clinic for an operation that will not only change their lives , but quite possibly save it .
Yet the operation is a matter of choice and not necessity .
It costs about 2,000 euros ( £ 1,700 ) and carries very little risk .
The clinic is not in Dubai or Cairo , but in Paris .
And the surgery they are waiting for is to restore their virginity .
Whether in Asia or the Arab world , an unknown number of women face an agonising problem having broken a deep taboo .
They 've had sex outside marriage and if found out , risk being ostracised by their communities , or even murdered .
Sonia says she considered suicide after her first sexual relationship
Now more and more of them are undergoing surgery to re-connect their hymens and hide any sign of past sexual activity .
They want to ensure that blood is spilled on their wedding night sheets .
The social pressure is so great that some women have even taken their own lives .
Sonia wants to remain anonymous for fear of reprisal .
She is a slender young brunette studying at art college in Paris .
Although born in France , Arab culture and traditions are central to Sonia 's life .
Life was strict growing up under the watchful eyes of a large traditional Arab family .
Virginity certificates " I thought of suicide after my first sexual relationship , " she says , " because I could n't see any other solution . "
But Sonia did find a solution .
She eventually went to the Paris clinic of Dr Marc Abecassis to have surgery to restore her hymen .
She says she will never reveal her secret to anyone , especially her husband to be .
I believe we as doctors have no right to decide for her or judge her
Dr Abecassis " I consider this is my sex life and I do n't have to tell anyone about it , " she says .
It 's men that are obliging her to lie about it , she says .
Dr Abecassis performs a " hymenoplasty " as it's called , at least two to three times a week .
Re-connecting the tissue of the hymen takes about 30 minutes under local anaesthetic .
He says the average age of the patient is about 25 , and they come from all social backgrounds .
Although the surgery is performed in clinics around the world , Dr Abecassis is one of the few Arab surgeons who talks openly about it .
Some of the women come to him because they need virginity certificates in order to marry .
" She can be in danger because sometimes it 's a matter of traditions and family , " says Dr Abecassis .
" I believe we as doctors have no right to decide for her or judge her . "
With Chinese manufacturers leading the way , there are now non-surgical options on the market as well .
One website sells artificial hymens for just £ 20 ( 23 euros ) .
The Chinese hymen is made of elastic and filled with fake blood .
Once inserted in the vagina , the woman can simulate virginity , the company claims .
' Caught out '
But this was not an option for Nada .
As a young girl growing up in the Lebanese countryside she fell in love and lost her virginity .
" I was scared my family would find out especially since they did n't approve of my relationship , " she says .
" I was terrified they might kill me . "
After seven years in the relationship , her lover 's family wanted him to marry someone else .
Nada attempted suicide .
" I got a bottle of Panadol and a bottle of household chemicals , " she says .
" I drank them and said , ' That 's it ' . "
Even if society accepts such a thing , I would still refuse to marry her
Noor Nada is now 40 , and found out about surgical hymen restoration just six years ago .
She married and had two children .
Her wedding night was a stressful ordeal .
" I did n't sleep that night .
I was crying , " she says .
" I was very scared but he did n't suspect anything . "
It 's a secret that Nada - which is not her real name - will carry to her grave .
" I am ready to hide it until death , " she says .
" Only God will know about it . "
But it 's not only the older generation that subscribes to traditional views about sex before marriage , when it comes to choosing a wife .
Noor is a trendy professional who works in Damascus .
He 's fairly representative of young Syrian men in a secular society .
But although Noor says he believes in equality for women , underneath the liberal facade lies a deep - rooted conservatism .
" I know girls who went through this restoration and they were caught out on their wedding night by their husbands , " he says .
" They realised they were n't virgins .
Even if society accepts such a thing , I would still refuse to marry her . "
Muslim clerics are quick to point out that the virginity issue is not about religion .
" We should remember that when people wait for the virgin 's blood to be spilled on the sheet , these are all cultural traditions , " says Syrian cleric , Sheikh Mohamad Habash .
" This is not related to Shariah law . "
Christian communities in the Middle East are often just as firm in their belief that women should be virgins when they marry .
Arab writer and social commentator , Sana Al Khayat believes the whole issue has much to with the notion of " control " .
" If she 's a virgin , she does n't have any way of comparing [ her husband to other men ] .
If she 's been with other men , then she has experience .
Having experience makes women stronger . "
It may be the 21st Century but the issue of virginity in Arab culture can still be a matter of life and death , especially for women like Sonia and Nada .
And while hymen repair may be a quick fix , it can't reconcile centuries of ingrained tradition with the attitudes of modern society .
You can also listen to Crossing Continents on the BBC iPlayer or subscribe to the podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
R WE THERE YET ?
Coronavirus R rate ' drops to 1.1 ' as major study shows infections ' slowing '
DON'T PANIC Covid cases at peak were likely 100 k a day - way above now , says Vallance
ON THE BRINK
How bad is outbreak in the North East and are more areas heading for lockdown ?
DEFYING THE ODDS
Google boss , 33 , bedbound after ' broken arm ' turned out to be brain cancer
LONG HAULERS
Full list of 170 ' long - Covid ' symptoms - from hair loss to incontinence
RED ALERT
Map reveals the number of coronavirus cases in YOUR local area
GRIM REALITY
I dismissed ' pimple ' on shoulder but cancerous lump grew to size of my fist
' WE OWE HIM ' 1st person cured of HIV dies days after revealing terminal cancer diagnosis
CALLOUS KILLER
Student , 18 , one of youngest to die of bowel cancer after ' tummy upset '
Once again Google has updated their platform version chart , and this time OS Version 2.1 has something to celebrate .
If you have n’t been keeping track , Google has a chart that illustrates the breakdown of Android versions on devices currently in the wild .
This is done primarily so developers will know what version to develop for , but has also been used as ammunition for Android ’s detractors who like to bring up fragmentation as one of Android ’s biggest flaws .
Until April , the chart would go several months with out any new updates , but since the fragmentation argument started gaining ground , Google has switched to a more consistent update schedule , posting new results every few weeks .
While previous figures had Android 1.5 and 1.6 sharing the lead , the most recent numbers show 2.1 gaining significant ground , and for the first time ever it claimed a larger percentage than either 1.5 or 1.6 .
It will be interesting to see what , if any , tricks Froyo will have up its sleeve .
Google has previously stated that one of Froyo ’s primary goals would be to help stem fragmentation and bring all devices up to speed .
With the amount of time it took many of the device manufacturers and carriers to push the 2.1 update out , I ’m curious to see how they ’re planning to accomplish this .
While Google may partially be at fault for the fragmentation woes , it ’s clear that the real slow downs are occurring with the carriers and device manufacturers .
When companies like HTC and Sony skin Android so heavily that it requires deep hooks in the operating system ’s framework , that means additional time will have to be spent porting their skin to a new version of Android , which subsequently delays the carrier ’s evaluation of the software , and ultimately , when the updates will reach the customers .
We should know what , if any , remaining surprises Google has in store when they announce Froyo this week at the Google I /O conference .
I would n’t be surprised if they addressed the issue of fragmentation in greater detail as well .
Source : Platform Versions
Oracle is now charging $ 90 for the free Sun plug - in that teaches Microsoft Office how to use the latest open document format .
As noticed by The H , if you visit the home of the Sun ODF Plugin for Microsoft Office , there 's still a big red button that says you can " Get it Now .
Free . "
But if you actually click on that button , Oracle says you can't get it now unless you fork over $ 9,000 .
That 's $ 90 per user , with a minimum of 100 users .
Oracle is also offering support for the not - so - free plug - in .
That 'll cost you $ 19.80 per user for the first year - aka a minium of $ 1,980 - but you do n't have to pay this if you do n't feel like it .
You do have to pay the $ 9,000 .
The latest version of the Sun PDF Plugin teaches Microsoft Office how to read , edit , and save in ODF 1.2 , the version used by OpenOffice 3.2 .
Redmond introduced ODF with Microsoft Office 2007 Service Pack 2 , but the best it can do is ODF 1.0 .
The plug - in also plugs into Microsoft Office 2003 , XP , and Microsoft Office 2000 .
The plug - in was never open source .
It was just free .
So , Oracle is n't reversing an open source promise .
But it is charging $ 90 for a plug - in .
The Home and Student edition of Microsoft Office 2007 costs $ 149.95 , and the standard edition is $ 399.94 .
So , even if we 're kind , the cost of four plug -ins buys you the entire suite . ®
Does your poo look like this ?
The two visual warning signs of bowel cancer
BOWEL cancer is one of the most common types of cancer diagnosed in the UK .
Two visual clues of bowel cancer be spotted in your poo - have you spotted them ?
David Hoffman describes being handcuffed by police for displaying a poster deemed offensive by a neighbour WARNING : contains explicit language guardian.co.uk
A man who placed a poster of David Cameron containing the word " wanker " in his window has described how police handcuffed him in his home on election day , threatened him with arrest , and forcibly removed what they said was offensive campaign literature .
David Hoffman , 63 , said police went " completely over the top " when they visited his home in Bow , east London , and demanded he take down the poster , which had been fixed to his window for weeks .
After he expressed concern at his treatment , Hoffman says , a local inspector told him over the phone that " any reasonable person " would find his poster " alarming , harassing or distressful " .
The visit from police followed a complaint from a neighbour , who told Hoffman she found the poster offensive .
The word " wanker " was printed beneath a photograph of a smiling Cameron .
Hoffman said four officers knocked on his door on polling day .
When asked by them for identification , he said he tried to momentarily close the door .
The officers then forced the door open , he said .
" They burst into my house , pushed me back and handcuffed me .
They said I had committed an offence under section 5 of the Public Order Act , I was being detained , and I might be arrested . "
Coincidentally , Hoffman has become one of Britain 's most respected photojournalists after three decades chronicling alleged police brutality .
He said that after the officers looked up his identity , they " calmed down " .
But the poster , one of several images of party leaders produced by the veteran anarchist group Class War , was removed .
In a statement , the Metropolitan police denied officers forced their way into Hoffman 's home and claimed he was " restrained with handcuffs to prevent a breach of the peace " after becoming agitated .
It said that " words of advice were given to the resident … who removed the material " .
Hoffman said he would lodge a formal complaint .
He has since returned the poster to his window , but replaced the word " wanker " with " onanist " , derived from a biblical character in Genesis 38:9 whose seed was " spilled on the ground " .
I received a box today .
From Wales .
A month early for Arbitrary Day 2010 .
I have not been this excited in a very very long time .
If you think housing is out of the woods , lend me your ear for a second , and think about these numbers .
Last week , First American CoreLogic released a report of nationwide housing statistics .
It focuses on " negative equity , " or homeowners who owe more on their mortgage than their house is worth .
We refer to these folks as " underwater . "
Nationwide , 11.2 million , or 24 % of all mortgages , are now underwater .
That 's horrible -- but it is n't the scariest finding .
The report also details those who are really , really underwater .
For example , 10.4 % of all borrowers are underwater by 25 % or more .
That 's a total of 4.9 million homeowners , whose aggregate negative equity totaled $ 656 billion , or almost 5 % of GDP .
Now factor in last summer 's findings from a trio of economists who calculated homeowners ' propensity to walk away -- to just stop paying their mortgages -- as the level of negative equity rises .
They found that when a homeowner is $ 50,000 underwater , 9.38 % declare intentions to walk away .
At $ 100,000 , 25.81 % call it quits .
At $ 200,000 , the number grows to 41.23 % .
( Since the social acceptance of walking away has surely grown since last summer , it 's reasonable to think these numbers are now higher . )
Simple math from here : 4.9 million homeowners with $ 656 billion of negative equity gives us an average of $ 134,000 .
Thus , we should roughly expect something like 33 % of these homeowners , representing $ 215 billion of that negative equity , to eventually walk away .
That 's one - fifth of a trillion dollars of home loans that could vaporize before long .
Who 'll bear this burden ?
The three big private mortgage lenders -- Bank of America ( NYSE : BAC ) , Wells Fargo ( NYSE : WFC ) , and JPMorgan Chase ( NYSE : JPM ) -- are somewhat vulnerable , thanks to their acquisitions of nimrod lenders : Countrywide , Wachovia , and Washington Mutual , respectively .
But remember that the largest bearers of home mortgage risk are Fannie Mae ( NYSE : FNM ) , Freddie Mac ( NYSE : FRE ) , and the Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ) .
These three own or guarantee far more than half of all the mortgages in this country , and they 're backed by you , me , and every other taxpayer you know .
Last December , the administration agreed to cover an unlimited amount of losses at Fannie and Freddie for the next three years .
At this rate , they 'll need to .
3:31 PM May 26 , 2010
If you still have yet to check out Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars for iPhone™ / iPod® touch - you now have the chance to get behind the wheel of one of the most critically - acclaimed handheld titles of this generation for free , with the release of Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars Lite Featuring the first three missions from the full game , experience Liberty City 's criminal underground as Huang Lee , helping your uncle Wu " Kenny " Lee in his quest for revenge and power within the Triad Gangs of Liberty City .
Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars Lite is available now to download from the App Store and is compatible with iPhone and iPod touch Firmware 3.12 and above .
US general goes potty over gays in Dutch army
It seems that US general Sheehan is a declared opponent of revoking the US Army ’s “ Do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy , under which gays may serve in the army , but not acknowledge they ’re gay .
That ’s ... not fine , but it is as it is .
Yesterday , however , Sheehan went completely around the bend by linking the Bosnian muslim massacre in Srebrenica in 1995 to the fact that the Dutch army , which was supposed to protect them , had openly - serving gay members .
( Source : Political Animal )
In other words , if the lousy , liberal Dutch had n’t allowed filthy homosexuals to serve in their armed forces , the people from Srebrenica would have been spared .
This is not only breathtakingly false , it ’s also ridiculous .
When a representative asked him whether Dutch leaders blamed the massacres on the gays , Sheehan said , apparently “ They included that as part of the problem . ”
That ’s not only false , it ’s also insulting .
( Source : Washington Post blog )
Srebrenica made a deep impression on the Dutch , linked as massacres ( and genocide ) are to the not -very - brilliant performance of the Dutch under the nazi occupation , when the majority of the Dutch Jews were deported and murdered .
Srebrenica has been researched time and again , and the consensus is that the Dutch troops were too lightly armed , had too strict orders , and were abandoned by NATO supreme command when they asked for air support .
In the end they had no choice but to basically capitulate .
When the formal report was delivered in 2002 , the Kok II government resigned over it .
( This was mostly a stunt aimed at the elections that were less than two months away , but there was some genuine feeling involved , too . )
In any case , the absurd remarks of this American general were immediately denounced by just about everyone who has some link to the Dutch military .
First in line was defense minister Van Middelkoop ( CU ) , who called Sheehan ’s remarks “ scandalous , and unworthy of a military man . ”
It should be noted that Van Middelkoop ’s party , the CU , is not exactly pleased with the equality gays have conquered in Dutch society and deep in their hearts prefer to turn the clock back a bit .
Still , Van Middelkoop put the national interest and the army before his party , as he should .
Prime minister Balkenende , the military unions , and the gay emancipation organisation said similar things .
From left to right the country has united against this idiocy .
( Source : Volkskrant | Algemeen Dagblad | NRC )
It seems a practical joker even updated Sheehan ’s wikipedia page to say that he came out as a gay back in 1988 .
False of course , and meanwhile removed , but this is the sort of thing you can expect .
( Source : Nederlands Dagblad )
Apologies ought to be offered , but probably wo n’t be .
Such is life for a minor ally .
By the way , did you know the US army lost the Vietnam war because it had too few gays serving in its ranks ?
No , really !
Update : New factoid : Sheehan was one of the supreme commanders of NATO forces during Srebrenica .
That means he just wants to redistribute the blame for Srebrenica , and it makes him even more untrustworthy .
( Source : Volkskrant )
<— Party profile — PvdD | New Peil.nl poll —>
I think I finally found where Ottawa ’s rebel youth is going to smoke pot and to talk about overpowering the government — at least , I like to think that if there is such a place , that ’s where it is .
Phew .
I feel slightly relieved : at times , pretty Ottawa can seem a tad too polished and clean .
Not so far from Parliament hill , the Prince of Wales bridge is an old rail bridge that joins Ontario to Québec .
As rail transport eventually diminished during the 20th century , it was abandoned .
There are always talks of using it for a rail project that would connect to the existing O - Train but so far , the bridge remains unused .
I often drive on the Ottawa River Parkway and kept on noticing this old bridge .
Eventually , we decided to go have a look .
It is officially closed to the public but the door was open and frankly , I could n’t care less about “ danger ” signs when I want to take pictures .
Urban decay is something I find fascinating – blame my French artistic upbringing .
On top of having nice lines to use for photography , I love the colourful and somewhat witty graffiti on the pillars of the bridge .
This place had a soul .
You can see the whole Ottawa Spring set here .
It turns out the innocent calculator toilet humor of middle - school algebra was not that innocent after all .
For generations , bored math students have had a giggle at the upside down expense of " 5318008 " and now it appears that same humor has offended the gatekeepers of Apple 's app store .
Perphaps out of fear of turning into the next Google Voice in Apple 's eyes , the people behind the PCalc scientific calculator for the iPhone installed a profanity filter on the latest verion of the app that blocks out anything even mildly offensive .
Now instead of getting a smut word when you type “ 5318008 ″ and flip your iPhone upside down , you will get a great big " Censored ! " message bold enough to make even George Orwell shudder in his grave .
The company behind the censoring feature says because it takes its " responsibility to protect innocent minds very seriously " it plans to introduce the technology on more apps soon .
Math just got that much more boring .
Last week , I posted the 10 Worst Myths About Abortion .
Since I could n’t cover all of the many bad myths , here are the next 10 :
Myth 11 : Making abortion illegal will stop abortion .
Fact :
Of the approximately 42 million abortions that occur annually worldwide , almost half are unsafe and / or illegal .
Making abortion illegal will not stop women from having abortions ; it will only make abortions more dangerous .
Myth 12 : Abortion causes breast cancer .
Fact : A 2003 review of existing human and animal studies conducted by the U.S. National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) concluded that having an abortion or miscarriage does not increase a woman ’s subsequent risk of developing breast cancer .
Myth 13 : Pregnancy as a result of either rape or incest is extremely rare .
Fact :
The callousness of this statement always shocks me , and it ’s no consolation to the girl or woman who finds herself pregnant as a result of rape or incest .
If a rapist does not use protection ( and the victim is n’t using contraception ) , the chance of a pregnancy is the same as any instance of unprotected sex .
In the U.S. , it ’s estimated that 4.7 percent of rapes will result in pregnancy .
In addition , women who are repeatedly raped–such as victims of ongoing incest–are more likely to become pregnant .
Internationally , rape is often used as a weapon of war , with some militias setting up rape camps designed to impregnate women as a way of humiliating and stigmatizing them .
Myth 14 : Emergency contraception causes abortions .
Fact : Emergency contraception prevents ovulation and is not effective once the fertilized egg has been implanted on the uterine wall .
It will not cause an abortion but can prevent an unwanted pregnancy .
Myth 15 : Having an abortion can cause infertility .
Fact :
A safe , uncomplicated abortion should not affect a woman ’s ability to have children in the future .
Myth 16 .
Pro-choice activists promote abortion .
Fact : Pro-choice activists and organizations support comprehensive sex education , access to contraception , condom use and other means to reduce the number of unintended pregnancies .
Anti-choice activists and organizations are generally opposed to providing people with the means to control their reproductive lives .
Myth 17 .
Adoption is an alternative to abortion .
Fact :
The alternative to abortion is giving birth .
Adoption is an alternative to keeping and rearing a child .
Adoption should be about finding loving homes for children , not creating children to be adopted .
Furthermore , there are no guarantees that a child will be adopted .
In the U.S. alone , there are currently 114,000 children in foster care who are eligible for adoption .
Myth 18 .
More contraception leads to more unintended pregnancies and more abortion .
Fact : Belgium and the Netherlands , where contraception is widely used , have the world ’s lowest abortion rates .
The highest abortion rates are in countries with a limited number of contraceptive methods .
Myth 19 : It is impossible to be personally opposed to abortion and be pro-choice .
Fact : Pro-choice simply means that you believe abortion should be a choice for women .
Whether you would choose it for yourself is irrelevant .
Myth 20 : All religions believe abortion is a sin .
Fact :
Not all religions believe abortion is wrong .
In fact , the Episcopal Church , Presbyterian Church ( USA ) , United Church of Christ , United Methodist Church , Unitarian Universalist Association , Conservative and Reform Judaism believe the decision must be a woman’s .
I ’m sure there are still more myths out there ; let me know what I missed !
The noose is tightening , even though one could speculate the one doing the tightening ought to be on the other side of the rope as well .
That said , we sure miss the days when Dick Bove used to provide instacommentary on Wells and Goldman , typically of the buy every dip format .
That beard makes him look so wise and grizzled ...
That , or in dire need of grooming .
The Honorable Eric Holder
United States Attorney General
U.S. Department of Justice
950 Pennsylvania Avenue , N.W .
Washington , DC 20530-0001
Dear Attorney General Holder :
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) announced on Friday , April 16 , 2010 , that it had filed a securities fraud action against the Wall Street company Goldman Sachs & Co ( GS & Co. ) and one of its employees for making materially misleading statements and omissions in connection with a synthetic collateralized debt obligation ( “ CDO ” ) that GS & Co. structured and marketed to investors .
The SEC alleges that :
This synthetic CDO , ABACUS 2007 - AC1 , was tied to the performance of sub - prime residential mortgage - backed securities ( “ RMBS ” ) and was structured and marketed by GS & Co. in early 2007 when the United States housing market and related securities were beginning to show signs of distress .
Synthetic CDOs like ABACUS 2007 - AC1 contributed to the recent financial crisis by magnifying losses associated with the downturn in the United States housing market .
GS & Co. marketing materials for ABACUS 2007 - AC1 – including the term sheet , flip book and offering memorandum for the CDO – all represented that the reference portfolio of RMBS underlying the CDO was selected by ACA Management with experience analyzing credit risk in RMBS .
Undisclosed in the marketing materials and unbeknownst to investors , a large hedge fund , Paulson & Co. Inc. ( “ Paulson ” ) , with economic interests directly adverse to investors in the ABACUS 2007 - AC1 CDO , played a significant role in the portfolio selection process .
After participating in the selection of the reference portfolio , Paulson effectively shorted the RMBS portfolio it helped select by entering into credit default swaps ( “ CDS ” ) with GS & Co. to buy protection on specific layers of the ABACUS 2007 - AC1 capital structure .
In sum , GS & Co. arranged a transaction at Paulson ’s request in which Paulson heavily influenced the selection of the portfolio to suit its economic interests , but failed to disclose to investors , as part of the description of the portfolio selection process contained in the marketing materials used to promote the transaction , Paulson ’s role in the portfolio selection process or its adverse economic interests .
As the SEC notes , financial manipulations such as this contributed to the near collapse of the U.S. financial system and cost American taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars .
On the face of the SEC filing , criminal fraud on a historic scale seems to have occurred in this instance .
As an ever growing mountain of evidence reveals , this case is neither unique nor isolated .
If both global and domestic confidence in the integrity of the U.S. financial system is to be regained , there must be confidence that criminal acts will be vigorously pursued and perpetrators punished .
While the SEC lacks the authority to act beyond civil actions , the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) has the power to file criminal actions against those who commit financial fraud .
We ask assurance from you that the U.S. Department of Justice is closely looking at this case and similar cases to further investigate and prosecute the criminals involved in this , and other financially fraudulent acts .
Furthermore , if the DOJ is not currently looking into this particular case , we respectfully ask you to ensure that the U.S. Department of Justice immediately open a case on this matter and investigate it with the full authority and power that your agency holds .
The American people both demand and deserve justice in the matter of Wall Street banks whom the American taxpayers bailed out , only to see unemployment and housing foreclosures rise .
This matter is of deep importance to us .
As you may know , H.R. 3995 , the Financial Crisis of 2008 Criminal Investigation and Prosecution Act , has been introduced , which authorizes you to hire more prosecutors , Director Mueller of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to hire 1,000 more agent as well as additional forensic experts , and Chair Mary Shapiro of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to hire more investigators to continue to pursue justice and route out the criminals in our financial system .
Part of financial regulatory reform should include removing the criminals and crafting a system that supports those who follow the law .
We in Congress stand ready to support you in protecting the American taxpayers from financial crimes such as the fraud that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has charged Goldman Sachs with committing .
We ask that you take up this case , and others , to pursue justice for the American people , to put criminals in jail , and seek to restore the integrity of our nation ’s financial system .
Sincerely ,
Rep. Kaptur OH_09 ( Letter leader )
Rep. Burgess , TX_26 ( Republican )
Rep. Stupak , MI_01 ( Conservative Democrat )
Rep. Melancon , LA_03 ( Conservative Democrat )
Rep. Barrow , GA_12 ( Conservative Democrat )
Rep. Grijalva , AZ_07 ( Progressive Caucus Chair )
Rep . Braley , IA_01 ( Populist Caucus Chair )
Rep. Schauer , MI_07 ( " Frontline " House Freshman )
Rep. Perriello , VA_05 ( " Frontline " House Freshman )
Rep. Markey , CO_04 ( " Frontline " House Freshman )
Rep . Heinrich , NM_01 ( " Frontline " House Freshman )
Rep. Conyers , MI_14 ( Judiciary Chair )
Rep. Baldwin , WI_02
Rep. Barrow , GA_12
Rep. Bennie Thompson ,
Rep. Betsy Markey , CO_04
Rep . Boswell , IA_03
Rep. Capuano , MA_08
Rep. Carney , PA_10
Rep. Chandler , KY_06
Rep. Clay , MO_01
Rep. Cohen , TN_09
Rep. Danny K. Davis , IL_07
Rep. DeFazio , OR_04
Rep. Donna Edwards , MD_04
Rep. Doyle , PA_14
Rep. Ellison , MN_05
Rep. Filner , CA_51
Rep . Fudge , OH_11
Rep. Gene Taylor , MS_04
Rep. Grayson , FL_08
Rep. Grijalva , AZ_07
Rep .
Hinchey , NY_22
Rep. Hirono , HI_02
Rep . Holt , NJ_12
Rep. Honda , CA_15
Rep. Inslee , WA_01
Rep. Jackson - Lee , TX_18
Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. , IL_02
Rep. Kildee , MI_05
Rep. Kilpatrick , MI_13
Rep. Kirkpatrick , AZ_01
Rep. Kucinich , OH_10
Rep. Lee , CA_09
Rep. Loebsack , IA_02
Rep. Loretta Sanchez ,
Rep. McDermott , WA_07
Rep. McGovern , MA_03
Rep. Melancon , LA_03
Rep. Michaud , ME_02
Rep. Moran , VA_08
Rep. Napolitano , CA_38
Del. Holmes Norton , DC
Rep. Pallone , NJ_06
Rep. Pascrell , NJ_08
Rep. Pingree , ME_01
Rep. Richardson , CA_37
Rep. Salazar , CA_03
Rep . Schakowsky , IL_09
Rep. Shea-Porter , NH_01
Rep. Speier , CA_12
Rep. Stark , CA_13
Rep. Sutton , OH_13
Rep . Thompson , MI_02
Rep. Tsongas , MA_05
Rep. Watson , CA_33
Rep . Welch , VT
I ’m sure you ’ve seen Iron Man and War - Machine cosplay before , but I ’m pretty sure you ’ve never seen anything like this before .
We ’ve seen some work of Iron Man fan , Anthony Le , in the past , I ’ve even posted another War - Machine costume he made a while ago , but his latest masterpiece is simply too awesome for words .
This talented costume creator built his first version of the War - Machine costume , before any footage from the first Iron Man movie came out , and he only used comics for inspiration .
But Anthony has come a long way , since his first costume , and is now sporting a kick - ass replica of the War - Machine costume worn by Jim Rhodes , in Iron Man 2 .
For the armor he used thin , high - impact urethane plates , joined together by around 1,500 rivets and washers , the helmet was sculpted from clay and enforced with a special resin mix , and the mounted shoulder gun was made from pipes and an old engine .
LEDs in the eyes and armor , and a small servo-motor that lifts the faceplate make this War - Machine costume even more real .
As you can imagine , Anthony Le is a big hit at conventions , and he ’s now working on other awesome costumes , for himself and clients .
Chapeau !
Check out more awesome photos and a video , below .
Photos via Anthony Le
As long as there have been siblings , younger brothers have told their elders :
Anything you can do , I can do better .
In Major League Baseball , though , that 's just not true .
A recent paper published in the Personality and Social Psychology Review found that younger brothers attempt to steal more bases than their elders .
The paper , by Frank Sulloway of the University of California , Berkeley , and Richard Zweigenhaft of Guilford College , asserts that younger siblings are prone to engage in more risk - taking than their elders .
...
​ Never - before seen journals found recently at a garage sale outside Buffalo , N.Y. , chronicle the life of Lyster Dewey , who tended a United States government hemp farm in the 19th and 20th centuries .
The Washington Post .
Dewey , a botanist at the U.S. Department of Agriculture , wrote in detail about growing strains of hemp called Keijo , Chinamington and others on a tract of government land known as Arlington Farm , reports Manuel Roig - Franzia of the
If the “ Arlington ” part of that name sounds familiar — as in Arlington National Cemetery — that ’s because the acreage used to grow the hemp was handed over to the War Department in the 1940s for construction of the world ’s largest office building : the Pentagon .
So in addition to the already - known intertwining of the noble hemp plant and U.S. history , now it is revealed that the very location of the Pentagon itself was once covered with verdant fields of cannabis .
The Hemp Industries Association , a small trade group , bought Dewey ’s diaries .
Leaders of the group are betting that displaying them for the first time on Monday will help increase public knowledge that hemp was used for ropes on Navy ships and World War II parachute webbing .
​ The ultimate goal is to encourage the U.S. government to lift its decades - old ban on commercial hemp production .
Fascinating photos were discovered along with the Dewey ’s diaries .
In one photo , the botanist stands proudly next to a field of 13 - foot - tall hemp plants , with the caption : “ Measuring a hemp plant 4 m. high .
Arlington Farm , Aug. 28 , 1929 . ”
The genesis of the diaries ’ discovery was last summer at a yard sale in Amherst , N.Y. , 15 minutes outside Buffalo , where a history buff named David Sitarski was looking for artifacts .
Sitarski paid $ 130 for the diaries and one of two photo albums , thinking they pertained to the history of Buffalo .
He said he would have bought the second album , but another man got it before he did .
Six months later , according to Sitarski , his wife spotted their yard - sale rival while running errands .
Sitarski jumped out of the car and talked the man into selling the photo album to him complete his set .
The seller casually mentioned that there were hemp pictures included .
Starting to realize the historical value of his find , but still not realizing the Pentagon connection , Sitarski listed the material on eBay , asking $ 10,000 .
Enter Michael Krawitz , a 47 - year - old disabled veteran from Ferrum , Va. , who has for a decade been planning a hemp museum .
Krawitz noticed Sitarski ’s listing but could n’t afford it — but the Hemp Industries Association could , with the help of benefactor David Bronner , president of Dr. Bronner ’s Magic Soaps .
The company has grown from a $ 5 million outfit to a $ 31 million company in the past decade since adding hemp oil to its products to produce a smoother lather .
Bronner , who was arrested in October after planting hemp seeds on the lawn at DEA headquarters , eventually negotiated a buying price of $ 4,000 for the historical treasure trove .
“ It ’s kind of ironic that we dug up DEA ’s lawn to plant hemp seeds and highlight the absurdity of the Drug War , but you take it back 50 years and that ’s what the government itself was doing , ” Bronner said from the Southern California headquarters of Dr. Bronner’s .
Alabama goes to the polls !
O.K. , not an opening likely to maintain reader interest .
Let ’s start again , with the words of Dale Peterson , candidate for agriculture commissioner in Tuesday ’s Republican primary :
“ Listen up !
Alabama ag commissioner is one of the most powerful positions in Alabama .
Responsible for five billion dollars .
Bet you did n’t know that .
You know why ?
Thugs and criminals ! ”
This is the start of Peterson ’s campaign ad .
He rides into the screen on a horse that looks increasingly worried as things progress .
Brandishing a rifle , the 64 - year - old farmer barks at the camera about his opponent ( “ a dummy ” ) , somebody stealing his yard signs and immigrants being “ bused in by the thousands . ”
The overall effect is like being cornered at a party by an eccentric neighbor who thinks the garbage man is spying on him for the federal government .
It ’s extremely popular .
There is quite a lot of this sort of thing going on this campaign season .
You raise enough cash to film an outrageous ad .
Then you post it on the Web and pray that it goes viral , gets mentioned on the cable talk shows and draws in enough donations to put the thing on TV .
The trend goes back to Demon Sheep , the legendary ad for Carly Fiorina ’s campaign for the Senate nomination in California .
It had regular sheep and then cartoon sheep and then a guy crawling around the ground disguised as a wolf in sheep ’s clothing .
He had on a cardboard mask with red light bulbs for eyes .
I believe the message was supposed to be fiscal responsibility , but really , all you got was Demon Sheep .
Red eyes .
Carly Fiorina .
Breakthrough in fight against fatal Ebola as new drug saves 100 % of monkeys tested
A gene silencing approach can save monkeys from high doses of the most lethal strain of Ebola virus in what researchers call the most viable route yet to treating the deadly and frightening infection .
They used small interfering RNAs or siRNAs , a new technology being developed by a number of companies , to hold the virus at bay for a week until the immune system could take over .
Tests in four rhesus monkeys showed that seven daily injections cured 100 per cent of them .
U.S. government researchers and a small Canadian biotech company , Tekmira Pharmaceuticals , worked together to develop the new approach , described in the Lancet medical journal on Thursday .
Deadly : A government hospital in Uganda quarantined to handle an outbreak in Ebola cases
' The delivery system is the real key , ' said Thomas Geisbert of Boston University School of Medicine , who did some of the work while at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases in Fort Detrick , Maryland .
Ebola viruses are a family of viruses that can often cause very serious hemorrhagic fevers .
They have caused dozens of frightening and deadly outbreaks across Africa and threaten endangered gorilla populations as well as people .
There is no treatment and no vaccine against Ebola , which passes via close personal contact .
The siRNAs are stretches of genetic material that can block the action of a specific gene .
This particular one attaches to three different areas on the Ebola virus , preventing it from replicating .
Geisbert 's team worked with a strain called Zaire that comes from the Democratic Republic of Congo and kills up to 90 per cent of those infected .
' We have just had very difficult times developing treatments - antivirals or just any kind of a strategy , ' Geisbert said .
' It 's been a very tough nut to crack . '
The team has announced a number of near - successes , most recently a vaccine that provided partial protection in monkeys in 2006 .
Geisbert then teamed - up with Ian MacLachlan at Tekmira .
Serious infection :
The Ebola virus viewed under a microscope
Tests in guinea pigs suggested the siRNAs delivered in lipid particles would work .
But to get Ebola to sicken rodents requires changing it substantially from the strain that attacks people and monkeys , Geisbert said .
The treatment holds the virus in check while the immune system gears up to fight it , Geisbert said .
' There is a critical threshold for virus load and if you go over that , you die , ' he said .
' This drug is knocking down enough of the virus so it tips the balance . '
Now the company and researchers are seeking U.S. federal funding to continue their work , Geisbert said .
For new drugs to treat lethal infections , the Food and Drug Administration requires proof that the treatment does not hurt people and is effective in at least two animal species .
Tekmira has deals with a number of pharmaceutical companies , including Bristol - Myers Squibb and Pfizer .
Last week a team at the National Institutes of Health reported it had developed a vaccine that protects monkeys against several strains of Ebola .
Ever been to Twitter .
co.uk by mistake ?
You 're one of about 3,000 people who do exactly that every day - and that might not be a problem for Twitter if it actually owned the domain twitter .co.uk .
Instead , it is owned by software developer Steve Crawford , who bought it in 2005 - before Twitter was even a twinkle in Jack Dorsey 's eye .
Crawford says he wanted to use the site for an accessibility software project - ' Talking Wordprocessor , Internet , Typing Tutor , Email Resources ' - that later dried up , but since Twitter 's massive growth post - Christmas boom he has seen traffic soar , along with a rather tedious admin problem .
The address ' Twitter.co.uk ' is n't owned by Twitter
He says Twitter is effectively spamming him , albeit in a roundabout way .
When new users register with Twitter they have to enter an email address , but Twitter does n't ask users to confirm the address .
For some bizarre reason , some people are using addresses @twitter .co.uk , which means Crawford keeps getting email from Twitter when any of those ' users ' ( either confused new users , or spam accounts ) gets a new follower , or any other email update from Twitter .
He 's already had more than a hundred emails and gets a visitor every 24 seconds .
" As I understand it , they are breaking both UK and US anti-spam laws , " Crawford writes on Twitter .co.uk .
" I have contacted Twitter.com to try to resolve the problem but they have not responded to any of my emails .
Let 's be clear - I am blaming Twitter.com for allowing this to happen , not the individuals who have mistakenly typed in the wrong email address .
Twitter.com are sending out the emails , they are responsible for the content of them and it is only Twitter.com who can fix the problem . "
Crawford would click on the ' forgot password ' option in the emails to change each user 's settings and stop the emails , but is n't prepared to do that .
Instead , he has detailed the problem on Twitter .
co.uk and is pimping the site to advertisers in return for a donation to charity , which is a very noble way of exploiting a relatively high - accidental - traffic domain .
" I do n't care much for all these advertising sites , " Crawford told MediaGuardian .
" I want Twitter to take me seriously but the first thing is just for them to acknowledge my existence .
I want them to change the system - the email thing is bizarre .
A huge bug .
I can't believe no - one has picked up on it yet . "
He also pointed out that Twitter is getting to the stage where it needs regional versions for different audiences .
What can Twitter do ?
Introduce email verification for one , answer Crawford 's emails for another and - let 's be honest - make him a decent offer for the domain .
A note on the site say he does n't want to sell , but maybe he 's never seen the colour of Silicon Valley money before ?
Come on Twitter - pull your finger out .
The two most important compromises I know about are :
type erasure ( " reflecting on Type " ) :
It has to manage a Manifest to get around the Java compilation ( independent of the JVM , for backward compatibility reason ) .
collection of primitive type : e.g. : arrays new scheme of handling arrays in Scala 2.8 .
Instead of boxing / unboxing and other compiler magic the scheme relies on implicit conversions and manifests to integrate arrays
Those are the two main JVM limitations , when it comes to manage generic type ( with bounds ) :
The Java JVM does not keep the exact type use in a generic object , and it has " primitive " types .
But you could also consider :
Conan O’Brien was back on his former stomping grounds at Universal Studios Saturday night , bringing his Legally Prohibited to be Funny on TV tour to the Gibson Amphitheatre , some 400 yards from his old Tonight Show stage .
“ This is my first time back at Universal Studios since I lost my job , ” O’Brien told the crowd , igniting a wave of boos directed toward NBC .
“ Do n’t boo too loudly .
If you listen very carefully , you can hear bad ideas being greenlit . ”
It is not clear yet where O’Brien ’s new talk show for TBS , announced as the comedian was kicking off his tour two weeks ago , will be housed .
One possibility is TBS ’ sibling studio Warner Bros TV where O’Brien ’s company now will be based , along with Sunset Gower and even the vacant stage for NBC ’s Tonight Show with Conan O’Brien built for $ 50 M .
There are ramblings on the Warners lot that Stage 16 there is being eyed for Conan .
Among the surprises in the Los Angeles show , Aziz Ansari , Jonah Hill , Jon Hamm and Jack MacBrayer took turns pulling the handle on the Walker , Texas Ranger lever .
“ I ’m just glad I ’m not one of the guys who works for NBC pulling the handle , ” Mad Men star Hamm quipped , a reference to Parks & Recreation co-star Ansari and 30 Rock ’s MacBrayer .
Jim Carrey as Superman joined O’Brien on stage for a duet of Five for Fighting ’s Superman ( It ’s Not Easy ) .
Before the show , WME , which reps O’Brien , threw a bash for the comedian who made an appearance just before hitting the stage .
O’Brien will be back at the Gibson Amphitheatre tonight before heading to San Diego .
In addition to the gig at the Gibson , O’Brien also will perform at Radio City Music Hall in New York , which is just a stone ’s throw away from the NBC ’s headquarters and his old Late Night stage .
Sources tell me the proximity to NBC was not the driving factor in the venue selection for Los Angeles and New York but O’Brien must be enjoying the irony .
With additional reporting from inside the Gibson by MTV.com .
PREVIOUS : Conan O’Brien Talks NBC , TBS On Tour
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has cancelled a planned trip to Washington on Tuesday and will return home to Israel from Canada today to deal with the diplomatic fallout in the wake of Israeli commandos killing ten people on ships bringing aid to Gaza .
" Netanyahu decided to cut short his visit to Canada and return to Israel early , " a statement from the Israeli government said , reported by Reuters .
The White House said President Barack Obama had a 15 - minute phone call with Netanyahu this morning in which he expressed understanding for Netanyahu 's decision to return to Israel immediately .
“ This morning between 10 and 10:15 a.m. CDT , the president spoke by phone with Prime Minister Netanyahu " the White House said in a statement Monday .
" He said he understood the prime minister 's decision to return immediately to Israel to deal with today 's events . "
" They agreed to reschedule their meeting at the first opportunity , " the White House said .
" The president expressed deep regret at the loss of life in today 's incident , and concern for the wounded , many of whom are being treated in Israeli hospitals .
The president also expressed the importance of learning all the facts and circumstances around this morning 's tragic events as soon as possible . ”
Earlier , the Obama administration said it deeply regretted the loss of life .
Israel said the commandos were attacked when they stormed the ships and that activists tried to bring down the Israeli commandos ' helicopter .
Countries around the world expressed shock and outrage at the bloodshed .
Turkey has recalled its ambassador to Israel and protesters stormed the Israeli consulate in Istanbul .
Greece has cancelled planned military exercises with Israel , France and Germany have expressed profound shock at the loss of life , and the Palestinian Authority declared a day of mourning .
The European Union called for an inquiry into the incident .
The UN Security Council has called an emergency session at 1 pm Monday to discuss the incident , Reuters reports .
The aid ships were being pulled into the Israeli port of Ashdod , and the 750 activists would be permitted to return to their home countries or would be detained , reports said .
Meantime , Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu is to meet Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Washington on Tuesday .
The previously planned meeting was intended to focus largely on Iran and an Iran nuclear fuel swap proposal that Turkey and Brazil helped negotiate this month .
The U.S. hopes to get a new U.N. Security Council resolution sanctioning Iran passed as early as this week .
But with the Gaza aid ships and many of the activists aboard coming from Turkey , the meeting is now certain to be consumed as well by the latest crisis to fracture Israeli - Turkish relations , which were once strong but which have steadily deteriorated since Israel 's 2008 military campaign against Hamas in Gaza .
Washington has in recent weeks been aggressively moving to improve relations with the Israeli government and Jewish groups and to get traction for Israeli - Palestinian peace talks .
U.S. - mediated Israeli-Palestinian proximity talks got under way earlier this month , and the Obama administration has been expressing hopes that it could transform them into direct negotiations in the coming weeks .
But the Gaza flotilla crisis is certain to set back those efforts and reduce the Palestinian leadership 's flexibility to enter direct talks .
The Obama administration can only be stunned at the latest turn of events .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas had been due to meet Obama at the White House on June 9 , but it 's not clear whether his trip will also be postponed given the circumstances .
" This is a perfect storm of disaster , " said veteran American diplomat Aaron David Miller .
" Overnight , the Israelis have boosted Hamas 's stock ; accelerated the international community 's efforts to pressure and islolate Israel ; undermined Abbas , prompted a crisis with the Turks .
In fact , the least damage in all of this was probably done to the emerging effort to reset the U.S. - Israeli relationship . "
Miller suggested that while the Obama administration is seeking to improve relations with the Netanyahu governent , that it " might try to use Gaza [ flotilla episode ] as leverage to get the Israelis to relax the economic pressure " on Gaza .
comments closed
permalink
It was a Facebook campaign meant to make a stand for free speech .
But in Pakistan , a contest encouraging users of the social - networking site to submit caricatures of the prophet Muhammad has been viewed as blasphemous , prompting a court - ordered nationwide ban on the website Wednesday .
A court in Lahore , Pakistan ’s second - largest city , ordered the government to ensure that the country ’s Internet service providers were blocking access to Facebook , the world ’s most popular social - networking website .
In the capital , Islamabad , the site was shut down as of early Wednesday evening .
The ruling was triggered by a campaign on Facebook asking users to post images of Islam ’s founder on a page called “ Everybody Draw Muhammad Day ! ”
The campaign was aimed at expressing solidarity with the creators of the Comedy Central television show “ South Park , ” which recently drew the ire of a radical Muslim group for depicting Muhammad in a bear suit during an episode earlier this year .
Afterward , a New York - based website called RevolutionMuslim.com warned South Park ’s creators , Trey Parker and Matt Stone , that “ what they are doing is stupid , and they will probably wind up like Theo Van Gogh . ”
Van Gogh was a Dutch filmmaker murdered in 2004 in Amsterdam after he produced a film about the abuse of women in some Islamic societies .
In the film , verses from the Koran are projected onto the shrouded bodies of women .
Facebook users were supposed to submit their images Thursday .
On Wednesday , a group of Pakistani lawyers asked the Lahore high court to shut down Facebook in Pakistan , arguing that the contest amounted to blasphemy .
The court ordered the site blocked until May 31 , when the panel would again take up the case .
Although there are no statistics that quantify the number of users in Pakistan , Facebook has become immensely popular in the country , which has a vibrant blogging community that sinks its teeth into a variety of topics , including politics and the arts as well as the latest fashion trends .
Efforts such as Facebook ’s “ Draw Muhammad ” campaign , however , “ hurt us very badly , very seriously , ” said Pakistani Information Technology Secretary Najibullah Malik .
“ They should have regard for sentiments of Muslims , and they should not repeat such displays , ” Malik said on Pakistani television .
“ They should know that if they are going to do such activities , certainly their business will suffer . ”
The Facebook shutdown in Pakistan was just the latest in a series of controversies around the world involving clashes between those advocating free speech and the those espousing the tenets of Islam , which prohibit the depiction of Muhammad .
In 2005 , a Danish newspaper published cartoons of Muhammad that were condemned throughout much of the Muslim world as blasphemous and derogatory .
Earlier this year , the Pakistani American David Coleman Headley pleaded guilty to planning an attack on the Copenhagen offices of Jyllands - Posten , the newspaper that published the cartoons .
Headley never carried out the attack .
Swedish cartoonist Lars Vilks received several death threats after publishing an image of Muhammad as a dog in 2007 .
At an appearance at Sweden ’s Uppsala University earlier this month , several audience members tried to attack Vilks as he lectured .
Two people were arrested .
alex.rodriguez@latimes.com
VG247 has learnt that Sony is to reveal plans for PSN ’s premium services at E3 .
According to a highly - placed source , Sony will announce a large - scale monetizing scheme for PSN at the LA show , but we ’re assured nothing planned will impact the service ’s current free aspects .
A string of features will be revealed , apparently costing “ less than £ 50 per year ” .
Sony will confirm plans to give all subscribers one free PSN game per month , from a choice of “ two to four ” every month .
“ If you work it out , PSN games cost an average of £ 6 - 9 each , so over a year you ’re basically going to be breaking even , ” said our source .
A streaming music application similar to Spotify will be announced in Sony ’s press conference on June 15 .
It ’s thought that this can run in the background while playing games .
Rumours that cross - game voice chat is being saved as a paid feature are apparently not true , we were told .
Subscribe to the VG247 newsletter
Get all the best bits of VG247 delivered to your inbox every Friday !
Enable JavaScript to sign up to our newsletter
“ I can tell you now , 100 percent , that that ’s not the case , ” our man continued .
“ There ’s nothing in the premium package which will gimp regular PSN users . ”
The PSN premium services announcement is thought to be a major part of Sony ’s E3 conference , which will also heavily feature Move .
It ’s thought that a PSP2 announcement , for this reason , is unlikely , and will be saved for either gamescom or TGS later this year .
Get more detail on that here .
I decided to spend a little more time on graphics this time around .
Here 's the result .
Windows ( .zip version available )
Mac OSX ( 10.5 or higher )
Linux ( read notes below )
A few major things to be aware of .
First , this game makes more extensive use of your video card than any I 've written before .
As such , if you 've got old hardware or bad video drivers , you may have trouble running it .
Sorry !
It should tell you if anything goes wrong .
I did fix a bug causing it to crash if you had no audio output , so that might make a few of you happy .
Second , I now support OSX 10.5 .
At least , I think I do .
Let me know if there 's problems .
Third , I now support Linux .
At least , I think I do .
There will be problems .
I know for a fact that it does not natively run on any 64 - bit Linux distribution .
I 've heard there 's a way to fix this , but I do n't know what it is yet ( besides " make a 64 - bit build " which wo n't be happening for a while . )
The sound layer also seems to be a bit flaky – there is sound , but you might not get any .
I may be rewriting the sound layer in the near future .
I 'm also hoping to add .deb and .rpm packages in the future .
It 's been tested successfully on Ubuntu 10.04 , Ubuntu 8.04 , Kubuntu 10.04 , Fedora 12 , and Debian 5.0.4 .
Success , in this context , means " it either ran properly , or complained about a lack of video card capabilities . "
It 's been tested unsuccessfully on Ubuntu 64 10.04 .
It 's also crashed on a friend 's system running Debian 6.0 test .
Why ?
Could n't really say !
I 'd absolutely love any data points or debugging assistance you can provide .
Obviously , I have n't said much about the game .
That 's because you should be playing the game and not listening to me ramble about it .
Ignoring his aching back , Todd Lininger squatted down on his knees and inched his way around the vegetable field .
The yields were up on three arugula plants .
A snail crawled in the row of lettuce .
And it looked like the onions might be ready for that night ’s dinner .
All in all , not a bad harvest — considering that these crops were growing in a Lilliputian backyard plot in a Claremont cul - de-sac .
Lininger calls himself a farmer , though he does n’t ride a John Deere and never sees a sun set over the fields .
Instead , he tends a succession of peewee suburban plots as if they were the sprawling ranches of the Central Valley .
“ The sign of success used to be who had the best lawn , ” said Lininger , 41 , as he pinched the dead leaves off the plot ’s lone beet .
“ Now , it ’s all about how much food you can grow . ”
Homeowners who want fresh cucumbers and heirloom tomatoes but do n’t have time to grow their own hire Lininger ’s company , Farmscape , to do the work for them .
But do n’t call him a gardener :
It ’s more like farming by the foot .
And the 6 - foot - 4 ex-Marine , skinny as a snap bean , says he can barely keep up with demand .
There ’s a mini - boom in such mini farms .
Scores of businesses like Farmscape are sprouting up nationwide , from My Backyard Farm in San Clemente to Your Backyard Farmer in Portland , Ore. , and Freelance Farmers in New Haven , Conn .
Many of these small businesses have emerged because of the country ’s sluggish economy , as people who hunt for work are marketing themselves as urban farmers and catering to a clientele hungry for a cornucopia without the sweat .
Some of these microfarmers were landscapers looking to expand , said Lisa Munniksma , managing editor of Urban Farm magazine .
Others were fledgling entrepreneurs seeking a niche in the green economy .
On average , the companies charge between $ 900 and $ 2,000 to have a section of land dug up — or to build a raised bed — that ’s big enough to grow enough edible plants to feed a family of four .
The companies also offer personalized planting and harvesting services .
For an additional weekly fee of $ 20 or more , a staff member will put in the plants , pluck the weeds , amend the soil , quash the bugs and fill a basket with ripened produce .
Yet the price tag has n’t cooled consumer appetites .
Batya Kagan , who launched Your Backyard Bounty about a year ago , has found herself spending as much time nurturing customers ’ squash and radicchio as she does at her own modest vegetable farm in Santa Cruz County .
The two - person staff at Your Backyard Farmer is so overwhelmed with maintaining their 67 mini-fields , they ’re turning people away .
Co-founder Donna Smith started a waiting list earlier this month for those willing to spend at least $ 1,675 a year to turn 400 square feet into rows of butternut squash , bok choy or kale .
So far , 15 people have clamored to get on the list .
Kae Yates , 65 , said Lininger ’s fee to plant four garden plots at her Claremont home — $ 2,400 — was well worth it .
“ I do n’t have the time or the physical ability to do this myself , ” she said .
“ They do all the labor and I get to reap all the rewards . ”
Along with fresh produce , those rewards can include the bragging rights that come with having the latest eco-conscious status symbol : a farmer to call your own .
“ The reality is , in most cases , you can go to Safeway or Whole Foods and buy organic produce for less , ” said Jeremy Oldfield , 27 , co-founder of Freelance Farmers .
“ So we focus on the intangibles of this : the joy of picking a tomato in the afternoon that ’s still warm from the sun , or having a dinner party and being able to point out to your guests that most of the meal came out of your backyard . ”
Interest in backyard produce blossomed along with the recession , which spurred many people to try their hand at planting vegetables .
Home Depot saw its vegetable seed sales jump 30 % last year and continued to have double - digit growth in January .
George Ball , chief executive of W. Atlee Burpee & Co. , North America ’s largest home garden company , said that for the last few years the company has been selling more vegetable seeds and plants than flowers — for the first time in its 130 - year history .
But rookie mistakes leave some people wanting to hand off their trowels .
Sian Seligman , the daughter of a landscape architect , grew up surrounded by gardening supplies and horticulture .
The 35 - year - old figured she ’d be a natural with plants .
She was wrong .
Her sprouts died .
Too much fertilizer burned some of the herbs .
Her carrots came out stubby and misshapen because the bedrock beneath her Eagle Rock home sat just a few inches below the soil surface .
When health issues this spring restricted her ability to lift heavy objects , Seligman and her husband sought help from Farmscape .
The company was formed in 2008 .
At the time , Lininger was working on a master ’s degree in environmental sustainability at Cal Poly Pomona and volunteering with a local community organization that helped people replace their lawns with edible gardens .
Neighbors and friends routinely peppered him with pleas for help on their gardens .
Sensing an opportunity , Lininger went to the city of Claremont to apply for a license to start an urban farming business .
He ran into a trio of twentysomethings , all friends from school , who had relocated to California with dreams of starting up an environmental business .
A college pal who ran a small hedge fund gave them $ 10,000 in seed money .
The four joined forces and started wooing customers .
Their first client : a cancer patient who wanted to control what she ate while undergoing chemotherapy .
“ I took a pay cut from serving food at a restaurant to do this , ” said Jesse Dubois , 25 , one of the founders .
“ Every time a car broke down , we coped and carpooled . ”
Word of their work spread at farmers markets , where Farmscape customers raved about the ruby hue of their watermelons , the lush tartness of their rhubarb and the peppery bite of their arugula .
Soon , they gained a strong following .
Today the company has offices in Claremont , Pasadena and Los Angeles ’ Westside , and has expanded its staff to eight .
Revenue is small but growing : Farmscape pulled in about $ 54,000 for the first four months of this year — $ 22,000 more than last year .
Most of the money is being plowed back into Farmscape , Dubois said , to expand the network of 60 mini-farms they ’ve built in Southern California .
One of them sits outside the Seligmans ’ front door .
Last month , Sian and her husband ordered a 4 - foot - by - 8 - foot raised bed .
The bill : About $ 900 .
“ Compared to how much we spend at the grocery store and farmers markets on produce , it ’s not that bad , ” Seligman reasoned .
Still , she ’s not telling her mom .
“ I do n’t think she ’d understand , ” she said .
p.j.huffstutter@latimes.com
She ’s a million - dollar baby .
Pretty and sophisticated self - made mini-mogul Fatima Ptacek is n’t allowed to know how much money she banks — even though she ’s built a hefty nest egg at the ripe old age of 9 .
The daughter of a retired New York City detective and a former accountant who live in Queens , Fatima is one of the city ’s hottest , highest - paid child models , raking in almost a quarter of a million dollars a year since she was 5 .
Discovered in 2006 at an open call by the Wilhelmina modeling agency , Fatima has performed in more than 50 commercials and appeared on the covers of national magazines and in advertising campaigns for Ralph Lauren , Benetton and the Gap .
Four commercials starring Fatima are currently on television : McDonald ’s , Pillsbury Toaster Strudels , Bisquick and McCormick .
She has walked the runway at Bryant Park — “ I loved the intensity ” — and starred on “ Sesame Street ” opposite First Lady Michelle Obama — “ she was very down to earth and very sweet . ”
The brown - eyed brunette has appeared in two “ fake commercials ” for “ Saturday Night Live ” and is set to appear in the movie “ The Rebound , ” starring Catherine Zeta - Jones , and as a lead in “ The Miracle of Spanish Harlem , ” out in November .
The fourth - grader is also a competitive gymnast , ranked 13th in New York state , reads at the 10th - grade level , speaks fluent Spanish and studies Mandarin .
In her free time , she enjoys horseback riding , charity work , playing on the school chess team and traveling — she ’s shot ad campaigns in Iceland and Paris .
But her long - term plans include an Ivy League education .
“ My dad said I ’m allowed to go to Harvard , Yale or Columbia , ” she said .
“ Barack Obama studied at Harvard , and I really like him .
I want to be a lawyer .
I was thinking of maybe going to the Olympics , but you know what ?
That ’s a once - in - a - lifetime thing .
I want to be in the court and fight for people saying , ‘ My client is innocent ! ’ ” she laughed .
Fatima , whose father is from Queens and whose mother is from Ecuador , has the sought - after interracial look that is heating up the fashion world .
“ She can cross over , ” said her manager , Teri Bostaji .
“ She ’s ethnically ambiguous and Caucasian and very beautiful .
But it ’s her personality that makes her stand out . ”
Her parents are adamant about never using Fatima as a piggy bank .
“ People always say to me , ‘ Well , you ’ve got college paid , ’ ” said her father , Jack Ptacek .
“ I say no way .
That ’s her money . ”
Fatima is up every day at 6 a.m. , preparing for school at PS 150Q , where she is in the Academy for Intellectually Gifted Children .
At least twice a week , she cuts out of class early with her mom to ham it up at auditions and casting calls in Manhattan .
She finishes her homework in the car on the way back to Flushing — for a three - hour workout at a Russian gym , Lana ’s Gymnastics Club , three or four nights a week .
Fatima finally hits the hay at around 10 p.m.
Weekends are eaten up by horseback riding and five hours of Mandarin class on Saturdays — a language she begged her parents to study .
For her shell - shocked parents , Fatima ’s rising profile is surreal .
Her mom , Lucia , took Fatima to her first casting call on a whim and never expected their daughter to get this big .
“ We knew she was gifted , ” Jack said , “ but we never thought this would happen . ”
Cartoon characters grow up and leave home too .
Just like most college kids , they do things like … well , you can see for yourself !
via : CollegeHumor
Follow me through New Orleans and the life of Ignatius J. Reilly .
A Confederacy of Dunces was written by John Kennedy Toole in the 1960's , but he committed suicide before it was published .
His mother took the book to Walker Percy , a professor at Loyola Univeristy , who helped her get it published .
The book went on to be a Pulitzer Prize winner and is one of the funniest books ever written .
Hi there ,
I have read a lot about the Curry - Howard isomorphism , but its relevance is not yet clear to me .
I know there are experts on this topic here in this board , so please enlighten me :-)
Technically , I understand the relation between simply - typed lambda calculus and constructive logic and how the isomorphism between proofs and programs works .
However , what does Curry - Howard mean in general ?
Why is it significant ?
Does it say anything about a setting different from simply - typed lambda calculus / constructive logic ?
I understand that one interpretation of CH is this :
If I have a function of type t -> t ' , then the function body is a constructive proof that it is possible to construct a t' value from a t value .
However , this " type inhabitation " question seems to have a trivial answer in almost any real programming language :
You can construct a value / function for whatever type you want ( e.g. , in Haskell you can just use " undefined " )
I have never seen any type in a program that expresses an interesting , non-trivial proposition , but maybe I have not looked closely enough ?
Would it be possible to take an arbitrary mathematical theorem ( let 's say : " string concatenation is associative " , or Fermat 's little theorem ) and express it as a type ?
I am also still a bit confused about conceptually viewing a type as a proposition .
I think of types ( of functions ) as partial specifications , whereby the type checker checks conformance of the implementation to this partial specification .
How does this fit together ?
( Credit : h.koppdelaney )
“ From all your herds , a cup or two of milk ,
From all your granaries , a loaf of bread ,
In all your palace , only half a bed :
Can man use more ?
And do you own the rest ? ”
— Ancient Sanskrit poem
Total post read time : 5 minutes .
Living well is quite different from “ doing well . ”
In the quest to get ahead — destination often unknown — it ’s easy to have life pass you by while you ’re focused on other things .
This post is intended as a reminder and a manifesto : keep it simple .
This is written by Rolf Potts , author of my perennial favorite and heavily highlighted Vagabonding .
In the below piece , I ’ve bolded some particular parts that have had an impact on my life .
Enter Rolf .
###
In March of 1989 , the Exxon Valdez struck a reef off the coast of Alaska , resulting in the largest oil spill in U.S. history .
Initially viewed as an ecological disaster , this catastrophe did wonders to raise environmental awareness among average Americans .
As television images of oil - choked sea otters and dying shore birds were beamed across the country , pop-environmentalism grew into a national craze .
Instead of conserving more and consuming less , however , many Americans sought to save the earth by purchasing “ environmental ” products .
Energy - efficient home appliances flew off the shelves , health food sales boomed , and reusable canvas shopping bags became vogue in strip malls from Jacksonville to Jackson Hole .
Credit card companies began to earmark a small percentage of profits for conservation groups , thus encouraging consumers to “ help the environment ” by striking off on idealistic shopping binges .
Such shopping sprees and health food purchases did absolutely nothing to improve the state of the planet , of course — but most people managed to feel a little better about the situation without having to make any serious lifestyle changes .
This notion — that material investment is somehow more important to life than personal investment — is exactly what leads so many of us to believe we could never afford to go vagabonding .
The more our life options get paraded around as consumer options , the more we forget that there ’s a difference between the two .
Thus , having convinced ourselves that buying things is the only way to play an active role in the world , we fatalistically conclude that we ’ll never be rich enough to purchase a long - term travel experience .
Fortunately , the world need not be a consumer product .
As with environmental integrity , long - term travel is n’t something you buy into : it ’s something you give to yourself .
Indeed , the freedom to go vagabonding has never been determined by income level , but through simplicity — the conscious decision of how to use what income you have .
And , contrary to popular stereotypes , seeking simplicity does n’t require that you become a monk , a subsistence forager , or a wild - eyed revolutionary .
Nor does it mean that you must unconditionally avoid the role of consumer .
Rather , simplicity merely requires a bit of personal sacrifice : an adjustment of your habits and routines within consumer society itself .
“ Our crude civilization engenders a multitude of wants …
Our forefathers forged chains of duty and habit , which bind us notwithstanding our boasted freedom , and we ourselves in desperation , add link to link , groaning and making medicinal laws for relief . ” — John Muir , Kindred and Related Spirits
At times , the biggest challenge in embracing simplicity will be the vague feeling of isolation that comes with it , since private sacrifice does n’t garner much attention in the frenetic world of mass culture .
Jack Kerouac ’s legacy as a cultural icon is a good example of this .
Arguably the most famous American vagabonder of the 20th century , Kerouac vividly captured the epiphanies of hand - to - mouth travel in books like On the Road and Lonesome Traveler .
In Dharma Bums , he wrote about the joy of living with people who blissfully ignore “ the general demand that they consume production and therefore have to work for the privilege of consuming , all that crap they did n’t really want … general junk you always see a week later in the garbage anyway , all of [ it ] impersonal in a system of work , produce , consume . ”
Despite his observance of material simplicity , however , Kerouac found that his personal life – the life that had afforded him the freedom to travel – was soon overshadowed by a more fashionable ( and marketable ) public vision of his travel lifestyle .
Convertible cars , jazz records , marijuana ( and , later , Gap khakis ) , ultimately came to represent the mystical “ It ” that he and Neal Cassidy sought in On the Road .
As his Beat cohort William S. Burroughs was to point out years after his death , part of Kerouac ’s mystique became inseparable from the idea that he “ opened a million coffee bars and sold a million pairs of Levi ’s to both sexes . ”
In some ways , of course , coffee bars , convertibles and marijuana are all part of what made travel appealing to Kerouac ’s readers .
That ’s how marketing ( intentional and otherwise ) works .
But these are n’t the things that made travel possible for Kerouac .
What made travel possible was that he knew how neither self nor wealth can be measured in terms of what you consume or own .
Even the downtrodden souls on the fringes of society , he observed , had something the rich did n’t : Time .
This notion – the notion that “ riches ” do n’t necessarily make you wealthy – is as old as society itself .
The ancient Hindu Upanishads refer disdainfully to “ that chain of possessions wherewith men bind themselves , and beneath which they sink ” ; ancient Hebrew scriptures declare that “ whoever loves money never has money enough . ”
Jesus noted that it ’s pointless for a man to “ gain the whole world , yet lose his very self ” , and the Buddha whimsically pointed out that seeking happiness in one ’s material desires is as absurd as “ suffering because a banana tree will not bear mangoes . ”
Despite several millennia of such warnings , however , there is still an overwhelming social compulsion – an insanity of consensus , if you will – to get rich from life rather than live richly , to “ do well ” in the world instead of living well .
And , in spite of the fact that America is famous for its unhappy rich people , most of us remain convinced that just a little more money will set life right .
In this way , the messianic metaphor of modern life becomes the lottery – that outside chance that the right odds will come together to liberate us from financial worries once and for all .
“ Henceforth I ask not good - fortune , I myself am good - fortune , Henceforth I whimper no more , postpone no more , need nothing … ” — Walt Whitman , “ Song of the Open Road ”
Fortunately , we were all born with winning tickets – and cashing them in is a simple matter of altering our cadence as we walk through the world .
Vagabonding sage Ed Buryn knew as much : “ By switching to a new game , which in this case involves vagabonding , time becomes the only possession and everyone is equally rich in it by biological inheritance .
Money , of course , is still needed to survive , but time is what you need to live .
So , save what little money you possess to meet basic survival requirements , but spend your time lavishly in order to create the life values that make the fire worth the candle .
Dig ? ”
Dug .
And the bonus to all of this is that – as you of sow your future with rich fields of time – you are also planting the seeds of personal growth that will gradually bloom as you travel into the world .
* * *
In a way , simplifying your life for vagabonding is easier than it sounds .
This is because travel by its very nature demands simplicity .
If you do n’t believe this , just go home and try stuffing everything you own into a backpack .
This will never work , because no matter how meagerly you live at home , you ca n’t match the scaled - down minimalism that travel requires .
You can , however , set the process of reduction and simplification into motion while you ’re still at home .
This is useful on several levels :
Not only does it help you to save up travel money , but it helps you realize how independent you are of your possessions and your routines .
In this way , it prepares you mentally for the realities of the road , and makes travel a dynamic extension of the life - alterations you began at home .
“ Travel can be a kind of monasticism on the move :
On the road , we often live more simply , with no more possessions than we can carry , and surrendering ourselves to chance .
This is what Camus meant when he said that “ what gives value to travel is fear ” — disruption , in other words , ( or emancipation ) from circumstance , and all the habits behind which we hide .
— Pico Iyer , “ Why We Travel ”
As with , say , giving up coffee , simplifying your life will require a somewhat difficult consumer withdrawal period .
Fortunately , your impending travel experience will give you a very tangible and rewarding long - term goal that helps ease the discomfort .
Over time , as you reap the sublime rewards of simplicity , you ’ll begin to wonder how you ever put up with such a cluttered life in the first place .
On a basic level , there are three general methods to simplifying your life : stopping expansion , reining in your routine , and reducing clutter .
The easiest part of this process is stopping expansion .
This means that – in anticipation of vagabonding – you do n’t add any new possessions to your life , regardless of how tempting they might seem .
Naturally , this applies to things like cars and home entertainment systems , but this also applies to travel accessories .
Indeed , one of the biggest mistakes people make in anticipation of vagabonding is to indulge in a vicarious travel buzz by investing in water filters , sleeping bags , and travel - boutique wardrobes .
In reality , vagabonding runs smoothest on a bare minimum of gear – and even multi- year trips require little initial investment beyond sturdy footwear and a dependable travel bag or backpack .
While you ’re curbing the material expansion of your life , you should also take pains to rein in the unnecessary expenses of your weekly routine .
Simply put , this means living more humbly ( even if you are n’t humble ) and investing the difference into your travel fund .
Instead of eating at restaurants , for instance , cook at home and pack a lunch to work or school .
Instead of partying at nightclubs and going out to movies or pubs , entertain at home with friends or family .
Wherever you see the chance to eliminate an expensive habit , take it .
The money you save as a result will pay handsomely in travel time .
In this way , I ate lot of baloney sandwiches ( and missed out on a lot of grunge - era Seattle nightlife ) while saving up for a vagabonding stint after college — but the ensuing eight months of freedom on the roads of North America more than made up for it .
“ Very many people spend money in ways quite different from those that their natural tastes would enjoin , merely because the respect of their neighbors depends upon their possession of a good car and their ability to give good dinners .
As a matter of fact , any man who can obviously afford a car but genuinely prefers travels or a good library will in the end be much more respected than if he behaved exactly like everyone else . ” — Bertrand Russell , The Conquest of Happiness
Perhaps the most challenging step in keeping things simple is to reduce clutter – to downsize what you already own .
As Thoreau observed , downsizing can be the most vital step in winning the freedom to change your life : “ I have in my mind that seemingly wealthy , but most terribly impoverished class of all , ” he wrote in Walden , “ who have accumulated dross , but know not how to use it , or get rid of it , and thus have forged their own golden or sliver fetters . ”
How you reduce your “ dross ” in anticipation of travel will depend on your situation .
If you ’re young , odds are you have n’t accumulated enough to hold you down ( which , incidentally , is a big reason why so many vagabonders tend to be young ) .
If you ’re not - so - young , you can re-create the carefree conditions of youth by jettisoning the things that are n’t necessary to your basic well - being .
For much of what you own , garage sales and on - line auctions can do wonders to unclutter your life ( and score you an extra bit of cash to boot ) .
Homeowners can win their travel freedom by renting out their houses ; those who rent accommodation can sell , store , or lend out the things that might bind them to one place .
An additional consideration in life - simplification is debt .
As Laurel Lee wryly observed in Godspeed , “ cities are full of those who have been caught in monthly payments for avocado green furniture sets . ”
Thus , if at all possible , do n’t let avocado green furniture sets ( or any other seemingly innocuous indulgence ) dictate the course of your life by forcing you into ongoing cycles of production and consumption .
If you ’re already in debt , work your way out of it – and stay out .
If you have a mortgage or other long - term debt , devise a situation ( such as property rental ) that allows you to be independent of its obligations for long periods of time .
Being free from debt ’s burdens simply gives you more vagabonding options .
And , for that matter , more life options .
* * *
“ It is easy in the world to live after the world ’s opinion ; it is easy in solitude to live after your own ; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude . ” — Ralph Waldo Emerson , “ Self Reliance ”
As you simplify your life and look forward to spending your new wealth of time , you ’re likely to get a curious reaction from your friends and family .
On one level , they will express enthusiasm for your impending adventures .
But on another level , they might take your growing freedom as a subtle criticism of their own way of life .
Because your fresh worldview might appear to call their own values into question ( or , at least , force them to consider those values in a new light ) , they will tend to write you off as irresponsible and self - indulgent .
Let them .
As I ’ve said before , vagabonding is not an ideology , a balm for societal ills , nor a token of social status .
Vagabonding is , was , and always will be a private undertaking – and its goal is not to improve your life in relation to your neighbors , but in relation to yourself .
Thus , if your neighbors consider your travels foolish , do n’t waste your time trying to convince them otherwise .
Instead , the only sensible reply is to quietly enrich your life with the myriad opportunities that vagabonding provides .
Interestingly , some of the harshest responses I ’ve received in reaction to my vagabonding life have come while traveling .
Once , at Armageddon ( the site in Israel ; not the battle at the end of the world ) , I met an American aeronautical engineer who was so tickled he had negotiated 5 days of free time into a Tel Aviv consulting trip that he spoke of little else as we walked through the ruined city .
When I eventually mentioned that I ’d been traveling around Asia for the past 18 months , he looked at me like I ’d slapped him .
“ You must be filthy rich , ” he said acidly .
“ Or maybe , ” he added , giving me the once - over , “ your mommy and daddy are . ”
I tried to explain how two years of teaching English in Korea had funded my freedom , but the engineer would have none of it .
Somehow , he could n’t accept that two years of any kind of honest work could have funded 18 months ( and counting ) of travel .
He did n’t even bother sticking around for the real kicker :
In those 18 months of travel , my day - to - day costs were significantly cheaper than day - to - day life would have cost me back in the United States .
The secret to my extraordinary thrift was neither secret nor extraordinary : I had tapped into that vast well of free time simply by forgoing a few comforts as I traveled .
Instead of luxury hotels , I slept in clean , basic hostels and guesthouses .
Instead of flying from place to place , I took local buses , trains , and share - taxis .
Instead of dining at fancy restaurants , I ate food from street - vendors and local cafeterias .
Occasionally , I traveled on foot , slept out under the stars , and dined for free at the stubborn insistence of local hosts .
In what ultimately amounted to over two years of travel in Asia , Eastern Europe , and the Middle East , my lodging averaged out to just under $ 5 a night , my meals cost well under $ 1 a plate , and my total expenses rarely exceeded $ 1000 a month .
“ When I was very young a big financier once asked me what I would like to do , and I said , ‘ To travel . ’
‘ Ah , ’ he said , ‘ it is very expensive ; one must have a lot of money to do that . ’
He was wrong .
For there are two kinds of travelers ; the Comfortable Voyager , round whom a cloud of voracious expenses hums all the time , and the man who shifts for himself and enjoys the little discomforts as a change from life ’s routine . ” — Ralph Bagnold , Libyan Sands
Granted , I have simple tastes – and I did n’t linger long in expensive places – but there was nothing exceptional in the way I traveled .
In fact , entire multi-national backpacker circuits ( not to mention budget guidebook publishing empires ) have been created by the simple abundance of such travel bargains in the developing world .
For what it costs to fill your gas - tank back home , for example you can take a train from one end of China to the other .
For the cost of a home - delivered pepperoni pizza , you can eat great meals for a week in Brazil .
And , for a month ’s rent in any major American city , you can spend a year in a beach hut in Indonesia .
Moreover , even the industrialized parts of the world host enough hostel networks , bulk transportation discounts , and camping opportunities make long - term travel affordable .
Ultimately , you may well discover that vagabonding on the cheap becomes your favorite way to travel , even if given more expensive options .
Indeed , not only does simplicity save you money and buy you time , it makes you more adventuresome , forces you into sincere contact with locals , and allows you the independence to follow your passions and curiosities down exciting new roads .
In this way , simplicity – both at home and on the road – affords you the time to seek renewed meaning in an oft - neglected commodity that ca n’t be bought at any price : life itself .
# # #
[ Note from Tim : I took Walden with me , along with Vagabonding , when I traveled the world beginning in 2004 .
Less is
More came a few months later , and I still reread it every six months or so . ]
Walden , by Henry David Thoreau
The philosophical account of Thoreau ’s experiment in anti-materialist living .
An American literary classic for over 150 years .
Less Is More : The Art of Voluntary Poverty : An Anthology of Ancient and Modern Voices Raised in Praise of Simplicity , edited by Goldian Vandenbroeck ( Inner Traditions , 1996 )
Quotes and essays on the value of simplicity , from the likes of Socrates , Shakespeare , St. Francis , Benjamin Franklin , and Mohandas Gandhi — as well as the Bible , the Dhammapada , the Tao Te Ching , and the Bhagavad Gita .
Your Money or Your Life : 9 Steps to Transforming Your Relationship with Money and Achieving Financial Independence , by Joe Dominguez , Vicki Robin ( Penguin USA , 2008 )
A best - selling book that uses a nine - step process to demonstrate how most people are making a “ dying ” instead of a living .
Practical pointers for achieving financial independence by altering your lifestyle .
Voluntary Simplicity : Toward a Way of Life That Is Outwardly Simple , Inwardly Rich , by Duane Elgin ( Quill , 1993 )
First published in 1981 , this is a popular reference and inspiration for those looking to live a simpler life .
Strongly themed toward environmental sustainability .
The Simple Living Guide : A Sourcebook for Less Stressful , More Joyful Living , by Janet Luhrs ( Broadway Books , 1997 )
Luhrs is the founder and publisher of The Simple Living Journal ( and the companion website ) .
Book contains tips for living fully and well through simplicity .
The Pocket Idiot ’s Guide to Living on a Budget , by Peter J. Sander , Jennifer Basye Sander ( Alpha Books , 2005 )
A concise guide to planning and abiding by a day - to - day budget .
The Budget Kit : The Common Cents Money Management Workbook , by Judy Lawrence ( Kaplan , 2008 )
Easy - to - use tips for managing your finances and getting the most out of your income .
The Complete Tightwad Gazette : Promoting Thrift As a Viable Alternative Lifestyle by Amy Dacyczyn ( Random House , 1999 )
Nine hundred pages of compiled tips for frugal living .
How to Get Out of Debt , Stay Out of Debt , and Live Prosperously , by Jerrold Mundis ( Bantam , 2003 )
This book helps you get out of debt , stay out of debt , and live prosperously .
Generation Debt : Take Control of Your Money , Carmen Wong Ulrich ( Business Plus , 2006 )
Personal financial advice for young adults .
The Dollar Stretcher
An online resource for saving money in day - to - day life .
Weekly columns on thrift and simplicity .
Get Rich Slowly
A detailed blog with personal finance tips .
Exploritas
The world ’s largest educational and travel organization for adults 55 and over .
Offers 10,000 programs a year in over 100 countries .
A good way for traveling seniors to get a taste of other cultures before striking off on their own .
State Department Travel Tips for Older Americans
Posted online , this tip sheet is a useful primer for older independent travelers .
Topics covered include trip preparation , passport and visas , health , money and valuables , safety precautions , and shopping .
Transitions Abroad ’s Best Senior Travel Websites
Extensive rundown of links , resources and articles about senior travel .
Lonely Planet ’s older travelers ’ forum
An online message board for senior travelers .
AARP Travel
Products , services and discounts for travelers aged 50 and over .
Boomeropia
Online travel resources for Baby Boomers .
Lonely Planet Travel With Children , by Cathy Lanigan ( Lonely Planet , 2002 )
A practical guide to the challenges and joys of traveling with children , including trip preparation and kid-friendly destinations .
Gutsy Mamas : Travel Tips and Wisdom for Mothers on the Road , by Marybeth Bond ( Travelers ’ Tales , 1997 )
Inspirational and informative advice on staying healthy on the road , traveling to third world countries ( and close to home ) , and keeping children of all ages entertained and adults energized .
Your Child Abroad : A Travel Health Guide , by Jane Wilson - Howarth , Matthew Ellis .
( Bradt Publications , 2005 )
Accessible and practical health information for parents traveling with children to far - flung areas of the world .
One Year Off : Leaving It All Behind for a Round - the - World Journey with Our Children , by David Elliot Cohen ( Simon & Schuster , 1999 )
When David Elliot Cohen turned 40 , he quit his job , sold his house and car and left to travel the world — with his wife and three kids ( aged 8 , 7 , and 2 ) in tow .
A first - hand account of how vagabonding exotic lands can be a family experience .
Take Your Kids to Europe : How to Travel Safely ( and Sanely ) in Europe with Your Children , by Cynthia Harriman ( Globe Pequot , 2007 )
A book of practical tips for traveling families traveling to Europe on limited budgets .
Adventuring With Children : An Inspirational Guide to World Travel and the Outdoors , by Nan Jeffrey ( Avalon , 1995 )
A classic book of advice on roaming the world with children , including preparation tips and adventurous family destinations .
Family Travel : The Farther You Go , the Closer You Get , by Laura Manske ( Travelers ’ Tales , 2000 )
A collection of literary tales about family travel .
The Family Sabbatical Handbook : The Budget Guide To Living Abroad With Your Family , by Elisa Bernick ( Intrepid Traveler , 2007 )
Advice for families considering an expatriate stint abroad .
WorldTrek : A Family Odyssey , by Russell and Carla Fisher ( Rainbow Books , 2007 )
A family of four spends a year traveling the world .
Family Travel Forum
Online information on worldwide destinations for adults and children .
Features discussion boards and advice for all manner of family travel issues .
Traveling Internationally With Your Kids
Online resources for traveling overseas with children .
Features guidebook recommendations , trip preparation tips , and activity suggestions .
Delicious Baby
Ideas and stories about how to make travel fun for kids .
Families on the Road
For families who are on the road fulltime , on extended road trips , or are just dreaming about it .
Boostnall Traveling with Children forum
An online message board where family travelers can ask questions and share information .
Lonely Planet ’s Kids to Go
Another useful online family - travel message board .
Pilgrims ’ Progress
A Kiwi family with eight kids and a grandpa chronicle their pilgrimage from Singapore to London and beyond — overland all the way .
Traveling with Elliot
A blog documenting parent - child travel around the globe .
Six in the World
A family of six , ranging in age from 38 to 4 , embarked on an 11 - month round - the - world adventure in August 2006 .
This blog tracks their preparation , travels , and return to the US .
( A version of this post originally appeared as Chapter 3 in Vagabonding by Rolf Potts )
Related and Recommended
The Tim Ferriss
Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world with more than 500 million downloads .
It has been selected for " Best of Apple Podcasts " three times , it is often the # 1 interview podcast across all of Apple Podcasts , and it 's been ranked # 1 out of 400,000 + podcasts on many occasions .
To listen to any of the past episodes for free , check out this page .
One day , several months ago , I was having lunch with popular newspaper columnist and TV talk - show host Gawaya Tegule in downtown Kampala .
We conversed about many things , and eventually the topic of religion came up .
He told me why he believed in ‘ God ’ , and I told him why I did n’t .
It was a friendly exchange .
It so happened that sitting right opposite me was a Jehovah ’s Witness , and as I was walking out of the restaurant , he asked to speak to me briefly .
He talked to me about the wonders of ‘ God ’ and why I should believe , and asked me if I ’d like to meet him and his friend to discuss religion further over some roasted pork on Saturday .
I gladly accepted the offer .
He had me at roasted pork .
I love roasted pork .
Saturday came and I met James ( that is his name ) and Walter at Bamboo Nest , Bugolobi ( in the outskirts of Kampala ) and we began a lively debate on the ‘ God ’ question .
Being Jehovah ’s Witnesses , they had some very interesting things to say about the afterlife .
It went something like this : basically when Jesus ‘ returns ’ , Jehovah will choose ( has chosen ? ) 144,000 humans to rule with him in heaven with Jesus and the angels .
The rest that have been good ‘ Witnesses ’ get to come back to life when Jesus returns , and live for eternity in paradise here on Earth .
You ’ve seen the imagery , I ’m sure :
Naturally , I asked ..
So what happens to those of us who did n’t do what Jehovah said we were supposed to do ?
You know , like non-believers ?
Their answer was ..
You do n’t get resurrected to enjoy eternal life on Earth in Paradise .
In other words , you remain dead .
‘ Will we go to hell ? ’ I queried .
Walter responded ..
No , no .. the concept of hell is simply a metaphor .
Many Christians have misinterpreted the context of the passages that refer to a ‘ hell ’ .
There is no literal ‘ lake of fire ’ .
What will actually happen is that once you die , that will be the end for you .
No resurrection and life of happiness for eternity !
My next response to them shocked them completely .
I said :
Well , if what you say is true , then that ’s perfectly fine with me .
They could n’t believe their ears .
‘ Wha ..wha.. what do mean ?
DON ’T YOU WANT TO LIVE FOREVER ? ’ they pleaded .
They really could n’t understand why a person would n’t want to live in bliss for eternity .
These guys really thought there was something wrong with me .
Who would n’t want to live forever ?
‘ Nope , ’ I said , and continued ..
It would be perfectly fine for me to just live my live to the fullest here on earth and for it to all end here .
I honestly find the idea of eternal life nauseating .
Both of them shook their heads in disbelief .
We moved on to discussing other topics before eventually bidding each other farewell – but not before them giving me two booklets , and no less than three Watchtower magazines for me to ‘ study ’ ( man , these guys definitely do n’t play around ) .
Religious people often protest when non-believers accuse them of holding on to their faiths because they are afraid of death , or are anxious about what they think might follow after death .
While such an accusation might seem at first like an over - generalisation , it certainly cannot be denied that the desire to ‘ beat ’ death is one of the strongest motivating factors for choosing to be religious , or spiritual .
It was partly the case for me as well , when I was still a born - again Christian 18 years ago .
Going to heaven was a prospect that I not only took very seriously at the time , but one I was actively looking forward to .
I could n’t wait to get to heaven – I remember .
‘ What am i still doing around in this sinful , evil , filthy world ? ’
I kept asking myself .
‘ The sooner I died the quicker I ’ll get there , ’ I thought .
I remember telling my friends that I would be willing die for Jesus if it were required of me to do so .
I remember imagining myself in heaven , living a blissful , happy life – forever – after I had been killed while preaching the gospel ( or something like that ) .
It did n’t occur to me then that half - way across the world , many youths in parts of the Arab world were also quite willing to die a ‘ glorious death ’ for the sake of their faith , because they believed a ‘ better ’ life awaited them in heaven .
Indeed , in light of all that is promised in the next life by various religious traditions , to me at the time , focusing on this life seemed so trivial .
I was constantly frustrated that Jesus was taking his time with the ‘ rapture ’ .
I really wanted to get into heaven to begin my ‘ eternal ’ life in paradise with Jesus .
My life here on earth truly struck me as being rather pointless , and I could n’t wait for it to be over .
Wow .
Of course , as I progressed into an atheist , I began to see things differently .
Gradually , the idea of an eternal life actually started sounding cheap to me .
The whole thing is simple , really – we ascribe value to things that are rare .
The winner of a lottery marvels because it is not everyday that one wins a lottery .
Chances are that he or she will never win it again , after winning it once – and as such , he feels humbled by the experience .
We value gold , diamonds , and other precious stones because they are scarce items .
The world mourned the loss of Michael Jackson because we knew there would never be another Michael Jackson – he was one of a kind ..
All of us , are one of a kind , and that is why each one of us is special .
We also wo n’t always be around .
I began to value my life on Earth because I realised that this life was the one and only life I will ever live .
This realisation is what now motivates me to try to live the best life I can – every single day .
It also motivates me to strive to help others so that they , too , can live the best life they possibly can – every single day .
" When I got untethered from the comfort of religion , it was n’t a loss of faith for me , it was a discovery of self .
I had faith that I ’m capable enough to handle any situation .
There ’s peace in understanding that I have only one life , here and now , and I ’m responsible . "
Brad Pitt ( Source : Parade 10/07/2007 )
I could n’t agree more with Brad Pitt .
We are all responsible , so let ’s try to fix this world … NOW .
It ’s all we ’ve got .
Life is something to be treasured precisely because it will not last forever .
Every minute counts .
Every second counts ..
Do n’t waste it .
Continued in : Pondering the ‘ Afterlife ’ ( Part 2 – The Fear of Hell and Pascal ’s Wager )
World Cup winner Jurgen Klinsmann and four - times Champions League winner Clarence Seedorf have joined the BBC 's team to cover the 2010 World Cup .
The pair will be joined in South Africa by Manchester City 's Emmanuel Adebayor and Middlesbrough boss Gordon Strachan .
Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker will lead the television coverage .
Colin Murray will present the BBC 2 World Cup highlights show daily at 2200 BST and has also been announced as the new presenter of Match of the Day 2 .
Murray currently presents the BBC Radio 5 live show Fighting Talk .
Former England captain Lineker will present coverage of 2010 World Cup matches live from the BBC 's studio in Cape Town and will also be joined by Alan Hansen , Alan Shearer and Lee Dixon .
Offering their expert opinions in the television commentary gantry will be Mark Lawrenson , Mark Bright , Wolves boss Mick McCarthy and Martin Keown .
BBC Sport 's dedicated World Cup website - www.bbc.co.uk/worldcup - will cover every kick of the tournament in South Africa .
For the first time on the BBC Sport website , football action will be available in high - quality video .
All the BBC 's televised matches will be available to stream live in high - quality video , with a choice of alternative commentary options including Radio 5 live ( UK users only ) .
Video highlights of non-BBC broadcast matches will also be available .
It will also be full of news , features , reports , highlights , information , blogs , video diaries , podcasts , archive video , statistics , an innovative interactive wall - chart and live text commentaries .
Meanwhile , BBC Radio 5 live will have comprehensive coverage of the World Cup with over 250 hours of programming across the 2010 tournament .
The radio commentary team will include Graham Taylor , David Moyes , Robbie Savage , Chris Waddle and Danny Mills .
The BBC will also have a bus travelling around the country to bring viewers in the UK a real flavour of South Africa as a country and the impact the World Cup has had on it .
The bus will visit a diverse selection of places along its 6,000 km journey - from townships and social projects to sites of cultural and historic significance .
Viewers with BBC Red Button will have access to 100 hours coverage including live games , rolling highlights and alternative commentary options .
End - of - group matches will be streamed concurrently on BBC Red Button and BBC Sport website .
There will also be access to all the latest news and a dedicated England channel , updated daily , with reports and information on England Fabio Capello 's men in Rustenberg .
In addition , viewers can watch preview content , including virtually every nation 's qualifying campaign and classic archive from previous World Cups .
Full replays of all BBC games will be available on BBC iPlayer for seven days after the game .
In addition The BBC HD Channel will show extensive coverage of the 2010 World Cup , bringing stunning high definition images of all the action from South Africa .
Square Enix has announced the Japanese release date for the PSN version of Final Fantasy IX .
According to CVG , Square Enix head Shinji Hashimoto confirmed via Twitter that the game will be available to download in Japan on May 20 .
He also unveiled a video of the 2001 PSOne game running on Sony 's handheld PSP .
The news comes only days after Square revealed that the conversion was complete and entering the testing phase .
Final Fantasy IX , which follows VII and VIII , will be released for the PS3 and PSP .
The international release date is yet to be announced .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
A couple of years ago , web developers were banging their head against the first wall in Ajax : the same - origin policy .
While we marveled at the giant step forward enabled by cross - browser support for the XMLHttpRequest object , we quickly bemoaned the fact that there was no way to make a request to a different domain from JavaScript .
Everyone setup proxies on their web sites , which was the onset of a new host of open redirect problems , as a way to get around the restriction .
Although developers were working around this limitation using server - side proxies as well as other techniques , the community outcry was around allowing native cross -domain Ajax requests .
A lot of people are unaware that almost all browsers ( Internet Explorer 8 + , Firefox 3.5+ , Safari 4 + , and Chrome ) presently support cross-domain Ajax via a protocol called Cross - Origin Resource Sharing .
Cross -Origin Resource Sharing ( CORS )
Cross -Origin Resource Sharing ( CORS ) is a W3C Working Draft that defines how the browser and server must communicate when accessing sources across origins .
The basic idea behind CORS is to use custom HTTP headers to allow both the browser and the server to know enough about each other to determine if the request or response should succeed or fail .
For a simple request , one that uses either GET or POST with no custom headers and whose body is text / plain , the request is sent with an extra header called Origin .
The Origin header contains the origin ( protocol , domain name , and port ) of the requesting page so that the server can easily determine whether or not it should serve a response .
An example Origin header might look like this :
Origin : https://humanwhocodes.com
If the server decides that the request should be allowed , it sends a Access - Control - Allow - Origin header echoing back the same origin that was sent or “ * ” if it ’s a public resource .
For example :
Access - Control - Allow - Origin : https://humanwhocodes.com
If this header is missing , or the origins do n’t match , then the browser disallows the request .
If all is well , then the browser processes the request .
Note that neither the requests nor responses include cookie information .
All of the previously mentioned browsers support these simple requests .
Firefox 3.5+ , Safari 4 + , and Chrome all support usage through the XMLHttpRequest object .
When attempting to open a resource on a different origin , this behavior automatically gets triggered without any extra code .
For example :
var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ; xhr.open ( " get " , " https://humanwhocodes.com/some_resource/ " , true ) ; xhr.onload = function ( ) {
// instead of onreadystatechange // do something } ; xhr.send ( null ) ;
To do the same in Internet Explorer 8 , you ’ll need to use the XDomainRequest object in the same manner :
var xdr = new XDomainRequest ( ) ; xdr.open ( " get " , " https://humanwhocodes.com/some_resource/ " ) ; xdr.onload = function ( ) { // do something } ; xdr.send ( ) ;
The Mozilla team suggests in their post about CORS that you should check for the existence of the withCredentials property to determine if the browser supports CORS via XHR .
You can then couple with the existence of the XDomainRequest object to cover all browsers :
function createCORSRequest ( method , url ) { var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ; if ( " withCredentials " in xhr ) { xhr.open ( method , url , true ) ; } else if ( typeof XDomainRequest != " undefined " ) { xhr = new XDomainRequest ( ) ; xhr.open ( method , url ) ; } else { xhr = null ; } return xhr ; } var request = createCORSRequest ( " get " , " https://humanwhocodes.com/ " ) ; if ( request ) { request.onload = function ( ) { // do something with request.responseText } ; request.send ( ) ; }
The XMLHttpRequest object in Firefox , Safari , and Chrome has similar enough interfaces to the IE XDomainRequest object that this pattern works fairly well .
The common interface properties / methods are :
abort ( ) – use to stop a request that ’s already in progress .
– use to stop a request that ’s already in progress .
onerror – use instead of onreadystatechange to detect errors .
– use instead of to detect errors .
onload – use instead of onreadystatechange to detect successes .
– use instead of to detect successes .
responseText – use to get contents of response .
– use to get contents of response .
send ( ) – use to send the request .
Preflighted requests
CORS allows the use of custom headers , methods other than GET or POST , and different body content types through a transparent mechanism of server verification called preflighted requests .
When you try to make a request with one of the advanced options , a “ preflight ” request is made to the server .
This request uses the OPTIONS method and sends the following headers :
Origin – same as in simple requests .
– same as in simple requests .
Access - Control - Request - Method – the method that the request wants to use .
– the method that the request wants to use .
Access - Control - Request - Headers – ( Optional ) a comma separated list of the custom headers being used .
Example assuming a POST request with a custom header called NCZ :
Origin : https://humanwhocodes.com
Access -Control - Request - Method : POST Access - Control - Request - Headers : NCZ
During this request , the server can determine whether or not it will allow requests of this type .
The server communicates this to the browser by sending the following headers in the response :
Access - Control - Allow - Origin – same as in simple requests .
– same as in simple requests .
Access - Control - Allow - Methods – a comma separated list of allowed methods .
– a comma separated list of allowed methods .
Access - Control - Allow - Headers – a comma separated list of headers that the server will allow .
– a comma separated list of headers that the server will allow .
Access - Control - Max - Age – the amount of time in seconds that this preflight request should be cached for .
Example :
Access - Control - Allow - Origin : https://humanwhocodes.com
Access - Control - Allow - Methods : POST , GET Access - Control - Allow - Headers : NCZ Access - Control - Max - Age : 1728000
Once a preflight request has been made , the result is cached for the period of time specified in the response ; you ’ll only incur the cost of an extra HTTP request the first time a request of this type is made .
Firefox 3.5+ , Safari 4 + , and Chrome all support preflighted requests ; Internet Explorer 8 does not .
Credentialed requests
By default , cross - origin requests do not provide credentials ( cookies , HTTP authentication , and client - side SSL certificates ) .
You can specify that a request should send credentials by setting the withCredentials property to true .
If the server allow credentialed requests , then it responds with the following HTTP header :
Access - Control - Allow - Credentials : true
If a credentialed request is sent and this header is not sent as part of the response , then the browser does n’t pass the response to JavaScript ( responseText is an empty string , status is 0 , and onerror ( ) is invoked ) .
Note that the server can also send this HTTP header as part of the preflight response to indicate that the origin is allowed to send credentialed requests .
Internet Explorer 8 does n’t support the withCredentials property ; Firefox 3.5 , Safari 4 , and Chrome all support it .
Conclusion
There is a lot of solid support for cross - domain Ajax in modern web browsers , yet most developers are still unaware of this powerful capability .
Usage requires just a little bit of extra JavaScript work and a little extra server - side work to ensure that the correct headers are being sent .
IE8′s implementation lags a bit behind the others in terms of allowing advanced requests and credentialed requests , but hopefully support for CORS will continue to improve .
If you ’d like to learn more , I highly suggest checking out Arun Ranganathan ’s examples page .
Update ( 25 May 2010 ) : Fixed typo in example code .
Update ( 27 May 2010 ) : Removed trailing slash from Origin headers .
This site has gone quiet , but I continue to share content on the Facebook page .
WASHINGTON 
The FBI arrested a Washington state man Tuesday on charges he threatened to kill Sen. Patty Murray , D - Wash . , over her vote for President Obama 's health care initiative .
It was the second time since the bill passed that federal agents have apprehended a suspect for alleged death threats against a member of Congress .
In an affidavit filed in federal court , FBI agents said Charles Alan Wilson of Selah , Wash. , threatened Murray 's life in a series of obscenity - laced messages left on her office voice mail from March 22 to April 4 .
The House passed the Senate health care bill March 21 , and Obama signed it March 23 .
" I hope you realize there 's a target on your back now .
There are many people out there that want you dead , " one message said .
" Now that you 've passed your health care bill let the violence begin . "
Another message included this threat : " I want to ( expletive ) kill you . "
The FBI 's affidavit said Wilson , 63 , had a permit to carry a concealed weapon and had a .38 - caliber Smith & Wesson revolver registered to his name .
He had made harassing calls for " several months , " but they escalated into death threats after the bill was passed , the affidavit said .
In a statement issued late yesterday , Murray 's spokesman , Matt McAlvanah , said the senator 's office contacted the FBI at the urging of Capitol Police after receiving " numerous " threatening phone messages .
McAlvanah said Murray would have no further comment on the ongoing investigation , but he told USA TODAY that the senator was continuing her public schedule .
She spent Tuesday meeting constituents about worker training issues .
The senator , running for her fourth term this year , is a member of the Democratic leadership team in the Senate .
Last week , the FBI announced the arrest of a man charged with threatening to kill Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia , the second - ranking House Republican leader .
The suspect in that case , Norman Leboon , 38 , of Philadelphia , was found not competent to stand trial at a hearing Tuesday .
Patricia Hartman , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Philadelphia , said Leboon remains in custody and will undergo court - ordered psychiatric testing .
As fans of HTC products and the different operating systems that they use , it ’s sometimes hard to get a good read on how satisfied out readers are with their phones .
Yes , we all know that there are gripes about getting the latest version of Android on our phones , but does that keep you from enjoying your handset on a day - to –day basis ?
Fortunately , companies like ChangeWave have enough money to go out and talk to handset owners from across the country to get a feel for customer satisfaction .
Their most recent survey covered 1009 smartphone users in the U.S. and Canada .
HTC came in strong at third place , with only Apple and Motorola finishing with better scores .
Overall , 51 percent of HTC customers were very satisfied with their handsets .
Digging a little further , ChangeWave found that the Sprint HTC
Hero scored the highest for HTC with 68 % of customers giving it a rating of “ very satisfied ” compared to 50 % for the HTC DROID Eris and 38 % for the HTC Touch .
Seeing these numbers we were a bit surprised to see such a huge gap between Hero and DROID Eris owners considering that they are essentially the same handset .
Honestly , having used both handsets extensively , I would give the DROID Eris a higher satisfaction rating over the Hero due to build quality and a smoother ROM .
I would also like to know why in the world the HTC Touch was included in the survey .
The Windows Mobile powered HTC
Touch is three years old and should have been retired to everyone ’s bottom desk drawer some time ago .
I ’m sure most of us would give a 38 % “ very satisfied ” rating to the Nexus One after three years of use .
On a positive note for Android , 67 % of customers said that they were very satisfied with Google ’s OS .
Android did n’t grab the number one spot in the ratings , but it was only trailing by 4 percentage points behind the iPhone OS ’ 71 % satisfaction rating .
ChangeWave is planning on doing a follow - up survey sometime soon so that they include the new owners of the HTC DROID Incredible .
We ’re hoping they wait long enough to include those who plan on picking up the HTC EVO 4G and myTouch 3G Slide once they launch next week .
So our question for you is : how satisfied are you with your HTC smartphone ?
Source : Changewave Research
Supported by a powerful mix of archival footage , NASA shots of burning oil fields , and , often unintentionally hilarious , historical film excerpts , OilCrash guides us on an exotic , visual journey from Houston to Caracas , the Lake of Maracaibo , the Orinoco delta , Central Asia 's secretive republic of Azerbaijan with its ancient capital Baku and the Caspian Sea , via London & Zürich .
OilCrash visits cities around the world to learn of our future from such leading authorities as oil investment banker Matthew Simmons , former OPEC chairman Fadhil Chalabhi , Caltech 's head of physics , Professor David Goodstein , Stanford University political scientist , Terry Lynn Karl , peak oil expert , Matthew Savinar and many more .
Written by Anonymous
I love me some comets .
I 've seen quite a few in my time .
Some were faint smudges in a big telescope 's eyepiece , some seen only in distant spacecraft images , and some so bright they were obvious and awesome to my naked eye .
They used to be considered harbingers , omens up for interpretation by mystics and people looking for reasons things happened the way they do .
In reality , comets are just a class of objects in our solar system along with planets , asteroids , dust , and one biggish star .
Hmm .
Did I say " just " ?
That 's unfair .
They are gorgeous , interesting objects , worthy of study .
And 100 years ago today -- April 20 , 1910 -- we got a pretty good look at the most famous of them all , Comet Halley , as it passed the Earth at a distance of just 23 million km ( 14 million miles ) .
It got so bright that it was obvious even when seen from cities .
As geometry would have it , the Earth even passed through the comet 's tail , sparking fears of widespread death ( cyanogen was detected in the comet , making people think it would poison them ) .
It was the talk of the planet , featured in magazines and papers across the globe .
For your history enjoyment , here is one of those articles from the 1910 , transcribed by James Brooks .
It gives a great flavor of the times .
To celebrate this remarkable centennial anniversary , I have put together Ten Things You Do n't Know About Comets .
I imagine some readers will know some of these , and some will know all ten , but if you do you can still enjoy the pretty pictures -- and make sure you click on them to embiggen 'em .
And if you like this , I have several others , too ( Ten Things You Don't Know About ... the Earth , Black Holes , Hubble , the Sun , Pluto , and the Milky Way ) , so check 'em all out and see how many things you do n't know .
ENTER TEN THINGS YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT COMETS
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
The actual solid part of a comet is tiny .
When you see a picture of a comet it looks huge -- and the part you 're seeing really is .
The head of the comet -- the big fuzzy ball at the front -- can be hundreds of thousands of kilometers across , bigger than whole planets .
But what you 're seeing is incredibly low - density gas warmed by the Sun , leaking out from the solid part of the comet called the nucleus .
In general , the gas is thinner than a laboratory vacuum .
It 's very good at reflecting sunlight , so it appears bright , but in reality it 's as ethereal and thin as a politician 's promise .
Amazingly , the solid nucleus of a comet is usually only a few kilometers across , far too small to see in images .
The picture here is of Comet Holmes in 2007 , taken by Tamas Ladanyi
.
While Holmes was on its way out , away from the Sun , there was a huge outburst probably caused by some gas leaking out of the nucleus .
A vast cloud of gas expanded around it , and even though it was tens of millions of kilometers away from Earth , it was easily visible as a fuzzy patch in the sky .
But the nucleus is so small that no telescope on Earth could 've seen it as more than a tiny dot .
In this picture , it is far smaller than the size of a pixel !
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Comets are dirty snowballs .
So what makes up the nucleus of a comet ?
That 's not simple to answer , because every comet is different , and there are things that straddle the line between comet and asteroid .
In general , comet nuclei are mountain - size dirty snowballs : rock , dust , gravel and other bits of stuff all mixed up with what I like to call " frozen gases " --
I know , gas is n't solid , but we 're talking ammonia , carbon dioxide , methane ... stuff we usually think of as gases .
Astronomers call them " ice " , but I want to distinguish them from water ice .
And there 's water .
Lots and lots of water .
It 's frozen solid , of course , until the comet gets near the Sun .
Then these ices sublimate ( turn from a solid directly into a gas ) , forming the giant head of the comet and also stream away to form the tail .
When these gases are released we can study them with telescopes and determine what 's in them .
In the 1980s , the Giotto spacecraft found that
80 % of the material blown out from Comet Halley was water !
That 's true of most comets studied , too
.
The picture above shows my friend Gail Zasowski
, an astronomy grad student at my alma mater , the University of Virginia .
She and fellow grad student Nicole Gugliucci
made comets for kids as part of the Dark Skies , Bright Kids
program .
They used dry ice , water , window cleaner , dirt , and other products to make model comets .
In the picture , Gail is blowing on the " comet " to make it outgas .
I 've done this as well , and it's a fun activity ( though a wee bit dangerous since dry ice is so cold ) .
You can find more pictures on Nicole 's Flickr page
.
But that means ...
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Comets spend most of their lives looking pretty much like asteroids .
Comets tend to have long , elliptical orbits .
The farther they are from the Sun , the slower they travel , so really they might spend 99.9 % of their lives far , far from the heat of our nearest star .
That in turn means that all that volatile stuff in the nucleus is frozen , and actually it gets so cold that even the water freezes into ice harder than rocks on Earth .
That image above is actually of Comet Halley !
It was taken in 1982 , about three years before passed us once again .
It was out past the orbit of Saturn when the Palomar observatory took this image ( it 's a negative , which helps our eyes seen faint objects ) .
The comet is circled , and if it were n't you 'd never notice it .
That far from the Sun , there 's no outgassing , no spectacular head or tail .
Just a little dot , frozen hard as nails .
In fact , the difference between asteroids and comets may just be how much stuff is in them that does n't blow away when they get near the Sun .
After all , if we see a rock with just a little bit of gas coming out of it , is it an asteroid or a comet ?
In fact , many asteroids are in comet - like orbits ; maybe some had their orbits affected by Jupiter , or maybe they are simply burned out comets .
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Every time a comet comes near the Sun , it dies a little bit .
Like many things in life and the Universe , what makes a comet beautiful will eventually kill it .
Well , kill it as a comet .
Some comets are held together by the frozen gases .
As one of these passes the Sun , that gas blows away , and the comet loses some of its structural integrity .
Eventually , if it 's mostly gas , it 'll disintegrate .
We 've seen comets do this !
They fall apart as they near the Sun ( FYI it 's called calving when a big piece breaks off , but disintegrating completely would be a catastrophic calving , I suppose ) -- like the one shown above , a Hubble image of comet 73P / Schwassmann - Wachmann 3 when it fell apart in 2006 .
Even comets that are mostly rock with only some gas can be weakened by losing that gas , because they would be left with large empty pockets inside the rock .
If something like that got too close to Jupiter , say , the gravity of the planet ( really , the tides
) might tear the comet to shreds .
Shoemaker - Levy 9
was a comet that broke into dozens of pieces and slammed into Jupiter in 1994 .
It may have been such a weakened comet that could n't survive Jupiter 's ferocious gravity .
Comets lose a lot of mass when they go by the Sun .
A lot : some shed hundreds of tons of material per second .
That 's actually a small fraction of the mass of a comet , but given time , and lots of solar passes , it adds up .
Every comet we see is slowly dissolving in space .
Eventually even the mighty Comet Halley will be gone , broken down into a swarm of rocks , gravel , and dust once its gas is gone .
But there will always be more to replace it .
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Comets can have two tails
I 've been talking about the tail of a comet , but actually they can have more than one !
It 's common to see two tails from a comet , like in the picture above of Comet Hale - Bopp .
As gas sublimates from the head of the comet , the solar wind -- a stream of charged particles streaming off the Sun -- can blow it back .
The solar wind is very high velocity , much faster than a comet moves , so that tail blows straight off the comet .
The gases get ionized by the wind ; that is , the electrons in their atoms get stripped off .
The ions are then affected strongly by the magnetic field of the solar wind , which sweeps them up and drags them along .
The blue color of this ion tail is due to carbon monoxide .
which scatters blue light toward us ( similar to why the sky is blue ) .
As electrons recombine with the ions they give off light , causing the tail to glow predominantly blue ( though other colors are present due to other elements and molecules as well ) .
Mixed in with the gas blowing off the comet is also dust : ground up silicates , minerals , and other more stable substances .
This material is denser and not as subject to the solar wind .
It has a yellowish or reddish color because it reflects sunlight .
This tail can curve , following the comet 's path itself .
In many pictures of comets , you can see the blue ion tail screaming straight out from the comet head , while the yellower dust tail gently curves , sometimes for millions of kilometers .
In reality , comets can have lots of tails .
The dust tail can be broken up into several straight features called dust striae , the cause of which is unknown but most likely due to large ( well , boulder - sized ) pieces of the comet breaking off and forming their own tails .
Some comets have sported as many as a half - dozen tails !
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Comets spawn meteor showers
So we have millions of tons of material blowing off a comet every time it passes the Sun .
What happens to that junk ?
There 's very little force acting on this material , so it continues to orbit the Sun in very much the same orbit as the comet itself .
That stuff can happily circle ( ellipse ?
Ellipticate ? ) the Sun for hundreds of millennia , but not always .
Sometimes the comet 's orbit intersects the Earth ( more on that not - quite - so - happy circumstance in a moment ) , which means the Earth can plow through this debris .
Normally , the Earth hits about 100 tons of space detritus a day , but that number can jump substantially when it rams a comet 's orbit .
This material burns up in our atmosphere , and we get a meteor shower .
That 's right : when you go out and observe the Perseids , the Leonids , the Geminids , the Taurids , you are seeing the dandruff from a comet ( which is an appropriate metaphor , since coma means " hair " in Latin ) .
Even a snowflake can put on quite a show when it slams into our atmosphere at 100 km / sec .
That kinetic energy is converted into heat and light , and is visible as a shooting star for hundreds of kilometers .
Sometimes you get a small chunk of gravel , too , and that becomes an intense fireball , bright enough to leave an afterimage on your eye ( I 've seen a few , and they 're heart - stopping ) .
This also means that meteor showers are associated with specific comets .
Halley's has two : the Orionids in October and the Eta Aquarids in May .
The August Perseid shower is due to litter from the comet Swift - Tuttle , and the November Leonids are from the comet Tempel - Tuttle .
They happen at the same time every year because that 's when the Earth is at the intersection of the two orbits .
The spectacular image above is from the 2001 Leonids , seen in Australia by Jen and Vic Winters of ICStars
.
I 'll add the orbits of the debris do get pushed around a bit .
Solar wind , light pressure from the Sun , gravity of the planets : these can affect the debris , changing when and where the Earth hits them , so over time the meteor showers evolve .
Also , if the parent comet made a recent passage , the debris cloud can be thicker , and when the Earth rams into it we get a meteor storm .
The Leonids of the late 1990s produced many such intense storms , with rates as high as thousands of meteors per hour !
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Comets are potentially more dangerous than asteroids
We 've all seen the TV shows and movies about asteroid impacts .
A giant rock 10 kilometers across hits us , causing tsunamis , giant mushroom - clouding fireballs , death , disaster , and an excuse for Bruce Willis to overact and Ben Affleck to cry .
But comets are in many ways are more dangerous .
Even though comets are lower density than asteroids ( ice versus rock ) , there are three factors that make them scarier when it comes to impacts :
1 ) They can come from deep , deep space , falling all the way from beyond Neptune 's orbit .
They pick up a lot of velocity , and some can be moving at 70 km/sec ( 40 miles / sec ) relative to the Earth if the geometry is right .
Most asteroid impacts are in the 20 km/sec ( 12 miles / sec ) range .
That factor of 3.5 in speed translates into a factor of 10 in energy , so a comet with the same mass as an asteroid can generate an explosion ten times bigger .
Yikes .
2 ) Potentially impacting comets can be much bigger than known potentially impacting asteroids .
The largest known potentially hazardous asteroid is Toutatis , which is about 5 km ( 3 miles ) wide .
The nucleus of Hale - Bopp is about 60 km ( 35 miles ) across , more than ten times bigger .
That means it has hundreds of times the mass of Toutatis , and if it hit would create an explosion far , far more devastating than the one that wiped out the dinosaurs , as well as more than half of all species of life on Earth .
3 ) Comet orbits are hard to predict .
Asteroids tend to stay on nice , measurable orbits , making them potentially predictable years in advance .
Comets , though , emit gas that can act like rocket motors , pushing the nucleus this way and that .
In some cases an impact may not be predictable until weeks before it happens .
Worse , since comets are so dark and can come from any direction in the sky , many are n't even discovered until they are practically on top of us .
Hale - Bopp , one of the brightest comets seen in decades , was discovered a mere 19 months before it passed the Earth .
Had it been on an impact trajectory , you would n't be here reading this .
The good news , of course , is that these events are rare .
The last big impact - related event was 65 million years ago .
It 's unlikely we 'll get another one any time soon .
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Seven comets have been visited by spacecraft .
So far .
We 've sent probes to every planet in our solar system ( and one 's on its way to Pluto , so there 's that as well ) .
Amazingly , our robotic proxies have visited as many comets as planets
!
Here 's a list of comets we 've flung spacecraft at : Comet 19P / Borrelly : Deep Space 1 Comet 81P / Wild 2 : Stardust Comet McNaught : Ulysses , kinda , when it passed through the tail 160 million miles from core Comet 21P / Giacobini - Zinner : ICE Comet26P / Grigg - Skjellerup : Giotto Comet Halley : Giotto , Vega 1 and 2 , Sakigake , Suisei Comet Tempel 1 : Deep Impact
Most of the spacecraft flew past the comets , taking data as they went .
But in 2005 we tried something a little different : the image above is from the Deep Impact mission
to Comet Tempel 1 .
The spacecraft slammed a big block of copper
into the comet 's 8 x 5 km ( 5 x 3 mile ) nucleus to create a crater , exposing the material underneath for study .
The 10 km /sec ( 6 miles / sec ) collision blew a crater 100 meters across .
That 's not all , either : the European Rosetta
will visit the comet 67P / Churyumov -Gerasimenko in 2014 , where it will drop a lander onto the surface of the comet !
I suspect we will learn as much about comets from that single mission as we have in all the millennia we 've been studying these icy visitors .
It 's one of the most exciting space missions going right now .
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
The best comet hunter of all time is SOHO
For hundreds of years , comets were spotted by astronomers either watching the skies by eye , or slowly scanning with a telescope .
But a couple of decades ago , the robot uprising started .
Automated telescopes were able to scan faster than humans , and detect fainter objects .
It became rarer and rarer for amateur astronomers to spot comets before the surveys did .
But even those ground - based robots lag behind the all - time comet - spotting champ : The Solar and Heliospheric Observatory ( SOHO
) .
This space - based observatory sits in a gravitational sweet spot about 1.5 million km ( 1 million miles ) from the Earth toward the Sun .
In that location it can stare at the Sun 24 hours a day .
It was placed there in 1995 , so it 's had a long time to watch our nearest star .
And it 's seen a lot of comets as they plunge near or even into the Sun : to date , it 's spotted 1685 of them !
The picture above
shows Comet Bradfield as it dipped past the Sun in 2004 .
SOHO uses a little metal disk to block the light from the Sun ( the white circle represents the size of the Sun behind the disk ) , so fainter objects can be detected ; you can see bright streamers erupting from the Sun , with flares and other solar hiccups common too .
But this means it can spot comets as they make their death dive into the Sun which is why SOHO is so good at seeing them .
By the way , that horizontal line through the comet head is not real ; it 's an artifact of the way the electronic detector used by SOHO records information
; bright objects flood the camera with light , and the electrons generated overflow the pixels .
You may not be surprised to find out some people claim this is evidence for UFOs and all other manners of nonsense , but if they bothered to ask a , y'know , scientist , they 'd find out what 's real and what is n't .
Of course , most of them do n't care what 's real !
But those comets certainly are real , and the images and movies of them diving into the Sun are fascinating and beautiful to watch .
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUS
Some comets can be seen in daylight
We normally think of comets as nighttime objects , visible only after the Sun sets .
But if a comet gets close enough to the Earth , or close to the Sun at the right angle , it can become bright enough to be seen even during the day !
The image above is of Comet McNaught
, an incredibly bright comet that graced our skies in 2006 .
I saw it myself in broad daylight
; I stood so that my house blocked the Sun , and it was easily visible to my naked eye , far brighter than Venus and perhaps as bright as the Moon !
It was incredible .
STEREO ( a solar - observing pair of satellites ) also took phenomenal images of McNaught
.
Astronomers usually look at faint objects , so we 're starved for photons .
When a really bright comet comes along it 's nice to be able to actually see details , so daylight comets are more than just natural beauties .
But they are amazingly gorgeous , and if one comes along again you can be sure I 'll raise the alarm .
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUS
Conclusion
One thing I did n't write about in the main section , though I considered it , is that a lot of organic ( carbon - based ) compounds have been detected in comets .
We know they hit the Earth , so it 's possible that a lot of the building blocks of life on Earth were actually brought here by comets .
Given how many hit us , it 's also possible that a significant fraction of the water in our oceans came from ancient comet impacts as well !
So even though a single impact could wipe us out , we would n't be here without them .
There 's your profound thought for the day .
Credits :
All images are either licensed through creative commons , are in the public domain , or used by permission .
Introduction page : NASA , Mount Wilson and Las Campanas Observatories of the Carnegie Institution of Washington
# 1 : Tamas Ladanyi
# 2 : Nicole Gugliucci
# 3 : Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum
# 4 : NASA , ESA , H. Weaver ( JHU / APL ) , M. Mutchler and Z. Levay ( STScI )
# 5 : ESO
# 6 : Jen and Vic Winters of ICStars
# 7 : Dreamworks
# 8 : NASA / JPL - Caltech / UMD
# 9 : SOHO ( ESA & NASA )
# 10 : Chris North
< PREVIOUS
Stars are born in dense clouds of dust and gas that can now be studied in unprecedented detail with Herschel .
Although jets and winds of gas have been seen coming from young stars in the past , it has always been a mystery exactly how a star uses these to blow away its surroundings and emerge from its birth cloud .
Now , for the first time , Herschel may be seeing an unexpected step in this process .
A cloud of bright reflective gas known to astronomers as NGC 1999 sits next to a black patch of sky .
For most of the 20th century , such black patches have been known to be dense clouds of dust and gas that block light from passing through .
When Herschel looked in its direction to study nearby young stars , the cloud continued to look black .
But wait !
That should not be the case .
Herschel ’s infrared eyes are designed to see into such clouds .
Either the cloud was immensely dense or something was wrong .
Investigating further using ground - based telescopes , astronomers found the same story however they looked : this patch looks black not because it is a dense pocket of gas but because it is truly empty .
Something has blown a hole right through the cloud .
“ No - one has ever seen a hole like this , ” says Tom Megeath , of the University of Toledo , USA .
“ It ’s as surprising as knowing you have worms tunnelling under your lawn , but finding one morning that they have created a huge , yawning pit . ”
The astronomers think that the hole must have been opened when the narrow jets of gas from some of the young stars in the region punctured the sheet of dust and gas that forms NGC 1999 .
The powerful radiation from a nearby mature star may also have helped to clear the hole .
Whatever the precise chain of events , it could be an important glimpse into the way newborn stars disperse their birth clouds .
Updated A man who jokingly threatened to blow Doncaster airport " sky high " back in January has been found guilty of sending a threatening message .
Paul Chambers , 26 , posted the misconceived microblogging update on 6 January , after bad weather forced the Yorkshire airport to shut up shop a week before he was due to fly to Ireland .
The message ( below ) was spotted by managers at Doncaster 's Robin Hood Airport , who complained to the police .
Crap !
Robin Hood Airport is closed .
You 've got a week and a bit to get your shit together otherwise I 'm blowing the airport sky high !
Off - duty manager Shaun Duffield who stumbled across the offending Tweet days after it was made told a court on Monday that the message was not taken as a credible threat and had no operational effect on the airport .
Even so the prosecution continued .
Chambers , of the Balby area of Doncaster , who lost his job as a finance supervisor as a result of the prosecution , initially pleaded guilty to offences against the Communications
Act in February before changing his plea to " not guilty " in March .
However , at a trial at Doncaster Magistrates ' Court on Monday he was found guilty of sending a threatening message despite testifying that it never occurred to him that anyone would take the " innocuous hyperbole " in his message as serious .
Chambers was ordered to pay a £ 385 fine and £ 600 costs by district judge Jonathan Bennett , The Telegraph reports .
An update on Chambers ' @pauljchambers Twitter account blames prosecutors for bringing the case .
" I 'd like to thank the CPS for their level - best efforts in fucking up the life of an ordinary citizen .
I love Britain . "
Chambers went on to suggest he was considering an appeal . ®
Kyuukyuu Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Canada 6262 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-28 20:12:32 #
1
For For Flash ( 10 )
: Although this final is very evenly matched , I personally hope Flash can win .
During the OSL finals , I joked with Flash in the chat about how he should go easy on me and let me win one of the two titles .
It 'd be great if it actually happened and Flash won the other title .
: I think Flash will win 3 - 2 , the maps are very good for Terran .
: I was originally going to predict Jaedong , but after watching Flash lose the OSL finals , I think he will have a much stronger mindset going into the match .
I believe Flash will win the MSL .
: It 's probable that Flash wins 3 - 0 .
Since he has the kind of personality where he will come back stronger than ever after losing , the OSL loss should have invigorated him .
: I think Flash will probably win 3 - 2 .
Both the first and fifth sets are on Triathlon , where Terran has a lot of room for strategic plays [ T/N : Okay that 's just an educated guess , if someone could clear that up that would be great >< ] , so I think Flash is favoured .
Even though Jaedong is very strong , the maps give an advantage to Flash .
: I 'm not sure why , but I always think Flash will win .
Last time in the NATE MSL Flash should 've been able to win , but Jaedong won .
This time , however , it will be the opposite .
This time it's as if Jaedong should win , but in the end the champion will be Flash .
: Flash will win .
He lost last season , so this time he will prepare even harder .
: To be honest , this finals is very hard to predict , but Flash should have the better chance .
I think it will end up 3 - 1 or so .
It 's only because I 'm close with Flash that I 'm predicting / hoping he wins .
: Last time I predicted Jaedong would win , but this time I think Flash will win 3 - 1 .
Recently , Jaedong has been very strong , but Flash feels like he has been even stronger .
The maps are the kind that make Terrans secretly chuckle to themselves [ lol what ] , too .
The first and fifth sets are on Triathlon , and when I was practicing for the MSL this season I felt this map was very advantageous to Terran .
If it gets to the fifth set , it will definitely favour Flash .
: I predict Flash will win 3 - 2 .
The OSL loss will cause him to prepare even harder for this finals .
TL;DR : Triathlon
-----
For EffOrt :
Although this final is very evenly matched , I personally hope Flash can win .
During the OSL finals , I joked with Flash in the chat about how he should go easy on me and let me win one of the two titles .
It 'd be great if it actually happened and Flash won the other title .
sKyHigh : I think Flash will win 3 - 2 , the maps are very good for Terran .
Action : I was originally going to predict Jaedong , but after watching Flash lose the OSL finals , I think he will have a much stronger mindset going into the match .
I believe Flash will win the MSL .
fantasy :
It 's probable that Flash wins 3 - 0 .
Since he has the kind of personality where he will come back stronger than ever after losing , the OSL loss should have invigorated him .
ZerO : I think Flash will probably win 3 - 2 .
Both the first and fifth sets are on Triathlon , where Terran has a lot of room for strategic plays [ T/N : Okay that 's just an educated guess , if someone could clear that up that would be great > JangBi : I 'm not sure why , but I always think Flash will win .
Last time in the NATE MSL Flash should 've been able to win , but Jaedong won .
This time , however , it will be the opposite .
This time it's as if Jaedong should win , but in the end the champion will be Flash .
Shine :
Flash will win .
He lost last season , so this time he will prepare even harder .
Kal :
To be honest , this finals is very hard to predict , but Flash should have the better chance .
I think it will end up 3 - 1 or so .
It 's only because I 'm close with Flash that I 'm predicting / hoping he wins .
HyuN : Last time I predicted Jaedong would win , but this time I think Flash will win 3 - 1 .
Recently , Jaedong has been very strong , but Flash feels like he has been even stronger .
The maps are the kind that make Terrans secretly chuckle to themselves [ lol what ] , too .
The first and fifth sets are on Triathlon , and when I was practicing for the MSL this season I felt this map was very advantageous to Terran .
If it gets to the fifth set , it will definitely favour Flash .
Horang2 : I predict Flash will win 3 - 2 .
The OSL loss will cause him to prepare even harder for this finals .
TL;DR : Triathlon ----- For Jaedong ( 14 ) :
: Jaedong should be able to win .
Last time in the Nate MSL finals , under similar circumstances of the maps being unfavoured for him , he was still able to win 3 - 1 .
This season 's maps are much better than last 's for Zerg , so I predict Jaedong to win .
: Jaedong will win the championship unconditionally , 3 - 1 .
: I think regardless of who wins the score will be 3 - 2 .
In the end I think the victor will be Jaedong .
Jaedong is playing even better now , his series play is impeccable and he is very strong at the psychological aspect too .
A focused Jaedong can be very scary .
: I think Jaedong will win .
Of the two finalists , Jaedong 's force is stronger .
: Jaedong will win , he excels at this kind of situation .
His play in BoX series is amazing .
: Jaedong should win the championship .
Flash has had to prepare for both the MSL and OSL dual finals on a tight schedule , which requires a lot of focus and energy .
But Jaedong only needs to concentrate on the MSL , so he will have an advantage in the finals .
: Jaedong will probably win 3 - 1 or 3 - 2 .
From my perspective , Jaedong feels as though he is more outstanding ...
< 3 : I predict Jaedong can win the championship .
Flash beat me to reach the finals , so we can't have him winning ( laughs ) .
Plus , if Jaedong can win , then both league champions will be Zergs , so next season 's maps will become more favourable for Protoss .
If Jaedong wins I think the score will be 3 - 2 , but if he loses it will be 0 - 3 .
[ T/N : Free is such a baller ]
: Last season , Jaedong already defeated Flash , yet from this season 's standpoint , Jaedong has gotten even stronger .
He 's also scary good at BoX series play .
The score will be 3 - 1 or 3 - 2 .
: Jaedong wins 3 - 2 . Flash lost the finals recently , which will have an impact on his mindset , while Jaedong is the exact opposite , having undergone a revival in May , so I think Jaedong is the favourite to win .
: Jaedong 3 - 1. Recently Jaedong has been doing very well in ZvT , and will show Flash his strength .
Meanwhile , Flash 's loss in the OSL must have impacted his mindset .
: It 's difficult for me to give a specific reason , but I have the feeling Jaedong will win .
: I think Jaedong will win this time , but not as easily as last season .
After watching the Flash vs. Eff
Ort finals , I felt he was holding back a little .
It looks as though he will reveal all of his preparations against Jaedong .
I think the final score will be 3 - 2 : Triathlon will not affect Jaedong at all .
TL;DR : Jaedong is good at BoX .
Flash just lost the OSL .
----------
50/50 ( 4 ) : I 'm just going to translate these briefly because they 're all just fence - sitting and saying mostly the same things D :
: I think it 's 50:50 because Flash and Jaedong are both extremely good players .
To choose who is better in this situation is difficult .
: Last time in the Nate MSL I thought Flash would win , but this season I think it 'll be close .
Jaedong has been playing very strongly but Flash 's recent performance has been exceptional too , so it 's difficult to choose .
: The maps are Terran - favoured , if Flash can win the first set then he can win the series .
But if Jaedong wins the first set , he will win the rest of the series overwhelmingly .
The first set is very important .
Triathlon appears in the first and fifth sets , so if it gets to the deciding set Flash should be able to win .
[ T/N : Does n't seem very 50 / 50 to me ]
: I really do n't know , only that it will be epic .
Originally , if Flash had been able to win the OSL , then he would have the psychological advantage for the MSL , but since he lost , it may have damaged his mindset .
On the other hand , Jaedong has had very good momentum , so the outcome of this finals is very hard to predict
----------
Wow that was mind - bogglingly boring to translate haha T_T .
First time translating , if anybody finds corrections or whatnot I 'll make them , I 'm sure I made a bunch since my Chinese is n't all that amazing ^_^ ;
And for possible future reference , how the hell do you translate 气势 , CSheep / other Chinese translators ?
edit :
By the way , it 's totally cute how the Chinese interviews maintain the " seonsu " after everybody 's names
Translated from Chinese @
Original Korean @ Stork : Jaedong should be able to win .
Last time in the Nate MSL finals , under similar circumstances of the maps being unfavoured for him , he was still able to win 3 - 1 .
This season 's maps are much better than last 's for Zerg , so I predict Jaedong to win .
Juni : Jaedong will win the championship unconditionally , 3 - 1. NaDa : I think regardless of who wins the score will be 3 - 2 .
In the end I think the victor will be Jaedong .
Jaedong is playing even better now , his series play is impeccable and he is very strong at the psychological aspect too .
A focused Jaedong can be very scary .
Mind : I think Jaedong will win .
Of the two finalists , Jaedong 's force is stronger .
RorO : Jaedong will win , he excels at this kind of situation .
His play in BoX series is amazing .
BaBy : Jaedong should win the championship .
Flash has had to prepare for both the MSL and OSL dual finals on a tight schedule , which requires a lot of focus and energy .
But Jaedong only needs to concentrate on the MSL , so he will have an advantage in the finals .
Movie : Jaedong will probably win 3 - 1 or 3 - 2 .
From my perspective , Jaedong feels as though he is more outstanding ... free < 3 : I predict Jaedong can win the championship .
Flash beat me to reach the finals , so we can't have him winning ( laughs ) .
Plus , if Jaedong can win , then both league champions will be Zergs , so next season 's maps will become more favourable for Protoss .
If Jaedong wins I think the score will be 3 - 2 , but if he loses it will be 0 - 3 .
[ T/N : Free is such a baller ]
Really : Last season , Jaedong already defeated Flash , yet from this season 's standpoint , Jaedong has gotten even stronger .
He 's also scary good at BoX series play .
The score will be 3 - 1 or 3 - 2 .
BeSt : Jaedong wins 3 - 2 . Flash lost the finals recently , which will have an impact on his mindset , while Jaedong is the exact opposite , having undergone a revival in May , so I think Jaedong is the favourite to win .
Bisu : Jaedong 3 - 1. Recently Jaedong has been doing very well in ZvT , and will show Flash his strength .
Meanwhile , Flash 's loss in the OSL must have impacted his mindset .
Calm :
It 's difficult for me to give a specific reason , but I have the feeling Jaedong will win .
Light : I think Jaedong will win this time , but not as easily as last season .
After watching the Flash vs. Eff
Ort finals , I felt he was holding back a little .
It looks as though he will reveal all of his preparations against Jaedong .
I think the final score will be 3 - 2 : Triathlon will not affect Jaedong at all .
TL;DR : Jaedong is good at BoX .
Flash just lost the OSL .----------50/50 ( 4 ) : I 'm just going to translate these briefly because they 're all just fence - sitting and saying mostly the same things D : Midas : I think it 's 50:50 because Flash and Jaedong are both extremely good players .
To choose who is better in this situation is difficult .
Kwanro :
Last time in the Nate MSL I thought Flash would win , but this season I think it 'll be close .
Jaedong has been playing very strongly but Flash 's recent performance has been exceptional too , so it 's difficult to choose .
Sea :
The maps are Terran - favoured , if Flash can win the first set then he can win the series .
But if Jaedong wins the first set , he will win the rest of the series overwhelmingly .
The first set is very important .
Triathlon appears in the first and fifth sets , so if it gets to the deciding set Flash should be able to win .
[ T/N : Does n't seem very 50 /50 to me ]
Leta :
I really do n't know , only that it will be epic .
Originally , if Flash had been able to win the OSL , then he would have the psychological advantage for the MSL , but since he lost , it may have damaged his mindset .
On the other hand , Jaedong has had very good momentum , so the outcome of this finals is very hard to predict ---------- Wow that was mind - bogglingly boring to translate haha T_T .
First time translating , if anybody finds corrections or whatnot I 'll make them , I 'm sure I made a bunch since my Chinese is n't all that amazing ^_^ ; And for possible future reference , how the hell do you translate 气势 , CSheep / other Chinese translators?edit :
By the way , it 's totally cute how the Chinese interviews maintain the " seonsu " after everybody 's names Translated from Chinese @ http://www.playsc.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=199908
Original Korean @ www.fomos.co.kr
Combining the web and TV in an orgy of awesome , today at I / O 2010 , Google announced Google TV .
With the goal of mashing together the web and TV without accepting compromise , Google is hoping to let people take advantage of the biggest and best screen in their house .
Check out all of the features after the jump !
We promise it ’s awesome .
The Quick Search box lets you search both TV and the web at once .
If you see a show you love , you can record it if your Google TV is hooked up to a DVR .
If what you want is n’t on TV , you ’ll be able to purchase if from places like Amazon or Hulu .
As Google puts it , “ the transition from TV to web is seamless . ”
For the times you are n’t sure what you want to browse , hit up the home screen and then check out Google ’s suggestions based upon what you ’ve watched before .
You can access any videos the web has to offer , all from the comfort of your living room .
But it ’s not all about YouTube …
You can bookmark your favorite sites and dive straight into your favorite content .
Missed something important like the State of the Union Address ?
Just look it up with Quick Search and watch it at your leisure .
Sports fans will love Google TV .
You can check out box scores , monitor your fantasy league , etc .
While you ’re watching the game , you can keep track of the box score thanks to picture - in - picture .
You can also check out what people are saying about American Idol contestants on Twitter while watching the show ( not that we ’re suggesting you hip cats actually watch AI … )
Since every advertiser has a website , ads can now be more interactive .
Bookmarks are n’t limited to website .
You can bookmark your favorite TV channel .
Google says Google TV is awesome for photo sites like flickr , as well as streaming music sites like Pandora .
If you ’re worried that your set - up wo n’t play nice with Google TV , Google says worry not .
All you need is Wi-Fi or an ethernet cable and a HDMI cable to hook up your Google TV box your cable box / PVR .
Google TV boxes come standard with a keyboard .
This keyboard comes and “ pointing devices . ”
You can use a built - in mic that lets you search by voice .
You can also control Google TV with your smartphone .
If you ’re watching something on your Android smartphone , you can shoot it straight to your TV and watch it from there if you ’re suffering from eye - strain .
Google TV runs on Chrome , Flash and Android .
You will be able to search and run your favorite Android apps on Google TV .
You can push apps to Google TV from your computer .
Developers will be given web app and Android app frameworks .
This means developers will be able to optimize their websites and apps for a “ great Google TV experience . ”
As for YouTube Lean Back , friends can push their favorite videos to your Google TV for you to check out .
When new videos are uploaded to channels you subscribe to , they ’ll automatically be downloaded to your Google TV .
If they chose , sites will be able to allow users to record content straight to their PVR .
Developers will be able to syndicate search results into the Quick Search bar to search within apps .
Sony will be launching a full line of TVs with integrated Blu-ray players .
They will be powered by Intel .
Logitech will be offering a companion box .
It , too , is powered by Intel .
Google has teamed up with the Dish Network .
Dish subscribers will have their content “ seamlessly integrated ” into Google TV .
Best Buy will retail the Google TV devices .
Dying for a timeline ?
As of today , developers can begin to optimize their sites for Google TV .
In early 2011 , Google will launch the Android Market for Google TV , the Google TV SDK , and TV web APIs .
Then , finally , in summer of 2011 , Google TV will go open source .
Okay , folks , it ’s now Q&A time .
We highly doubt we ’ll learn anything Earth - shattering , so please excuse us if the updates die off here .
Before we go …
Anyone think Google TV will still be with us in a few year ’s time ?
UPDATE : Here ’s the customary introductory video from Google .
When the federal government approved the Cape Wind project in April , allowing 130 power - generating turbines to be placed in the waters off Cape Cod , it gave a significant boost to the prospects of wind energy .
The comparatively high costs of wind power , however , remain a problem .
But in a study , MIT researchers have concluded that some of the price problems associated with wind power can be remedied right now , given a couple of changes to the electricity grid .
“ Everyone knows advances in technology are critical for more widespread use of clean energy , but effective operations are also vital for profitability and can help us take advantage of current opportunities , ” says Jarrod Goentzel , director of the MEng in Logistics ( MLOG ) program at MIT ’s Center for Transportation and Logistics ( CTL ) , who helped direct the study .
“ Obviously without good technology we wo n’t get there , but we will get there sooner by operating the technology in a more efficient way .
” A key insight of the study is that wind ’s apparent drawbacks as a power source — it only blows intermittently , and in many places blows harder at night than during the day — could actually be used to the advantage of power companies , with one condition .
If power grids were equipped with large storage batteries that are commercially available right now , placed near urban areas , they could accumulate energy via wind power during off - peak night hours , then discharge the saved power during peak afternoon hours ( when people have their air - conditioning on during the summer , for instance ) .
That would make economic sense for the power - grid operators , which pay higher rates to generators during peak hours , while keeping consumer prices intact .
“ With existing battery technology and realistic costs , we wanted to see if it is possible to take advantage of market dynamics to make wind power profitable now , ” says Goentzel .
He and his colleagues combined information about leading - edge grid - scale batteries with two years of historical data on wind speeds , utility prices and consumer electricity use throughout New England .
For power companies , Goentzel says , wind can work , but “ it comes down to how you manage the battery :
When you charge , when you discharge and where you locate it .
” The MIT study began as a piece of research in the 2008 - 09 academic year by two MLOG students , Prashant Saran and Clayton Siegert , whom Goentzel supervised .
Now the paper , “ Economic Analysis of Wind Plant and Battery Storage Operation using Supply Chain Management Techniques , ” has been accepted for presentation at the July 2010 IEEE Power Engineering Society General Meeting , in Minneapolis .
In New England , retail electricity prices in February 2010 averaged 16.3 cents per kilowatt - hour ( a standard industry measure ) , according to the Department of Energy .
The Cape Wind project is slated to begin selling wholesale electricity to National Grid , a utility firm , at 20.7 cents per kilowatt - hour .
In general , however , the cost of wind energy depends on wind speed , location — onshore turbines generate cheaper power than offshore machines , due to installation expenses — and other factors like transmission costs .
Nationally , according to the American Wind Energy Association , a trade group , wind costs a wholesale price of 4.8 cents per kilowatt - hour with wind speeds of around 16 miles per hour , and 2.6 cents per kilowatt - hour at about 21 miles per hour .
( This factors in the federal government ’s renewable energy production tax credit , worth 2.1 cents per kilowatt - hour . )
To calculate costs , the MIT team first received detailed data about current and next - generation products from officials at two companies that build large - scale modular batteries suitable for grid use ( the firms asked for anonymity ) .
Then , after scrutinizing the historical data , the researchers noticed something that could make wind power feasible :
In all locations , electricity prices vary between peak and off - peak hours , but the spread is greater in heavily populated areas , like Boston , Providence or southern Connecticut .
Yet because of civic politics , notes Siegert , “ Wind plants are located further away from where the demand is . ”
People tend not to want windmills spoiling the view from their windows .
To turn wind power into affordable electricity , then , the key is to connect rural wind farms to power - storage devices near cities , rather than locating storage devices near wind farms .
“ If you put batteries in upstate Maine , yeah , you ’re going to get lower prices at night and higher prices during the day , but the difference is not as extreme as in the area around Greenwich or Cos Cob , Connecticut , ” observes Siegert .
“ So if you look strategically at where to place grid - scale batteries , there are huge arbitrage opportunities in some locations .
” To see if wind power would fit into a profitable power - delivery model , the researchers built a Monte Carlo simulation model of the grid , plugged in a rich set of data on weather patterns and market prices , and then examined the expected profits .
The two types of large batteries in the model cost $ 144 million and $ 60 million , respectively .
Given the current range of electricity prices , the researchers ’ conclusion is that the second type of battery would pay back its costs after 14 years of summer - level use ( when electricity consumption is higher ) and 32 years of winter - level use , and would have an operating life of 30 years .
The operating profit , they found , increases sharply when grid batteries charge and discharge dynamically throughout the day depending on conditions .
Other energy analysts have studied the battery concept while assuming operators would employ six - hour spans for charging at night and discharging during the day .
But consumer use fluctuates more rapidly than that ; an energy - delivery program with shorter charging and discharging periods would not only fit demand patterns more closely , but help extend battery life , too .
Moreover , adds , Goentzel , “ Any technological advances in batteries will only make the business case better .
” One additional policy qualification is needed to make the concept practical , adds Goentzel .
Grid operators pay pumped hydro - power facility owners in order to have backup power capacity ready at all times .
Applying the same concept to battery - stored power would give businesses incentive to invest in wind farms .
“ Installed capacity payments are important in making large - scale battery storage viable , ” acknowledges Goentzel , “ But it ’s not some kind of special green energy subsidy , it would just require extending the current policy for pumped hydro to batteries .
” “ Having additional energy - storage resources on the grid could potentially improve the economic viability of wind resources in any part of the country , assuming the economic viability of energy storage itself , ” says Chris Namovicz , a long - term renewable - energy forecasting expert at the federal government ’s Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) , in response to e-mailed questions .
If large - scale batteries are a profitable investment for energy - delivery companies , then , and can be operated in a way that fits the characteristics of wind power , the final question is how much room there is for wind power to grow .
The offshore areas of Massachusetts are the windiest in the state .
On dry land , New England ’s largest contiguous windy area is Eastern Maine .
Namovicz says the EIA projects that as much as 8,500 megawatts of wind energy — enough to power between 1.9 million and 2.6 million homes — is available in New England at economically viable prices .
The critical question the study has answered , Goentzel says , is that “ certain operational strategies can help profitably deploy battery storage at scale without special subsidies .
The concept is not limited to experimental projects , like putting a small battery on a wind - farm site . ”
The rising smoke plume from the burning oil rig off the Gulf of Mexico can be seen from space .
The smoke drifting from an oil rig that exploded in the Gulf of Mexico earlier this week has been photographed from space by a NASA satellite .
On April 20 , 2010 , an oil rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico left a dozen workers missing and several more critically injured and started a large fire that was churning out smoke days later .
The image showing the plume of smoke billowing from the rig also includes the Gulf Coast and near - shore waters .
It was captured by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Aqua satellite on April 21 .
The oil platform appears as a white dot , and a fan of brown smoke extends to the southeast .
In the same image , the Mississippi River Delta is speckled with clouds and outlined by a wide border of greenish - tan sediment .
Although photographs show that the damaged rig was leaking oil , no oil slick is obvious in this image .
Oil slicks are notoriously difficult to spot in natural - color ( photo - like ) satellite imagery because a thin sheen of oil only slightly darkens the already dark blue background of the ocean .
Under unique viewing conditions , oil slicks can become visible in photo - like images , but usually , radar imagery is needed to clearly see a spill from space .
Global Research , May 28 , 2010
Mordechai Vanunu , the Israeli whistle - blower who first exposed the military nuclear program of the Zionist government , has been jailed again on May 23rd because of his attempts to contact the foreign media .
He had been released in April 2004 after having spent 18 years in prison , from September 1986 .
" I , M. VANUNU , WAS HIJACKED ON 30.9.86 AT 21.00 IN ROME , ITALY .
I GOT IN ROME ON 29.9.86 BA FLIGHT 504 "
This is the message that Mordechai Vanunu wrote in felt tip on his hand , and showed to photographers , journalists , cameramen and whoever was standing outside the vehicle of the Israeli team in charge of bringing him back to Israel with a ship that was going to sail from La Spezia .
The day after his arrival in Rome from London , with the company of " Cindy " , a Mossad agent who , in the plot , played the role of his romantic other half , Vanunu was drugged , kidnapped and arrested by the Israeli secret services that , in Italy , could rely on the wide support and collaboration of both the national government and the local secret services .
Even prior to Vanunu 's revelations in 1986 about Israel 's nuclear program , many were already wondering who had provided such technology to Israel , who had given them the uranium and where their bombs were made .
The positions of their nuclear arsenals , the activities in the super - secret chemical and biological labs , the nuclear power station of " Dimona " in the Negev desert were all strictly no - no topics for both Israeli and foreign media .
It 's in Dimona station that Mordechai Vanunu worked and learned that " Israel had developed between one hundred and two hundred atomic bombs [ in 1986 ! ] and had gone on to develop neutron bombs and thermonuclear weapons .
Enough to destroy the entire Middle East and nobody has done anything about it since . "
Peter Hounam , 2003 for the BBC [ 1 ]
After taking the photos he needed in order to expose Israel 's nuclear weapons , Vanunu fled to Australia to meet media tycoon Robert Maxwell , unaware that the same Maxwell will have alerted the Australian secret services that called Tel Aviv straight away .
The order to find " the traitor " and bring him back to Israel came directly from the top , the then prime minister Shimon Peres , father of Israeli nuclear power .
Vanunu knew he was ploughing a lonely furrow , but nevertheless he made his way to London to speak to Sunday Times reporters , willing to publish his story and photos .
If Vanunu had stayed in London , the Mossad would have had troubles in arresting him ( or killing him , as was the initial plan ) , first of all because the Sunday Times was already in possession of Vanunu 's material and they were certainly going to publish it , but also because a murder in British territory would have created an awkward situation between Israel and London .
Having decided to bring about the arrest outside the UK borders , the aptest country the Mossad could think about was Italy , due to its government 's unconditional support to whatever unlawful operations the Zionist secret services were carrying out , no matter how much of the national independence and sovereignty it had to be sacrificed .
Hence the plan involving " Cindy " aimed at luring him in Rome .
The Italian support to Mossad activities and Israel 's policies , both within the national borders and in Palestine , had started in the very aftermath of World War II , when one of Mossad 's collaborators in Italy , Ada Sereni , convinced the then Italian premier Alcide De Gasperi to engage in such backing and in the promise to turn a blind eye on their activities in the country .
The reasons why Italy would have benefited from this kind of collaboration , according to Ada Sereni , were mainly two : first of all the fact that a too strong Arab influence in the Middle East was to be averted , and they ( the future zionist State ) would have managed to contain it ; secondly , the Jewish refugees she had contributed to make illegally emigrate to Palestine would have returned straight away , and Italy had no interest in having them back . [ 2 ]
The outcome of this conversation will have been a government incapable of claiming its legitimate sovereignty in its own territory , and Israel 's secret services granted with the power to execute any activity they wanted in a foreign country .
In the case of Vanunu 's kidnapping , the Mossad deemed Italy the best theater because France and Germany could have caused diplomatic crisis , and Britain did n't want to make waves in its national territory .
The Israeli secret services knew that the Italian establishment , having already allowed CIA anti-communist and anti-democratic policies , would have turned a blind eye on any unlawful acts they were going to bring about .
Due to the circulation in the media all over the world of the photo of Vanunu 's message written on his hand at the moment of his kidnapping , it was impossible to keep pretending nothing had happened .
This is why Italian judge Domenico Sica opened a file on the case of the " alleged kidnapping " , and closed it almost immediately with the inconsistent excuse that Vanunu was not a traitor but actually a Mossad agent who orchestrated the whole affair in order to divert the attention from the real situation of Israel 's nuclear weapons program .
Many parliamentary questions were invoked on how Mordechai Vanunu could have been kidnapped on Italian soil , and some of the national MPs demanded a proper investigation on the responsibilities of the government that allowed the Mossad to act in absolute disrespect of national and international legislation .
On October 6th 1999 , admiral Fulvio Martini , former head of the SISMI , Italian secret services , was questioned within the investigations of the Parliamentary Commission on terrorism in Italy , and admitted he had no possibility to know what the Mossad was doing in the country , nor if they had killed anybody within the national borders . [ 3 ]
At this juncture , it 's legitimate to wonder if the Italian secret services were consciously breaching the national laws helping the Mossad and covering its illegal actions , or if they were very incompetent .
Angela Corrias is an Italian freelance journalist .
She regularly updates her blog Global Reporting ( http://angelacorrias.blogspot.com)
Notes
[ 1 ] Fleming Eileen , Email From And More About Mordechai Vanunu , May 23rd 2010 http://countercurrents.org/fleming230510.htm
[ 2 ] Salerno Eric , Mossad base Italia , Le azioni , gli intrighi , le verit� nascoste , il Saggiatore , Milano 2010 , p. 24
[ 3 ] Salerno Eric , Mossad base Italia , Le azioni , gli intrighi , le verit� nascoste , il Saggiatore , Milano 2010 , p. 221
Exposure to chemicals used in the manufacture of non-stick surfaces has been linked to an increased rate of thyroid disease .
But experts warn more research is needed to confirm whether the chemicals are the cause of the increased rate .
Perfluorooctanoic acid ( PFOA ) and perfluorooctanoic sulfonate ( PFOS ) are used in the manufacture of non-stick coating and water - repellent textiles .
But the use of these chemicals has been phased out by most countries after research linked PFOA to increased incidence of thyroid problems in animals .
A new study , which appears in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives , is the first to observe a link in humans .
Led by Professor Tamara Galloway , of the University of Exeter , the researchers looked at blood samples from 3966 adults aged 20 years and older from a US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention survey .
The survey found people with higher concentrations of PFOA in their blood have higher rates of thyroid disease .
The researchers found that individuals whose PFOA concentrations in the highest 25 per cent were more than twice as likely to report thyroid disease than those in the lowest 50 per cent .
They also found that 16 per cent of women in the top quarter had the disease compared with 8 per cent in the bottom quarter .
" We have pretty strong statistical evidence of an association between blood levels in people and the reporting of having thyroid disease , " says co-author Dr David Melzer .
But he adds , " as in any study of this sort , we can't be sure that it is causal - there could be other explanations . "
Previous research has shown that low levels of PFOA appear in most people 's blood , but how it gets into the bloodstream is not clear .
Researchers believe it could be through contaminated water and food .
People may also be exposed to the chemical from consumer goods such as textiles , footwear , furniture , and carpets , which can contaminate indoor air and dust .
More research needed
Professor Chris Winder , a toxicologist at the University of New South Wales , says the study highlights the need for more research into the effects of plastics , particularly those which were once considered safe .
" Thyroid disease is fairly common and a small increase may not be significant , " he says .
" However , it points to another health problem of plastics that requires close study , and possible reconsideration of the use of this chemical in plastics manufacture . "
But the Professor Brian Priestly , the director of the Australian Centre for Human Health Risk Assessment at Monash University in Melbourne , says the link indentified in the study should not be interpreted as PFOA causing thyroid disease .
" It was not possible to determine the nature of the thyroid disease , which can include either increased or decreased thyroid function associated with quite different mechanisms , " he said .
" While the findings merit further study , including further exploration of biologically plausible mechanisms , they do not definitively prove that PFOA or PFOS exposures cause thyroid disease in humans . "
The study comes one week after a Taiwanese study , published in the American Journal of Gastroenterology , found people with higher levels of PFOA in their blood had increased liver enzyme levels , which could lead to diseases such as hepatitis and cirrhosis .
Goal.com looks at the best and worst performers from the Champions League final ...
Inter were crowned champions of Europe and claimed a historic treble with a 2 - 0 victory over Bayern Munich at the Santiago Bernabeu in Madrid , Spain .
The scintillating Diego Milito scored in each half to end the Nerazzurri's 45 - year drought in the competition .
The Bavarians had the lion ’s share of possession but could not beat Julio Cesar who was rock solid in between the posts tonight .
As always , there were tops and flops from this match .
Goal.com takes a look …
TOPS
Diego Milito ( Inter )
The Argentine striker has led the line in emphatic fashion for the Nerazzurri all season long and silenced his critics who thought he could n’t score regularly for a big club .
He produced a breathtaking performance tonight and his second goal will be etched in the minds of Interistas for generations to come .
' The Prince ' will be anointed a king in the blue half of Milan tonight .
Wesley Sneijder ( Inter )
Returned to his old stomping ground and showed the locals what they have been missing this season .
The Dutchman is the engine that powers the Nerazzurri forward and he set up Milito ’s first goal with a deft through ball .
He is a huge reason why Inter is the toast of Europe tonight .
Arjen Robben ( Bayern Munich )
The Bavarians would have been eliminated ages ago if not for the heroics of the Dutch winger .
His performances inspired F.C. Hollywood to reach the CL final and he torched Chivu on countless occasions tonight and had a curling shot beaten away by Julio Cesar that would have brought the match on to level terms at that point .
Walter Samuel ( Inter )
' The Wall ' has been impenetrable this season and the tough as nails defender has forced his way into Diego Maradona 's World Cup squad .
He marshalled the back line with the zeal of a four - star general tonight and made a vital block in the second half to protect his side 's one goal lead at the time .
FLOPS
Ivica Olic ( Bayern Munich )
The tireless Croatian forward bagged seven goals in the tournament , scoring in such crucial encounters against Juventus , Manchester United and Lyon but was a no - show tonight .
A feeble attempt inside 10 minutes was all the striker could muster as Bayern was n’t able to beat Julio Cesar and crashed to defeat .
Cristian Chivu ( Inter )
It seems as if the Bernabeu stage was a bit too big for the Romanian defender .
His versatility is extremely useful to the squad but he looked out of his depth tonight .
He had all sorts of problems trying to stop Robben on the wing and was eventually substituted in the second half .
Daniel Van Buyten ( Bayern Munich )
The towering defender was grounded tonight by the nimble Milito whose intelligent runs baffled the big man .
The Belgian centre - back was also forced to pick up his shorts up off the Bernabeu turf after the Inter striker turned him inside out before putting away the back - breaking goal that effectively ended the match .
Become a fan of Goal.com International on Facebook !
Just click onto Facebook.com / Goal to join the beautiful game 's leading fan community ...
Editor 's note : Chandra Bhatnagar is an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union 's Human Rights Program and principal author of " The Persistence of Racial and Ethnic Profiling in the United States , " recently submitted to the U.N. Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination .
( CNN ) --
On the heels of the passage of Arizona 's racial profiling law , tens of thousands of people from all over the country have marched in support of human rights and against the legislation .
That law , SB 1070 , requires Arizona law enforcement agents to determine the citizenship status of people they stop if the officer has an undefined " reasonable suspicion " that the person is not in this country lawfully .
The ACLU and a coalition of civil rights groups filed a lawsuit this week challenging the unconstitutional law .
There is little doubt among experts that the new Arizona law will lead to increased racial profiling .
Civil libertarians have criticized the law as a violation of basic constitutional rights because it transforms Arizona 's Latino community and other people of color -- who may be presumed by law enforcement officers to be in the country " unlawfully " -- into potential criminal suspects .
Constitutional scholars have criticized the legislation by invoking the supremacy clause of the U.S. Constitution , which prevents states from usurping the federal government 's authority to regulate immigration .
But what has been largely absent from the public debate about the legality and morality of SB 1070 is Arizona 's blatant violation of international human rights law , as underscored by several U.N. experts .
The law flies in the face of Arizona 's human rights obligations , particularly the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination ( ICERD ) , which the United States ratified in 1994 and which is binding on all levels of federal , state and local governments , including Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who signed the bill .
ICERD obligates federal , state and local governments to guarantee that laws and policies do not discriminate , in purpose or effect , on the grounds of race , color , descent or national or ethnic origin .
Under ICERD , all noncitizens , regardless of their immigration status , are entitled to equal protection and equality before the law .
Federal , state and local governments are barred from employing or carrying out racial or ethnic discrimination against individuals or communities .
The treaty states " each state party undertakes to engage in no act or practice of racial discrimination against persons , groups of persons or institutions and to ensure that all public authorities and public institutions , national and local , shall act in conformity with this obligation . "
Last summer , the ACLU and the Rights Working Group released a human rights report that compiled data from across the United States .
It revealed that law enforcement agencies investigate , stop , frisk or search racial minorities based upon subjective identity - based characteristics , rather than identifiable evidence of illegal activity .
The report found that racial profiling remains a pervasive problem around the country .
The report , which was submitted to the U.N. Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination ( CERD ) , highlighted profiling in 22 states .
In Arizona , it showed that African - American and Latino drivers were 2.5 times more likely than white drivers to be searched after being stopped by the highway patrol .
Native American drivers were 3.25 times more likely to be searched , even though they were less likely to be found with contraband .
The report also documented the many human rights violations committed by the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office , under the direction of Joe Arpaio .
The office has received national and international attention for its practices of profiling and harassment of Latinos .
In early 2009 , Arpaio 's actions resulted in a Department of Justice investigation based on " alleged patterns or practices of discriminatory police practices and unconstitutional searches and seizures ... and on allegations of national origin discrimination . "
So SB 1070 exacerbates an already poor human rights record .
In September , the CERD committee sent a letter to the Obama administration conveying concerns about the lack of progress in addressing racial discrimination and urging it to pass the End Racial Profiling Act and end immigration programs that foster racial profiling .
Since that time , as evidenced by Arizona 's law , profiling has actually gotten worse .
Despite the language in the bill cited by proponents as evidence of its design to prevent profiling , there can be no doubt that SB 1070 invites law enforcement agents to stop people on the street based upon how they those people look , as opposed to any verifiable evidence of criminal activity , or , alternatively , to stop them for a legitimate reason and then demand their " papers " based on appearance or race .
It is inevitable that there will be an increase in racial profiling and harassment of minorities .
As a party to ICERD , the U.S. and the state of Arizona have a legal and moral obligation to end all programs and policies that disproportionately discriminate against racial or ethnic minorities .
At the state level , Arizona must repeal this discriminatory legislation .
At the federal level , the Obama administration should take legal action against Arizona to stop this law from taking effect in its entirety .
It is encouraging that Attorney General Eric Holder is considering all options , including bringing legal action against Arizona or joining lawsuits filed by other parties .
Congress must also take action to bring this country into conformity with both the Constitution and international human rights obligations by passing the End Racial Profiling Act .
This act would ban the practice of racial profiling by federal law enforcement agencies and provide federal funding to state and local police departments if they adopt policies to prohibit the practice .
Also , the United States should create a concrete program of action for full implementation of the treaty , making sure state governments are protecting and promoting human rights .
A concrete ICERD implementation plan would educate state and local officials , such as Brewer , about their legal obligations under U.S. treaties and international law and serve to educate the public , as well .
President Obama called Arizona 's law " misguided " and said that it " threatened to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as Americans , as well as the trust between police and their communities that is so crucial to keeping us safe . "
Recently , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stated that " Human rights are universal , but their experience is local .
This is why we are committed to holding everyone to the same standard , including ourselves . "
They have it right .
But words are not enough .
It is time for the U.S. government to match its human rights rhetoric with action and for our elected leaders to protect and defend the basic human rights of all people .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chandra Bhatnagar .
Starting today , we are making Google Wave openly available to everyone as part of Google Labs .
You no longer need an invitation to wave -- simply visit wave .
google.com and sign right in .
Likewise , if you are a Google Apps administrator at a business , school or organization , you can now easily enable Google Wave for all your users at no extra cost ( more on our Enterprise blog ) .
We began previewing Google Wave with individuals and a handful of Google Apps customers six months ago .
Since then ,
Wave has been used in a great many interesting ways .
It 's clear from the invaluable feedback we 've received that Wave is a great place to get work done , in particular for teams working together on projects that involve lots of discussion and close coordination .
Here are a few examples :
Business : Co-workers at companies large and small are using Wave , from writing software code at Lyn and Line and coordinating ad campaigns at Clear Channel Radio , to international project communications for Deloitte 's As One project .
Education : University students and professors worldwide have used waves within and beyond the classroom to collaborate on Latin poetry translations , write academic research papers and even build new functionality with Wave 's APIs .
An ICT teacher also enjoyed having her 5th - graders do their class research in Wave .
Creative collaboration : From virtual art classes to writing the Complete Guide to Google Wave itself , waves make it easier for groups to review and critique multimedia content like images and videos .
( We 've heard that Wave is fun for gaming , too . )
Organizations and conferences : The Debatewise Global Youth panel explored climate change across 100 countries and waves at eComm ( Emerging Communication Conference ) , LCA 2010 conference and HASTAC 2010 helped track speaking sessions .
We are using waves in the same manner at today 's Google I /O conference .
Journalism : Mashable used
Wave to interview journalists on the future of journalism , and The Seattle Times experimented with a public Wave to develop their Pulitzer Prize - winning news coverage .
And here 's a brief video to illustrate how groups can work together in Wave :
Posted by Stephanie Hannon , Product Manager , Google Wave Team
If you tried Google Wave out a while ago , and found it not quite ready for real use , now is a good time to come back for a second try .
Wave is much faster and much more stable than when we began the preview , and we have worked hard to make Wave easier to use .
For example , you can now get email notifications when waves change , easily navigate to unread parts of a wave , and remove participants added by mistake .
We have also added permission management options and an extensions gallery Today , we are also launching several improvements to the Wave APIs and open sourcing additional components for developers building their own Wave services .
Read more about these updates on our developer blog Wave on !
Lucid Dreamers — check out this new edition of the Lucid Dreaming Experience magazine .
Some fascinating articles , reader submitted lucid dreams and more !
– Robert Waggoner
THEME FOR OUR DECEMBER 2020 ISSUE :
Night Classes
Are you a musician , athlete , artist ?
Do you enjoy learning new things about history , science , archeology , or some other specific area of study ?
When you go to sleep , does your training or education continue in your dreams ?
Or do you have lucid dreams in which you learn or train for activities that you do n’t pursue in waking life ?
Where do you learn ?
Do you find yourself in school or university settings , gyms or clubs , art studios or museums ?
Who are your teachers , trainers , coaches , or mentors ?
How do you interact with them in your lucid dreams ?
Or are you the teacher trainer , coach , or mentor ?
If so , who and what are you teaching ?
SUBMISSIONS DEADLINE : NOVEMBER 15 , 2020
LDE is eager to hear your thoughts , ideas , and lucid dream experiences you ’ve had when engaging the awareness behind your dream .
Please submit your lucid dreams , articles , and / or suggestions on this theme to LDE via our website www.luciddreammagazine.com
Submit your lucid dreams by clicking here
The magazine , Lucid Dreaming Experience , seeks to educate , inform and inspire lucid dreamers by exploring lucid dream techniques , sharing lucid dreams and discussing the potentials of lucid dreaming .
How can you help ?
Submit your lucid dream for publication
Tell your friends about recent LDE interviews or articles
Write an article for publication
Like Us on Facebook , Tweet us on Twitter
Become a better , more knowledgeable lucid dreamer
♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦
LUCID DREAMING TOPICS
Upgrading the system is one of the very common tasks a Linux Administrator usually do .
One can easily update the system with Yum or apt - get commands but the main problem which everyone faces is to reboot the system after a kernel upgrade .
This comes out to be a big problem for small organizations , where one do n’t have High Availability setup and ca n’t afford to reboot the system because of the upgrade .
Since reboots are disruptive , many system administrators delay the update of there patches and makes their system vulnerable to attacks .
Below given is the frequency of reboots needed in the last year for respective flavors of linux .
Reboots required for kernel updates by major Linux distributions , 2009 – present
Ksplice is a third party tool which allows you to go rebootless with upgrading your kernel as soon as a new patch is released .
The technology behind this is pretty cool but that is not something which i will be explaining below , but will be showing how to configure / install Ksplice ( for RHEL machine ) .
If you would like to read about the details , please visit their website Ksplice.com .
Few of the features of Ksplice which you will really like are :
Hassle free setup – Unlike other third party tools , this is very simple to install and configure , and your system will be ready to go reboot - less in no time .
Virtualization ready – Update systems in any virtualization environment , including VMware , Virtuozzo , and Xen–both as hosts and guests which really matters in present world .
Rollback capability – Instantly reverse any update to the Linux kernel and that also without any reboots .
Web management tool – Check whether all of your systems are up to date , in just one window of your browser .
Secure infrastructure – Ksplice Uptrack uses security best practices for preparing our software packages and rebootless updates .
All our software packages and rebootless updates are cryptographically signed .
Installation :
First step which you need to do before starting anything is to register with Ksplice .
After this you will get the access key which you will need later on .
Now install the RPM repo with the following command
# rpm -ivh https://www.ksplice.com/yum/uptrack/centos/ksplice-uptrack-release.noarch.rpm
The command above will install only repository for ksplice , nothing else .
To install the ksplice package , run this command
# yum -y install uptrack
Now open the “ /etc/uptrack/uptrack.conf ” file in your favorite editor ( vim in my case )
# vim /etc/uptrack/uptrack.conf
Update the file according to your needs .
Remember to update it with the access file you got on your e-mail .
accesskey = INPUT YOUR ACCESS KEY HERE [ Auth ] accesskey = [ Network ]
# Proxy to use when accessing the Uptrack server , of the form
# [ protocol ://][ : port ] #
The proxy must support making HTTPS connections .
If this is unset ,
# Uptrack will look for the https_proxy , HTTPS_PROXY , and http_proxy
# environment variables in that order , and then finally look for a
# proxy setting in the system - wide GConf database , if available .
https_proxy = [ Settings ]
# Automatically install updates at boot time .
If this is set , on
# reboot into the same kernel , Uptrack will re-install the same set of
# updates that were present before the reboot .
install_on_reboot = yes # Options configuring the Uptrack cron job .
#
# GUI users will get all notices via the GUI and likely want to set
# the following cron options to “ no ” .
# Cron job will install updates automatically
autoinstall = no #
Cron job will print a message when new updates are installed .
# This option is only relevant if autoinstall = yes
cron_output_install = no #
Cron job will print a message when new updates are available
cron_output_available = no #
Cron job will print a message when it encounters errors
cron_output_error = no
Apply the Updates :
Now you do n’t need to do much to update your system , simply running this command will do all the magic for you
# uptrack - upgrade -y
If you would like to see the updates which are currently installed , then use this
# uptrack - show -y
Usage :
Well , once installed , it ’s pretty much easy to use .
Some of the commands which you can use are
uptrack - upgrade – Bring your system up to date by installing the latest available updates .
uptrack - remove id – Removes the update with ID id .
If invoked with -- all , removes all installed updates .
uptrack - install id – Installs the update with ID id .
uptrack - show – Show a list of the updates that are currently installed .
Web status interface :
One of the very good things which i liked about this tool is that you have a web interface which you could use to monitor all your systems registered with this application .
Web interface to monitor all your system using this service
The image above shows that you can monitor all of your system with one single web interface .
Web interface to see the status of updates for specific system
In the above interface you can see all the status updates for your specific system .
Will show you all the information about the updates installed and currently in the queue .
FAQ’s :
1 . Do I still need to use my linux flavor update manager to install updates ?
Ans .
Yes , Ksplice will only provide the kernel and security updates which forces your system to reboot .
So , to keep your system up - to - date , you still need to run the update manager provided with your flavor .
2. Can I install my own customized kernel while Ksplice is installed ?
Ans .
Yes , you can install your own kernel package and reboot your system .
This will make your kernel active at the next reboot .
but you wo n’t be able to use the Ksplice reboot - less feature with this .
3 . Can I configure Ksplice Uptrack to install updates automatically ?
Ans .
Yes , you can enable the autoinstall option in /etc/ uptrack /uptrack.conf .
4 . How long will Ksplice Uptrack for Ubuntu Desktop be freely supported ?
Ans. Ksplice Uptrack for Ubuntu Desktop will be freely supported for the newest version of Ubuntu .
That means Ubuntu Lucid ( 10.04 ) will be freely supported unless a new version of Ubuntu ( 10.10 Meerkat ) is launched and after the launch of new version , that will be freely supported and support for Lucid will be revoked .
5. Will Ksplice work in Virtualized infrastructure ?
Ans .
Yes , Ksplice works very well with VMware , Xen , Virtuozzo or any other virtualized environment .
6 . What kinds of information do you collect from my computer ?
Ans .
To ensure that you get the latest updates that are right for your system , the Ksplice Uptrack software contacts our server system with limited information about your computer ’s kernel , including the version number of the Linux kernel that you are running .
Ksplice Uptrack also reports to us any errors encountered in the operating system kernel , to alert us in case one of our updates causes problems .
Lastly , so that the Ksplice Uptrack web interface can display to you which of your systems need updates , hostname and IP address information is reported to our server system .
7 . I have a HA ( High Availability ) Failover solution , do i still need Ksplice ?
Ans. HA is a lot different from Ksplice .
HA means 100 % uptime for your application , not for your server .
Ksplice is designed to give 100 % uptime to your machines .
Though you can easily combine these two technologies .
8 . Who all should be using Ksplice ?
Ans .
I would highly recommend this to the people having small architecture of machines and ca n’t afford the downtime to their services .
References :
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed !!!!
Real Food Does Taste Good
You do n't have to make a trade - off between tastes good and good for you .
Our chips are crafted using real ingredients you can actually pronounce , delivering your taste buds a wonderful crunch with flavors you 'll love .
Updated 05/17 : After a brief hiatus , the video is back .
It can take someone anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours to solve the Rubik 's Cube puzzle .
But a neat contraption built out of an Android powered Motorola Droid phone and a Lego Mindstorms NXT kit can whip the Cube into shape in just under 25 seconds .
Folks at ARM , whose architecture the Motorola Droid processor is based on , created the device and have called it the Speedcuber .
With the use of the yellow Lego pieces and the droid , the robot is extremely attractive .
But it 's not just about looks .
An Android App running on the Motorola Droid uses the phone 's camera to take pictures of each face of the cube and sends the solution to the Lego NXT controller via Bluetooth .
Check out the video above to see the cube twisted into the right configuration in seconds .
The Speedcuber was on display at the Embedded Systems conference that ended Wednesday .
See Also :
[ via Make ]
Video : Armflix
Why Don’t Political Philosophers Generate New Ideas For Governance ?
It ’s remarkable how unoriginal most political philosophers are .
In a design space that offers a multitude of possibilities , we find a lot of conflict over a handful of shopworn issues .
Many purportedly respectable philosophers spend whole careers on adding the tenth decimal place to already existing views .
How come there are so few bold philosophers ?
And how come so many tow the line rather predictably ?
The philosopher John Rawls is perhaps the most famous political philosopher of the last century .
And yet his most well - known ideas offer nothing new in the way of design .
Indeed , they are the most elaborate and sophisticated post - hoc rationalization for the welfare state to date .
His philosophy–and all its accoutrements , the “ veil ” and the “ difference principle “ –are nothing but an echo of the institutions and policies already put in place in the U.S. and elsewhere ( most notably , Sweden , the geographic lodestone for Rawls ’s disciples ) .
First came the New Deal , then came a Theory of Justice .
Not vice - versa .
This is odd to me–he is famous for offering a justification for old models , not for innovation .
It ’s as if Harvard decided to honor Walter Mossberg over Steve Jobs .
On the other hand , uneducated , illiterate pirates of the 18th and 17th century were better constitutional innovators than any of the philosophers of that period .
Why are we , as Nassim Taleb said in an EconTalk , better at acting and doing outside the box , rather than thinking outside of it ?
Take a look at this list of unsolved problems in philosophy .
You ’ll notice an absence .
Evidently all the hard problems in political philosophy have been answered .
The truth is that academic political philosophy is not about political philosophy .
It is about pleasing superiors .
Like other academics , political philosophers start out as undergraduates grubbing for grades .
Without creative thinking or ingenuity , they are rewarded for how well they can parrot and please their professors , the gatekeepers whose “ recommendations ” carry more weight than any other item in their grad school application .
As a career progresses , the filters of ideological conformity only strengthen , particularly all the worse for political philosophy , since there is no empirical check on its practitioner ’s biases .
Why propose an idea that might undermine your career ?
Better to discuss footnote 124 in the Theory of Justice .
Like the cops in the Wire , your overwhelming concern is the chain of command .
Instead of generating ideas about how to design better political systems that people may actually want to live in , you live year after year in peer review servility , obtaining credentialist pats on the head .
Writing on Elena Kagan ’s SCOTUS nomination , David Brooks similarly laments :
About a decade ago , one began to notice a profusion of Organization Kids at elite college campuses .
These were bright students who had been formed by the meritocratic system placed in front of them .
They had great grades , perfect teacher recommendations , broad extracurricular interests , admirable self - confidence and winning personalities .
If they had any flaw , it was that they often had a professional and strategic attitude toward life .
They were not intellectual risk - takers .
They regarded professors as bosses to be pleased rather than authorities to be challenged .
As one admissions director told me at the time , they were prudential rather than poetic …
I have to confess my first impression of Kagan is a lot like my first impression of many Organization Kids .
She seems to be smart , impressive and honest — and in her willingness to suppress so much of her mind for the sake of her career , kind of disturbing .
Universities are uni-bot replicators , even more so at their highest levels .
Political philosophers write and think to gain membership in an institution , not to design government rule - sets that people want to live under .
Academic political philosophy is so useless because it rarely creates something people want .
Which is why we should expect a market in governance to provide more innovation , more bold and new ideas in governance , than any university department could .
Markets are good at giving people what they want–a thought philosophers by nature will all recoil at .
But so much the worse for them !
HT IOZ
Click to viewHaving once been an oil skimmer himself , Bill Nye knows just as much about oil spills as he does about every other scientific topic .
So leave it to him to succinctly and simply explain the challenges of cleaning one up .
Advertisement
CNN recruited the science guy and former Giz contributor to take a look at some viewer - proposed solutions for cleaning up the oil spill and explain how effective they might be .
Nye , as he always does , makes the science here easy to understand without dumbing it down , and one of the things he imparts is that while there are many proven methods of cleaning up a spill , very few are scalable to a disaster of this magnitude .
Advertisement
A good deal of my science knowledge comes from watching Bill Nye as a kid , and it's a pleasure to see him around again to illuminate one of today 's most pressing scientific issues .
So anyway , Bill , what 's really the deal with climate change ?
[ BuzzFeed ]
TONY Abbott is under pressure to justify a claim to primary school students that it was considerably warmer when Jesus was alive than it is today .
The Opposition Leader urged year 5 and 6 students at Trinity Gardens Primary School in Adelaide to be sceptical about the human contribution to climate change , saying it was an open question .
During a question - and - answer session on Friday , Mr Abbott said that it was warmer ''at the time of Julius Caesar and Jesus of Nazareth ' ' than now .
Leading scientists said there was no evidence to suggest the globe was hotter 2000 years ago .
Australian Academy of Science president Kurt Lambeck said true scepticism was fine , but required looking at published data with an open mind .
'' To make these glib statements to school students , I think , is wrong , '' Professor Lambeck said .
DAKAR , Senegal , 17 May 2010 
A conference designed to find new ways to ensure that some 56 million children  most of them girls  do not miss out on their right to education opens in Senegal today .
The  Engendering Empowerment : Education and Equality  ( E4 ) conference on gender equality and education is being organized by the United Nations Girls ' Education Initiative ( UNGEI ) and marks the tenth anniversary of the UNGEI global partnership .
In the last decade , there has been progress in girls  education and many more girls and boys have been enrolled in schools worldwide .
Gender gaps have closed or are closing in most regions , including central and Eastern Europe , East Asia and Latin America .
But despite this progress , some 56 million children  over half of whom would be girls  could still be out of school in 2015 if current trends continue .
Many countries missed the 2005 Millennium Development Goal ( MDG ) benchmark and other international targets on education and gender parity .
More than two - thirds of the children not in school today live in sub-Saharan Africa and south and west Asia .
 At current rates of progress , 56 million lives will be blighted by lack of access to education in 2015 , and 56 million opportunities to promote economic development will have been missed ,  said Anthony Lake , UNICEF Executive Director .
 This conference aims to map a better future for children who are already marginalized and vulnerable and who may fall farther behind unless we can provide them with access to education . 
The conference brings together a global mix of more than 200 scholars , government representatives , civil society representatives and other development partners to examine how to improve childrens access to a classroom and so to a better life .
Poverty , violence , poor health and climate change often prevent girls from enrolling in school .
Poor educational quality keeps them from staying in school .
Various studies have shown that educated girls grow into agents of change for their families , economies , and societies .
Unleashing the potential of girls by providing them a quality education is a highly effective tool to address poverty , fight disease , and improve economies .
Additional funding of approximately US $ 16 billion annually is required to achieve universal primary education and meet education goals by 2015 , according to the latest Education for All Global Monitoring Report estimates .
Uncertainty about existing commitments is also inhibiting education planning in some countries most in need .
If the 2015 MDG targets of universal primary education and gender equality are to be met , then urgent action is needed now .
###
In addition to the UNICEF Executive Director and the Prime Minister of Senegal , speakers addressing the conference include the World Bank Director of Education , the Head of Education Indicators and Data Analysis at the UNESCO Institute of Statistics , and a panel of experts on violence against women and girls in post - conflict contexts .
Attn : Broadcasters : Video packages , B- roll and high resolution photographs will be available on www.thenewsmarket.com/unicef
About UNGEI :
The United Nations Girls Education Initiative ( UNGEI ) is a partnership of organizations committed to narrowing the gender gap in primary and secondary education .
It also seeks to ensure that , by 2015 , all children complete primary schooling , with girls and boys having equal access to free , quality education .
UNGEI was launched in April 2000 at the World Education Forum in Dakar , Senegal , by then United Nations Secretary - General Kofi Annan in response to a troubling reality :
Of the millions of children worldwide who were not in school , more than half were girls  a reality that continues today .
To read more about UNGEI , visit : www.ungei.org
For further information , please contact :
Martin Dawes , UNICEF Media , West and Central Africa , Tel : + 221 775 69 19 26 , mdawes@unicef.org
Gaelle Bausson , UNICEF Media , West and Central Africa , Tel : + 221 338 69 76 42 , gbausson@unicef.org
Shimali Senanayake , UNICEF Media , New York , Tel : + 1 917 265 4516 , ssenanayake@unicef.org
HAVANA , Cuba —
On this island of constant shortages and scarcities , the latex condom has uses that stretch far beyond the bedroom .
At baseball games , concerts and other entertainment events , Cubans blow them up and bat them around the crowd like beach balls .
When Cuban parents can’t afford birthday party balloons or can’t find them , they unfurl a few “ Vigor ” brand prophylactics and start puffing .
The latex is so strong and supple that kids can even draw faces on them .
MORE : " Yes , I collect penises "
Likewise , a casual visitor to the city should not be alarmed at the sight of ruptured sheaths littering Havana ’s streets in the summertime .
They ’re more likely to be the leftovers of a water balloon fight among neighborhood kids than a responsible encounter between adults .
FROM JAPAN : Nothing says springtime like penis and vagina festivals
Condom wrappers .
( Nick Miroff / GlobalPost )
The Cuban government sells the Chinese - made rubbers three - for - a - penny at pharmacies and snack bars , cheap enough for anyone to afford .
The island has shortages of just about everything else though , thanks to five decades of U.S. trade sanctions and a ruinous state - run economy .
It should come as no surprise , then , that enterprising Cubans have found all sorts of recreational and industrial applications for their condoms that have nothing to do with birth control .
FROM INDIA : Meet India 's first porn star
Love Guard is a common Chinese - made brand sold in Cuba . ( Nick Miroff / GlobalPost )
There are some whose livelihoods depend on the lubricated durability of the versatile little devices .
“ It ’s amazing how strong they are , ” said Michel Perez , a young fisherman along Havana ’s Malecon sea wall who had fashioned six inflated condoms into a large hexahedral shape that he held in the breeze over the water , like a kite .
A strand of fishing line with a baited hook was tied to the core of this contraceptive bouquet , and as soon as it hit the surface , the current began pulling the white , rubbery apparatus out to sea .
Cuban fisherman use condoms as floats .
( Nick Miroff / GlobalPost )
“ We use them a lot this time of year , during the snapper run , ” Perez explained , letting out his line from a homemade wooden spool .
With a good breeze , the floating condoms can carry the hook hundreds of meters out into deeper waters , far beyond casting distance , he said .
Not that Perez has a fishing rod anyway .
“ When the fish takes the hook , the line pulls free , ” he explained , “ and you start reeling in . ”
Fishing with condoms is easier at dusk — during the day the sun can burst the latex .
( Nick Miroff / GlobalPost )
Cuba ’s communist government is so paranoid about illegal departures to the United States that it strictly controls who can own or use boats , and Cubans who fashion crude watercraft out of scrap wood and Styrofoam face steep fines , or worse .
And so , living on an island but unable to have a boat , the fishermen use the cheap condoms to get them closer to the prized fish they would n’t be able to reach otherwise .
A good - sized red snapper may weigh six to 10 pounds and sell for $ 10 to $ 20 on Havana ’s black market .
In a country where the average wage is less than $ 20 a month , it ’s no wonder contraceptive sales surge during peak fishing periods .
Cuba ’s government - run stores and pharmacies do n’t ration the condoms or limit their purchase , but fishermen say they try not to overdo it .
It ’s OK to buy 10 or 15 at a time , they say , but not 100 .
The island has the lowest HIV rate in the hemisphere , according to the World Health Organization , and one reason is the ubiquitous availability of inexpensive prophylactics .
Cuba ’s public health programs promote safe sex and condom usage in public service announcements , and their heavily subsidized price indicates the government is committed to making sure condoms are available , even if their end use may not be epidemiological .
Some , for example , are emptied in the bathrooms of Cuba ’s most popular state - run bars and nightclubs .
Budget - minded Cuban men have learned to fill them with rum , like wineskins , and sneak them past the bouncers in their underwear .
Latex condoms can stretch to hold an entire bottle of rum .
( Nick Miroff / GlobalPost )
“ If you only have $ 7 and the club has a $ 5 entry fee , you do n’t have any money left over for drinks , ” said Felo , a 24 - year - old Havana resident .
“ So you pay the $ 5 , and once you ’re inside , you buy a can of cola for $ 1 .
You drink half , then go to the bathroom , open the condom , and pour the rum into the can . ”
“ It works great , ” he said .
“ As long as the condom does n’t break . ”
Overfilling increases the chance that the condom could break .
( Nick Miroff / GlobalPost )
Other uses are still more obscure .
Cuba ’s pigeon coop hobbyists like to clip the condoms into flexible rings they can use to tie messages to the legs of their messenger birds .
Makers of homemade Cuban moonshine — another lucrative black - market business here — use them as gauges on their distillery jugs .
They know the fermentation process is complete once the condom swells to a certain size .
Other Havana residents said they ’re useful for keeping their money dry when they go swimming at the beach .
A packet of three condoms costs the equivalent of one penny U.S. ( Nick Miroff / GlobalPost )
“ Do you know what the first condoms were made of ? ” Jose Luis Diaz quizzed his fishing buddies on a recent evening , near a trash - strewn river mouth in western Havana .
In the fading light , their floats looked like glowing little zeppelins , coasting along the surface of the darkening waters .
“ Pig intestines , ” Diaz said .
He ’d heard it on TV .
His friends winced .
Javier , a big , burly fisherman in flip - flops , opened a few fresh packets of Love Guard - brand condoms and baited a new line .
“ It ’s a matter of necessity , ” he said flatly , admitting he ’d rather use condoms out here than in the bedroom .
“ We ’re Cuban , so we have to come up with things that nobody ’s ever thought of . ”
The floating condoms can carry a baited line hundreds of meters offshore .
( Nick Miroff / GlobalPost )
Forget about Noah's Ark ; There Was No Worldwide Flood
In order to even entertain the possibility of a worldwide flood , one has to bypass all laws of physics , exit the realm of science , and enter into the realm of the miraculous , which many believers are willing to do .
See Also : Scholars , Frauds , the Media and the Public
By Robert R. Cargill
UCLA Center for Digital Humanities
UCLA Qumran Visualization Project
May 2010
Many people have contacted me about the recent claims by a group called Noah 's Ark Ministries International .
The evangelical organization claims to have discovered Noah 's ark .
I have responded on several occasions to these dubious claims on my blog .
And still , this group has stood behind their claim , insisting that what they have found is real based largely on the belief that because the Bible says the flood and the ark are historical , it must be so .
So , instead of addressing their spurious claims yet again , I thought I would approach the issue from a different angle : forget about Noah 's ark ; there was no world - wide flood .
The worldwide flood described in Genesis 6 - 9 is not historical , but rather a combination of at least two flood stories , both of which descended from earlier Mesopotamian flood narratives .
Note that this does not mean all of the claims made in the Bible are false ( or true for that matter ) ; I am dealing here only with the biblical stories of the flood .
( Also understand that the " slippery slope " claim of " all of the Bible is true or none of it is true " is simply an unnecessary rhetorical device designed to keep readers from doing precisely what scholars do every day : analyze each claim in the Bible on a case - by - case basis .
It is not necessary to accept an " all or none " stance towards the Bible . )
Most biblical and ancient Near Eastern scholars argue that the flood is a mythical story adopted from earlier Mesopotamian flood accounts .
These earlier accounts include the 17th century BCE Sumerian flood myth Eridu Genesis , the 18th century BCE Akkadian Atra-Hasis Epic , and the Epic of Gilgamesh , which are some of the earliest known examples of a literary style of writing .
The most complete version of the Epic of Gilgamesh known today is preserved on 12 clay tablets from the library of Assyrian king Ashurbanipal ( 685-627 BCE ) .
This extant Akkadian version is derived from earlier Sumerian versions .
In the story , Gilgamesh and his companion , a wild man -beast named Enkidu , travel the world on a number of quests that ultimately displease the gods .
After the death of Enkidu , Gilgamesh embarks on a journey to learn the secret of eternal life by visiting the immortal flood hero , Utnapishtim .
Utnapishtim tells Gilgamesh how the god Ea ( equivalent to the Sumerian god Enki ) revealed the gods ' plan to destroy all life with a great flood , and how they instructed him to build a vessel in which he could save his family , friends , and livestock .
After the flood , the gods repented for destroying the world and made Utnapishtim immortal .
These flood stories appear to have been transmitted to the Israelites early in Israel 's history .
Contact between the Assyrians and the Israelites is known from the conquest of Israel and its capitol , Samaria , in 721 BCE by Assyrian King Shalmaneser V ( 727-722 BCE ) , and from the attempted conquest of Jerusalem by the Assyrian King Sennacherib ( 704-681 BCE ) .
These stories were apparently modified to conform to a monotheistic faith , but retained characteristics such as the destruction of nearly all living things via a flood , the salvation of a select few people and animals by the construction of a boat , and the regret of the deity for the flood , prompting a promise not to do so again .
Thus , like many of the early stories in Israel 's primordial history , the flood story appears to be an adaptation and integration of a previously known myth into the theology of Israel .
Most scholars will point out that the biblical flood story is actually two flood epics intertwined into one .
However , unlike the two biblical creation stories ( Genesis 1:1 - 2:4a and Genesis 2:4b - 25 ) , which were set one after the other in the Hebrew Bible , the two original flood stories appear to have been edited into a single narrative .
The combined story preserves vestigial indicators that the account was originally two separate narratives .
For example , Genesis 6:19 - 20 states that there were to be one pair of each species of animal on the ark , one male and one female :
And of every living thing , of all flesh , you shall bring two of every kind into the ark , to keep them alive with you ; they shall be male and female .
Of the birds according to their kinds , and of the animals according to their kinds , of every creeping thing of the ground according to its kind , two of every kind shall come in to you , to keep them alive .
However , in Genesis 7:2 - 3 , which was originally a separate flood account , it states :
Take with you seven pairs of all clean animals , the male and its mate ; and a pair of the animals that are not clean , the male and its mate ; and seven pairs of the birds of the air also , male and female , to keep their kind alive on the face of all the earth .
Thus , there are two different numbers given for the number of animals on the ark : one pair ( male and female ) in Genesis 6 , and seven pairs of clean and one pair of unclean ( male and female ) in Genesis 7 .
The integration of two different numbers is evidence of two originally separate flood accounts .
Likewise , Genesis 7:17 states that the flood lasted 40 days :
The flood continued forty days on the earth ; and the waters increased , and bore up the ark , and it rose high above the earth .
But Genesis 7:24 , a portion of the second flood story , states that the flood remained for 150 days :
And the waters swelled on the earth for one hundred fifty days .
Shortly thereafter in Genesis 8:6 , the story switches back to the first flood story , and the number 40 returns :
At the end of forty days Noah opened the window of the ark that he had made .
Thus , not only are different numbers used for the number of animals on the ark in the two Hebrew flood stories , but different time periods were given for the flooding after the rains : 40 and 150 days .
Further evidence for the presence of two flood stories comes from the fact that in the narratives that speak about 40 days of flooding , god is referred to as the divine name YHWH , which supposedly was not revealed to readers until the episode of the burning bush in Exodus 3 .
However , in the portions of the flood texts that refer to 150 days of flooding , god is referred to as elohim , the Hebrew word for " god . "
The two different Hebrew flood narratives refer to god by different names rather consistently .
Thus , the textual evidence demonstrates that two flood narratives , most likely derived from earlier Assyrian and Sumerian flood narratives , were combined and adapted to fit the Israelite 's monotheistic faith and communicate lessons of a wrathful , destructive god , a regretful ( Genesis 6:6 ) yet repentant god , and the origin of rainbows .
But for some , the literary evidence is not compelling .
So , allow me present some scientific evidence : there could not have been a worldwide flood as described in the Bible because there is simply not enough water in the earth 's atmospheric system to produce such a flood .
According to data from the U.S. Geological Survey , the amount of water in the earth 's atmosphere could not possibly cover the earth .
In fact :
One estimate of the volume of water in the atmosphere at any one time is about 3,100 cubic miles ( mi3 ) or 12,900 cubic kilometers ( km3 ) .
That may sound like a lot , but it is only about 0.001 percent of the total Earth 's water volume of about 332,500,000 mi3 ( 1,385,000,000 km3 )
If all of the water in the atmosphere rained down at once , it would only cover the ground to a depth of 2.5 centimeters , about 1 inch .
Additionally , because only 1.7 % of the earth 's water is stored underground , there is not nearly enough water in groundwater storage beneath the earth 's surface to account for the amount of water necessary to flood the entire earth to the extent described in the Bible .
Simply put : there is not enough water in Earth 's atmosphere to raise the ocean 's levels over an inch , much less to cover Mt. Ararat with water from 40 days of rain .
There is simply not that much water in the system .
Thus , in order to even entertain the possibility of a worldwide flood , one has to bypass all laws of physics , exit the realm of science , and enter into the realm of the miraculous , which many biblical literalists are willing to do .
It is hypothetically possible that , say , the polar ice caps melted .
This could raise the ocean levels beyond the 2.5 centimeters that all the earth 's atmospheric water could were it to all rain down , but even then the thaw would only slightly affect the world 's coastlines .
Additionally , all scientific evidence points to larger polar ice caps in recent history , not smaller .
Other fantastic scenarios could be offered to explain the flood .
For instance , some might suggest that a colossal ice - asteroid could have burst into our orbit and melted , bringing with it an unconscionable amount of water into our atmosphere .
But , even this desperate scenario poses a major problem for many biblical literalists who attempt to explain or prove the flood scientifically .
The Bible says it " rained " and the " springs of the deep " opened , but mentions nothing about an asteroid .
Likewise , were water to enter Earth 's system , where did it all go ?
To where did the water recede ?
Earth 's water cycle results in all water residing somewhere on Earth 's surface in the form of oceans , ice , and freshwater lakes , beneath Earth 's surface in subterranean reservoirs that produce springs and geysers , or in Earth 's atmosphere as moisture .
So even if water could enter Earth 's closed system , where did it go ?
Simply put : there is no evidence whatsoever for a worldwide flood .
In other words , it 's impossible .
There is not enough water in the earth 's atmospheric system to even come close to covering all of the earth 's landmasses .
It is time for Christians to admit that some of the stories in Israel 's primordial history are not historical .
It is ok to concede that these stories were crafted in a pre-scientific period and were designed to offer ethical answers to questions of why and not questions of how .
Christians and Jews must concede that the Bible can still be " inspired " without being historically or scientifically " inerrant . "
As the early church father Origen explained regarding the preservation of empirical truth within problematic documents edited by human hands , " the spiritual truth was often preserved , as one might say , in material falsehood . "
Simply because a factual error exists in the text of the Bible does not mean that an ethical truth or principal cannot still be conveyed .
It is time for Christians to concede that " inspiration " does not equal " inerrancy , " and that " biblical " does not equal " historical " or even " factual . "
Some claims like the flood and the six - day creation are neither historical nor factual ; they were written to communicate in an pre-scientific literary form that god is responsible for the earth .
It is time Christians conceded that there was no flood .
It is time for Reformed Theological Seminary to concede that Bruce Waltke has a point .
It is time for groups of evangelical amateurs to stop making sensational claims about discoveries they did not really make .
And it is time for people to stop looking for Noah 's ark .
It 's not there .
Notes
WASHINGTON ( AP ) —
Atheists who oppose prayer and other religious elements in presidential inaugurations have lost a case in a federal appeals court .
A three - judge panel on Friday upheld the dismissal of a lawsuit that sought to stop Barack Obama from using the words “ so help me God ” when he took the oath of office last year .
Those who sued also wanted to stop ministers from saying prayers at Mr. Obama ’s inauguration and wanted the court to eliminate religion from future inaugurations .
Two judges said it is too late to act on Mr. Obama ’s inauguration and the court cannot block religious elements at future events when the participants are not yet known .
The third judge says long - standing practices such as prayers and the oath of office are constitutional .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Many pundits hailed this election year as the Year of Anti-Incumbency , but that phenomenon barely surfaced in Pennsylvania ’s legislative races
.
All but one of the 28 contested House and Senate incumbents seeking re-election came away winners .
Where was the anger that Pennsylvanians were spewing last fall over the 101 - day budget impasse ?
Where were the people who poll after poll give the Legislature low approval ratings ?
Where was the kick - all - the - bums - out spirit that tea party activists incited ?
How in the world could
— state Reps. Bill DeWeese and John Perzel — survive an election when another candidate was on the ballot ?
Political pundits and even lawmakers think the answer lies mostly in the power of incumbency , and all the resources and name recognition that come with it .
“ An incumbent who uses his or her advantages is very , very difficult to beat unless they ’ve done something really outrageous , and as you saw [ Tuesday night ] , even if they are under indictment , you can win if you run the right kind of campaign and use the advantages of office well , ” said Charlie Gerow , a Harrisburg - based political strategist .
Incumbents build up an allegiance with their voters who tend to focus retrospectively on what that representative or senator has done for the district rather than what they say they will do .
That is a credential that Perzel and DeWeese touted in their successful primary bids to help voters look beyond the felony criminal charges they face , accused of using public - funded resources for campaign purposes .
The Republican Perzel has represented his Philadelphia district for 32 years .
DeWeese , a Greene County Democrat , has held his seat for 34 years .
“ They have brought so much money back to their districts that people were n’t going to give that up until the courts throw them in jail , ” said Tim Potts of Democracy Rising PA .
He said voters in those districts likely do n’t fully understand how the power and ability to bring home the bacon that these two former House leaders once held has since evaporated , and the incumbents are n’t about to educate them about it .
Indicted incumbents surviving a primary leaves pundits mystified , said G. Terry Madonna , a political scientist at Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster .
“ But we ’re talking about two of the most experienced pros in recent history , and they know how to win , what it takes , and know their district , ” Madonna said .
“ Hell , they drew the boundary lines of their districts .
Give me a break . ”
Madonna was referring to the redrawing of legislative district boundaries that occurs every 10 years to reflect shifts in populations and is often done to insulate incumbents from election challenges .
But there are always exception to the rule .
In Tuesday ’s primary , state Rep. Karen Beyer , a Lehigh Valley Republican , lost to Justin Simmons , a 23 - year - old state Senate staffer , noted Christopher Borick , a political science professor at Muhlenberg College in Allentown .
Simmons targeted key votes in which Beyer sided with House Democrats and he raised enough money to air campaign ads on television , Borick said .
Observers also noted that only a portion of the state ’s voters had opportunities to “ kick the bums out ” of the General Assembly — only 28 of the 226 seats up for election this year featured contested primary races .
But with the fall election bringing contests in at least 147 races , they said that attitude might produce some Election Day surprises for some incumbents .
Turnout was another factor that Madonna cited .
“ A lot of people think their vote does n’t make a difference and no matter who they send , they get the same result ” so they do n’t vote , Madonna said .
Three out of four registered voters were no -shows on Tuesday .
From her stops at polling places on Tuesday , Rep. Sheryl Delozier , R - Lower Allen Township , said she did n’t sense any overwhelming anti-incumbent venom .
Rather , she said voters expressed frustration and concern about transportation and pension funding problems facing the state , as well as questions about whether the state will pass a budget on time this year .
“ Will that frustration mount if it ’s late and will that have an effect on the outcome in November , I do n’t know , ” she said .
Talk about burying the lede :
After reporting some who - gives - a- shit story about Jason Priestley directing a romantic comedy set in a frog - infested vineyard in British Columbia , Hollywood Reporter drops this " In other Canadian news " bombshell : Canuck director Vincenzo Natali has been tapped to helm an adaptation of William Gibson 's 1984 cyberpunk bible , Neuromancer .
( Okay , so maybe that 's only a bombshell to four - eyed , Cheeto - fingered shut - ins like your humble Newswire correspondent .
But still . )
Although Gibson 's short story " Johnny Mnemonic " — a prequel of sorts to Neuromancer — made it to the big screen in 1995 , the novel itself has been stuck in development limbo for years .
In 2007 , it was announced that Torque director Joseph Kahn had signed on to the project , with Hayden Christensen cast as the lead .
Now it seems as though Kahn is out and Natali is in ( no word on Christensen ) ; THR also says that the new director will be scripting the film himself .
Natali is best known for his 1997 mind - fuck thriller Cube , and his new feature , the Adrien Brody - starring , sci - fi film Splice , is due next month .
Even more geektastically , First Showing recently reported that Natali has set his sights on two more adaptations : Alan Moore 's Swamp Thing and J.G. Ballard 's High - Rise .
Fuck .
Someone hand me an inhaler .
A 3 - Minute Trip through India
This stunning short film by Mike Matas is a collection of over 3,000 photos taken while crossing through India .
I have humble upbringings !
Goldman 's trying to settle with the SEC on a lesser charge than fraud , say John Gapper and Francesco Guerrera of the FT .
The firm is also seeking to pay hundreds of millions of dollars in fines and damages instead of billions .
The lesser charge is omitting or misstating disclosures to investors .
It would also reduce the threat of lawsuits and avoid the firm 's have to settle a fraud charge .
Given the evidence the SEC has presented thus far , a charge of misstatements or omissions seems more appropriate than fraud .
Given the SEC 's all - in approach to this case , it seems unlikely that the agency would settle on a lesser charge , especially so soon .
This would be widely viewed as a loss .
More at the FT >
Bringing mojo back – Thrillseeker VBL is an emulation of a “ vintage broadcast limiter ” following the classic Variable - Mu design principles from the early 1950′s .
They were used to prevent audio overshoots by managing sudden signals changes .
From today ’s perspective , and compared to brickwall limiters , they are rather slow and should be seen as more of [… ]
I began this petition over three weeks ago , and the government is STILL willfully suppressing the true oil flow estimates from BP oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico .
From the Huffington Post - I highly recommend you read the entire article at this leak :
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/06/03/gulf-oil-spill-latest-fed_n_599615.html
" For more than a month after the well blew out , BP and the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) had been estimating the flow at 5,000 barrels , or about 210,000 gallons , a day .
NOAA based its number on the amount of oil visible on the surface of the Gulf -- and stuck to that , even after marine scientists pointed out that due to the depth of the leak and the use of dispersants , a high proportion of the oil was staying beneath the surface .
Media reports continued to use that figure even after a video clip of the spewing pipe exposed it as a farce .
Finally on May 27 , the Interior Department issued a press release , describing 12,000 to 19,000 barrels as a " preliminary best estimate " of the flow .
Two members of the team did tell PBS the next day that the 12,000 to 19,000 figure was just the range of the " lower bound . "
Yet the figure was widely accepted as the entire range of possibilities .
One of the methods the team used to arrive at its numbers was based on an estimate of the oil detected on the ocean surface .
The new report states that : " The team then corrected the value for oil evaporated , skimmed , burned , and dispersed up to that day and divided by time to produce an average rate . "
But there is nothing remotely like agreement in the scientific community about how much of the oil remains beneath the surface .
Some scientists think the vast majority remains suspended in the water column .
By contrast , NOAA 's director has a hard time acknowledging there is any at all .
How the flow - rate team " corrected " for something they did n't know about remains a secret .
Overall , however , even including the amount of oil evaporated , skimmed or burned , the team 's lower bound for the flow amounted to less than double the amount visible on the surface .
And the new document acknowledges that further scientific investigation could push its estimates higher , due to " unknown processes that remove oil naturally from the system " as well as " unknown unknowns . "
Another estimation method involved calculating the size of the plume based on video from the sea floor .
It had a whole different set of challenges , including a limited window of data ( seven minutes ! ) , poor quality footage , an untested methodology and a series of assumptions that may or may not have been correct .
The scientists pursuing that method also found their guesswork limited by " the effect of the unknown unknowns " which " made it more difficult to produce a reliable upper bound on the flow rate . " ( end Huffington Post quotation ) .
.................................................
Since the beginning , the scope and magnitude of the unprecedented environmental catastrophe in the Gulf has been deliberately minimized by the Obama administration and the executives at BP .
For three weeks , the video of the oil gushing from one mile below the sea had been playing in a constant stream in the White House situation room .
The White House held to the phony estimate of 250,000 gallons a day although they had visual proof that the calculation was wrong .
Additionally , the 250,000 a day number was calculated with a formula specifically NOT recommended for measuring large oil spills .
Independent scientists and academic experts were able to ascertain with the release of this video to the public that the size of the oil spill greatly exceeded BP & government estimates .
According to a May 14 , New York Times Article , scientists estimate the sea floor to be leaking 25,000 to 80,000 barrels of oil a day .
Additionally , the discover of giant underwater oil plumes ( one as long as 10 miles long , three miles wide , & 300 feet thick ) prove that the size of the oil spill eclipses the low estimates ascerted from the government & BP .
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/37171468/ns/us_news-the_new_york_times/
Scientists note that the size of the oil spill is directly related to the amount of environmental damage and it is crucial to obtain a accurate measurement .
Additionally , proper measurement of the oil leak is imperative for recovery calculations .
It is also CRUCIAL to obtain an accurate measurement now because BP is liable under the Clean Water Act for up to 3,000 dollars per barrel fine , in the case of gross negligence ( which early reports indicate ) .
It is imperative to gain an accurate measurement of the current oil gusher , in order to garner BP 's owed fines .
BP has a legal responsibility to compensate for all damages from the leak .
Unfortuately , the President , himself continues to obfuscate the true scope and size of this spill .
On May 14 , 2010 , President Obama made this statement on the size of the oil spill :
" I know there have been varying reports over the last few days about how large the leak is , " President Obama said yesterday .
" But since no one can get down there in person , we know there is a level of uncertainty . "
Actually , there is a method that would allow for accurate measurement of the oil and gas blasting from well .
Here is a much read snippet from the recent NY Times article on this subject :
" BP has repeatedly said that its highest priority is stopping the leak , not measuring it .
" There 's just no way to measure it , " Kent Wells , a BP senior vice president , said in a recent briefing .
Yet for decades , specialists have used a technique that is almost tailor - made for the problem .
With undersea gear that resembles the ultrasound machines in medical offices , they measure the flow rate from hot - water vents on the ocean floor .
Scientists said that such equipment could be tuned to allow for accurate measurement of oil and gas flowing from the well .
Richard Camilli and Andy Bowen , of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts , who have routinely made such measurements , spoke spoke extensively to BP last week , Mr. Bowen said .
They were poised to fly to the gulf to conduct volume measurements .
But they were contacted late in the week and told not to come , at around the time BP decided to lower a large metal container to try to capture the leak .
That maneuver failed .
They have not been invited again .
This is outrageous and completely unacceptable .
It is time that the public demand oversight of this unprecedented environmental disaster .
It is clear that we will not receive clear and honest answers from BP executives .
Please sign the petition and tell this President and Congress that we must allow immediate measurement of the leak from independent scientists .
And , please pass this petition along to your friends .
Thank you
It might seem like a tautology -- and that 's because it is -- but sometimes the only word you can use to describe an image from the Cassini Saturn probe is otherwordly :
[ Click to engasgiantize . ]
This otherworldy picture was taken on March 24 , 2010 .
The big moon is Rhea , seen from 1.2 million kilometers ( 750,000 miles ) away , and the little one below it is Epimetheus , from 1.6 million km ( 990,000 miles ) away .
Perspective makes them look right next to each other , but in reality the distance between them is the same as the Moon from the Earth !
Saturn and its rings provide the backdrop for this stunning alien portrait .
To me , the most striking thing about this picture is the difference between the two moons .
Rhea is a ball , a sphere , while Epimetheus is clearly a lumpy rock .
Rhea is also clearly a lot bigger , even accounting for perspective in the picture ; it 's about 1520 km ( 940 miles ) across , while Epimetheus is 144 x 108 x 98 km ( 86 x 64 x 58 miles ) in size .
Why is Rhea round , and Epimetheus lumpy ?
Gravity .
Rhea , being so much bigger , has a lot more mass , so its gravity is much stronger .
Objects bigger than a few hundred kilometers across have enough mass that self - gravity becomes important in shaping them .
A rock you might see lying on the ground is small and has very little gravity , so the important things that shape it are its chemistry , the crystal structure inside it , and its history ( getting banged by another rock , erosion , and so on ) .
But as the mass increases , so does the influence of gravity .
Eventually , gravity wins : it does n't matter what the composition is ( metal , ice , rock ) or the history ( getting knocked around ) , because gravity is strong enough to shape the object into a sphere .
Sure , other forces can be at play ( for example , rotation can flatten an object out a bit ) , but gravity is the one with the biggest influence .
Gravity is an inward force , trying to draw everything into the center of the mass .
That 's why big objects are spheres ; anything large enough to stick up very far gets pulled down .
Look at mountains on Earth : they can only get to a certain size before slumping .
They can't support their own weight !
Olympus Mons on Mars is much bigger than any mountain could ever be on Earth , because Mars has less gravity .
So this is more than just a beautiful picture from Cassini ; it 's an object lesson in gravity .
And as science tells us over and again , size matters .
Credit : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute
Related posts : Rhea : Happy Valentines Day .
Love RheaA marvelous night for a ( Saturn ) moon dancePeek - a- moon Epimetheus :
The real Pandora , and two mooning brothersCassini eavesdrops on orbit - swapping moons
US researchers have developed a new strategy for predicting bimetallic catalysts .
They have already put it to good use in identifying a nickel - platinum catalyst that they claim is the best ever for the ammonia decomposition reaction - potentially a vital reaction if ammonia is to become an important means of storing hydrogen .
Making predictions about catalysts that contain more than one metal is complicated because the properties of a mixed metal are not necessarily intermediate to those of the parent metals .
Nevertheless , this has remained the common assumption in the literature , says Dionisios Vlachos , one of the authors of the new study based at the University of Delaware .
His team has developed a method that gets around the problem using density functional theory ( DFT ) calculations - calculations based on quantum mechanics .
’ What the density functional theory calculations do is they account for the architecture of the catalyst , ’ explains Vlachos .
’ You need to account for the unique architecture of the atoms in space - where they actually reside - in order to be able to predict the properties of the correct material . ’
The simplified approaches used previously , he says , do n’t account for the full chemistry of the reaction .
Vlachos ’s team used DFT calculations to screen a library of microkinetic models - detailed reaction mechanisms - for ammonia ( NH 3 ) decomposition , with different bimetallic materials as catalysts .
Noting that for single metal catalysts , the binding energy for nitrogen at the catalyst surface was an important indicator of catalytic activity , they calculated this value for mixed metals .
One , a nickel - platinum catalyst , had a nitrogen binding energy close to that of the current best single metal catalyst , ruthenium .
And the researchers ’ predictions were born out experimentally , with activity starting at 50 ? C , compared to 350 ? C for ruthenium .
The real value of the work , however , is in creating a framework for identifying bimetallic catalysts more generally says Vlachos .
Platinum may not be the best substitute for ruthenium , simply because of its cost , but Vlachos believes the same principles could be applied to search for cheaper materials , and for bimetallic catalysts for other reactions , including the selective oxidation of carbon monoxide for hydrogen purification and hydrogenation of hydrocarbons .
Claus Hviid Christensen , a catalysis expert working for catalysis firm Haldor Topsoe in Denmark , is interested to see more and more groups going down the computational route .
’ It ’s a very efficient way to narrow down the enormous range of possible catalyst candidates , ’ he says .
’ And this reaction is itself interesting because ammonia is a carbon - free energy carrier . ’
Hayley Birch
This article is developed from a post on the forums here .
You have probably heard the claim that Dawkins is arrogant .
Usually this claim is directed at him from believers .
But ever so often one hears it from other freethinkers , in the context of representing science and reason .
The claim often is that Dawkins ’ “ arrogance ” is actually counter - productive to the cause .
Here is the video that has been quoted multiple times to make the case :
Most people who hear Dawkins say the words “ Fuck Off ” let their minds go blank as to the context .
Multiple times I ’ve had other atheists tell me that Dawkins sounds so “ mean ” when he dismisses people like that .
But Dawkins is quoting someone else here !
To anyone actually paying attention , its clear that Dawkins quotes the editor of New Scientist , to actually make the opposite point - that he is “ not the worst ” .
Yet those intent on criticizing him for his logical and yet undoubtedly sharp criticism of religion latch onto such video clips to justify their intuitive dislike of Dawkins himself .
But this is an issue that is greater than just Dawkins .
This concerns the entire freethought movement .
What kinds of strategies should we take up when promoting science , critical thinking , naturalism and atheism ?
I submit that we must adopt a pluralistic strategy .
Any single advocate for atheism cannot influence every type of individual who believes in the supernatural .
This is obvious if you take into account how vastly different people are in their thinking .
That having said , there is absolutely no doubt that few ( none , in my opinion ) have been as influential as Dawkins has been in promoting reason and atheism in modern times .
Time after time I have come across individuals for whom reading one or the other of his books was the straw that broke the proverbial camel ’s back .
It is easy today to look at Dawkins from a critical standpoint , forgetting all the gains that atheists have made over the past 2 decades .
But if we step back and take a look at how the modern atheist rights movement was born and has evolved , the role that he played becomes more apparent .
Back in the 1970s and 80s , RD was a lone voice among the scientific community .
His books , even back then , were tinged with arguments for a naturalistic epistemology , deriding the supernatural .
I read The Selfish Gene in high school in the 90s .
Hundreds of thousands of others were already “ converts ” by then .
There is a very important role that anger , ridicule and passion play in any social movement .
While intellectual understanding is key to a movement that is well - grounded , it is the primary emotions that provide the impetus for social organization .
Without this , atheism would simply remain an idea to be discussed in academia and in private settings .
Let me give you an example .
Secular Humanism has been around for more than a century .
Humanists often deride the ‘ New Atheists ’ for their bitterness .
In fact , the argument from many humanists has been that their tactics are more effective !
But how many people knew about secular humanism before the ‘ New Atheists ’ ?
Their whole movement was an academic one , restricted to an elite group of people who had the time and inclination for such intellectualisms .
While the humanists were debating about human rights and ethics for over a century , atheists continued to remain in the shadows , in a cultural environment where they were unable to realize many of their fundamental rights .
The only community that was available to most atheists was society at large .
As you may well know , one of the most important functions of religion is to provide a common cultural ground to enable a common morality and social code to bring together people and form a functioning and content community .
We atheists did not have this - not until a few years ago .
It is easy to ignore the freedoms ( from the point of view of social acceptance ) we have gained towards expressing our beliefs in public and for gathering in the name of reason .
It is easy to forget that millions of atheists crave the kind of social contact that religions have traditionally provided .
It is even more easy to forget the role that anger , ridicule and passion have played in creating this global community of freethinkers .
Without the ‘ new atheists ’ , secular humanism would have remained irrelevant in the public sphere .
Today we can meaningfully talk about replacing religion with a secular morality derived from humanistic principles only because of the social impetus that the ‘ New Atheists ’ like Dawkins have provided humanity with .
It is a false assumption that to convince a believer about the validity of atheism ( or rather , the absurdity of religion ) one needs to be gentle and defensive .
That is complete bull .
It may work in a few cases , but it is generally a long term strategy applicable only to a tiny segment of people , the ones who are genuinely interested in exploring the truth regardless of their personal emotional intuitions .
The vast majority of religious people are absolutely reticent to question their own beliefs and instead will attack atheism blindly .
Most people who have become atheists have done so because at some point they began to question their own beliefs .
Contrary to the general assumption , this sort of questioning does not come naturally to everyone .
It does not come simply because we present logical arguments defending atheism .
It often comes because at some point , someone else questioned their ridiculous religious beliefs .
Often because someone ridiculed those beliefs .
Throughout history , this is how revolutionary ideas have dispersed through culture .
Society does not work on the same principles of science , in that evidence and proof do not determine what the majority will believe .
Ideas die in a culture when it becomes embarrassing to hold on to them .
Social conformity is achieved not through intellectual discourse as much as through the need to belong .
If your ridiculous beliefs are laughed at , you begin to question them .
This may not apply to you or me or many in this group , assuming that we are more evidence - based on our thinking , but this certainly applies to the majority of people on earth .
Do not think that I am advocating personal attacks .
I am talking about ridiculing irrational beliefs , not people .
In fact , I do not engage in debate with believers any more .
At least , I try not to .
This is the least effective strategy for someone like myself , since many religious folk seem to be unable to make the distinction between personal attacks and criticism of ideas .
I think that what really works is for atheists to be visible to the community at large .
If religious people actually see that atheists are a happy , moral and well - organized community , obtaining the same social benefits from cooperation and emotional fulfillment that religious people do , that is more effective in making them question their own beliefs .
In the process , let ’s have some fun laughing at absurd and false beliefs , even as we expose them for the dangers that they represent .
North Korea has denied any involvement in the attack , despite the presentation of forensic evidence on Thursday — including parts of the torpedo found in the wreckage — that experts from three countries said established that the torpedo was launched from a North Korean submarine .
Although the American officials who spoke about the intelligence assessment would not reveal much about what led them to conclude that Mr. Kim was directly involved , one factor appeared to be intelligence that he appeared on April 25 , the anniversary of the founding of the Korean People ’s Army , with a military unit that intelligence agencies believe to have been responsible for the attack .
Mr. Kim used the event to praise the group , Unit 586 , the officials said , and around that time a fourth star appears to have been given to Gen .
Kim Myong - guk , who officials believe may have played a crucial role in executing the attack .
General Kim is believed to have been demoted to a three - star general last year , perhaps in response to the humiliation that took place after a North Korean ship ventured into South Korean waters .
The North Korean ship was all but destroyed , and some analysts believe the attack on the Cheonan , which was in South Korean waters , was planned as retribution .
“ Nobody is going to take overt credit for the sinking , ” said Jonathan Pollack , a professor at the Naval War College and an expert on North Korea ’s military .
“ But Kim ’s visit to this unit has all the hallmarks of congratulating them for a job well done . ”
The senior American officials , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the intelligence assessment is classified , said they ruled out the idea that General Kim or another military officer decided on his own to attack , but they did not explain how they reached that conclusion .
Victor Cha , a North Korea expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington and a former official in the National Security Council during President George W. Bush ’s second term in office , noted that when Mr. Kim was on the rise three decades ago , “ there were similar incidents designed to build his credibility ” as a leader .
The Cheonan episode has posed some difficult choices for the Obama administration at a time when its national security team is preoccupied with Afghanistan , Pakistan and Iran .
Hedge Fund Hyenas and Zombie Banks Attack Greece , Detonating Second Wave of World Depression ; Europe Needs Ban on Hedge Funds , CDS , Synthetic CDOs , Plus Tobin Tax ; Sarkozy and Berlusconi Should Halt Contagion with Debt Freezes by Greece , Portugal , Spain , Ireland , Italy , Iceland , Latvia , Others
As a kid , I vacationed along the Gulf of Mexico .
The egrets , whooping cranes and pelicans were plentiful there .
I ’ll never forget the joy of watching dolphins follow he ferry from the mainland to Galveston Island .
But , as a child in the 1960s , I also remember tar - balls on the beaches of Texas towns on the Gulf .
Ecocide is in progress , along with the destruction of the health and livelihood of people living along the Gulf of Mexico .
On Wednesday May 26 , thick oil rolled into Louisianan marshland .
The nesting place for migrating birds and the womb for shrimp and oysters is being destroyed .
No one — not British Petroleum or the Coast Guard — were there trying to prevent or clean up the silent horror .
CNN ’s Anderson Cooper dipped his rubber - gloved hand into the Gulf water and it came up coated with oil .
Phillipe Cousteau , son of famous oceanographer Jaques Cousteau , dove into the toxic soup of oil particles and dispersant , a dead sea emptied of creatures .
As this horror unfolded , British Petrolem CEO Tony Hayward walked a public beach , crowded with camera crews and BP workers .
President Obama attended a Democratic fund - raiser at the Getty oil family mansion in San Francisco .
There ’s plenty of blame to go around for what is happening , but , let ’s start with corporate criminal BP .
In recent years , BP paid $ 730 million in fines , penalties , and settlements for violating environmental protection laws , ignoring worker safety and manipulating the energy market .
It ’s undeniable that such fines are considered “ the cost of doing [ big ] business as usual ” , since none of BP ’s behavior has changed .
BP ’s profits certainly were n’t hurt : they made $ 14 billion in 2009 and $ 6 billion in the first quarter of 2010 .
Yet , BP refused to put in the $ 500,000 safety device that could have prevented the current mess .
Unlike other countries such as Brazil and Norway , the U.S. government did not require the safety device .
Now , think about the people we elected in 2008 to create “ change ” from the Bush - Chaney “ Corporations ‘ R Us ” style of government .
The Mineral Management Services ( MMS ) , under the Department of Interior , is supposed to enforce the Endangered Species Act , but , as the New York Times story reported on May 13 , issued drilling permits without independent environmental impact studies .
BP got to do its own “ studies ” without addressing the obvious risks in such deep sea oil drilling or having a response plan for a spill ..
“ MMS has given up any pretense of regulating the offshore oil industry , ” said Kierán Suckling , director of the Center for Biological Diversity , a Tuscon environmental advocacy group .
“ The agency seems to think its mission is to help the oil industry evade environmental laws . ”
In the last two weeks — as BP was forced to release the video that shows oil gushing into the Gulf — MMS ssued five more permits for drilling projects .
What part of “ biggest environmental disaaster in U.S. history ” do the heads of the Obama Administration ’s environmental agencies not get ?
In December 2008 , some progressives began questioning President Obama ’s appointments to cabinet positions , but , were shot down .
Who did President Obama appoint to head up the agencies charged with protecting the environment ?
Here ’s the voting record of Secretary of the Interior , Ken Salazar as a U.S. Senator ( D - CO ) :
2005 , Salazar voted against increasing fuel efficiency standards .
2005 : Salazar voted against repealing tax - breaks for major oil companies
2006 : Salazar voted to end protections that limited off - shore oil drilling in Florida ’s Gulf Coast
Salazar voted against requiring the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to consider climate change in their projects .
May 2009 : Secretary of the Interior , Salazar continued the Bush policy that forbids Endangered Species Act to address climate change .
So far , Salazar has done nothing in the current Gulf of Mexico crisis , leaving it to BP .
He just told a Congresional committee that , ” If we find they ’re not doing what they ’re supposed to be doing , we ’ll push them out of the way appropriately . ”
For 37 days , BP ’s oil leak has spewed into the wetlands , closing Gulf coast to fishing .
The oil may get to Florida .
If you want to ask Secretary Ken Salazar why he ’s keeping BP in charge , call ( 202 ) 208-3100 .
Lisa Jackson , head of the Environmental Protection Agency , said on Wednesday , that “ we just have to pray ” that BP ’s “ top kill ” finally plugs the oil gusher .
That repeats Jackson ’s do - nothing stance when she headed New Jersey ’s state environmental agency .
Two years into that job , Jackson still had done nothing about 16,000 abandoned toxic waste sites , claiming a plan was being develpoed .
She also supported New Jersey Governor Corzine ’s proposal to outsource cleanup efforts to consultants .
A 2007 Center for Public Integrity study found outsourcing allowed polluters to profit from the mess they ’ve made when they get paid to clean it up .
The EPA already gives out such contracts .
And then , there ’s President Obama .
He broke a campaign promise at the end of March , when he lifted the offshore oil drilling ban just weeks before this disaster .
In his Thursday press conference , Obama said he would , “ suspend two drilling projects in Alaska and suspend all drilling in the Gulf ” ; he promised a six - month moratorium on all deep sea drilling .
Does this include the five drilling permits Salazar ’s MMS issued in the last two weeks ?
Does the left hand know what the right hand is doing ?
Besides a few speeches , Obama has done nothing about the disaster , leaving it to BP .
Coast Guard boats are tooling around the Gulf but nobody seems to knoiw what they ’re doing .
Obama has not directed federal agencies , such as the EPA , to be part of stopping the spill .
Apparently , no gernmental agencies were involved early on in determining what dispersants are used nor did they have a voice in organizing the clean - up .
He has n’t called in the U.S. Army of Engineers to aid in blocking the oil from coming ashore .
He still has n’t said what he will do if BP does n’t end the gusher .
At his May 27 press conference , the President claimed that , from the start , “ The federal government has been in charge of the response efforts . ”
That ’s either untrue , and an attempt to cover up how the Obama administration has colluded in BP ’s attempts to minimize the scope of this environmental atrocity .
Or if true , it ’s President Obama ’
“ Heckof a job , Brownie ” moment .
This is a crossroads for the Obama presidency :
Does he stand with criminal corporations or for the public interest ?
BP has a horrible record .
Will it be held accountable ?
So , far , accountability is not Obama ’s strong suit .
Wall Street fraudsters , contractors bilking us out of billions in Iraq and Afghanistan ( still get no - bid contracts ) , torturers and other criminals of the Bush Administration have not faced a single indictment .
His supporters have been saying , “ Give him time–he ’s inherited this huge mess from Bush ! ”
Well , the mess in the Gulf is on President Obama and he ’s made no decernable stand at all .
If this disaster tells us anything , it ’s that it is now time to go into overdrive to build clean , renewable energy alternatives .
Not by “ Beyond Petroleum ” or “ green - washing ” major corporations , such as BP , but , by investing in the small and medium - sized businesses that have already embraced renewable energy — and are also the companies that actually create most new jobs .
President Obama can still redeem his initial passivity in the fact of BP ’s Gulf oil disaster , by channeling the spirit of FDR after the attack on Pearl Harbor .
In 18 months , FDR got the U.S. ready to fight WWII .
We had no real standing army and had lost a big chunk of our navy , but , it only took a year and a half to build what was needed for war .
That ’s the kind of focus we need to address this energy and environmental crisis , to make the investments and implement the technological turn - around towards a whole lot more of our energy coming from clean sources .
Yes , it will take longer than 18 months , but , so far too damn little has been done .
After international talks on climate change in Copenhagen , the U.S. set the puny goal of cutting greenhouse gas emissions by 17 per cent .
Current mileage standards are absurd , averaging in the low 20s per gallon .
Energy conservation must become a way of life , too .
( Remember the rationing that Americans did during WWII ? )
Carpools , bikes , bus , and light rail to work anyone ?
Turning off lights and unplugging gadgets ?
Finally , this is a crossroads for the American people .
We have to change our habits –which includes getting a hell of a lot more politically active and far more conscious about our own energy usages .
You can write the EPA and demand that they issue a “ disbarment ” to BP : that would mean BP ca n’t get permits and federal contracts to drill .
When Fox News asked Lisa Jackson if this was a possibility , she waffled .
Public pressure might help Jackson ’s decision - making process .
Anyone can boycott BP right now ( One million people have already signed up to do so . )
Do n’t buy BP gasoline or their Casterol brand lubricants .
Alaskans and their environment are still suffering from the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill .
The Gulf of Mexico and the communities along its shore are just beginning to feel the impact of the spill .
As Democracy NOW !
reported May 27 , BP remain indifferent to worker safety ( as it was before the initial explosion . )
BP is demanding respirators NOT be worn by clean - up workers .
Any who do will be fired .
BP continues to try to minimize the public relations impact of their oil spill .
In an act of supreme hypocrisy , Republicans wasted little time trying to score political points , by calling the Gulf spill Obama ’s Katrina .
Even a broken clock is correct twice a day , but , the “ Drill , baby , drill ” folks have no leg to stand on this time .
Since George W. Bush and Dick Cheney were both oil men who undermined all science - based environmental protections on their watch , Republicans should finally join the fact - based community .
Now , would be a good time for a clean environment and holding criminal corporations accountable to become bi-partisan positions .
President Obama campaigned on creating a “ green economy . ”
As president , he lifted the oil drilling ban , ended the nuclear plant moratorium , and supported Big Coal .
As with so many issues , Obama ’s words and actions go in opposite directions .
Obama supporters have shown cognitive dissonance when it comes to the president ’s corporate - friendly policies .
That must now give way to a demand for accountability and action .
It ’s time for libewrals ’ excuse - making to end .
The BP oil disaster exposes bi-partisan government collusion with corporate greed .
It shows that workers have been treated as expendable when it comes to health and safety .
Corporate profits thruogh extractive degradation of our environment , from coal and oil drilling gets bi-partisan protection .
Democrats have differed from Republicans in their campaign rhetoric , but , the betrayal has been bipartisan .
What we are witnessing in the Gulf of Mexico must be a wake - up call for all of us .
The time of cheap gas and squandering our environment is over .
When asked if she ’d boycott BP , a woman interviewed by CNN said , “ It ’s the gas station closest to my house , so ….. No . ”
ITalk about lame .
But , let ’s face it , self - indulgence is a hallmark of American culture .
If we want to expect more from our elected officials , we ’re going to have expect more from ourselves , too .
If we want real change , we ’re going to have to exercise the political pressure that is the only thing that ’s ever makes change happen .
What happens in the aftermath of the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history will reveal the content of Barack Obama ’s character — and our own — as clearly as BP ’s criminality has already been exposed for all to see .
Lydia Howell
Lydia Howell is an independent journalist in Minneapolis , winner of the 2007 Premack Aard for Public Interest Journalism , and producer / host of “ Catalyst : politics & culture ” on KFAI Radio .
Having lost nearly a million people in the last 60 years , Detroit has a backlog of thousands of empty office buildings , theaters , houses and hotels .
Downtown alone , more than 200 abandoned buildings are on the National Register of Historic Places .
Most are examples of the Art Deco and neo-Classical styles that were popular before World War II , when Detroit was booming .
But with 500,000 square feet of space on 14 acres of land , Michigan Central Station is “ different from your standard vacant building , ” said Mickey Blashfield , a government relations official with the station ’s owner , CenTra Inc. , a trucking and transportation company that acquired it by default through a property transfer in 1995 and has struggled to find a use for it since .
“ Architecturally and historically , ” Mr. Blashfield said , “ it has more of an emotional connection with people than virtually any building in the city . ”
As it is , Michigan Central Station , with its 18 - story office tower , has been picked to the bare bones by scavengers , who over the years have made off with a treasure - trove of chandeliers and mahogany and marble ornaments .
But it is still a magnet for urban explorers and photographers from around the world .
On various Facebook pages , it has more than 15,000 fans and friends .
Phillip Cooley , a restaurant owner who lives across a park from the station , estimates that about 30 sightseers a day show up at its locked gate , cameras raised .
He calls the building “ an education . ”
“ A building like that would not be allowed to deteriorate that way and remain standing in any other city , ” said Mr. Cooley , who spends some of his free time around the station with neighbors cleaning up and planting grass .
“ It shows our postindustrial landscape : how nature takes over , what abandonment looks like .
There ’s a lot to be learned from its current state .
It needs to be a public space again . ”
A Brisbane magistrate has dismissed charges against four people accused of the ' Satanic ' vandalism of graves at Toowong Cemetery last year , in part because it could not be proven the group did not have permission to do so .
Zoe Louise Wilson , 24 , Benjamin Lionel Garland , 19 , Shane Alan Bell and Michael John Smallbon , both 27 , walked free from Brisbane Magistrates Court this afternoon following the decision .
The foursome had been charged with the wilful damage of 82 graves at the historic cemetery in August last year .
The court heard one of the group bragged about inverting crucifixes at the cemetery because it " had meaning to Satanists " .
But following evidence from several witnesses at a committal hearing yesterday , lawyers for the four accused today argued their clients had no case to answer .
Image caption Prof Simmons and her colleagues have swapped silicon atoms for phosphorus
Researchers have shown off a transistor made from just seven atoms that could be used to create smaller , more powerful computers .
Transistors are tiny switches used as the building blocks of silicon chips .
If the new atomic transistor can be made in large numbers it could mean chips with components up to 100 times smaller than on existing processors .
The Australian creators of the transistor hope it is also a step towards a solid - state quantum computer .
The transistor is not the smallest ever created as two research groups have previously managed to produce working single - atom transistors .
However , the device is many times smaller than the components found in chips in contemporary computers .
On chips where components are 22 nanometres in size , transistor gates are about 42 atoms across .
The working transistor was created by replacing seven atoms in a silicon crystal with phosphorus atoms .
" Now we have just demonstrated the world 's first electronic device in silicon systematically created on the scale of individual atoms , " said Professor Michelle Simmons , lead researcher on the project at the University of New South Wales .
Moore 's Law predicts that the amount of memory that can fit on a given area of silicon , for a fixed cost doubles every 12 - 18 months .
The limit of this prediction is being tested as components get ever smaller and their computationally useful properties become less reliable .
If an entire chip could be made with every one of its billions of transistors made from the silicon crystals , it could mean an " exponential " leap in processing power , said Professor Simmons .
The researchers are a long way from a commercial process because the tiny transistor they created was handmade .
The team used a scanning tunnelling microscope to move the phosphorus atoms into place .
The work on the tiny transistor is being carried out as part of a larger project to create a quantum computer .
The research team revealed their results in the journal Nature Nanotechnology .
By Clare Murphy
Health reporter , BBC News
The pill : a medication or a lifestyle choice ?
It is 50 years since the pill was first approved as a contraceptive , finally divorcing sex from pregnancy .
But half a century on , our relationship with the tablet credited with revolutionising women 's lives is not always an easy one .
On 9 May , 1960 , the American authorities announced they would allow a hormonal pill previously used for gynaecological complaints to be prescribed as contraception .
Over the next decade , a string of other Western countries from Australia to the UK would follow suit .
Science , changing social attitudes and even fears about overpopulation in communist states all conspired to make the pill possible .
Scientists had known for years that high doses of certain hormones stopped ovulation , but despite extensive research using German policemen 's urine and thousands of sheep ovaries , it seemed almost impossible to extract the quantities needed for production on any meaningful scale .
It was not until the discovery that progesterone could be synthesised from the Mexican yam met the money and enthusiasm of two women committed to the cause of birth control , that the project took on a life of its own .
The irony is that these women are provided a medication that enables freedom from reproductive worries , but these same women are not provided information that there are significant adverse sexual effects that may ensue
Dr Irwin Goldstein
Journal of Sexual Medicine
The pill also appeared just before the scandal broke over Thalidomide , the wonder - drug often prescribed for morning sickness which led to serious deformities in babies .
This resulted in an overhaul of regulatory procedures .
" But it 's very unfair to suggest those involved were n't bothered about safety - when you look at the records kept there was definite caution .
The problem is we judge them according to post - Thalidomide standards , " says Dr Lara Marks , author of Sexual Chemistry : a history of the contraceptive pill .
" It 's true you would have a much harder time getting this off the ground today .
The regulatory climate is completely different - but women themselves are much more critical and questioning about what they are being offered .
" We probably would n't put up with the serious side - effects of the first pill as so many women did back then , but then we do n't understand what it was like to live in a world before legal abortion . "
Scary stats
Now the pill is one of the most studied medications in history , the subject of many ongoing epidemiological investigations .
More than 200 million women worldwide have used it since it was first approved .
Its popularity has ebbed and flowed over the years amid various health scares - from thrombosis to cancer , and it has demanded an understanding of relative risk like no other drug .
Risk , when it comes to offering healthy people a long - term drug , is perceived quite differently from weighing up the pros and cons for someone who is sick .
The last major health scare occurred in the mid-1990s , when it was found that the " third generation " of pills put women at a higher risk of venous thromboembolism , which can be fatal in some cases .
All the research shows that when women feel they are the ones in charge of their contraception , making decisions about it , they are more likely to use it
Lynn Hearton Family Planning Association
While the research was solid , there was criticism of the way it was presented - giving women little understanding of their overall risk - not least in comparison with the risks of being pregnant .
It was later concluded that the scare probably did save a handful of women from clots , but the thousands of extra unwanted pregnancies put many more at risk .
The abortion rate in the UK rose by 8 % in the following year , equivalent to 13,000 terminations .
The research suggests a possible , marginal increase in breast and cervical cancers among those taking the pill , but lifelong protection against ovarian cancers .
Indeed , a study published earlier this year of 46,000 women - some followed for almost 40 years - found those on the pill less likely to die of any cause than those not .
For healthy , non-smokers there appears to be no reason why the pill cannot be taken until the age of 50 , but doctors agree those with a history of blood clots , breast cancer , stroke or heart disease should steer clear - as should anyone who is very overweight , has high blood pressure or continues to smoke beyond the age of 35 .
No free lunch
But even if the serious health problems appear to be now in context , the pill is still regularly under fire .
Just this week German researchers suggested it may reduce libido .
The exact link is unclear but , in an editorial accompanying the study , Dr Irwin Goldstein of the Journal of Sexual Medicine suggested there may be consequences of meddling with one 's hormones .
" The irony is that these women are provided a medication that enables freedom from reproductive worries , but these same women are not provided information that there are significant adverse sexual effects that may ensue , " he said .
What the next 50 years will bring is unclear .
The pill is still much preferred over long - acting reversible contraceptives such as implants or intrauterine devices , despite the fact these methods - unlike the pill - need very little thought or action .
There is regular talk of a male contraceptive , but above and beyond the debate as to whether women would trust men with their birth control , practically it is simply much harder to shut down constant sperm production than stop an egg being released every month .
In the UK , making the pill available without prescription , free from the medical authorities , remains controversial - for both moral and medical reasons .
" But this is what should be happening , going forward .
All the research shows that when women feel they are the ones in charge of their contraception , making decisions about it , they are more likely to use it , " says Lynn Hearton of the Family Planning Association .
" It wo n't be for everyone , and some women will want to see their doctor .
We 'd need to ensure that all the information was out there .
But 50 years on it really is time to stop being so paternalistic .
The pill is a medicine , but it's also a lifestyle choice , and it's one we should trust women to make . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
including Motorola , Samsung and LG . "
Interestingly , this dovetails rather conveniently with an NVIDIA - powered Motorola tablet with Verizon branding that was briefly ( and quietly ) shown off at CES this January , so we would n't be surprised if that was the unit we ended up getting .
None of these devices might end up with the iPad 's name recognition , obviously , but an LTE - powered Android tablet with HTC 's good design sense certainly can't hurt .
Verizon had already said that it anticipated launching its first LTE handsets in the first half of 2011 , but as we 're rounding third base toward the launch of Big Red 's first commercial 4G markets , it 's shedding a little more light on how it thinks this 'll all go down .
Basically , wireless chief Lowell McAdam says we can expect " up to " five handsets by May of 2011 , exactly a year from now -- which could mean anywhere between zero and five , as far as we 're concerned -- and that Motorola , LG , HTC , and RIM are all in the running to serve up that first volley of hardware .
What 's not clear is whether these will make voice calls over CDMA exclusively ( a la EVO 4G ) or if they 'll be compliant with the IMS - based ( and GSMA - friendly ) voice the company expects to eventually roll out on top of its LTE network , but either way , it 's good news .
Turning our attention to Verizon 's recent tablet hullabaloo , McAdam says that although " there 's no reason [ the company ] could n't have an iPad , " the first tablets it offers will be Android - based -- yes , " tablets " plural -- and that most of them will launch in the fourth from companies "
The super sniper :
Hero picks off two Taliban from a mile and a half away
Hero : Craig Harrison saved his Army colleagues by killing two Taliban machinegunners from more than 1.5 miles away
An army sniper has earned a place in military history by killing two Taliban machine gunners from more than a mile and a half away .
Craig Harrison 's record breaking shots felled the insurgents with consecutive bullets - even though they were 3,200 ft beyond the official range of his rifle .
The Household Cavalry veteran 's kills from a distance of 8,120 ft beat the previous record by 150ft .
He was using the British - built L115A3 Long Range Rifle , the Army 's most powerful sniper weapon .
He was so far away that the 8.59 mm - calibre bullets took almost three seconds to reach their target .
Scores of Taliban gunmen h-ve fallen to the gun which has been nicknamed The Silent Assassin .
It is only designed to be effective at up to 4,921ft - just less than a mile - and capable of only ' harassing fire ' beyond that range .
But Corporal Harrison took his record - breaking shots after his commander and Afghan soldiers were attacked during a patrol in Helmand in November last year .
His vehicle was further back on a ridge , with his sights trained on a Taliban compound .
He said : ' We saw two insurgents running through its courtyard .
They came forward carrying a machine gun and opened fire on the commander 's wagon .
' Conditions were perfect , no wind , mild weather , clear visibility .
' The first round hit a machine gunner in the stomach .
He went straight down and did n't move .
The second insurgent grabbed the weapon and my second shot hit him in the side . '
The previous sniper record , 7,972ft , was held by a Canadian soldier .
Corporal Harrison , a married father - of - one from Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , killed 12 more rebels and wounded seven others .
During an extraordinary six - month tour of duty he also survived a bullet that went though his helmet and a roadside bomb .
The blast broke both his arms but he was eventually able to return to duty , his accuracy unaffected .
A couple of months back , the guys at GitHub bought a stoplight .
They ordered it on Ebay from a seller in the UK .
Their plan was to hook it up to their build system .
The idea was that when they check code into their continuous integration system ( see defunkt / CI Joe ) the stoplight would turn yellow while the code was building , red if the build failed because of failing tests , and green if the build succeeded .
It would give them a large unmissable indicator in their office for the status of their current code .
The stoplight at the start of the project :
One of the GitHub founders , PJ Hyett played around with using an Arduino to integrate with the continuous integration server .
He wrote a ruby script that polled the server and then sent a serial message to an Arduino which turned on an appropriate green , yellow , or red LED .
This worked , but had a couple of downsides : first it required a laptop to be connected to the Arduino to talk to the CI server ; second it only lit up little LEDs rather than the big beautiful stoplight .
For good reason , as a beginner PJ balked at the idea of controlling the AC power needed by the stoplight .
After all , AC can kill you .
That ’s where I came in .
Melissa Severini , GitHub ’s admin , got in touch with me to see if I was interested in taking on the project of hooking up the stoplight .
I told her I definitely was and got to work putting together a proposal .
My goal was to improve PJ ’s take on the project by handling all of the networking on the Arduino itself and , of course , to control the actual stoplight rather than just LEDs .
On the AC side , having read Sparkfun ’s tutorial on controlling AC with relays , my plan was to connect one relay to each of the stoplight ’s lights and then to run all of those to a single Arduino which would itself connect to GitHub ’s CI Joe instance over their office wifi .
Initial proposal sketch :
As you can see from that photoshop mockup , I was planning on using the Asynclabs BlackWidow for the networking part of the project .
The BlackWidow is a neat little Arduino variant which has wifi hardware built into it .
In the final planning stages , this was the component of the project that changed the most : I ended up ditching the wifi in favor of using Ladyada ’s ethernet shield with a Wiznet module to connect the Arduino directly to GitHub ’s router via an ethernet cable .
There were two main reasons for this decision : first of all , I realized that trying to run a wifi antenna inside the solid steel box of the stoplight ’s housing was probably not the smartest idea , and second I found asynclabs ’ wifi code for the Arduino to be simply too complicated for me to wrap my head around in the few days I had to prepare before traveling out to SF .
I was able to get the BlackWidow to connect to a wifi network , but never to actually reach out beyond it to real URLs on the internet .
So , my proposal submitted and accepted by GitHub , I ordered parts and scheduled flights .
The second week of May , my parts began to arrive and I soldered up the Sparkfun relay boards and tested them with my Arduino .
I also talked with Tom Igoe , ITP professor and member of the core Arduino team , who gave me a bunch of great advice about using the relays safely and also explained how to power the Arduino itself off of the AC power as well as the stoplight ( a subject I ’ll return to later ) .
Last friday , I flew out to SF with a bag full of electronics : 7 Arduinos , 3 USB cables , a soldering iron , a pair of wire cutters , 2 packages of rubber feet , three spools of threaded hookup wire , 3 relays , etc. etc .
I was surprised my bag made it through security with nothing more than a TSA inspection notice slip .
And on Saturday , the build process began .
The first thing I did on arrival was to open up the stoplight and take a look inside :
As you ’d expect for a piece of urban infrastructure that needs to work reliably for a long period of time , the stoplight ’s design is extremely simple .
The AC runs in from its external plug ( the white cable in the picture above ) to a bank of screw terminals through which it ’s distributed to all three of the lights :
From there a pair of wires travels out to each light fixture , one hooked up to each side of the AC :
Thanks to Andy Delcambre , I ’d seen photos of this setup in advance and taken it into account when coming up with my plan .
Andy was extremely helpful in the planning of this project and throughout its execution ; I could n’t have done it without him .
After having checked out the wiring for myself , I spent the rest of my first day in the GitHub office installing the relays .
A relay is a physical switch that can be closed by running a small amount of electricity through a pair of electromagnets .
The result is a device that lets you control large amounts of electricity ( like 120V AC ) via small amounts ( like the 5V DC that comes off an Arduino ’s pins ) .
As I mentioned before , I ’d soldered up three of the Sparkfun relay breakout boards before coming out to SF .
These have three wires that get connected to the Arduino : ground , +5V , and a control line that goes to one of the digital pins .
On the other side , it has two terminals for the AC connection .
The idea is that you break one of the two AC wires going to your target device ( in this case one of the stoplight lamps ) and solder the relay into the break .
Then when you pull the Arduino control pin high , the AC part of the circuit is closed and your devices turns on ; when the control pin is low , the device is off .
Relay with control board soldered up to one of the stoplight lamps :
Once I had the first relay soldered up and plugged in , I wrote a basic blinking LED - style Arduino sketch that would simply toggle the relay control pin on and off every 500 ms .
After being sure that no one was touching any part of the stoplight , I plugged it in and the result was a blinking lamp :
Note the satisfying clicking sound .
( Brief aside : next time you ’re standing at a street corner waiting for the “ walk ” signal , listen closely to the big box attached to one of the utility polls nearby and you ’ll hear a giant relay clicking away blinking the “ do n’t walk ” hand . )
Having proven that the relays could control the stoplights , I went ahead and attached relays to the other two lamps as well following the same procedure , testing each one in turn .
Now , I had control of all three of the lights .
The next step was to connect to the internet .
To do this , I attached the Ladyada ethernet shield with the wiznet module to my Arduino and plugged an ethernet cable from that into the GitHub office router .
I had experimented with Arduino and Ethernet before so I was pretty familiar with the hardware and software involved .
The main new element this time was that instead of serving up webpages from the Arduino I needed to use the Arduino as a client and specifically I needed to capture the status of a particular URL since that ’s how CI Joe reports its status ( a 200 response means a successful build , a 412 with the word “ building ” means the build is in progress , and a 412 with a git sha as the body means that the build is broken and the commit corresponding to that particular sha is to blame . )
After a bit of googling , I came across the Arduino String library which includes a “ contains ” method that will search a given string for some substring and return true if the substring is found .
If I formulated the request correctly from the Ethernet library I could get the library to print out the response headers which include the status , which I could then pull out using this contains method .
Once I had that figured out , I pretty quickly put together a sketch that would poll a given URL and blink the red lamp if that URL was 400 and blink the green lamp if it was 200 .
I tested my code against a URL on a server I controlled so I did n’t have to ask the GitHub guys to force a rebuild of their site every few minutes while I was working on things .
Before too long , I had the basic status switching working :
Now at this point , all the pieces of the project were theoretically in place ; all that was left was putting it all together , pointing it at the real GitHub CI server , and rewiring it so the Arduino itself would also be powered from the AC coming into the stoplight from the wall .
Up to this point , I ’d been powering the Arduino with a simple AC to USB power converter :
Before I ’d left New York , Tom Igoe had suggested simply wiring a two - prong outlet in series with the stoplight ’s AC power cable and using that to power the Arduino so I did n’t need a separate power supply .
So , on Monday this is what we did .
For some reason , the stoplight ’s AC cord had been routed out of a hole in the top of its case :
I cut this cord just below the bank of screw terminals and ran it back into the stoplight through a small hole in its steel base ( a hole I ’d also run the ethernet cable through earlier ) .
Then with Andy ’s help ( he had some experience with wiring AC and I was starting to be a bit feverish and under the weather by this point ) I connected a two prong outlet as well as the leads that went to the screw terminals for all of the lamps to the wires out to the plug , screwing the whole mess of wires together with plastic screw caps :
Then , as you can see in that picture , I just plugged in the AC - to - USB power converter and ran a USB cable to the Arduino .
Not the most elegant solution ( and I could definitely have benefitted from a shorter USB cable that would n’t have taken up so much space inside the cramped stoplight case ) , but it did the job and was pretty straightforward and danger - free .
Now , the whole project was powered by simply plugging the stoplight ’s trailing power cord into a wall outlet .
I switched the Arduino over to point at GitHub ’s real CI server and updated my response parsing and boom , the lights were switching based on the real status of the build .
I also rewrote the code slightly to use the Arduino ’s timer library so that the current light would stay lit even while the Arduino was keeping track of the 10 seconds it was supposed to wait between polling the CI server .
Theoretically , the project should have been basically done at this point .
But after I let it run for an hour or so , I noticed that the Arduino would start to get stuck , getting only an “ incomplete headers ” message from the Ethernet library on every response even when I could see that the server was doing the right thing when I hit it in the browser .
Thankfully , I had one more day before it was time for me to leave to head back home so I asked the ITP mailing list for help .
Tom Igoe was nice enough to step in and save the day again by letting me know that there ’s apparently a memory leak or some other problem in the Ethernet library and that the best way to keep it reliable over long periods of operation is to connect the Ethernet shield ’s reset pin to one of the Arduino ’s digital outputs and then pull it low after each successful request so that it will reset .
The next day , I came back into the GitHub office and followed his advice .
After I figured out that I needed to call Ethernet. begin ( ) again after resetting the shield , it worked like a dream , making requests reliably for a few hours .
At this point I declared the project feature complete and set about shoving all the electronic guts back inside of the stoplight case .
In the planning stages this was something I ’d actually been quite worried about because I assumed that , being steel , the stoplight case would be conductive and hence prone to making shorts on my boards .
On the second day of the project , however , I had the presence of mind to test the stoplight with my multimeter and , much to my pleasure , I discovered that the layer of paint coating the thing was not conductive at all .
In fact , nothing inside of the stoplight besides the screw terminals themselves were the slightest bit conductive .
This made the prospect of stuffing quite a bit of wire and PCB into the stoplight safely much more likely .
So , I covered the AC connections of the relays with hot glue as a safety measure for anyone who might accidentally end up in close proximity to them with the stoplight still plugged in , and basically just shoved all of the wires inside until the case would close .
It was a tight fit , but it worked in the end with space to spare .
I closed the whole thing up and got the guys to run a build and , lo and behold , the stoplight turned green !
Here ’s how it looks from the other side of the office from the table around which most of the work at GitHub actually gets done :
I just want to say a big thanks to PJ Hyett , Chris Wanstrath , and Tom Preston - Warner , GitHub ’s founders , for bringing me out as well as GitHub ’s Kyle Neath who helped set up the CI Joe integration .
This project would have been much harder and more dangerous without Tom Igoe ’s advice and Andy Delcambre ’s help at every stage of the build .
And , of course , a big thank you to Melissa Severini for thinking of me for this project in the first place .
If you want to learn more , the code is , of course , on GitHub : atduskgreg / GitHub - Stoplight .
And if you want some hardware bling for your own startup , do n’t hesitate to get in touch .
[ Stackless ]
Ann : Stackless Psyco
Hi friends , I am right now in Reykjavik , working on Stackless and Psyco for CCPgames .
http://www.ccpgames.com
They want a 64 bit version of Psyco , and I had to do some prototyping of stackless / psyco collaboration , to see if it makes sense at all .
I think I got this done so far .
Try out Stackless with Psyco !!!
-------------------------------
Stackless is unchanged , Psyco was enhanced to work with all versions of Stackless .
Right now , psyco for stackless is sitting in a private subfolder on codespeak .
This is only intermediate , psyco.org will be the main site soon .
If you checked out psyco before , you only need to svn update and you will find a ' private ' subfolder .
It contains the not yet published norman project with all the changes from last year , and the new stackless support .
For first checkout , use this : svn checkout http://codespeak.net/svn/psyco/v2/private/norman build it with setup.py , or add the supplied project file to your Visual Studio solution .
In order to set it up without an extra directory , you can copy the py - support folder , renaming it to psyco .
Adjust your python path , to include the directory that contains the psyco folder .
Compatibility ------------- -
No softswitching Stackless Psyco does not work with softswitching .
You can enable it , but psyco will do all compilation with softswitching suppressed .
That is , you loose the ability to pickle tasklets when psyco is active .
This will be improved in the future .
Stackless will grow a new switching mode that is supported by psyco .
- become and capture
After you import psyco , the methods tasklet .
become and tasklet .
capture become useless .
They are changed into D:\ccp\2.5\PCbuild8>lib\VC90.SP1\Win32\python_d.exe
Python 2.5.3a0 Stackless 3.1b3 060516 ( release25 - maint , Apr 16 2010 , 00:14:17 ) [ MSC v.1500 32 bit ( Intel ) ] on win32
Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information .
>>> import psyco , stackless [ 34782 refs ] >>> stackless.tasklet.become
NotImplemented [ 34784 refs ] >>>
Ideally , I would have removed these methods .
They are going away , and they are nearly impossible to support in Psyco .
But it is not possible , because Stackless uses flextype , a different approach to make builtin bethods efficiently overridable .
This was years before the descriptor protocol was introduced .
flextype will go away , but until then , it needs to stay so .
- cframes I had to tell psyco about cframes , because they show up in the Stackless generator implementation .
cframes are going away , too .
They were introduced as a speed boost .
But speed is the domain of psyco , and everything written in Python will get sped up for free .
Future ------
Stackless will gradually morph away in a more compatible way , and eventually become an extension module like Psyco .
This is a long path to go .
It will grow a new switching mode that is soft , but requires no rewrite of the core functions .
This switching mode will get full psyco support and acceleration .
Psyco will support 64 bit .
Not sure under what license , yet ;-) stay tuned -- chris -- Christian Tismer :^ ) < mailto: tismer at stackless.com > tismerysoft GmbH :
Have a break !
Take a ride on Python 's Johannes - Niemeyer - Weg 9A : * Starship * http://starship.python.net/
14109 Berlin : PGP key ->
http://wwwkeys.pgp.net/ work +49 30 802 86 56 mobile +49 173 24 18 776 fax +49 30 80 90 57 05 PGP 0x57F3BF04 9064 F4E1 D754 C2 FF 1619 305B C09C 5A3B 57F3 BF04 whom do you want to sponsor today ?
http://www.stackless.com/
Probably seen as America ’s biggest space rival , China has recently emerged as a major space power after conducting their first space walk in 2008 ( not to mention launching a lunar satellite around the Moon ) .
With future plans of launching a space station and sending Taikonauts ( aka Chinese astronauts ) to the Moon , China is going to need a lot of space pioneers –provided they are hitched to a spouse .
( Space.com ) Earlier this year , Chinese space officials said that one requirement for China ’s first female astronauts was that they were married , a requirement that is also upheld for China ’s male astronaut candidates .
Excluding the single masses from participating in the final frontier may sound like an odd rule , especially when you consider the fact that there are numerous single males in China on the prowl ( which is of itself a major issue ) .
However by requiring Taikonauts to be married , China could be planning on moving families off world in the not so distant future ( a strategy that may help them establish a permanent presence on both the Moon and Mars ) .
Note :
To my knowledge neither NASA or Russia require their astronauts and cosmonauts to marry , respectively , although the Chinese are insisting that married astronauts are better than bachelors ( at least psychologically ) .
Darnell Clayton blogs at Colony Worlds
View all of the Colony Worlds posts on the Monitor .
Add / view comments on this post .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Jon Chait points us to Politico ’s reporting of the great dilemma Republicans find themselves in this year :
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor wants a document , akin to Newt Gingrich ’s 1994 Contract With America , that identifies specific pieces of legislation Republicans could pass if they win back the House .
He thinks Republicans should “ put up or shut up , ” an aide close to the process said .
So does Indiana Rep. Mike Pence , the House Republican Conference chairman .
The party does n’t need “ sloganeering , ” someone familiar with his thinking said .
…. But Rep. Kevin McCarthy , the California Republican who is leading the effort to craft the document , says that including specific legislation in the contract would smack of the backroom deals the GOP accuses Democrats of making , so “ you wo n’t see it written out . ”
A backroom deal !
You ca n’t really call this Orwellian because at least Orwellianism makes a certain kind of sense .
This is the kind of thing you blurt out when you ca n’t think of anything to say but you know you have to say something .
Likewise , Steve Benen finds Sen. Scott Brown ( R–Mass . ) explaining that he ca n’t support financial reform because it ’s “ going to be an extra layer of regulation . ”
Which is like saying that you do n’t want better brakes on your car because “ they ’re going to slow me down . ”
And when the reporter followed up to ask what he wanted fixed in the current bill , he just got completely flummoxed : “ Well , what areas do you think should be fixed ? ” he said .
“ I mean , you know , tell me .
And then I ’ll get a team and go fix it . ”
Republicans must be praying that they can keep this up for the next six months .
They ’ve got a pretty good shot at it , I suppose , since people are unhappy enough about the economy that they do n’t really care much what the GOP is actually saying .
Still , it ’s a risk .
“ Time for a change ” may be one of the two all - time classic campaign slogans , but usually you need to give people at least a rough idea of what kind of change you ’re campaigning on .
But Republicans are afraid that even a rough idea is going to expose the fundamental incoherence of their positions .
It ’s quite a tightrope they ’re walking .
May 11 ( Reuters ) - The European Central Bank does not intend to reveal how much is being spent on its unprecedented bond - buying program because that information could assist speculators , a European monetary source said on Tuesday .
National central banks in the euro zone started buying government bonds at the behest of the ECB on Monday as a key part of efforts to prevent the debt problems of weak states from destabilising financial markets .
Details of the bond purchases remain vague , with no hint of how much central banks will buy .
The monetary source , speaking on condition of anonymity , said this was intentional , since even publishing purchase totals might give fodder to speculators .
“ It is not something that has a precommitted volume .
It is used with a goal of stabilising markets and therefore it makes no sense to discuss specific numbers , ” the source said .
“ We should avoid any information which could be used for speculative attacks . ”
The source said the ECB would target problem areas in the bond market , implying it would stick to bonds where yields spiked , a problem suffered by Greek , Portuguese , Spanish , Irish and Italian debt in recent weeks .
“ The intention is to get again control of the unorderly markets and I think this is a goal that has been achieved remarkably in an effective way , so I think it makes sense to stay on the way we have started , ” the source said .
STERILISATION
The ECB has said the bond purchases will not fuel inflation or add to the amount of money circulating in the economy because they will be offset by liquidity - absorbing measures .
But the monetary source said policymakers were still discussing the scope of these offsetting moves -- leaving open the option that not all the bond purchases would be completely sterilised .
ECB President Jean - Claude Trichet has said term deposits might be used in sterilisation efforts , and the monetary source noted the U.S. Federal Reserve had set an example by issuing bonds .
The source said he could not talk about whether the purchases would be 100 percent sterilised or go into technical details , but said the bigger the purchases were , the more need for sterilisation .
“ If volumes are larger , sterilisation becomes more pressing . ”
GROWTH
The source also said that while some countries would suffer under the pain of budget cuts , the euro zone as a whole would not be affected by fiscal belt - tightening .
Instead , the ECB could well revise up its forecasts for economic growth in the 16 - nation region on the back of a brighter global outlook , the source said .
“ For the time being I would think that we will rather have an upward revision because what we see is that world trade and therefore exports show a pretty strong development , ” he said .
“ If you look at the strong economies like Germany , like France , or Austria , we see that ... export performance is better than expected and therefore labour markets are better than expected .
So while it ’s early to say , I could imagine that we will also have upward revisions for the euro zone in its totality . ”
The source said there was no reason for the ECB to change its assessment of balanced inflation risks , despite pressures from rising commodity prices , and gave no hint that the ECB might raise rates from the current 1 percent any time soon .
“ Inflationary expectations are very balanced , and I do n’t see a major reason how this could change . ” ( Editing by James Dalgleish )
Not jQuery .
Not YUI .
Not ( etc. etc. )
Frameworks may be useful , but they are often hiding the sometimes - ugly details of how JavaScript and the DOM actually work from you .
If your aim is to be able to say “ I know JavaScript ” , then investing a lot of time in a framework is opposed to that .
Here are some JavaScript language features that you should know to grok what it 's doing and not get caught out , but which are n't immediately obvious to many people :
That object . prop and object [ ' prop ' ] are the same thing ( so can you please stop using eval , thanks ) ; that object properties are always strings ( even for arrays ) ; what for ... in is for ( and what it is n't ) .
Property - sniffing ; what undefined is ( and why it smells ) ; why the seemingly - little - known in operator is beneficial and different from typeof / undefined checks ; has OwnProperty ; the purpose of delete .
That the Number datatype is really a float ; the language - independent difficulties of using floats ; avoiding the parseInt octal trap .
Nested function scoping ; the necessity of using var in the scope you want to avoid accidental globals ; how scopes can be used for closures ; the closure loop problem .
How global variables and window properties collide ; how global variables and document elements should n't collide but do in IE ; the necessity of using var in global scope too to avoid this .
How the function statement acts to ‘ hoist ’ a definition before code preceding it ; the difference between function statements and function expressions ; why named function expressions should not be used .
How constructor functions , the prototype property and the new operator really work ; methods of exploiting this to create the normal class / subclass / instance system you actually wanted ; when you might want to use closure - based objects instead of prototyping .
( Most JS tutorial material is absolutely terrible on this ; it took me years to get it straight in my head . )
How this is determined at call - time , not bound ; how consequently method - passing does n't work like you expect from other languages ; how closures or Function # bind may be used to get around that .
Other ECMAScript Fifth Edition features like indexOf , forEach and the functional - programming methods on Array ; how to fix up older browsers to ensure you can use them ; using them with inline anonymous function expressions to get compact , readable code .
The flow of control between the browser and user code ; synchronous and asynchronous execution ; events that fire inside the flow of control ( eg. focus ) vs. events and timeouts that occur when control returns ; how calling a supposedly - synchronous builtin like alert can end up causing potentially - disastrous re-entrancy .
How cross - window scripting affects instanceof ; how cross - window scripting affects the control flow across different documents ; how postMessage will hopefully fix this .
See this answer regarding the last two items .
Most of all , you should be viewing JavaScript critically , acknowledging that it is for historical reasons an imperfect language ( even more than most languages ) , and avoiding its worst troublespots .
Crockford 's work on this front is definitely worth reading ( although I do n't 100 % agree with him on which the “ Good Parts ” are ) .
Maybe it ’s really the smoke monster from ABC ’s Lost .
Monday afternoon in the White House briefing room , Vice President Joe Biden lauded reports that “ early in the morning , October 18th , Iraqi security forces killed the two most senior leaders of al - Qaeda in Iraq during a series of joint security operations . ”
Biden apparently meant to say April 18th , but his confusion regarding the fate of Abu Omar al - Baghdadi is understandable , considering , as the Associated Press notes , “ Past Iraqi claims to have captured or killed al - Baghdadi have turned out to be wrong , and the Islamic State of Iraq has issued at least two denials of his capture . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Al - Baghdadi was so elusive that at times U.S. officials also have questioned whether he was a real person or merely a composite of a terrorist that the ISI invented to bolster its threats .
The U.S. military once even asserted that audio recordings in the name of a fictitious al - Baghdadi were in fact read by someone else .
In July of 2007 Reuters reported ,
A senior operative for al Qaeda in Iraq who was caught this month has told his U.S. military interrogators a prominent al Qaeda - led group is just a front and its leader fictitious , a military spokesman said on Wednesday .
Brigadier - General Kevin Bergner told a news conference that Abu Omar al - Baghdadi , leader of the self - styled Islamic State of Iraq , which was purportedly set up last year , did not exist .
The Islamic State of Iraq was established to try to put an Iraqi face on what is a foreign - driven network , Bergner said .
The name Baghdadi means the person hails from the Iraqi capital .
Bergner said the information came from an operative called Khalid al - Mashadani who was caught on July 4 and who he said was an intermediary to Osama bin Laden . ….
But Bergner said Mashadani and Masri had co-founded a “ virtual organization in cyberspace called the Islamic State of Iraq in 2006 as a new Iraqi pseudonym for AQI ” .
“ To further this myth , Masri created a fictional head of the Islamic State of Iraq known as Abu Omar al - Baghdadi , ” he said .
“ To make al - Baghdadi appear credible , al - Masri swore allegiance to al - Baghdadi and pledged to obey him , which is essentially pledging allegiance to himself since he knew Baghdadi was fictitious and a creation of his own , ” he said .
“ The rank and file Iraqis in AQI believe they are following the Iraqi al - Baghdadi .
But all the while they have been following the orders of the Egyptian Abu Ayyab al - Masri . ”
A July of 2007 LA Times story added , “ In March , he was declared captured .
In May , he was declared killed , and his purported corpse was displayed on state - run TV .
But Wednesday , Omar al - Baghdadi , the supposed leader of an al - Qaida - affiliated group in Iraq , was declared nonexistent by U.S. military officials , who say he is a fictional character created to give an Iraqi face to a foreign - run terror group . ”
According to Bergner , Mashadani helped create Islamic State of Iraq as a “ virtual organization ” that is essentially a pseudonym for al - Qaida in Iraq , another group that claims ties to al - Qaida .
The front organization was aimed at making Iraqis believe that al - Qaida in Iraq is a nationalistic group , even though it is led by an Egyptian and has few Iraqis among its leaders , Bergner told a news conference .
“ The Islamic State of Iraq is the latest effort by al - Qaida to market itself and its goal of imposing a Taliban - like state on the Iraqi people , ” he said .
Islamic State of Iraq had been widely described as an umbrella organization made up of several insurgent groups , including al - Qaida in Iraq .
There was no way to confirm the military ’s claim , which comes at a time of heightened pressure on the White House to justify keeping U.S. troops in Iraq .
Critics of the Bush administration say he has been trying to provide that justification by linking the broader - based al - Qaida to the conflict in Iraq , even though Bin Laden ’s organization had no substantial presence here until after the U.S. invasion of March 2003 .
“ The same people that attacked us on September the 11th is the crowd that is now bombing people ” in Iraq , President Bush said Tuesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ OMG !
They should wait till Friday the 13th to announce this , ” a Democratic Underground reader mocks .
“ The guy has more lives than Jason . ”
In September of 2008 , military blogger Bill Roggio wrote ,
The US military dropped a bombshell in July 2007 when it stated Baghdadi was in fact a fictitious person created by Abu Ayyub al Masri , the leader of al Qaeda in Iraq .
Baghdadi was played by an Iraqi actor named Abu Abdullah al Naima , the military stated .
This was confirmed after the capture and interrogation of Khalid Abdul Fatah DaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ud Mahmud Al Mashadani , al Qaeda ’s media emir at the time .
The debate over Baghdadi ’s identity died down after the July 2007 announcement .
Baghdadi continued to release video and audiotapes .
But Baghdadi refused to show his face , and the voice continued to match Naima ’s , a senior US military intelligence official and a senior US military officer told The Long War Journal .
The US military ’s claim that Baghdadi is a fictitious character was challenged in May of this year after Haditha ’s police chief identified the man leading al Qaeda ’s Islamic State of Iraq .
The Haditha police chief said Baghdadi ’s real identity is Hamed Dawood Mohammed Khalil al Zawi .
“ He was an officer in the security services and was dismissed from the army because of his extremism , ” the police chief told al Arabiya television . ….
“ Al Qaeda in Iraq filled in the position with a real individual after Multinational Forces Iraq revealed that Abdullah al Naima was a hired actor , ” a senior US military intelligence source told The Long War Journal on the condition of anonymity .
The sources confirmed that Zawi is now Baghdadi .
ADVERTISEMENT
Two years ago , the spokesman for the Iraqi Sunni jihad organization Hamas - Iraq , Ahmad Salah Al - Din told a Qatari paper that Al - Masri was the real leader of AQI .
“ Salah Al - Din claimed that Al - Qaeda ’s real commander [ in Iraq ] was Abu Ayub Al - Masri , and that [ Abu ‘ Omar ] Al - Baghdadi was an Iraqi figure to whom many [ words and deeds ] are attributed solely to create the impression that [ Al - Qaeda is a genuinely ] Iraqi organization .
He said that [ Abu Ayub ]
Al - Masri had been rescued from arrest by an Arab intelligence apparatus using a diplomatic vehicle belonging to the Iranian Embassy …
Salah Al - Din explained that as of late , Al - Qaeda in Iraq had considerably diminished in size – so much so that today it can be said to constitute 15 percent of what it was a year ago , [ and that therefore , even ] if Al - Qaeda has begun launching suicide operations , these [ operations ] are not proof of its strength … ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
And just like Al - Baghdadi , the Iraqi government has declared that Al - Masri was killed multiple times in the past , and in 2007 , “ An Iraqi intelligence report suggested that al - Masri had fallen foul of a growing feud between his foreign - led al - Qaeda cells and home - grown Sunni insurgents , ” a British newspaper reported .
Further excerpts from Biden ’s address :
The former leaders of AQI , the ones who plotted , planned and executed terror attacks against the Iraqis in recent past as well as against Americans .
Their deaths are potentially devastating blows to al - Qaeda in Iraq .
But equally important in my view is this action demonstrates the improved security strength and capacity of Iraqi security forces .
The Iraqis led this operation and it was based on intelligence the Iraqi security forces themselves developed following their capture of a senior aqi leader last month .
In short , the Iraqis have taken the lead in securing Iraq and its citizens by taking out these individuals .
This counterterrorism operation is the culmination of a lot of cooperation and very hard work by Iraqi and U.S. forces to degrade AQI over the past several months and years .
ADVERTISEMENT
Biden took no questions from the press after his brief statement .
This video is from The White House , broadcast April 19 , 2010 .
Lowden denies chickens - for - checkups comment
Flash : Must - watch chickens - for - checkups video .
Forget last night 's results .
This is way more important .
Exactly 42 days after Sue Lowden first committed the original chickens - for - checkups gaffe , she 's still struggling to put it behind her -- and now she 's explicitly denying originally making chicken - related assertions she plainly did make .
Lowden got into a testy exchange over chickens - for - checkups with Nevada journalist Jon Ralston at yesterday 's GOP Senate primary debate , and Harry Reid 's campaign has now posted the video :
Lowden rebukes her host , insisting that he go out and see for themselves that people are bartering for health care .
But the best part comes towards the end .
Ralston directly confronts Lowden with her own words , and she denies ever saying them .
Ralston points out that Lowden talked about how people used to barter chickens for checkups in the old days , and he quotes her saying : " I 'm not backing down from that system . "
" No , I never said `from that system , ' " Lowden shot back .
" I never said , `from that system . ' "
In reality , Lowden originally said : " Before we all started having health care , in the olden days our grandparents , they would bring a chicken to the doctor ...
I 'm not backing down from that system . "
I have no idea how this affects Reid 's reelection chances -- he 's got a long way to go until November -- but it makes for much - needed entertainment after a very long night ....
Stanford Racing Team's " Junior "
( PhysOrg.com ) -- " Junior , " an autonomous car developed by the Stanford Racing Team , has been taught how to park itself -- by putting itself into reverse , accelerating up to 25 miles per hour , and then suddenly braking while turning the wheel sharply , which starts it on a 180 - degree spinning slide right into the parking spot .
Video of the robotic car ’s parking procedure was shown at the 2010 International Conference on Robotics and Automation ( ICRA ) in Anchorage , Alaska last week .
The car can reliably and repeatedly park itself in this way .
Junior was introduced to the world in the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) Urban Challenge in 2007 , where the car drove almost flawlessly and came second .
Since then the team have been working on teaching Junior to do more complex maneuvers .
In normal driving along a straight line the car ’s computer adjusts the car ’s brakes , steering and fuel systems with a closed - loop system using data from sensors built into the car , but the dynamics are much harder to predict and model in a complex maneuver such as spinning and sliding into a parking spot .
The team then tried an open - loop process in which they simply repeated the control inputs from the slide parking section of the demonstration to try to end up with the car in the same place each time .
The problem with this method was there was no correction of errors when the car was traveling in a straight line , and this could change the car ’s final position .
To teach Junior the stunt the team then combined the two methods , using the closed - loop control while the car was approaching , and then smoothly switching to open - loop control for the spin and slide into position .
The decision about when to switch between the two modes of operation was made by the car ’s software , based on observation , and the final result impressively and reliably places the car exactly where it is supposed to be .
The parking stunt has a serious side , since it aims to give the robotic car more flexibility in emergencies or unexpected situations .
The annual DARPA Urban Challenge aims to help developers design autonomous vehicles for military uses .
It features robotic vehicles executing various maneuvers in a simulated city environment .
Explore further Scientist creates formula for perfect parking
More information : Stanford Racing Team page : Stanford Racing Team page : cs.stanford.edu/group/roadrunner
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Roman Warming ( was it global ? )
Gullible Rudd steps right in it
Rudd let slip a line in his frustration this week that reveals how little he knows about the topic he holds so dear .
He has so completely swallowed the PR on climate science , that when poked , he reflexively fires back exaggerated scientific claims that would make even the IPCC blush .
In 2007 the IPCC and Gore et al offered Rudd the perfect Election - Wedge - on - a- Platter .
They ’d primed the audience with propaganda ; trained the crowd to recite : Carbon is pollution .
It looked like a no - brainer .
Yet having based his leadership and campaign on it , it ’s obvious he had not done even the most basic of checks ( and still apparently has n’t ) .
It ’s an abject lesson in the importance of doing some homework before rewriting a nation ’s economy .
Last week Tony Abbott ( the Australian opposition leader ) told school children that it was warmer ” at the time of Julius Caesar and Jesus of Nazareth ” .
This banal line set off a flurry of denial and bluster .
Rudd was incredulous in the Parliamentary Hansard record to the opposition members last week :
… how is it that , in the 21st century , you could support this Leader of the Opposition , who says that the world was hotter in Jesus ’ time ?
How could you actually hold to a belief , in defiance of total science around the world , that somehow in the last 2000 years the world has become cooler , not warmer ?
How could you stand behind a leader who says that the industrial revolution , in effect , did not happen ?
In defiance of “ total science ” ?
Or totalitarian science ?
It ’s true it ’s difficult to know the exact temperature of the globe in the year one ( it ’s difficult to know the exact global temperature in 1975 , too ) , but there are scientists reporting in journals from all over the world that back up Mr Abbott .
We know it really must have been warmer in Europe thanks to written historical records and artefacts that pop out of melting glaciers .
As William Kinninmonth points out , Hannibal took an army of elephants across the Alps in winter in 200 BC .
And we all know that the Romans are not known for wearing fur coats .
Rudd is apoplectic with the non-sequiteur about the industrial revolution :
If temperatures were warmer in 10 BC , somehow that nullifies the steam engine 1800 years later ?
In Rudd - land , no one can even imagine the parallel universe where carbon might not control the climate .
A warmer world in Roman times ?
A quick tour of peer reviewed research around the globe shows it was also warmer in China , North America , Venezuela , South Africa , and the Sargasso Sea 2000 years ago .
And of course , Greenland tells an evocative tale .
Greenland temperatures – cooling for 3000 years
Long - term , temperatures have been declining for at least 3000 years .
The graph stops about 100 years ago but even allowing for the extra rise in the last century , temperatures today are cooler than in Medieval times and cooler than Roman times .
It ’s clear from hundreds of studies that the medieval warm period was a global phenomenon and was warmer than today .
Some of the studies below may not include modern temperatures , but they show that the Roman era was comparable to Medieval times .
Thanks to the Craig Idso at CO2Science for compiling so many of these on his site .
Great plains of North America
Source ( Nordt 2008 )
Nordt , L. , von Fischer , J. , Tieszen , L. and Tubbs , J. 2008 .
Coherent changes in relative C4 plant productivity and climate during the late Quaternary in the North American Great Plains .
Quaternary Science Reviews 27 : 1600 - 1611 .
Makassar Strait ( Indo Pacific )
Source : Oppo 2009
Reference : Oppo , D.W. , Rosenthal , Y. and Linsley , B.K. 2009 .
2,000 - year - long temperature and hydrology reconstructions from the Indo - Pacific warm pool .
Nature 460 : 1113-1116 .
China
Source : Fengming 2008 .
For more : See also , and here and East China Sea .
Fengming , C. , Tiegang , L. , Lihua , Z. and Jun , Y. 2008 .
A Holocene paleotemperature record based on radiolaria from the northern Okinawa Trough ( East China Sea ) .
Quaternary International 183 : 115-122 .
Sargasso Sea ( Atlantic Ocean )
Keigwin , L.D. 1996 .
The Little Ice Age and Medieval Warm Period in the Sargasso Sea .
Science 274 : 1504-1507 .
See also Richter 2009
Richter , T.O. , Peeters , F.J.C. and van Weering , T.C.E. 2009 .
Late Holocene ( 0 - 2.4 ka BP ) surface water temperature and salinity variability , Feni Drift , NE Atlantic Ocean .
Quaternary Science Reviews 28 : 1941-1955 .
Venzuela
Source : Black 2004
Black , D. E. , Thunell , R. C. , Kaplan , A. , Peterson , L. C. and Tappa , E. J. 2004 .
A 2000 - year record of Caribbean and tropical North Atlantic hydrographic variability .
Paleoceanography 19 , PA2022 , doi:10.1029/2003PA000982 .
South Africa
Source : Holmgren 2001 .
See also here and here in African reconstructions .
Holmgren , K. , Tyson , P.D. , Moberg , A. and Svanered , O. 2001 .
A preliminary 3000 - year regional temperature reconstruction for South Africa .
South African Journal of Science 97 : 49 -51 .
The Southern Ocean 7000 year record also shows long term cooling as well as the Roman Warm Period .
Vostok Antarctica , last 12,000 years
Vostok seems to move according to it ’s own local agenda ( probably due to it being whiter , colder and more isolated than anywhere else ) .
But none - the - less , the long term curve — the big swing — matches the Greenland record , and temperatures peaked thousands of years ago and are on a general long term slide .
LATE POST ADDITION : I would n’t draw too many conclusions from the trendline of Antarctic data , the graph is there for completeness .
There ’s a linear downtrend over the last 5000 and last 12,000 years as well , but I doubt it ’s statistically significant .
What matters for this post is that if many places around the rest of the globe were warmer 2000 years ago , to counter that , Antarctica would need to be dramatically cooling to keep the average the same .
For Kevin Rudd to be right– and to claim the world has warmed from 2000 years ago , Antarctica would need to be very very cold .
It was n’t .
EXTRA NOTE
Charlie B and Chris both pointed out that a study in shells off Iceland shows the Roman Warm Period ( RWP ) and the MWP .
( Can someone test shells around Australia ? )
“ No Scientists ” eh Mr Rudd ?
Name the scientist who claims it was globally cooler in Roman Times .
Thanks to Baa Humbug for finding the Hansard quote and helping with the graphs .
H/t Mattb for asking about the trend .
UPDATE : 8-12-2011
Headline changed to reflect the more useful long term point of this post .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 9.9/10 ( 14 votes cast )
Personal Quote :
[ on why he did n't read the complete play of " Othello " before acting in the film version in which more than half of the dialogue was cut ]
Why should I read all those words that I 'm not going to get to say ?
Andor Arnoldovich Lilienthal , 1911 – 2010
Can you imagine someone saying : “ I have beaten Lasker , Capablanca and Alekhine ” .
Actually saying it today , the year 2008 ?
But Andor Lilienthal , who three days ago celebrated his 99th birthday , was the oldest living grandmaster .
In his long career he had recorded wins against Emanuel Lasker , José Raúl Capablanca , Alexander Alekhine ( in three of four blitz games ) , Max Euwe , Mikhail Botvinnik , Vasily Smyslov , as well as players like Tartakower , Najdorf , Bronstein and Taimanov .
You do n't believe us ?
Lilienthal , Andor - Capablanca , Jose Raul [ E24 ]
Hastings 3435 Hastings ( 5 ) , 01.01.1935
1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 Bb4 4.a3 Bxc3 + 5.bxc3 b6 6.f3 d5 7.Bg5 h6 8.Bh4 Ba6 9.e4 Bxc4 10 .
Bxc4 dxc4 11.Qa4 + Qd7 12.Qxc4 Qc6 13.Qd3 Nbd7 14.Ne2 Rd8 15.0-0 a5 16.Qc2 Qc4 17.f4 Rc8 18.f5 e5 19.dxe5 Qxe4
20.exf6 Qxc2 21.fxg7 Rg8 22.Nd4 Qe4 23 .Rae1 Nc5 24 .
Rxe4 + Nxe4 25 .Re1 Rxg7 26 . Rxe4 + 1-0 .
This game is very famous .
Lilienthal used to relate : " Wherever I went on an exhibition tour , both in the Soviet Union and elsewhere , chess players and fans always asked me to show them how I sacrificed the queen against the great Cuban .
When Bobby Fischer noticed Lilienthal in the audience at his 1992 return match against Boris Spassky , Fischer greeted him with the remark " Pawn e5 takes f6 ! "
Here are some more of Lilienthal 's memorable games ...
Lilienthal was born in Moscow on May 5 , 1911 to Hungarian Jewish parents .
He moved to Hungary at age two .
He played for Hungary in three Chess Olympiads , 1933 , 1935 , and 1937 .
Emigrating to the Soviet Union in 1935 , he became a Soviet citizen in 1939 .
Lilienthal played in the USSR Chess Championship eight times , with his best result being a first place tie with Igor Bondarevsky in 1940 .
He qualified for the Candidates ' Tournament once , in 1948 .
From 1951 until 1960 he was Tigran Petrosian 's trainer .
Lilienthal began a friendship with Vasily Smyslov in 1938 , and was Smyslov 's second in his world championship matches against Botvinnik .
He retired from tournament play in 1965 and returned to Hungary in 1976 .
Three Lilienthal books ( scans provided by Edward Winter ) .
The Hungarian autobiography was published by Sport , Budapest in 1985 , and the German translation came from Verlag Harri Deutsch ( Thun , Frankfurt / Main ) in 1988 .
The other book , Lilienthal 's Hundred Best Games edited by George Négyesi , was published by Caissa Chess Books , Kecskemét in 2001 .
Some further historical pictures of Andor Lilienthal from the selection presented in Edward Winter 's Chess Notes Archives ( see C.N. 6569 ) :
In Chess Explorations 30 Edward Winter quoted a chess - related poem , ‘ Chess Players ’ , on pages 120 - 124 of Blood of Things ( New York , 1920 ) .
It is especially intriguing for two apparently prescient references to a player named Lilienthal .
Here , for example , are the last few lines of the poem :
" At that time , of course , Andor Lilienthal ( born 1911 ) was unknown to the chess world , " writes Winter .
The portrait of Lilienthal below comes from opposite page 32 of El Ajedrez Español , October 1934 :
Lilienthal in the past five years
At the Cap d'Agde tournament of 2003 Andor Lilienthal was one of the special guests
Age difference 72 years : Lilienthal with FIDE champ Ruslan Ponomariov in 2003
With wife Olga on his 94th birthday in 2005
This is how the 94 - year - old got around Budapest
Andor in his Toyota Yaris
Lilienthal in his home in 2008
His work desk
With Slobodan Adzic , who supplied most of these pictures
To the end – always animated when talking about chess
ChessBase reports
The Pirate Bay is suffering some temporary downtime as their bandwidth provider has stopped passing through traffic .
A week ago , Hollywood got an injunction to effectively shut down the Pirate Bay by threatening its provider with huge fines .
The Pirate Bay team is currently working on a solution .
A few days ago we exclusively revealed that several major Hollywood movie studios had obtained a preliminary injunction against CyberBunker operator CB3ROB Ltd. & Co. KG from the Regional Court of Hamburg .
The injunction , which was granted without an oral hearing , stated that CB3ROB and Managing Director Sven Olaf Kamphuis were now prohibited from connecting The Pirate Bay website and its servers to the Internet .
yesterday Kamphuis officially confirmed receiving the injunction and has decided to stop routing The Pirate Bay ’s traffic until his lawyers have carefully read and reviewed the legal documents .
This decision has resulted in downtime for the world ’s largest BitTorrent site .
A Pirate Bay insider told TorrentFreak that they are not planning to wait for a decision from the Cyberbunker team , and that they ’ve already set the backup process in motion which will bring the site back online .
The Pirate Bay ’s servers are untouched and getting the site up and running only requires the routing ( IP - tunnel ) to go through another provider .
It may take several hours before this process has been completed and before all ISPs see the new AS - path .
TorrentFreak was assured , however , that things will return to normal as soon as possible , probably within hours .
Ever since
The Pirate Bay ’s servers were raided back in 2006 , the operators of the site have taken extreme measures to ensure that there are proper backup mechanisms in place and that the locations of the servers are well concealed .
Where the servers are actually located remains a mystery .
Update :
The site is still offline after a few hours .
The Pirate Bay teams is working hard on getting it back up but there ’s no ETA .
Update :
The site is back ( tpb blog ) for most people now .
The Pirate Party is the new host .
At long last , author Jim Munroe and illustrator Shannon Gerard are releasing Sword of My Mouth , the sequel to post - rapture graphic novel Therefore Repent !
Now you can win a free copy by telling us what these guys are saying .
Advertisement
Give us some dialogue for Gerard 's illustration in comments , and the top ten ( as chosen by Munroe ) will get free e-book versions of the comic .
First place winner gets a real life paper copy .
You have 24 hours : Contest closes May 4 at 11:30 PST .
We reviewed the brilliant and haunting Therefore Repent !
when it came out , and you can read about it here .
( That book is now available online for free , so it 's easy and cheap to catch up with the series . )
Advertisement
Here 's what 's happening in Sword of My Mouth :
Ella 's baby is n't quite right .
But since the righteous floated into the sky and magic started working , not much is .
A stand - alone story continuing on from the acclaimed graphic novel Therefore Repent ! , Sword of My Mouth moves the focus from Chicago , under siege by angels with machine guns , to the urban prairie of Detroit .
Folks in the D have banded together to turn land with burned - out crackhouses into farming tracts , and seem to be on a road to self - sufficiency … until Famine rides into town .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
You can read more about Sword here .
The book comes out Thursday in Canada , and May 15 in the States .
Quick .
Name a local independent literary source besides Changing Hands that 's been in the book biz for more than a decade ?
Were you going to say the Anarchist Library ?
Well , it 's true .
The Joey G. run spot has been at it for eleven years and running .
This weekend , they 're throwing a bash to celebrate .
If you 're wondering where it 's been all of these years , the answer is all over the place because the stacks have been a transitory bunch .
They 've lived in now defunct spaces such as Thought Crime on Central Avenue and Roosevelt Street as well as Counter Culture Café at 24th Street and Thomas Road .
For the past two years , a haphazard array of titles - arranged in categories like " conspiracies " and " history " - have been contained in the back room of Conspire , 901 North 5th Street , which is also the spot for the birthday bash that commences at 4 p.m. Saturday , May 8 .
The par -tay will showcase workshops , mix tape exchanges , poetry readings , and a " crazy free market , " according to Robyn Kingsley , who slings coffee at Conspire and runs the Free Blanket Phoenix program .
" It 'll be the biggest one we 've had for some time .
Grace Daniels has put on a monthly really really free market since maybe February or March .
We 're combining energies for this one because it's the library 's eleventh birthday , " says Kingsley .
Admission is free .
For more info , check out this Facebook event page .
As we had been reporting lately , Janet Porter of Faith 2 Action had become increasingly involved in “ dominion ” theology , the idea that Christians are called to take complete control over every aspect of human life in order to bring about the return of Christ .
There is something called “ 7 Mountains ” theology that sets out seven specific aspects of the national culture that Christians are supposed to retake and this “ 7 Mountains ” theology was at the very center of Porter ’s May Day prayer rally at the Lincoln Memorial over the weekend .
Organizers had been preparing for as many as 8,0000 to attend but no more than a few hundred actually showed up , leading speakers to plead with those in attendance to make sizable donations to help defray the $ 70,000 cost of putting on the event .
Today , I was listening to VCY America , which carries Porter ’s daily radio program , in order to hear how she would spin this epic failure … but instead of hearing Porter ’s program begin at 2:00 pm as scheduled , I heard instead a statement from VCY America ’s Vic Eliason announcing that they would no longer be carrying or supporting her program due to her increasing involvement with dominion theology :
Because of the long standing of Faith2Action on VCY America , which has provided satellite services , air time , production , and line fees without charge , we know there will be many who will question its discontinuance .
VCY has been wrestling for months with the drift of the program toward “ dominion theology ” and ecumenism .
The following links bring up articles which describe the issues in detail The Coalescing of the Religious Right with Apostolic Dominionism May Day Prayers : What Repentance ?
This has not been an easy decision , but a line has been crossed that VCY America cannot ignore .
Faith2Action has chosen to go in a direction that is not consistent with the biblical position of VCY America .
Once the message began and I realized its significant , I scrambled to record it and managed to capture a good portion of the announcement as Elisaon explains that they had repeatedly warned Porter about her dominionism to no avail , thus forcing them to sever their ties with her and her program :
Why Did the Pope Keep Quiet About Hitler ?
How much did the Catholic Church hierarchy know about Hitler ’s oppression of the Jews as it was happening ?
And why did n’t it speak up ?
With the opening of the Vatican archives from the pre-World War II years , we can finally explore these heated questions — and German historian Hubert Wolf has dug through the files to find damning evidence that Pope Pius XII , known to critics as “ Hitler ’s pope , ” made a conscious decision to pass on the issue , leaving it up to his bishops in Germany to protect the Jews and Catholics who were being persecuted .
Even when directly confronted with the growing enormity of the situation , as in this story of a German bishop who did stand up for his morals , the pope avoided public action . *
Clemens August Count von Galen , the bishop of Münster , was a “ perfectly ordinary fellow , with quite a limited intellectual endowment , who therefore had not until very recently seen where things were going , and therefore was always inclined to come to terms . ”
This less than flattering assessment came from none other than Bishop von Preysing of Berlin and dates from the summer of 1941 , when Galen gave his three famous sermons in Münster .
A completely average person , a child of his time and place , only moderately talented , Galen was not a man who came easily by the moral courage to call the Nazi policy of euthanasia precisely what it was — the murder of innocent human beings .
From the beginning , Galen had been just as critical of the National Socialists as he had earlier been of the Weimar Republic .
Although Galen primarily opposed National Socialism for ecclesiastical reasons without questioning the legitimacy of the regime itself , this would change in 1936 .
In his sermon at the Xanten pilgrimage on September 6 , he for the first time formulated something akin to righteous resistance to an unjust regime motivated by human rights and freedom of conscience .
Drawing on the Acts of the Apostles ( 5:29 ) — “ We must obey God rather than men ” — Galen celebrated the martyrs of Xanten of late antiquity , to whom humankind owed a debt of gratitude , not only because “ of their Christian faith , but also for reasons of human dignity , which they defended with their blood and life !
Because at the very moment in which human authority conflicts in its commands with the clearly recognized will of God , witnessed in one ’s own conscience , it ceases to be the ‘ servant of God . ' ”
Nonetheless , it was a far distance from a sermon about the historical martyrdom of the saints of Xanten to a willingness to become a blood witness to human rights .
The tipping point , which could hardly have been more clear and unambiguous , may very well have been a conversation Galen had on June 7 or 8 , 1941 , with the Dominican priest Odilo Braun .
Braun showed him lists of monasteries that had been seized in other dioceses and urged him to act .
Four weeks later , Galen risked a ban and arrest by directly condemning the regime and its henchmen , the Gestapo : “ Every German citizen is completely unprotected and defenseless in the face of the physical superiority of the Gestapo . ”
At this point , Galen was no longer merely defending the rights and claims of the Church ; he was now unambiguously advocating for human rights and human dignity .
His sermon on August 3 , 1941 , has not lost its power to move : “ Here we are dealing with human beings , with our neighbors , brothers and sisters , the poor and invalids … unproductive — perhaps !
But have they , therefore , lost the right to live ?
Have you or I the right to exist only because we are ‘ productive ’ ? …
A curse on men and on the German people if we break the holy commandment :
Thou shalt not kill ….
Woe to us German people if we not only license this heinous offence but allow it to be committed with impunity ! ”
Galen ’s public protests led to a temporary halt in the killing program .
The Nazis were hit and had to take public opinion into account .
In the Reich chancellery , some around Martin Bormann , its head , considered hanging Galen to intimidate the other bishops — preferably from the church tower of St. Lambert’s .
Hitler wanted him to stand trial before the People ’s Court .
In the end , Joseph Goebbels ’s position won out .
It was decided to postpone dealing with Galen until the final victory .
There was no point in creating Catholic martyrs in the middle of a war , which would only drive the Catholic population to the barricades against the Nazi regime .
Be that as it may , Galen ’s sermons against euthanasia must be weighed against his silence about the persecution of the Jews .
He remained quiet about the Nuremberg laws , Kristallnacht , and the Holocaust .
We can only speculate as to the reasons for his silence .
There is no doubt , however , that Galen came from an “ us and them ” milieu in which an undertow of religious and social anti-Judaism was more or less part of everyday life .
Galen was not untouched by these tendencies .
For example , on his trip to Lithuania in 1918 , he characterized the city of Vilna as “ dirty and full of Jews . ”
Other than that , however , we have hardly any anti-Semitic statements from him .
He vehemently criticized the racist premises underpinning National Socialist anti-Semitism and the Nazis ’ denigration of the Old Testament .
In the end , he was convinced of the unity of humankind and of the fact that each individual was created in God ’s likeness .
Galen had close relations with the Münster rabbi Fritz Leopold Steinthal and immediately asked about his well - being after Kristallnacht .
But persecuted Jews were looking for help from the bishop , particularly after the sermons of the summer of 1941 .
An anonymous petitioner wrote to Galen , “ Reverend , as you know , on September 19 … a Jewish sign has been decreed for us , and no one will be permitted on the street without this sign .
We are subjected to the mob ; everyone may spit on us without our being able to defend ourselves ! …
Only the insane idea , the crazy hope that somewhere a helper will appear drives me to write this letter .
May God bless you ! ”
If a public protest by a German bishop caused the National Socialists at least partially to limit their murderous policy , it is frequently asked , should that not have been a clear sign to Pius XII ?
Should that not have encouraged him to give up his indirect pronouncements and condemn the Holocaust publicly , calling it by its name — systematic genocide ?
Galen ’s sermons must have made an extremely long - lasting impression on Pius XII .
They are also the reason the pope made him a cardinal in the spring of 1946 .
Pius XII apparently read these sermons so often that he could recite them by heart .
The pope ’s housekeeper , Sister Maria Pascalina Lehnert , reported on an audience that the pope had with the new cardinal .
“ With sparkling eyes , ” Galen had told her , “ how Pius XII recited various passages from his sermons , as if he had learned them by heart , thanking him repeatedly for everything he had done . ”
In a letter to Bishop Preysing , his liaison in the German episcopate , dated September 30 , 1941 , the pope wrote , “ The three sermons given by Bishop von Galen also provide us consolation and gratification such as we have long not experienced as we proceed along the way of the Cross on which we accompany the Catholics of Germany . ”
The bishop had “ in a very open but noble manner placed his finger on the wounds and injuries … that each righteous thinking German experiences as painful and bitter . ”
The pope understood full well that the National Socialists ’ suspension of their policy would probably only be temporary , and that words alone could not redress the injustice .
However , he saw Galen ’s sermons as evidence of “ how much can still be achieved by open and resolute action within the Reich . ”
The pope continued with a sentence that sheds light on his own policy of silence in the face of National Socialist injustice : “ We emphasize that [ point ] because the Church in Germany is all the more dependent on your public action , as the general political situation in its difficult and frequently contradictory particularities imposes the duty of restraint on the supreme head of the entire Church in his public proclamations . ”
Pius XII assured Preysing that public protests by the German bishops had always enjoyed his full support and would continue to be supported in the future .
He was aware that his responses to the National Socialist regime , which consisted of secret diplomatic exchanges of memoranda with the German government and papal petitions , had not had the desired effect .
This shows that Pius XII would have liked to speak as openly as Galen .
From Pius ’s perspective , Galen could speak publicly because , as a German bishop and head of the diocese of Münster , he was responsible only for his flock , whereas the pope ’s hands were tied , precisely because of his role as supreme shepherd of all Catholics throughout the world .
The pope was obliged to remain politically neutral .
That was why he could not hurl a thunderbolt at the National Socialists .
As Pius realized , at least in 1941 , he would have to leave to the bishops the open conflict with the devil .
* Correction : Due to an editorial error , this piece originally referred to the Pope ’s attitude toward Hitler during the Holocaust ; but the archives explored by Wolf only encompass the pre-Holocaust years .
We regret the error .
Kudzu :
It 's worse than you thought .
The invasive plant now covers more than 7 million acres in the United States , mostly in the Southeast but not limited to there .
Besides overrunning trees as it spreads like wildfire , the vine also brings another danger :
In a study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Jonathan Hickman sounds the alarm that kudzu could cause a spike in ozone , polluting the air .
Ozone , of course , is a good thing when it 's high in our atmosphere , blocking some of the sun 's harmful radiation .
But down on the surface of the planet , ozone is n't such a good thing .
It can cause respiratory problems in people and harm plants ' ability to absorb carbon dioxide ; it also is a major constituent of smog .
Kudzu 's contribution to ozone levels works like this :
Like other members of the pea family , or legumes , Kudzu grabs nitrogen from the air and puts it into the soil .
There microbes convert nitrogen into nitrous nitric oxide , one of the pollutants that also comes from automobile exhaust .
That gas escapes from the soil and into the air , and undergoes reactions that lead to the creation of ozone [ Discovery News ] .
When this reaction happens on a small scale it 's not a big problem .
However , there 's getting to be so much kudzu in the U.S. that Hickman decided to measure what its ozone contribution might be .
So his team studied the soil of Madison County , Georgia
, picking some areas where kuzdu had invaded and some where it had not .
In the kudzu - ed areas , he says , nitric oxide emissions were double that of the kudzu - free areas .
To drive home the point , Hickman and his colleagues ran a simulation in which kudzu spread over the entirety of its region except for soils in the city or those used in agriculture .
Crunching those numbers , the team estimated a dramatic increase — 35 percent — in the number of days that would register an atmospheric ozone level in excess of the safe limit set by the Environmental Protection Agency .
That 's a pretty extreme scenario ; kudzu alone is n't going to drive up ozone pollution by a third .
Even with kudzu stretching out ever further , its present contribution to ozone
is most likely a minor one , Hickman says , but the ozone potential is one more reason to loathe the vine .
He acknowledged that any soil used to grow nitrogen - fixing plants or were fertilised for agricultural reasons would result in an increase in gases involved in the formation of ozone .
" But in those cases , we are doing these things for necessary reasons -- namely food production , " he observed .
" In the case of Kudzu , it is an undesirable plant that is spreading over a large area in the south - east US " [ BBC News ] .
It 's also an undesirable plant that people brought to America on purpose , making it not just a poster child for invasive species , but also for importing a foreign organism to try to fix some other problem in an ecosystem .
Kudzu ( Pueraria montana ) is a rapidly growing vine native to Asia that was introduced to the United States in 1876 at the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia as an ornamental plant and later promoted to farmers in the Southeast as a means of controlling soil erosion by the U.S. Soil Conservation Service during the 1930s [ LiveScience ] .
Related Content : DISCOVER : The Truth About Invasive Species
DISCOVER : Humans vs. Animals : Our Fiercest Battles With Invasive Species
( photo gallery ) 80 beats : Should Humans Relocate Animals Threatened by Global Warming ?
80 beats : Globalized Pollution : Asian Smog Floats to American Skies
80 beats : Today 's Biggest Threat to the Ozone Layer : Laughing Gas
Image : flickr / SoftCore Studios
Under IWC proposals countries that hunt whales despite ban would have to agree to catch limits
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
An attempt to break the impasse over the global ban on whaling by allowing the first legal commercial hunting of whales in nearly 25 years came under attack from conservationists today .
The International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) has proposed a 10 - year " peace plan " , which it said would maintain the global moratorium on commercial whaling but allow limited catches for those countries that continue to hunt whales despite the ban .
The plan aims to broker a compromise in the dispute between countries such as Britain which are opposed to whaling and those that hunt the mammals .
Currently Iceland and Norway whale commercially , setting their own quotas , while Japan exploits a loophole allowing it to catch whales under an exemption for " scientific " whaling .
Under the proposals set out by the IWC those countries would have to agree to catch limits set by the commission and based on scientific advice .
The IWC said the plan , which will be discussed at the annual meeting of the commission 's 88 country members in June , would mean several thousand fewer whales would be caught than if the current situation continued .
Cristian Maquieira , chairman of the IWC , said : " For the first time since the adoption of the commercial whaling moratorium , we will have strict , enforceable limits on all whaling operations .
As a result , several thousand less whales will be killed over the period of the agreement .
In addition , no other IWC countries will be permitted to start hunting whales during the period . "
The IWC urged countries to put their differences aside to focus on ensuring the world had " healthy " whale stocks .
It also said the plan would mean a whale sanctuary was created in the South Atlantic .
But the wildlife charity WWF said the plans allowed for the hunting of endangered fin whales and sei whales whose numbers have been severely depleted by commercial whaling .
It would also endorse whaling in the Southern Ocean whale sanctuary , which is an important feeding ground for species including blue whales , humpback whales and fin whales , WWF said .
Heather Sohl , species policy officer for WWF - UK , said : " If there is one place on Earth where whales should have full protection , it is the Southern Ocean .
" Some whales feed exclusively in the Southern Ocean – not eating at all during the winter months when they travel up to tropical waters .
" Allowing commercial whaling in an area where whales are so vulnerable goes against all logic . "
She added : " Both fin and sei whale species were depleted to severely low levels by previous whaling that spun out of control , and they remain endangered as a result .
" Allowing new commercial whaling on these species when they have yet to recover from previous whaling is management madness . "
The Pew Environment Group also criticised " unacceptable provisions " in the plans .
Susan Lieberman , director of international policy for the environmental organisation , said : " The draft compromise would allow whaling by Japan in the waters surrounding Antarctica to continue .
" The safe haven of the IWC - declared Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary – and the IWC 's moratorium on commercial whaling – should be set in stone , not set aside .
" The proposal would phase down but not eliminate the number of whales killed by the annual expedition of Japan 's industrial whaling fleet into the environmentally sensitive Southern Ocean and includes a quota for endangered fin whales , which is objectionable .
" This high seas sanctuary for whales , including endangered fin and humpback whales , must be respected . "
The International Fund for Animal Welfare ( Ifaw ) described the IWC plans as a " whalers ' wish list " .
Patrick Ramage , Ifaw's whale programme director , said : " It throws a lifeline to a dying industry when endangered whale populations face more threats than ever before .
" This would be a breathtaking reversal of decades of conservation progress at the IWC . "
The animal welfare organisation said countries such as Germany and the US were involved in negotiations to draw up the deal .
And Robbie Marsland , UK director of the animal welfare organisation , said : " Whaling is unequivocally banned in EU waters .
" It would be hypocritical in the extreme not to condemn a deal which sanctions whaling elsewhere .
" Instead of twisting arms to get a deal that conserves whaling , the EU should be promoting 21st - century conservation measures and working to end commercial whaling once and for all . "
?v=1510345503
If you ’ve got leaks in the basement , it is significant that you simply correct the issue after which purchase basement waterproofing .
Due to the fact of the high degree of expense typically associated with basement leaks and foundation problems , a lot of people attempt to push off as lengthy as achievable .
Nevertheless , this is , in fact , the worst achievable thing that you may do .
The accumulation of water can lead to many serious health risks , the most widespread of which is mold .
Mold forms in damp , dark locations , like a basement , and within walls .
In the event you have a water issue within the basement , mold is seriously a likelihood .
Unfortunately , mold may well cause a big variety of various issues , including flu - like symptoms , agitation of asthma and pneumonia .
Nevertheless , basement waterproofing should not be the one thing that you ought to do .
If you ’ve got experienced basement leaks , or currently leak , you cannot waterproof before issues , as well as the mold formed from the concern , is resolved .
As you could carry out the basement waterproofing , you ’d only succeed in locking within the moisture and mold , which could still work into the air system of your residence .
Making sure the surfaces that you might be having waterproofed is clean and mold - free ahead of the waterproofing can make a substantial distinction .
In the event you wish to do a basement waterproofing , it is significant to maintain in mind that an appropriate waterproofing job works both inside and outside of your residence .
Sloping the land away from your residence to guarantee that water cannot accumulate against the foundation of your residence is seriously a considerable part of waterproofing and landscaping .
Further Making certain all cracks within the foundation are properly sealed is essential .
Since there is a wonderful deal involved in basement waterproofing , you will need to have professional contractors support you with the work , especially across the foundation .
Although you may do the job on your own , need to you create a single mistake across the foundation , it can cost a whole lot of bucks , if not thousands , according to a type of damage that you accidentally do .
Basement waterproofing means to protect your basement from water seeping in from the outside .
What this form of waterproofing wo n’t support against is burst pipes within the ceiling above your basement .
This might be a distinct kind of water damage and is not covered by the typical basement waterproofing project .
Hhhm , are investigations disappearing into the night just like FDIC resolutions , Friday night massacres so as not to upset the great unwashed public ?
Joe Cassano , head of AIG ’s Financial Products Group and individual most responsible for the insurer ’s collapse , will not be prosecuted .
Per the Wall Street Journal :
Federal prosecutors will not bring criminal charges against current and former American International Group Inc. executives for their role surrounding financial contracts that nearly brought down the insurer about two years ago
Yves here .
Now how could this possibly have come to pass ?
Wellie , if you rope your advisors like your accounting firm into signing off on your stupid or possibly even criminal behavior , then you get off scot free :
But after a series of meetings with the targets of their probe , prosecutors obtained information about Mr. Cassano ’s disclosures to AIG senior executives and AIG ’s outside auditor , PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP .
That changed the course of the investigation , these people said .
Yves here .
Now why has n’t the bright spotlight been turned on PwC ?
They are too big too fail .
Now that there are only four accounting firms deemed capable of auditing Fortune 500 companies , no one in the officialdom is about to launch an action against them that might lead to their demise , no matter how well deserved it might be .
Francine McKenna has written at considerable length about the fact that PwC was auditor to both Goldman and AIG , and was clearly signing off on valuations of the SAME instruments at DIFFERENT prices at each firm :
Why did n’t PwC speak up , act more strongly to match mismatched valuations between entities like AIG and Goldman Sachs , raise their hand and shout fire , or at least warn of suffocating black smoke obscuring woefully inadequate risk management and of pricing “ models ” strung together like so many holiday lights electrical cords , faulty wiring and all , ready to blow the circuits ?
Was it the fees ?
Well , there ’s certainly $ 230 million plus reasons in 2008 to play nicey - nice between the two clients .
But that explanation would be too simple .
Another little problem which has been completely missed in our rush to get Potemkin financial reforms in place is that prosecutors often cannot pursue lawyers and accountants even when they play a key role in perpetrating dubious or even criminal conduct .
As we wrote in ECONNED :
Legislators also need to restore secondary liability .
Attentive readers may recall that a Supreme Court decision in 1994 disallowed suits against advisors like accountants and lawyers for aiding and abetting frauds .
In other words , a plaintiff could only file a claim against the party that had fleeced him ; he could not seek recourse against those who had made the fraud possible , say , accounting firms that prepared misleading financial statements .
That 1994 decision flew in the face of sixty years of court decisions , practices in criminal law ( the guy who drives the car for a bank robber is an accessory ) , and common sense .
Reinstituting secondary liability would make it more difficult to engage in shoddy practices .
Another perverse aspect is that the fact that AIG as a company , as opposed to individuals , may have engaged in criminal conduct is deemed to be moot .
The attitude seems to be , “ AIG is a ward of the state , why bother ? ”
But that misses the point .
UBS , which was rescued by the Swiss government , had to have outside investigators prepare a report of what went wrong .
Why has n’t every other bailed - out entity been required to make similar reports ?
The public , and more important , regulators and legislators would have a much better understanding of why the financial system went off the rails .
And in the case of AIG in particular , there is ample evidence the company at a minimum had poor accounting and controls ( recall the scenes in Andrew Ross Sorkin ’s Too Big to Fail , where the AIG top brass has only a dim idea of how bad its cash shortfall is , and at a very advanced stage , discovers a $ 20 billion leak in its securities lending operation ) .
Given that AIG had a dubious and contested relationship with a sister firm , C.V. Starr ( controlled by Hank Greenberg ) , which appears to have served as an executive enrichment vehicle , the sloppy accounting may have served as a cover for other types of executive - wallet - flattering activities .
But the decision has clearly been made to pull a veil over AIG , to the detriment of the interest of taxpayers who are paying for its lapses .
" There is an undefinable but compelling sensation one has upon coming across , in a clearing or along a barren road , a structure that was once a thriving enterprise . "
by Catherine C. Carlson Common folklore in New England holds that Atlantic salmon ( Salmo salar ) , a highly prized game and food fish in both Europe and North America , were once so abundant in the rivers that early colonists could walk across the backs of the fish as they ran up the rivers in spring to spawn .
There are tales that people became so tired of eating them that a law was passed requiring poor servants and laborers to be fed the fish no more than twice a week .
Based on such accounts , restoration biologists have written that " the Atlantic salmon rivaled the cod as an important and reliable source of protein to the early New England colonists . "
1
The anthropologist Erhardt Rostlund argued that " there is theoretical reason for thinking that Atlantic salmon , per unit area , was at least as plentiful as Pacific salmon . "
2
When Europeans first arrived in northeastern North America , the Atlantic salmon was reportedly found in every river not barred by impassable falls , from northeastern Labrador to the Housatonic River , and possibly into the Hudson River .3 John Smith commented in 1616 that " on the western shores of the Atlantic , it [ salmon ] is found from Greenland to the Hudson , but is exceedingly rare in the latter river , and never penetrates farther south . " 4
Common belief holds that at the turn of the 19th century , increasing pollution in the rivers ( sewage , mills , etc. ) , weir fishing at the mouths of the rivers , and the construction of large main stem dams across the rivers ( for example , at South Hadley and Turners Falls on the Connecticut River in 1794 and 1798 ) caused salmon to become extinct in the rivers of southern New England and severely depleted in northern New England .
Fisheries biologists contend , on the basis of their interpretations of historical accounts , that the Atlantic salmon resource today is a mere remnant of the fishery prior to the introduction of dams and pollution in the rivers ; for this reason , restoration programs to " bring back the salmon " have been , and continue to be , an extensive and ongoing effort supported by an effective sports fishermen 's lobby .
To an anthropologist , the importance of the reportedly dense salmon runs of New England in the past is the valuable food resource that the fish would have provided the native peoples of the area long before the Europeans arrived .
In the Pacific Northwest , where vast runs of Pacific salmon have survived up to the present day , aboriginal peoples harvested , preserved , and stored enormous quantities of the fish such that it enabled them to free their time from the everyday subsistence activities typical of most hunter - gatherers without agriculture .
This contributed to the development of highly complex cultural and social institutions , art , ritual ceremonies , sophisticated technologies , trade networks , and permanent villages ; it also supported high population densities .
The basic cultural pattern of the Northwest Coast aboriginal peoples was impacted by Europeans so much later than in the New England region that most of their traditional culture survived to be described by ethnographers as late as the turn of the 20th century .
This is unfortunately not so for the Atlantic seaboard where introduced European diseases had such a devastating impact on the aboriginal peoples as early as the 15th century that little remained of their way of life , culture , and population .
5
Hence , it is mostly only through archeology that we can attempt to reconstruct the cultural traditions in this region .
The possibility that the New England aboriginal cultures may have had access to a salmon resource comparable to that in the Pacific Northwest is therefore of interest in archeological reconstructions , and the past presence of a salmon resource has been assumed by numerous archeologists working in the region .
6
In 1980 the author began a study of the prehistoric fisheries of the Boothbay region of the Maine coast through archeological analysis of the fish bones excavated from prehistoric middens .
The initial study involved the analysis of the fish remains from 21 archeological sites located in the estuaries and along the coast of Maine adjacent to the Sheepscot and Damariscotta rivers .
7
Fish bone had never been analyzed for New England .
( It is an uncommon specialty in zooarcheology . )
One of the main components of archeological faunal analysis is to identify the bones to species , a rather technical process , but one that produces , minimally , a species list and relative abundances , eventually providing an understanding of the relative importance and abundances of certain fish species to the diet of prehistoric aboriginal peoples .
Analysis of 30,000 fish bones revealed a lack of salmon bones in the site assemblages , an unusual circumstance in view of the quantity and dominance of salmon bones at similar sites in the Pacific Northwest ( British Columbia ) .
A possible explanation was that the small drainages of the Sheepscot and Damariscotta rivers did not support salmon runs ( even though there were historical accounts of runs in the Sheepscot ) , and that cod , rather than salmon , were the principal seafood resource for the aboriginal peoples of the region .
However , the lack of salmon in the Maine sites remained an unanswered question requiring a broader regional approach to the study of prehistoric fishing .
8
As research proceeded , it became apparent that there were no salmon bones in site after site in New England , although bones of numerous other species were recovered .
Eventually , the analysis or review of bone remains from over 75 New England sites9 revealed only two possible salmon vertebrae at Kidder Point and Lindquist10 and possibly two at Frazer Point11 ( all of which may be trout ) .
How could this be , given that the historic accounts describe such vast quantities of the fish ?
Did aboriginal peoples not catch them , perhaps because they lacked suitable fishing gear , or because they did not like them as a food item ?
Do the bones not survive in the soil conditions of New England ?
Were the historical accounts of salmon grossly inaccurate , embellished fish tales ?
Did the salmon runs not really exist in the rivers of New England , or were they so minimal as to be undetected archeologically ?
If there really were no salmon , then what were the implications for archeological reconstructions based on analogies with the Pacific Northwest ?
Essentially the problem was one of a discrepancy between historical accounts of vast quantities of salmon in New England rivers and the archeological record that showed virtually a complete absence of the fish .
The possibility that aboriginal peoples lacked suitable technology for harvesting salmon , or that they found them disagreeable as a food item , could not be supported .
12 Likewise , the suggestion that the bones do not survive in the soils of New England was also discredited because of the fact that so many other fish species with equally fragile bones have been preserved , and salmon certainly have been preserved in great quantities in archeological sites in the Pacific Northwest .
How then to account for the absence ?
One part of solving the problem was to review critically the primary historical documents about fish .
The sources claiming vast quantities of salmon were 19th - and 20th - century syntheses and compilations made long after fishing events , and frequently based on hearsay , and were therefore subject to bias or error in interpretation due to their derivative nature .
Anthony Netboy 's unreferenced statement that in colonial New England , salmon " were sometimes so thick in the rivers that they overturned small boats , " 13 or A. G. Huntsman 's report of an 1879 account in Lake Ontario that the salmon were once so abundant that women " seined them with flannel petticoats " 14 are undoubtedly examples of embellishment the classic " fish story " that cite nothing other than hearsay .
Likewise , the story that poor laborers should not be made to eat salmon more than twice a week because of its cheap abundance was investigated by Newton Brainard and discredited : " Let us review the old story of the apprentice agreements which were supposed to have protected the poor by a clause stipulating that he was not to be required to eat salmon more than twice a week .
This story was intended to show how plentiful and cheap salmon was here [ Connecticut River ] , and has been generally accepted as true .
As a matter of fact , it is an English or Scotch tradition which is not true , even in the land of its origin .
As long ago as 1867 the London Field offered a reward of five pounds to anyone who would produce one of these agreements .
The reward was withdrawn a year later , unclaimed .
" 15 It was clear that the question of the abundance of Atlantic salmon in New England prior to its demise around A.D. 1800 had essentially never been thoroughly investigated through a critical analysis of primary documents .
Numerous problems can also exist for primary documents , and all historical written sources are not equally reliable .
M. J. Ingram and others have described how even in the case of first editions of published manuscripts , there can be error .
Authors of natural history accounts " often copied earlier [ unpublished ] manuscripts , mostly without acknowledgment , frequently misunderstanding and distorting the earlier materials . . . .
Legends , rumors and downright fabrications were on occasion included to swell the story .
" 16 One of the major problems in attempting an analysis of the relative abundances of salmon in the New England rivers during the colonial period is that the primary accounts are not quantitative ( i.e. , measured or counted systematically ) .
Therefore the task was to make quantitative - like interpretations from highly subjective qualitative accounts that were influenced by personal and cultural biases .
Perception of environmental phenomena can vary among different societies and individuals .
In addition , they can change over time in relational terms , that is , in comparison with other changing environmental and / or social conditions .
Therefore , in attempting to make quantitative estimates of salmon abundance from qualitative sources , it was necessary to evaluate ( 1 ) why the material was originally documented ; ( 2 ) how the phenomena were categorized , and how the categories fit into modern ones ; and ( 3 ) what the significance is of qualitative terms of degree , as , for example , such statements as " once salmon runs were as great as . . . , " given that many accounts are biased toward recording extreme events , such as the one good run of salmon that everyone remembers years later as the norm in the " good old days . "
People throughout the ages have thought that the fishing in earlier times was better than in their present day .
For example , as early as 1753 , Peter Kalm noted that in New England " many old people said that the difference in the quantity of fish in their youth in comparison with that of today was as great as between day and night .
" 17 A further problem relates to the use of language because early descriptions of fish drew on a variety of vernacular terms applied before the Linnean system of binomial classification came into use after 1735 .
There was often a lack of vocabulary to describe particular North American species , and attempts were made to relate them to familiar Old World fish .
For example , two 17th - century explorers ' lengthy accounts of fish in the region those of John Josselyn18 and James Rosierl9 cite " white salmon , " which were undoubtedly shad .
The latter were probably mistaken for salmon by early explorers and colonists with some frequency , creating " salmon inflation " in early and later derivative accounts .
By the time that major systematic study of the natural history of the fishes of North America began in the 19th century , the Atlantic salmon runs of southern New England had long since disappeared .
Could the accounts of salmon also have been subject intentionally to embellishment ?
This is highly likely because the earliest writers were in reality " promoters " who would be biased in having strong motives for presenting to the folks back in the old country a considerably brighter image of New England as a place of natural abundance than was necessarily the case .
Since salmon was a much esteemed fish at home , its inclusion and description was important .
Atlantic salmon was a status fish to the English , and any amount of salmon occurring in New England would be praised and potentially embellished .
It was esteemed by both gourmets and sports fishermen among the gentry .
R.W. Dunfield remarks that Izaak Walton 's The Compleat Angler began " the campaign to set both angler and salmon apart from common man and common fish .
" 20 Walton accounted salmon the " king of fresh - water fish . " 21
To evaluate objectively the issue of salmon abundances , a survey was made of the primary historical documents of the 17th and 18th centuries , the time prior to extensive dam construction reputedly responsible for the salmon 's demise .
Since actual figures on numbers of salmon are nonexistent in these accounts , the statements regarding salmon abundance were compared with those of other fish species in order to achieve a general impression of relative abundance within the larger context of fish abundancesan issue that secondary historical syntheses have not addressed since they were reading the accounts from the perspective of assumed great salmon abundances .
In general , the primary accounts reviewed included entries by explorers and merchants ( " promoters " ) and miscellaneous diaries and travelers ' descriptions .
The evidence indicated that while a number of accounts demonstrate that some salmon were present historically ( and that is certainly a quantitative leap over the prehistoric record , both archeological and paleontological ) , they do not support the notion of abundant salmon runs in New England in the way that they are often made out to do .
For example , when the species of fish are listed or described , salmon , if mentioned at all , tend to fall towards the middle or end of a species list , suggesting their lesser significance .
Some of the accounts go into considerable detail in describing each particular species of fish , and all are much more brief in their references to salmon than to other species .
Furthermore , it was interesting to note that a number of sources did not even mention salmon .
Put within the context of cod , or shad , or alewives , or sturgeon , salmon appears to have been quite minor .
It was not even commercially marketable , as was the case for the Pacific salmon for which a major industry was developed in the Northwest .
William Douglass in 1749 reported that " this salmon [ of the Merrimack and Connecticut rivers ] is not of a good quantity and is not so good quality and is not so good for a market as the salmon of Great Britain and Ireland . "
22 Of all the secondary accounts of salmon , only one , Brainard 's two page article in the Connecticut Historical Society Bulletin presents the idea that salmon were never more than a minor species .
He wrote that " the sparse early records fail to indicate any excessive number of salmon in the Connecticut River , even in the early days .
"
23 It is likely that the romantic folklore of once vast salmon runs is in fact myth and legend , a tall fish tale that has influenced all thinking about salmon in this century .
While a conclusion that salmon was not a major , but a minor , resource is interesting , it only goes part way to explain why the prehistoric archeological record of fish indicated its virtual absence .
One hypothesis is that salmon did not begin to colonize New England streams until the historic period , corresponding to a more favorable period of climatic cooling known as the Little Ice Age ( A.D. 1550 - 1800 ) .
24
At the end of this period , the climatic warming created less favorable environmental conditions for salmon , and hence their range retracted .
Salmon are basically a cool water species that have a very narrow temperature tolerance range for developing eggs and smelts , and New England is the southern extent of its range .
The idea that initial colonization did not occur until this time , and then only as a temporary range expansion , explains ( 1 ) the lack of salmon in prehistoric sites , ( 2 ) the apparent limited abundances of salmon historically , and ( 3 ) the extinction / depletion of the fish at the end of the 18th century .
Since this is fundamentally a natural climatic explanation for both salmon appearance and disappearance as opposed to an anthropogenic one ( dams and pollution ) , its implications for the modern salmon restoration programs should not be ignored .
Fish biologists maintain that the resource can be restored by improving salmon habitat in the rivers through pollution control and construction of fish ladders .
In order to investigate a climatically induced hypothesis for salmon appearance and disappearance , environmental and climatic factors affecting range shifts and the mechanisms of migration in salmon were studied .
Harsh glacial conditions during the Pleistocene ( the last period of the great Ice Ages ending 12,000 years ago ) resulted in an environment not conducive to salmon survival until about 10,000 years ago when modern warm Holocene environmental conditions began .
Salmon must have migrated from Europe after the end of the Pleistocene , across Atlantic currents , during periods of suitable ocean conditions of temperature and food .
Immediately prior to the Little Ice Age , the medieval warming period known as the Little Climatic Optimum ( A.D. 900 - 1300 ) diminished sea pack ice around Iceland and Greenland .
25
It is possible that salmon may have migrated during this time to Davis Straits between Labrador and Greenland , an area that today is still an important feeding ground for both European and American salmon populations .
This got them to the shores of North America ; then as the medieval warming waned , and the Little Ice Age set in , cooler conditions south of the Labrador coast initiated salmon range expansion into the waters of the New England region .
Unfortunately , the mechanisms by which Atlantic salmon colonize new streams are poorly understood and there is little reported research on the subject .
Nevertheless , salmon do have the ability , despite their innate programming , to return to the stream of their birth to spawn , to colonize new streams .
Research on salmon in Swedish rivers indicates a " rate of strays " of around 2 percent , suggesting that colonization of new drainages can occur relatively rapidly in suitable environmental conditions .
26 Paleontological fossil specimens of fish add empirical evidence by extending the record of northeastern fish further back in time than archeological specimens and provide evidence of the fish fauna in the region during the end of the Pleistocene .
Many fossil fish specimens come from the Green Creek nodules in glacial Lake Champlain deposits near Ottawa , Ontario .27
The fossils provide information on what fish species survived the harsh glacial conditions of the Pleistocene .
To date , smelt , cod , sculpin , whitefish , lake trout , lump fish , stickleback , and sturgeon are the predominant species ; there is no evidence from paleontology that salmon were present during the Pleistocene , which supports the later archeological record of the Holocene ( post - glacial conditions ) .
The issue of landlocked salmon , those populations of fish that remain in inland lakes throughout their life cycle without migrating to the sea , also required investigation .
There has been some suggestion that they may have become introduced to inland lakes at the end of the Pleistocene when sea levels were higher as the ice sheets were melting and then subsequently have been trapped or " landlocked " as sea levels dropped , making them what biologists call " glaciomarine relicts , " a possibility that would override the negative paleontological record .
Only in four lakes in Maine ( Sebago , Green , Sebec , and Grand lakes ) are there natural indigenous landlocked populations ; the rest have been introduced through fish stocking .
In all four lakes , the fish had free access to the sea prior to the construction of dams .
These fish are therefore considered to be voluntarily landlocked , a natural process poorly understood , but nevertheless , not the result of Pleistocene sea level changes .
Recent research by geneticists on the composition of European and Atlantic salmon stocks indicates no genetic markers differentiating the two geographical populations , supporting the idea that the evolutionary divergence of the two stocks is recent .
The possibility that salmon colonized the rivers of New England only in the last 600 years cannot be refuted by the genetic data that support a recent origin of the fish to North America .
28
In summary , Atlantic salmon are likely to be very recent colonizers to North America , particularly to New England , and their presence short and relatively insignificant .
Their initial colonization and subsequent retreat may have been due largely to climatic fluctuations over the last 1,000 years from the medieval - period Little Climatic Optimum to the Little Ice Age and to the modern 19th and 20th centuries , that controlled habitat conditions in both the marine and riverine environments for migration , stream colonization , and range retraction .
It is fashionable in western culture today to view human impact on the natural environment as often the major contributing factor in environmental change .
Faunal and floral extinctions , ecological " imbalance " due to exotic species introductions , deforestation , greenhouse gases for climate change , and even in the archeological literature blaming the extinction of the North American Pleistocene megafauna on over - hunting by Paleoindian huntersare just a few examples .
It is also fashionable to suggest that science can " fix " or undo anthropogenic environmental change .
While humans unarguably have impacts on the natural environment , and have done so for as long as their four - million - year evolutionary history on the earth , the environmental ideology that grants omnipotence to humans over the environment can blind us from recognizing that natural environmental fluctuations in climate and species distributions or extinctions are probably more substantive on a long - term scale than human induced ones .
One needs only to look at the paleoenvironmental , paleobotanical , and zooarcheological records of the past to fully appreciate this .
This article ultimately is concerned with how the issue of disappearing Atlantic salmon in southern New England , and its considerable depletion in the north , is an example of too great a focus on anthropogenic environmental change .
Today 's fish and wildlife managers appear to have largely ignored the paleoenvironmental databases that present long - term records of climatic change in concert with animal and plant species range changes , and even total extinctions , because of their preoccupation with the effects of industrialization .
While biologists such as D. W. Lufkin have stated that " the circumstances causing the demise of Salmo salar are relatively simple to identify .
. . [ as ] dams , pollution , logging practices , and over - fishing , " 29 this article argues that causes behind its demise are more complex , with ecological and climatological bases .
If pollution and dams were the major cause of their extinctions , then why were the runs not made extinct on the Penobscot , a heavily dammed and polluted river in Maine ?
Also unaccounted for is why salmon runs became extinct downstream of the dams on the Connecticut River .
The general lack of success in salmon restoration programs over the last two centuries , despite fish ladders and habitat improvement , suggests a more fundamental ecological cause for impoverished salmon runs in New England than an anthropogenic one .
We also need to examine more closely how social and cultural values can fashion a natural creature , in this case the salmon , in ways that identify it with high - ranked social positions such that it unwittingly influences our thinking in everything from the establishment of fisheries societies and restoration facilities to archeological reconstructions of prehistoric societies .
The romantic allure of the king of fish colors the visions of prestigious sportsmen , biologists , and politicians .
The political correctness of " environmental awareness , " in which salmon has become the symbol for clean rivers , whether justified or not , becomes a factor in the judgments being made .
The lowly codfish appears to be a more appropriate fish symbol for New England and one that is presently environmentally threatened ; the politicians supporting salmon restoration have apparently forgotten about the " great cod " that hangs in the halls of the Massachusetts statehouse and its historical significance .
Catherine C. Carlson is an assistant professor of archeology at University College of the Cariboo , Kamloops , British Columbia .
Her research specialties include ichthyo - zooarcheology and historical archeology of the native peoples of North America .
For more information , she may be contacted at University College of the Cariboo , Department of Anthropology , Kamloops , BC , V2C 5N3 Canada , e-mail ccarlson@cariboo.bc.ca .
The author is indebted to Neal Salisbury , Boyd Kynard , H. Martin Wobst , the Department of Anthropology at the University of Massachusetts , George Nicholas , and especially Dena Dincauze for guidance and assistance with this article and the doctoral dissertation on which it is based .
Any errors , omissions , or limitations are strictly the author 's own .
This article originally appeared in New England 's Creatures : 1400 - 1900 , volume 18 of the Annual Proceedings of the Dublin Seminar for New England Folklife , published by Boston University in June of this year .
Reprinted with permission .
Copies of this volume and others can be obtained by writing Boston University Scholarly Publications , 985 Commonwealth Ave. , Boston , MA 02215 .
The price of the volume is $ 15 plus $ 1.50 for shipping and handling .
References 1 . Dan C. Kimball and Lawrence W. Stolte , " Return of the Atlantic Salmon , " Water Spectrum ( Fall 1978 ) : 1 . 2 . Erhardt Rostlund , Freshwater Fish and Fishing in Native North America ( Berkeley : University of California Publications in Geography , vol. 9 , University of California Press , 1952 ) , p. 25 .
3 . Henry B. Bigelow and William C. Schroeder , Fishes of the Gulf of Maine ( Bulletin of the U.S. Department of Fisheries 40 , Washington , D.C. , 1953 ) .
4 . John Smith , A Description of New England ( 1616 ; reprinted in Peter Force , Tracts and Other Papers , vol. 2 , Washington , D.C. , 1838 ) , p. 137 .
5 . Catherine C. Carlson , George J. Armelagos , and Ann Magennis " Impact of Disease on the Precontact and Early Historic Populations of New England and the Maritimes , " in Disease and Demography in the Americas , ed. John W. Verano and Douglas H. Ubelaker ( Washington : Smithsonian Institution Press , 1992 ) , pp. 141-54 .
6 . Catherine C. Carlson , " The Atlantic Salmon in New England Prehistory and History : Social and Environmental Implications . "
( Ph.D. diss . , Anthropology , University of Massachusetts at Amherst , 1992 ) , p. 4 .
This paper forms part of a much larger study documented in this dissertation .
7 . Catherine C. Carlson , " Maritime Catchment Areas : An Analysis of Prehistoric Fishing Strategies in the Boothbay Region of Maine " ( MS. thesis , Institute for Quaternary Studies , University of Maine at Orono , 1986 ) .
8 . Catherine C. Carlson , " Where 's the Salmon ? : A Reevaluation of the Role of Anadromous Fisheries to Aboriginal New England , " in Human Holocene Ecology in Northeastern North America , ed. George P. Nicholas ( New York : Plenum Press , 1988 ) , pp. 47 -80 .
9 . Carlson , " The Atlantic Salmon in New England Prehistory and History . " 10 .
Arthur Spiess and Mark Heddon , " Kidder Point and Sears Island in Prehistory , " Occasional Publications in Maine Archaeology 3 ( Augusta : Maine Historic Preservation Commission , 1983 ) ; David Yesner , Nathan Hamilton , and Richard Doyle , Jr. , " Landlocked ' Salmon and Early Holocene Lacustrine Adaptations in Southwestern Maine , " North American Archaeologist 4 , no.4 ( 1983 ) : 307-33 .
11 . Catherine C. Carlson , " Report on the Analysis of the Frazer Point Site Fish Remains " ( Department of Anthropology , University of Maine at Orono , 1981 ) .
12 .
There are numerous archaeological sites and ethnohistorical accounts with evidence of aboriginal fishing technology suitable for salmon fishing , such as weirs , fish spears , and canoes .
See Carlson , " The Atlantic Salmon in New England Prehistory and History , " pp . 131-33 .
13 . Anthony Netboy , The Salmon : Their Fight for Survival ( Boston : Houghton Mifflin , 1974 ) , p. 521 . 14 . A. G. Huntsman , " Why Did Ontario Salmon Disappear ? "
Transactions of the Royal Society of Canada 5 , ser. 3 , vol. 38 ( 1944 ) : 83-102 . 15 . Newton C. Brainard , " Connecticut River Salmon , " Connecticut Historical Society Bulletin 16 , no.2 ( 1951 ) : 9 -11 . 16 . M. J. Ingram , D. J. Underhill , and G. Farmer , " The Use of Documentary Sources for the Study of Past Climates , " in Climate and History , ed. T. M. Wigely , M. J. Ingram , and G. Farmer ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 1981 ) , p. 195 . 17 .
Peter Kalm , Travels into North America ( Stockholm , 1753 ; revised from the Swedish and reprinted in Peter Kalm 's Travels in North America , vol .
1 , ed. A. B. Benson ( New York : Wilson - Erickson , 1937 ) , p. 155 . 18 .
John Josselyn , An Account of Two Voyages to New England ( London , 1675 ; reprinted in Collections of the Massachusetts Historical Society 3 , ser. 3 , 1833 ) .
19 . James Rosier , A True Relation of the Most Prosperous Voyage Made this Present yeere , 1605 , by Captaine George Waymouth ( London , 1605 ; reprinted in Early English and French Voyages , 1534 - 1608 , ed. Henry S. Burrage , New York : Charles Scribner 's Sons , 1932 ) , pp. 353-94 . 20 . R. W. Dunfield , " The Atlantic Salmon in the History of North America , " Canadian Special Publication of Fisheries and Aquatic Sciences 80 ( Ottawa : Department of Fisheries and Oceans , 1985 ) : 4. 21 .
Izaak Walton , The Compleat Angler ( 1653 ; reprint ed. , New York : Weathervane Books ) , p. 127 .
Author 's italics .
22 . William Douglass , A Summary , Historical and Political , of the first Planting , Progressive Improvements , and Present State of the British Settlements in North America , Volume 1 ( London : Rogers and Fowle , 1760 ; reprint ed. , New York : Arno Press , 1972 ) .
23 .
Brainard , " Connecticut River Salmon , " p. 10 . 24 .
Carlson , " The Atlantic Salmon in New England Prehistory and History , " p. 200. 25 .
Hubert H. Lamb , " Climatic Variation and Changes in the Wind and Ocean Circulation : The Little Ice Age in the Northeast Atlantic , " Quaternary Research 11 , no.
1 , ( 1979 ) : 1 - 20 . 26 . G. Stahl , " Genetic Differentiation among Natural Populations of Atlantic Salmon ( Salmo salar ) in Northern Sweden , " in Fish Gene Pools , ed. N. Ryman ( Ecological Bulletin 34 , Stockholm , 1981 ) , p. 102. 27 . Donald E. McAllister , Stephen L. Cumbaa , and C. R. Harington , " Pleistocene Fishes ( Coregonus , Osmerus , Microgadus , Gasterosteus ) from Green Creek , Ontario , Canada , " Canadian Journal of Earth Sciences 18 ( 1981 ) : 1356 -64.v 28 .
William S. Davidson , Timothy P. Birt , and John M. Green , " A Review of Genetic Variation in Atlantic Salmon , Salmo salar L. , and Its Importance for Stock Identification , Enhancement Programmes and Aquaculture , " Journal of Fisheries Biology 34 ( 1989 ) : 547-60 .
29 . D. W. Lufkin , " Environmental Quality , " New England Atlantic Salmon Restoration Conference ; IASF Special Publication Series 6 ( St. Andrews , New Brunswick , 1975 ) : 21 .
In supermarket aisles , when a bottle of oil smashes on the floor , a bag of sawdust or kitty litter is hauled out to soak up the mess .
To rescue a favorite silk tie from a dribble of gravy , douse it with corn starch and hope for the best .
How to clean up oil is a reoccurring theme in elevators and Internet chatrooms across the country this week , thanks to the unprecedented , growing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico costing BP $ 350 million in cleanup costs so far , and threatening environmental disaster .
After a handful of failed attempts to stop the leak , there should still be an abundance of possible technologies that apply here .
And now that BP and Transcocean are developing “ junk shots ” — pipes clogged with synthetic materials including used panty hose– these household remedies may not be so irrelevant after all .
“ They are actually going to take a bunch of debris — some shredded up tires , golf balls and things like that — and under very high pressure shoot it into the preventer itself and see if they can clog it up to stop the leak , ” U.S. Coast Guard Admiral Thad AllenAllen told CBS
News last weekend .
Dog hair clippings from pet stores ?
Vacuums that filter the oil ?
An aquarium skimmer ?
Is this junk science — or just science ?
In Senate subcommittee hearings on Wednesday , BP America president Lamar McKay insisted the “ junk shot ” containing golf balls was a highly sophisticated technology .
“ The best minds of the world are working on this 24 - 7 , ” he told a congressional panel , including Representative Edward Markey ( D ) , who questioned if BP and rig operator Transocean were n’t “ flailing about with no clue of how to going to get out of this mess , ” despite each company being a leader in technology .
So tell us about your Thanksgiving gravy separator , and your mechanic ’s favorite way to protect a garage floor from grease .
There ’s no time for testing , but who knows where the silver bullet that slays this growing oil slick will originate .
__________________________________
A man hold a plastic bag with oil from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill south of Freemason Island , Louisiana May 7 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
( CNN ) -- Pope Benedict XVI said Saturday he is " truly sorry " for the abuse suffered by victims at the hands of Catholic priests in Ireland .
The pope directly addressed the church abuse crisis that has rocked the Irish Catholic Church in an 18 - page letter , which was made public Saturday .
It is expected to be read in churches across Ireland on Sunday .
" I have been deeply disturbed by the information which has come to light regarding the abuse of children and vulnerable young people by members of the church in Ireland , particularly by priests and religious , " the pope wrote .
Read Pope Benedict XVI 's letter in full ( pdf )
" I can only share in the dismay and the sense of betrayal that so many of you have experienced on learning of these sinful and criminal acts and the way church authorities in Ireland have dealt with them . "
The deeply Catholic country has been badly shaken by a government - backed report that found the Archdiocese of Dublin and other Catholic Church authorities in Ireland covered up child abuse by priests from 1975 to 2004 .
Child sexual abuse was widespread then , the report found .
Church abuse scandal goes global
The head of the church in Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady , apologized this week for his role in the church 's investigation of an abusive priest in 1975 .
Brady 's office said he investigated the priest , who was later convicted of dozens of counts of child abuse , and reported his findings to his superiors .
But critics say Brady should not have remained silent about what he learned .
" No one imagines that this painful situation will be resolved swiftly , " Benedict said in his letter .
Contributing factors to the crisis can include inadequate procedures for determining suitable priesthood candidates , insufficient moral and spiritual formation in seminaries , and " misplaced concern for the reputation of the church and the avoidance of scandal , " the pope said .
He called for them to be addressed urgently .
The pope acknowledged the crisis has shaken people 's faith and even turned many away from the church , saying it has " obscured the light of the Gospel to a degree that not even centuries of persecution succeeded in doing . "
Benedict then addressed the victims of abuse and their families , recognizing the tragedies they have been through .
" You have suffered grievously and I am truly sorry , " he says .
" I know that nothing can undo the wrong you have endured .
Your trust has been betrayed and your dignity has been violated .
Many of you found that , when you were courageous enough to speak of what happened to you , no one would listen . "
According to Father Federico Lombardi , the Vatican spokesman , the pope started thinking about writing the letter last summer after the publication of the Ryan report -- one of three separate reports on sexual and physical abuse by Irish clergy that has come out since 2005 .
The Ryan report , published in May 2009 , investigated abuse in Catholic - run institutions primarily from 1936 to 1970 .
Many of the alleged abusers in the 2,600 - page report were not priests , but nuns or Catholic lay people .
The pope says he expressed " shame and remorse " and asks the victims not to lose hope .
Scandal shatters faith in Catholic Church
" I know some of you find it difficult even to enter the doors of a church after all that has occurred , " he says .
" I pray that , by drawing nearer to Christ and by participating in the life of his church -- a church purified by penance and renewed in pastoral charity -- you will come to rediscover Christ 's infinite love for each one of you . "
Next in the letter , the pope turned his attention to the priests and religious officials who have abused children .
He sharply criticized them and said they must answer to the authorities .
" You betrayed the trust that was placed in you by innocent young people and their parents , and you must answer for it before Almighty God and before properly constituted tribunals , " he says .
" You have forfeited the esteem of the people of Ireland and brought shame and dishonor upon your confreres . "
He added , " Together with the immense harm done to victims , great damage has been done to the church and to the public perception of the priesthood and religious life . "
The pope urged guilty priests to " take responsibility " for their sins and " seek to atone personally " for their actions .
" Openly acknowledge your guilt , submit yourselves to the demands of justice , but do not despair of God 's mercy , " he said .
Lombardi said guilty priests should follow the laws in their own country and cooperate with justice authorities , as well as follow the church 's rules .
Benedict proposed several concrete steps to address the situation , including asking the Irish faithful to pray for the church for one year , starting at Easter .
But he also announced an apostolic visitation of certain Irish dioceses , seminaries , and congregations .
Such visitations are actually Vatican investigations ; the church held one in the United States after the clerical sex scandal in 2002 .
The letter is specific to Ireland and did not address similar scandals now coming to light in other European countries like Austria and Germany .
Lombardi said the pope is aware of the situations in those countries , but did not think it was appropriate to address all of them in Saturday 's letter .
New USDA regulations for organic milk have just been adopted earlier this month on February 12 , 2010 .
Family farmers , animal rights activists and organic food consumers are rejoicing in victory .
These new regulations require that all organic dairy cows must now be out on pasture for the entire growing season , but not less than 120 days .
Furthermore , they must have year - round outdoor access , save a temporary and documentable situation that poses environmental or health considerations .
Additionally , animals must receive at least 30 % of their feed , or dry matter intake ( DMI ) , from pasturing .
“ These minimum benchmarks will assure consumers that industrial - scale dairies do n’t just create the ‘ illusion ’ of grazing and continue producing illegitimate organic milk , ” said Mark Kastel , Senior Farm Policy Analyst at the Wisconsin - based farming policy organization Cornucopia Institute .
“ The organic community has been calling for strong regulations and its enforcement for much of the past decade .
Cheap organic milk flowing from the illegitimate factory farms has created a surplus that is crushing ethical family farm producers . ”
The Cornucopia Institute reports that 30 - 40 % of the America ’s organic milk supply is produced by giant CAFOs ( concentrated animal feeding operations ) whose practices are often only slightly better than standard non-organic factory dairies .
In fact , scandals such as the one involving Aurora Dairy , a $ 100 + million company ( who produces private - label , store brand milk for Wal - Mart , Costco and large grocery chains ) stirred up industry and consumer concern when a USDA investigators found that 14 organic regulations were “ willfully ” and systemically violated .
Research produced by Cornucopia found that overall the dairy industry was in relatively good shape with 90 % of all name brand dairy products produced with high - integrity and in accordance to ethical standards .
However , the few bad apples that remained were guilty of significant violations of organic industry standard practices and they bad needed to be reigned in .
The new organic livestock standards are set to go in effct June 16 , 2010 , 120 days after publication in the Federal Register .
“ I am confident that the new rule , along with a commitment to rigorous enforcement by certifiers , will put an end to these abuses and restore fairness to the organic dairy sector , ” said Kevin Engelbert , a dairy farmer from Nichols , NY who milks 100 cows .
“ Consumers will be able to purchase organic dairy products with confidence , knowing that regardless of the label , the animals who produced the milk were on pasture , as nature intended , ” Engelbert added .
The second episode of The Dungeon Master Guys podcast is here !
We ran into some technical difficulties which lead to the episode being hosted by Chatty DM and Dave the Game , with Newbie DM contributing a segment and being consigned to the editing dungeon .
However , we all learned a lot about podcasting , and the next episode should be even better .
In this episode :
Chatty DM talks to Wolfgang Baur about using published adventures in your game
Newbie DM gives tips for effective narration
Dave the Game introduces the concept of combat “ outs ”
Plus we answer some emails and comments
Products mentioned in the show :
Music :
“ What you Want ” ( ver. 2 ) by Kevin MacLeod
Sponsored by :
The Dungeon Master Guys , Episode 2 ( 33 mins , 32 MB )
[ Download MP3 | Podcast Feed | iTunes Link ]
We are always on the lookout for questions ( about being a D&D 4e DM or about GMing in general ) , comments and suggestions .
You can leave them here in the comments , email us , or leave us a message at 305- 349-3026 , and we ’ll be more than happy to feature them in a future show .
Mere days after the closure of popular Usenet curator Newzbin , its source code has been stolen , opening the door for clones to spring up in its wake .
Newzbin 's admins have confirmed that the code has made its way into the wild , though they claim the leak was n't an inside job .
Either way , at least one Newzbin clone is already on its way , showing that Big Content will have to keep playing Whac - a - Mole if it wants to really stop file sharers from quaffing files from the Usenet tap .
Newzbin was pummeled by a UK court earlier this year for enabling copyright infringement , despite the site 's claim that it merely acted as a " Google for Usenet . "
Newzbin hosted no content of its own , but it made plenty of money from this curating service by charging 30 pence a week for access .
Newzbin 's offering easy access to copyrighted works on Usenet led several movie studios to sue the company in London .
Mr. Justice Kitchin handed down his verdict in March : Newzbin was liable for infringement .
He issued an injunction against Newzbin , barring it from hosting films owned by the movie studios .
Almost two months later , the site simply shut down with a note that it had to close " as a result of the legal action against us . "
Newzbin pointed to a Revoltingfilesharers
Blog post that claimed Newzbin had to close because it allegedly could n't pay its debts ; among those debts were £ 230,000 owed the movie studios and £ 500,000 to a development house .
A newer blog post says the site admins confirmed Newzbin was being liquidated and that subscribers who wanted a refund could contact the liquidation company for a claim form .
More interestingly , however , were the details about an a server break - in that resulted in Newzbin 's source code and database being stolen .
Newzbin admin Caesium confirmed that the code was stolen , saying he had nothing to do with it .
It was initially unclear what the thief 's plans were for the code , but Newzbin spinoffs seem an obvious choice .
Indeed , that now appears to be the case , at least according to an e-mail sent to Newzbin account owners Friday :
Good news : we are Newzbin Two , and we have glad tidings : NEWZBIN IS BACK !
and we are the new management .
The crew got most of the original Newzbin source code and the main databases .
We loved it too much to let it die .
Newzbin
Two is not up yet — the new management is still working on finding a " cool domain " and want to " hack the code " a little more .
They expect to be up and running sooner than later .
To say we 're unsurprised by this development would be an understatement — in fact , it was flat out expected by most Newzbin observers and users alike .
Nearly every time a major file sharing network gets taken down , another ( or three , or five ) spring up in its place — just look at the RIAA 's list of the worst websites in the world .
Many of those sites have been taken offline at one point or another , only to spring to life once again on a different server .
This will surely be the case with Newzbin , whether users decide to move onto Newzbin Two or elsewhere .
EARTH’S insides may move at a creep , but diamonds ride the fast track .
Diamond - infused magma may zoom upwards from deep within the planet at a blistering 60 kilometres per hour .
Rising magma in Earth ’s mantle is thought to ascend at just a few centimetres per year .
It was known that kimberlite , which often contains diamonds , can rise more quickly near the surface , but its speed at great depths was unclear .
Now Masayuki Nishi and colleagues at Kyushu University in Fukuoka , Japan , have used the mineral garnet as a speedometer .
Garnet inclusions that form inside diamond are stable at depths …
ABERDEEN TOWNSHIP , N.J. — The government 's civil - fraud allegation against Goldman Sachs Group Inc. centers on a deal the firm crafted so that hedge - fund king John Paulson could bet on a collapse in U.S. housing prices .
It was a dizzyingly complex transaction , involving 90 bonds and a 65 - page deal sheet .
But it all boiled down to whether people like Stella Onyeukwu , Gheorghe Bledea and Jack Booket could pay their mortgages .
They ...
National ID Cards Wo n’t Stop Terrorism or Illegal Immigration
The US House of Representatives passed a spending bill last week that contains provisions establishing a national ID card , and the Senate is poised to approve the measure in the next few days .
This week marks the American public ’s last chance to convince their Senators they do n’t want to live in a nation that demands papers from its citizens as they go about their lives .
Absent a political miracle in the Senate , within two years every American will need a conforming national ID card to participate in ordinary activities .
This REAL ID
Act establishes a massive , centrally - coordinated database of highly personal information about American citizens : at a minimum their name , date of birth , place of residence , Social Security number , and physical characteristics .
The legislation also grants open - ended authority to the Secretary of Homeland Security to require biometric information on IDs in the future .
This means your harmless looking driver ’s license could contain a retina scan , fingerprints , DNA information , or radio frequency technology .
Think this sounds farfetched ?
Read the REAL ID Act , HR 418 , for yourself .
Its text is available on the Library of Congress website .
A careful reading also reveals that states will be required to participate in the  Drivers License Agreement ,  which was crafted by DMV lobbyists years ago .
This agreement creates a massive database of sensitive information on American citizens that can be shared with Canada and Mexico !
Terrorism is the excuse given for virtually every new power grab by the federal government , and the national ID is no exception .
But federal agencies have tried to create a national ID for years , long before the 9 - 11 attacks .
In fact , a 1996 bill sought to do exactly what the REAL ID Act does : transform state drivers ’ licenses into de facto national ID cards .
At the time , Congress was flooded with calls by angry constituents and the bill ultimately died .
Proponents of the REAL ID
Act continue to make the preposterous claim that the bill does not establish a national ID card .
This is dangerous and insulting nonsense .
Let ’s get the facts straight :
The REAL ID Act transforms state motor vehicle departments into agents of the federal government .
Nationalizing standards for driver ’s licenses and birth certificates in a federal bill creates a national ID system , pure and simple .
Having the name of your particular state on the ID is meaningless window dressing .
Federally imposed standards for drivers ’ license and birth certificates make a mockery of federalism and the 10th amendment .
While states technically are not forced to accept the federal standards , any refusal to comply would mean their residents could not get a job , receive Social Security , or travel by plane .
So rather than imposing a direct mandate on the states , the federal government is blackmailing them into complying with federal dictates .
One overriding point has been forgotten : Criminals do n’t obey laws !
As with gun control , national ID cards will only affect law - abiding citizens .
Do we really believe a terrorist bent on murder is going to dutifully obtain a federal ID card ?
Do we believe that people who openly flout our immigration laws will nonetheless respect our ID requirements ?
Any ID card can be forged ; any federal agency or state DMV is susceptible to corruption .
Criminals can and will obtain national ID cards , or operate without them .
National ID cards will be used to track the law - abiding masses , not criminals .
The Best of Ron Paul
Yesterday we discussed the statistically impossible trading desk results of Goldman Sachs , which reported in its 10 Q that it lost money on exactly 0 days last quarter , and was profitable on 63 out of 63 days .
Today we find that the rape and pillage of the middle class was not isolated to Goldman , and that JP Morgan also had a flawless quarter .
And if the odds of Goldman making 63 out of 63 are virtually impossible in any universe in which risk goes hand in hand with return ( but in those in which monopolies are encouraged and bailed out ) , the coincidence of the two main firms that control the world having a perfect track record is impossible2 .
And since things in reality tend to be zero sum , when everyone makes money , someone may be tempted to ask the question , just who is losing money ?
And the answer , dear taxpayers , and [ Goldman|JPMorgan ] clients , is you .
On this background , the performance by Morgan Stanley in which the firm disclosed a massive 4 loss days ( granted in the smallest possible bucket ) , is downright pathetic .
If MS , unlike GS and JPM , is unable to rape and pillage the middle class and its clients with impunity , it surely deserves to not be bailed out the next time the market implodes .
And going down the investment bank foodchain we end up with Jefferies , whose trading performance this quarter was deplorable not only compared to the abovementioned fine examples of perfection , but its own performance in Q1 2009 .
And for those who want to laugh long and hard , here is the simply hilarious defense that Goldman 's Gary Cohn came up with to defend his firm 's prop trading monopolistic bonanza .
Via Bloomberg :
There are thousands of UFO , Big Foot or other cryptozoological sightings recorded around the world every year , and most of them can easily be proven as fakes or the ramblings of some mad-man .
Yet , among these absurdities there are some rare events which simply have no explanation , and leave even skeptics puzzled .
Here are six of the most peculiar mysteries that no one can find a good explanation for .
1 .
Valentich disappearance
I want to believe … that this is n’t just a pie tin on a string .
Frederick Valentich was an experienced pilot , with over 150 hours of air time .
He was flying a Cessna 182L light aircraft on a perfectly clear day with no wind , perfect visibility and no technical problems , when suddenly he disappeared without a trace .
The case sounds like an urban legend about the Bermuda Triangle ; however this is a well documented disappearance that left authorities puzzled .
A search and rescue mission was sent out only minutes after the plane disappeared from radar , however there was no trace of the plane .
All Cessena aircrafts are meant to stay afloat for up to an hour after crashing in water , but in this case the plane was simply nowhere to be found .
Valentich did have a life vest inside the cockpit , so why he did n’t attempt the highly complex technique known as “ getting out of the plane ” is unknown .
Further , why the radio beacon that he had on board did n’t activate is another mystery .
Perhaps the strangest detail of the disappearance is that only minutes before he crashed , Valentich reported that he was staring down an UFO .
His last , vaguely unsettling message was : “ It ’s not an aircraft . ”
This strange detail has lead to two conclusions .
Some figure Valentich suffered some sort of non-hilarious stroke and started seeing things , in which case we still do n’t know why his plane could n’t be found .
Other ’s lean towards the possibility that Valentich was indeed kidnapped by little green men .
2 .
Bimini Road
Not an extreme closeup of an old waffle .
This road , sometimes also called the Bimini Wall , is an underwater structure that stretches for half a mile near Bimini Island in the Bahamas .
The whole structure is formed of rectangular limestone blocks which look very much like an ancient road or a wall .
The official explanation for the strange structure is that it was caused over the years by concentrations of shells and sand .
In other words , the whole thing could potentially be created over millions of years by a natural occurring phenomenon of hard shells gathering in straight angles .
However , this does n’t explain why the formation is completely unique to one specific spot in the entire whole world .
It also does n’t explain why it seems like it has multiple layers .
Atlantis was known for it ’s mediocre craftsmanship .
Furthermore , several anthropologists and oceanographers believe that the road might have been created by an ancient civilization , some going as far as suggesting this might be the fabled Atlantis .
Probably a stretch , but we still have to wonder how these underwater roads were created .
3 .
Mary Celeste
Thankfully , there is no Gordon Lightfoot song about this .
The Mary Celeste was launched in 1860 out of Nova Scotia and was approximately 103 feet from bow to stern ( sailor talk ! ) .
What is interesting about the ship is that it seems to have been cursed right out of the shipyard .
It had several accidents during construction and on board , and was sold dozens of times within the first ten years .
Eventually , the ship , which was originally named “ Amazon ” ended up under an American captain who renamed it as “ Mary Celeste . ”
The ship departed New York on November 7th , 1872 with a crew of seven as well as the captain ’s family .
None of the people on board were ever seen again .
A shipwreck was hardly a strange turn of events .
But when we say “ nobody was seen again ” , that does n’t include the ship .
It ’s considered one of the most mysterious maritime disappearances of all time because all the crew and the family members simply vanished .
Nothing on board was missing , all the cargo and valuables were accounted for , and there was no sign of a struggle .
The ship had month ’s worth of food and water , and nothing seemed out of place , except for the fact that there were no people on board .
Explanations range from underwater earthquakes to alcohol induced hallucinations ( the ship was carrying a load of whiskey ) .
Presumably something scared all the sailors into the ships lifeboat ; however why they did n’t take any food with them or what they could have seen that terrified seasoned sailors into abandoning their ship is a mystery .
PLAYA DEL CARMEN , Mexico —
The mannequin wore a spiky collar and black leather leotard , sitting wide - legged inside a metal cage .
Nearby , guests sipped drinks by the indoor pool , silhouetted by the red lighting .
“ Wow , this is intense , ” said one tourist , yelling over dance beats .
“ This place is making me ill , ” replied another , “ I ’m leaving . ”
A mix of urban jungle , red - light district and elegant symmetry , Reina Roja Hotel is the newest and most radical addition to the growing trend of modern , theme - based hotels in Playa del Carmen , the popular beach town along Mexico ’s Mayan Riviera .
Cozy , quaint and quickly multiplying , boutique hotels are trying for a more personalized and authentic Mexico experience compared to the soaring skyscrapers of neighboring Cancun .
( One boutique hotel , In Fashion , uses post - modern architectural lines in its completely white structure and adopts an artsy take on IKEA for its inside decor . )
Camoflouged under Reina Roja 's party ambience and racy sexual innuendos are pre-Columbian elements that give the hotel a fetishistic , sadomasochist feel .
It inspires strong feelings of awe , interest and disgust — all at once .
A mannequin dressed in a shiny gold leotard greets guests at one entrance to Reina Roja Hotel .
( Angelica Marin/ GlobalPost )
It is also pushing the Mexican city to re-examine its own identity , as hotels evoking colonial Mexico battle with provocative locations like Reina Roja in an effort to set the tone for Playa 's future growth .
The experimental boutique hotel opened just a few months ago .
It is owned and operated by the Alarcon family from Mexico City , who wanted to offer Mexicans and foreigners a more updated and sensorial Mexico .
Each room is decorated with elements that purposely imitate natural beauty , such as neon panoramic beach scenes and walls textured with hay .
“ We wanted people to know that Mexico too is proposing new and fresh ideas , ” said Alejandro Alarcon Fierro , Reina Roja ’s young architect .
His scruffy look and gentle demeanor is a far cry from the loud and aggressive vibe of the hotel .
The hotel bears the name of an ancient Mayan princess whose corpse was found to have absorbed the red color inside her tomb .
Red was a sacred color to the ancient Mayans , and they used it to tint many of their pyramids and as body paint .
To Alarcon , his hotel is part of Mexican culture too .
" Mexicans like baroque style , " said Alarcon .
" I wanted my contemporary design to produce a similar overwhelming effect . "
Huge panoramic photographs of Yucatan ’s natural settings — like the Mayan ruins of Tulum — decorate the walls .
( Angelica Marin/ GlobalPost )
And that ’s where Angel Islas , a well - known architect in the Yucatan Peninsula , disagrees .
" These new hotels are like the latest clothes or music , at some point , they all have an expiration date , ” said Islas .
“ Mexican architecture never goes out of style , ” he said .
Islas , the man who designed the first condominium in Playa del Carmen almost 20 years ago , made his name by bringing traditional Mexican - hacienda architecture into the 21st century .
Using local artisan materials like chechen , salam and zapote wood and hand - painted tiles , his buildings pay homage to traditional Mexican culture .
One popular boutique hotel that bears his vision is La Lunata , whose entrance peeks out like a storefront on the colorful Fifth Avenue strip of Playa del Carmen .
Inside , the 12 bedrooms decorated with bright colors and Mexican folk art look more like a 17th - century hacienda than a hotel .
Although a younger crowd might prefer a more contemporary style , many tourists are still looking for a more cultural experience , said Fabiola Belez , La Lunata 's hotel manager .
Bedrooms inside Reina Roja
Hotel stay true to its name .
The bed cover , curtains and lights — all red — create an intense and sensorial experience for guests .
( Angelica Marin/ GlobalPost )
As the tourism industry began to take off in the early 1990s , Playa worked hard to preserve its Mexican pueblo feel and stand out in the Mayan Riviera .
More importantly , it strived to set itself apart from its much larger neighbor — Cancun .
“ If you stand in the main avenue of Cancun or Miami Beach , you wo n’t see any difference , ” said Luis Garcia , CEO for the company that runs the luxurious Hacienda Real Hotel .
“ You ’ll see the same bars , the same restaurants , and you wo n’t find any cultural markers , ” he said .
This is what Playa del Carmen city planners wanted to avoid all along .
Strict construction rules forbid hotels from exceeding five floors along Fifth Avenue and in other tourist areas .
There are few all - inclusive hotels .
Tourists must explore the city to to eat , shop and suntan rather than staying confined in mini-cities with food , entertainment and the beach .
On the other hand , when it comes to architectural style , Playa is a total free - for - all .
As the sun sets on Fifth Avenue , barelegged visitors in flip - flops and bikini tops return to their hotels .
They can walk into La Lunata , Reina Roja or another contemporary alternative , and their choice will determine what kind of hotel props up next .
Four trendy Mexican youngsters stop and gawk at the entrance to Reina Roja .
“ How cool , ” says one in a distinctive Mexico City accent .
They open their wallets and scrounge up enough money to pay for one night for them and their girlfriends .
This might be exactly what they 're looking for .
When they were writing the specifications for CSS , why did n’t they allow things to be floated center ?
I was looking through an old site at work this week , that was developed long before me , and I saw someone tried to do this : float : center .
So that got me thinking , why would they include the specification to float left and right , but not center ?
Imagine the posibilities … the following are just a couple of simple examples of what could be possible , they are not meant to be used in a production environment .
Float an Image Between Two Columns
In this example , I just floated the image to the right , and gave it a - 100 px right margin ( half the width of the image ) .
Then I just added an empty div to the right hand column , floated it left , and gave it a height and width .
Float an Image in the Middle of One Column
This one is really hacky .
I absolutely positioned the image , chose a monospaced font , and then added non-breaking spaces so that the image was no longer covering the text .
I think being able to float something in the center could really make pages more interesting .
I would be curious to know if there was any specific explanation for why you cannot float to the center .
In January 1977 , the French Situationist Guy Debord founded the company " Strategic and Historical Games . "
This company had an immediate goal : to produce the " Kriegspiel , " a " game of war " that Debord had already designed in his head years before .
Inspired by the military theory of Carl von Clausewitz and the European campaigns of Napoleon , Debord 's game is a chess - variant played by two opposing players on a game board of 500 squares arranged in rows of 20 by 25 squares .
" The surprises of this Kriegspiel seem to be inexhaustible , " he confessed later in his book Panegyric .
" I fear it could be the only one of my works that anyone will dare to recognize as having some value . "
Click to enlarge 
Photograph : Alexander Galloway
With the assistance of his benefactor Gérard Lebovici , Debord produced the game in a limited edition during the summer of 1977 .
" I insist on the opportunity to throw the Kriegspiel into the stunned world as soon as we can , " wrote Debord to Lebovici early in 1978 .
" The cinema seems to me to be over . [...]
I believe that these times do n't deserve a filmmaker like me . "
The edition included an 18 by 14 1/ 4 inch game board and player tokens fabricated in silver - plated copper by the " intrepid " Mr. Raoult , a Parisian artisan whom Debord admired and trusted implicitly .
By the end of June , 1978 , after delays due to poor health , Debord finished drafting a written copy of the game rules .
" I am sending you the rules soon , " he wrote to Lebovici .
" The juridico - geometric writing style has cost me innumerable headaches . "
Ten years later in 1987 , the game was mass - produced on cardboard with wood tiles .
That year Debord and his wife Alice Becker - Ho published a book on the game , Le Jeu de la Guerre : Relevé des positions successives de toutes les forces au cours d'une partie , which was translated into English for the first time in 2007 .
The book is an annotated documentation of game play and includes appendices containing the game rules and strategy tips .
The RSG computer game " Kriegspiel " is an attempt to reinterpret Debord 's ideas in the contemporary landscape , while maintaining a fidelity to his original thinking .
In his letters Debord referred to the game as the " Kriegspiel , " borrowing the German term meaning " war game . "
When the game was fabricated and released in France , Debord officially titled it " Le Jeu de la guerre . "
Since the phrasing " The Game of War " is slightly awkward in English , we opted to title the RSG game using the original word favored by Debord : Kriegspiel .
Debord fashioned the game as a tool for learning strategic thought in the face of real antagonists .
Hence the computer edition is played online against a single opponent .
There is no single - player mode .
In Debord 's view the game represents the totality of factors at play in wartime maneuvers , what he called " the dialectic of all conflicts . "
• • •
Production Credits
Kriegspiel is produced by RSG .
Email :
Web site : http://r-s-g.org/kriegspiel
Founded in 2000 , RSG is a collective of programmers and artists working on experimental software products .
Kriegspiel production team :
Alexander R. Galloway , producer and programming
Carolyn Kane , research
Allison Parrish , programming
Daniel Perlin , sound
DJ /rupture and Matt Shadetek , music
Mushon Zer - Aviv , design
Support provided by :
Eyebeam
Dept of Media , Culture , and Communication , Steinhard School , New York University
• • •
Notice :
This game is not affiliated in any way with Guy Debord or his estate .
﻿
John Paul Stevens the restrainer
Justice John Paul Stevens has long been labeled , correctly , as the leader of the Supreme Court ’s liberal bloc , but I suspect that future historians will refine that distinction a little more carefully .
Stevens ’s chief contribution has been to lead opposition to the galloping judicial overreach of the court ’s conservatives .
It ’s that opposition that ’s on display in his two best - known dissents : First , in Bush v. Gore a decade ago , then , this year , in the Citizens United case .
In the earlier case , Stevens gave voice to all those who felt queasy , constitutionally no less than politically , about the Supreme Court effectively bestowing the presidency on George W. Bush , in a decision that broke de facto , if not de jure , along the justices ' party lines .
In his concluding paragraph , Stevens artfully conflated the lack of confidence in Florida ’s court shown by the Supreme Court majority with the lack of confidence in the impartiality of the Supreme Court itself that the majority opinion inspired .
But the artfulness does n’t diminish one iota the deep indignation that Stevens voiced at a decision that could only be viewed as an assertion of partisanship by the nation ’s highest court .
" What must underlie the petitioner ’s [ that is , the Bush campaign ’s ] assault on the Florida election procedures , " he wrote :
is an unstated lack of confidence in the impartiality and capacity of the state judges who would make the critical decisions if the vote count were to proceed .
Otherwise , their position is wholly without merit .
The endorsement of that position by the majority of this Court can only lend credence to the most cynical appraisal of the work of judges throughout the land .
It is confidence in the men and women who administer the judicial system that is the true backbone of the rule of law .
Time will one day heal the wound to that confidence that will be inflicted by today 's decision .
One thing , however , is certain .
Although we may never know with complete certainty the identity of the winner of this year 's Presidential election , the identity of the loser is perfectly clear .
It is the Nation 's confidence in the judge as an impartial guardian of the rule of law .
That same skepticism towards judicial overreach suffused Stevens ’s dissent in the recent Citizens United decision , which overturned nearly a century of established law to give corporations the right to make direct limitless investments in political campaigns .
In his questioning from the bench during oral arguments , and then in his lengthy and impassioned dissent , Stevens was clearly appalled that Chief Justice John Roberts and his right - wing colleagues had inflated a case that raised rather narrow issues so that they could strike down a century of precedents and free corporations from constraints on their political influence that only rightwing ideologues could lament .
Scholars will surely cite Stevens ’s dissents as the leading examples of how judicial restraint became the mantra not of conservative justices but of liberal ones during the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
And yet this shift , however epochal , has not been sufficiently acknowledged by either the news media or politicians .
Indeed , Republican elected officials still get away with ritual condemnations of liberal judicial activism , as though it were n’t the right - wing justices , whom they elevated and supported , who were the real activists .
Reacting to Stevens ’s retirement announcement today , Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said , " As we await the president 's nominee to replace Justice Stevens at the end of his term , Americans can expect Senate Republicans to make a sustained and vigorous case for judicial restraint and the fundamental importance of an even - handed reading of the law . "
Would that McConnell actually meant what he said .
If he did , he ’d back a liberal nominee in the tradition of John Paul Stevens .
Two zoo otters who were always together have died of heart attacks on the same night .
Staff at Nelson 's Natureland zoo were reeling from the shock of their deaths last week , operations manager Gail Sutton said .
However , they were also relieved that they had gone together .
Daz , 19 , and Chip , 16 , were elderly , as an otter 's average lifespan was 13 to 15 years , she said .
They had been unwell for two weeks and had spent a week in a quarantine area .
After completing treatment , they were due to return to their enclosure the next day but died that night .
Autopsy results indicated that they suffered heart attacks , she said .
Pathology reports were expected to determine what caused the attacks .
" It seems the stress of one having a heart attack was enough to trigger the other heart attack , " Ms Sutton said .
" They were always so close and never apart .
They always cuddled together .
Both went together , and that 's a blessing for them . "
The otters , which were popular with Natureland visitors , lived there for 15 years and helped to raise awareness about the threats facing otters in the wild .
Natureland staff hope to get new otters , and in the meantime will renovate the otter enclosure .
The Los Angeles City Council has voted to ban official travel and cancel most future contracts with Arizona because of its controversial new law on illegal immigration .
The Los Angeles Times writes that during today 's debate , " council members compared Arizona 's action to Nazi Germany and the beginning of the Holocaust , as well as the internment and deportation of Japanese Americans during World War II . "
When it takes effect July 23 , the Arizona law will require police to check people they suspect of being in the United States illegally .
Critics say this will lead to racial profiling .
As for contracts , the city does $ 58 million in business with Arizona firms .
But there are three big multimillion - dollar exceptions to today 's boycott resolution : the city 's airport , its port and utilities .
The council asked the governing boards of those agencies to renew all contracts with Arizona , the Times says .
LAX also receives $ 22 million from two Arizona - based airlines , US Airways and Mesa Air .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
This generation of consoles has been an interesting one for sure , but it ’s not over yet .
In an effort to increase the console lifecycle , Sony and Microsoft have announced motion control devices to be launched this fall .
Both companies are approaching motion gaming vastly differently , but both are using these new technologies as a way to re-launch their respective consoles .
This is in no small way due to the huge success Nintendo has had with their answer to motion gaming .
But how do these three devices compare ?
And which is more likely to control the free time of gamers everywhere ?
This is the second part of the Motion Gaming series , you ’ll find the first here .
Part 1 focuses on Sony ’s answer to Motion Gaming , the Playstation Move .
Part 2 , which you ’ll find below ; will take a closer look at Microsoft ’s Project Natal .
Part 3 will look to Nintendo and their contributions to the motion gaming genre , both past , present and future .
And part 4 will look at all three in an effort to compare and predict the outcome of the motion wars , as well as try and imagine what motion gaming on a whole will look like next generation and beyond .
A day ahead of Sony ’s Playstation Move announcement , Microsoft shocked the world with their highly innovative Project Natal ; a camera powered motion sensing device for the Xbox 360 .
Microsoft spent the better part of the last 20 minutes talking about this new and “ revolutionizing ” force in gaming .
Despite the somewhat broken “ bottom of shoe ” presentation by Kudo Tsunodo , Natal was met with an open minded audience and high praise .
Unlike the Move or Wiimote , Project Natal consists of only one hardware device ; the sensory bar .
Natal consist of two active - pixel sensors or cameras for us regular people , and a crucial infrared light projector .
And although details have n’t emerged on it , Natal is also supposed to be equipped with audio sensing capabilities .
So far we do n’t really know much about Project Natal , yet that did n’t stop Time Magazine giving it the fifth “ Best Inventions of the Year ” award in 2009 .
Full Body Motion Sensing
There is a popular misconception going around that Natal uses its two cameras to detect depth via stereoscopic technology , this is not the case .
If it were , they would n’t need the infrared light source .
Natal ’s two cameras actually have totally different jobs ; one detects only monochrome light and is used to catch the infrared light bouncing back from the different objects in the room .
So the infrared projector and the monochrome sensor provide the Xbox 360 with a crude picture of every object and person in the room , and how far away they are .
For full body motion capture , this requires that the entire front of your body is visible to the camera .
Many have expressed concern because this fact makes coffee tables and cramped living rooms a problem .
Luckily , as of right now it ’s looking like only a small amount of games will require full body motion capture .
Facial Recognition
While the infrared light and the monochrome sensor are all fine and well for detecting the movement of big things , a finer touch is required to handle facial recognition .
Natal has another camera .
This one sees in the full red , green and blue color spectrum and represents the part of the Natal experience you ’ll actually be aware of .
The monochrome camera can only see , well , in monochrome .
It can not give life or meaning to the pictures .
So what natal does is that it overlays the full colored image provided by the RBG sensor on top of the depth image provided by the monochrome sensor .
This allows Natal to detect and understand a person ’s face , creating a whole new level of interaction with the console .
And allowing for other functions like video chat and augmented reality .
Voice Recognition
While Microsoft have n’t yet given any specifics about the microphone (s ) the Natal sensor bar is equipped with , recently we have been informed of what the Natal technology is based on .
Last month we got confirmation that the Israeli company PrimeSense are the masterminds behind this technology .
Based on their description of the device , it seems likely that Natal will use a microphone array similar to that in the PSEye only with two microphones instead of three .
Whether this matters or not depends on the technology behinds it , but even so , it could be debatable .
At E3 2009 Peter Molyneux of LionHead Studios showed the world the quality of Natal ’s voice recognition with Milo , the user was able to have a relatively fast passed conversation with a character without any visible bugs or latency .
Though the few people who got to try this themselves under less controlled conditions came back saying it “ need ’s a lot of work . ”
Software
Supporting the Natal sensor bar is an elaborate and complicated algorithm based software solution on the Xbox 360 .
Initially it was reported that Natal would come with its own processing unit to support the massive amount of calculation required to make sense of all the data it received from the sensors .
This was however scraped by Microsoft to bring down costs .
Instead Microsoft decided to allow “ 10 - 15 % ” of the Xbox processor to handle the calculations , meaning that system resources will have to be allocated for this purpose .
In effect this rules out the possibility of motion control becoming backwards compatible with older games .
But while older games ca n’t just be patched , we have seen demos of older games running Natal , games like Burnout Paradise .
Games can in fact be redone to utilize Natal , but the change is so extensive that it would n’t be backwards compatible through patching .
Instead the developer would have to re-release the game , effectively asking previous owners to buy it again .
So while it is possible that you will someday get to play Halo 3 with Project Natal , it is n’t very likely .
Games
Not much can be said about the games announced so far .
Primarily because there are so few of them and from what we ’ve seen each is little more than a tech demo .
The most substantial project would undoubtedly have to be Fable III , which will utilize Natal for some of it ’s gameplay , though this does not by any means represent the bulk of it , nor is it required .
Another project by LionHead Studios is Milo , which as I mentioned above ; lets you interact with a character in real time .
This was very much a the tech demo stage last time it was shown , since it was n’t clear how it might actually translate into a purchased product .
Many have speculated that it could be used in the genera of the interactive movie , a genera that Quantum Dream popularized with Heavy Rain .
Then you ’ve got Ricochet , the Breakout - like game , where the player is tasked with destroying blocks down range by punching or kicking back a bouncy red ball ; all through full body motion capture .
And Paint Party a painting game where you toss paint at a canvas , or pose for the camera to create backdrops and shapes .
Both of these games are likely to be downloadable or included in some sort of a compilation , akin to Wii Sports or Sports Champion for the Move .
Despite the lack of information on games , many publishers have stated that several games for “ all motion gaming platforms ” are currently being developed .
We just have n’t heard of them yet .
One game was recently leaked by avid gamer and screen writer James Gunn ; supposedly called River Rush .
It ’s a two player game based on controlling a river raft as is rushes downstream .
Conclusion
Much is still unknown about Project Natal .
For example , a rumor just surfaced saying that the sensor bar would featured a motorized tilt mechanism .
If this turns out to be true , then it would mean that the Natal sensor bar could readjust its angle to keep the subject in view .
This would allow for more freedom of movement , and could result in some amusing minigames itself .
But what stands out about Project Natal far more then its competitors is potential .
Problems have to be overcome for it to work in traditional games , simple things like walking leave us with a headache trying to imagine how Natal will offer a solution .
So while Natal has great potential , it is so far unrealized .
In part 4 I ’ll be looking more closely on this problem and make some predications on what attempts we can expect to see in solving it .
BikeUMentary : A UCLA Transportation Documentary
A short film documentary from UCLA Transportation and the Sustainable Resource Center .
Within this short film they talk to a few different bike commuters in the LA area .
Each user gives the advantages of choosing a bike for transportation , tips for how to get started and on safety .
Two thumbs up for a 5 minute film to encourage bike commuters !
XBMC is a fantastic and free cross- platform media center application we 're nuts for .
If you 've wanted to start using it or just wanted to customize the XBMC installation you 're already running , this guide will walk you through everything , from installation to total customization .
Advertisement
Update :
This guide is now out of date .
Check out our new complete guide to XBMC for more up - to - date options .
Advertisement
We 've featured quite a few XBMC tips , tricks , and guides here at Lifehacker .
We 're quite fond of it , and with good reason :
It 's attractive , powerful , and highly customizable .
In fact , nearly everyone at Lifehacker has a copy installed somewhere — and I have XBMC networked and running on every television and computer in my house .
Rather than leave you to dig through the archives of all the tips and guides we 've shared , today we 're going to walk you through our guides covering everything from installation to tweaking your media and media center for the ultimate XBMC experience , start to finish .
Rather than rehash the detailed instructions we 've laid out in various guides , we 'll highlight the most compelling reasons for each tweak and direct you back to the original guide for a step - by - step walk through .
When you 're done , you 'll have a streamlined media center with some awesome skins , a tidy media collection , automatic television show downloading , and games !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Install XBMC
Advertisement
XBMC originated as an ambitious media center project on the original Xbox , but has since grown well beyond the capabilities of its platform of origin .
While our step - by - step guide to turning a classic Xbox into a killer media center is still a great way to breathe life into an old Xbox , the old Pentium III in the classic Xbox is showing its age .
If you 're using the classic Xbox you can follow along with the suggestions in this guide , but keep in mind that the original Xbox can't handle some of the flashier skins .
Everyone can grab a copy of XBMC for their respective operating system here .
For additional guidance you 'll want to check out our guides to installing XBMC on a USB drive , on a Mac , or if you have any troubles with the straightforward Windows install , check out the XBMC for Windows wiki .
Advertisement
Advertisement
On the other hand , if you 're feeling ambitious — and have a little extra cash to spend on this project — you 'll definitely want to check out our guide to building a silent and standalone XBMC media center on the cheap .
It really is dead silent , tiny , an excellent upgrade path from the classic Xbox architecture .
Imagine squishing your classic
Xbox down to the size of a paperback book — see the picture above — and upgrading the video output to 1080 and you 've got the awesome nettop - based XBMC build we put together .
Advertisement
Even if you do n't opt to buy a new nettop for the project , using the XBMC LiveCD to install XBMC on an older machine is a great way to turn an otherwise lacking machine into a great , dedicated HTPC for media playback .
I 've installed XBMC from the LiveCD onto many an older box that would n't have done very well with Windows + XBMC for Windows but does HD playback easily with the lightweight version of Ubuntu that installs with XBMC from the LiveCD .
Set Up Your Remote
Advertisement
Some people will have it easier than others when it comes to configuring their remotes .
The classic Xbox works with the Microsoft DVD playback kit right out of the box .
If you 're running XBMC on Linux ( like our silent standalone build , you can use Windows Media Center remotes just fine — but good luck using that Windows Media Center remote on a Windows machine running XBMC without a big hassle ( go figure ! ) .
Mac users can read about configuring the Apple remote in our guide here or jump directly to the XBMC for Mac wiki .
Be forewarned that in some situations , especially on Windows , configuring IR remotes to work with XBMC can be a chore .
On Windows , I 've used both LIRC for Windows and EventGhost with success .
You can read up on LIRC with our guide here or see an example of using EventGhost with XBMC here .
Speaking from experience here , once you get your remote configured just the way you want , make sure — extra , extra sure !— to back up your remote configuration file from your respective application .
It 's a pain to set up remote configuration files , but if you back it up , you 'll only be doing it once .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Configuring the basic remote is a great start and many people wo n't need to venture beyond the basics , but this would hardly be a comprehensive guide if we did n't cover some of the other neat ways you can interact with your XBMC .
After recently upgrading to an Android - based phone , I started experimenting with this Android remote control for XBMC — seen in the screenshot above — which essentially turns my phone into a wireless touchscreen remote that can access any of my XBMCs and browse their music and movie collections .
If you have an Android , iPhone , or Windows Mobile phone , you 'll want to check out the remote applications available for them .
I can't say enough good things about Android remote control for XBMC .
It even supports multiple XBMCs so I can swap music in one part of the house while queuing up a movie in another — amazing !
Advertisement
Even if you do n't have a phone , you can still enhance your XBMC experience with computer - based remotes .
XBMC has a built - in web server with a remote tool and a variety of small applications like XBMC Control — seen in the screenshot above — make it easy to control your music or video playback from your netbook , laptop , or desktop — quite handy for changing the music playing through the living room stereo from your office .
Check out our full guide to enhancing your XBMC experience with remote controls for any device for more information .
Advertisement
Make It Pretty
With each new generation of XBMC , the default skin becomes more beautiful .
Even with a great default , there are tons of stunning skins that make exploring alternatives to the default quite worthwhile .
We highlighted five awesome ones here , and you can browse even more at the official XBMC site — the video above is of Aeon , one of the more ambitious skins around .
Advertisement
Aside from actually enjoying your media , showcasing it with a beautiful , easy - to - navigate skin is probably the best part of XBMC .
Without fail , every visitor who sees my setup asks me how much I paid for it and has trouble believing that something as polished and awesome as XBMC is available for free .
There simply is n't a commercial media player that comes close to the " The future is now ! " vibe of XBMC .
I wo n't point fingers , but having played around with many of the commercial media devices on the market , most of them have interfaces that look like they hail from last century .
Read up on skinning your XBMC install here .
Advertisement
If you want to keep on top of the latest skin developments and really see how far designers are pushing XBMC , you 'll want to keep an eye on the skinning forum at XBMC.org .
You 'll find sub - forums there for popular skinning projects like Aeon , Confluence , and more .
I 've logged quite a bit of time over the years reading posts on the XBMC forums ; it 's a great place to get very specific help on nearly everything related to XBMC from install issues to little tweaks for your favorite skins .
Massage Your Media for Maximum Wow Factor
Advertisement
If showing off a glossy new skin catches peoples attention , you wo n't believe how impressed they are that you can do things like display all movies with a certain actress in them , browse by director , or at a glance look over the media information and see immediately if a movie is in HD , what kind of audio channel it uses , and see a summary of the movie or view a trailer .
Earlier this year we put together an extensive guide to getting your media collection in shape for XBMC .
While the XBMC media scrapers do an admirable job on their own , there 's no substitute for storing information about your media collection with the actual media collection instead of in the XBMC database .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Things run faster , restoration after a hard drive crash or an XBMC reinstallation takes minutes — instead of hours , hours , and more hours of rescraping your collection — and you get fine tuned control over your media .
If you 've ever had to leave your XBMC running for a 12 hour marathon of movie and music scraping or you 've been annoyed at frequent mistakes from scrapers , you should take the time to clean up your media and start storing the media info with the media itself and not within the XBMC database .
It 's not as intimidating or as time consuming as it sounds , but you 'll definitely want to make a weekend project of it if you 've got a huge collection .
Just be prepared to continually explain to guests that you did n't pay anything for the awesomeness they are experiencing .
Automate TV Show Downloads
Advertisement
If you use your XBMC to watch downloaded and ripped television shows , you really need a system in place to automate the process before you get buried under unwatched and weirdly named episodes .
Check out this guide to fully automating the flow of television shows from the tubes to your XBMC server to learn how to take television shows from torrents to neatly named and filed away without any interaction on your part .
If you 've never wrestled with cataloging lots of television shows before , we can't emphasize enough how much time an automated system like this will save you .
XBMC is n't a TiVo but with an automatic workflow like the one outlined here , it might as well be .
Advertisement
Fun and Games
Advertisement
We all have projects we 've been intending to get around to doing but never find time for .
Ever since I switched from using the classic Xbox to using a PC running XBMC , I missed the games .
My old Xbox was set up with emulators and I had my old Xbox games on it too .
When I moved to a new machine I never got around to setting up the game section of XBMC until Whitson wrote up an awesome tutorial on how to turn XBMC into a video game console .
Advertisement
Check out the tutorial to see how to use XBMC to catalog your computer games , emulators , and how to play them all with an Xbox 360 controller .
Thanks to the guide , the only thing I missed from my classic Xbox is back in my media center menu .
You do n't need games on a media center , of course , but we 're building the ultimate media center .
The real measure of the ultimate media center is if it will stream the Super Mario Bros. movie , showcase the Super Mario Bros.
Super Show ! , and let you play Super Mario Bros .
3 .
Not to engage in some " Back when I was a lad ... " nostalgia but I would have killed for a guide like this when I first started with XBMC .
Back in the early days of XBMC , if you had a question about how something worked you hit up Google , the XBMC forums , and dug until you found some answers .
Every new thing involved crazy tweaks , tinkering , swearing , and more digging in the forums for answers .
Thankfully XBMC has evolved and now somebody with no prior experience can take a guide like this , work their way from the top of the list to the bottom , and be rewarded with a jaw dropping media center when they 're done .
Speaking of lists , if you 're feeling a little overwhelmed at all the stuff that goes into tweaking XBMC into an ultimate media center , check out the list below and schedule each step onto your calendar :
Download and install XBMC ( also check out our silent nettop build Set up your remote .
Slap on some new skins !
Clean up your media .
Automate TV show downloading and sorting .
Install emulators and link to your installed games .
Invite your friends over to check out your awesome handiwork !
Have a favorite XBMC tweak or tip ?
Stuck trying to figure out how to do something with XBMC ?
Sound off in the comments to share your tweaks or get some help .
Advertisement
Jason Fitzpatrick is an XBMC devotee who spreads the gospel of open - source media center magic whenever he can .
If he has n't already converted you to XBMC through the miracle of streaming media and meticulously cataloged movies it 's only a matter of time .
The blowout and oil spill on the Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf of Mexico was caused by a flawed well plan that did not include enough cement between the 7 - inch production casing and the 9 7/8 - inch protection casing .
The presumed blowout preventer ( BOP ) failure is an important but secondary issue .
Although the resulting oil spill has potentially grave environmental implications , recent efforts to limit the flow with an insertion tube have apparently been effective .
Continuous efforts to slow or stop the flow include drilling two nearby relief wells that may intersect the MC 252 wellbore within 60 - 90 days .
It is early in the process of discovering what really happened .
Because of the gravity and potential impact of this disaster on the nation and my industry , however , I wanted to provide an early and more investigative perspective than much of what has appeared in the media to date .
The risk , of course , is that more information will invalidate some of what follows .
I , therefore , wish to clarify that this is a fact - based interpretation of what may have happened on the Deepwater Horizon on April 20 , 2010 but , in the end , it is an interpretation .
- Art Berman
Author ’s Note : I am grateful to the many drilling and completion engineers that consulted with me on this post to arrive at plausible explanations and interpretations of what happened in the final hours on the semisubmersible drilling rig Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf of Mexico .
The analysis that follows is based on these discussions as well as my own 32 years of experience as a geologist working in the oil and gas industry .
On April 20 , 2010 , the crew of the Deepwater Horizon was preparing to temporarily abandon BP ’s “ Macondo ” discovery well in Mississippi Canyon ( MC ) Block 252 ( Figure 1 ) .
In a few hours , they would have been ready to move the drilling rig off location so that a completion rig could move on .
At about 10:00 p.m. , the rig unexpectedly began to shake and a loud surging noise was accompanied by natural gas , drilling mud and sea water that shot high above the floor of the drill ship .
The gas exploded and the rig was engulfed in flames .
A second explosion followed and the electricity went out .
Eleven men died instantly and 115 others rushed to the lifeboats or jumped into the Gulf of Mexico .
This all happened so fast that those who died probably had no time to understand what was happening .
Two days later , the Deepwater Horizon sank to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico , and oil has been spilling into the Gulf at rates of at least 5,000 barrels per day since then ( there are 42 gallons in a barrel ) .
The MC 252 well is located in 5,067 ft of water about 50 miles from the coast of Louisiana .
The total depth of the well was 18,360 ft below sea level ( 13,293 ft below the sea floor ) .
This is not an unusually deep well nor was it drilled in exceptionally deep water compared to many other wells in the Gulf of Mexico .
The Gulf drilling depth record was set earlier this year at more than 30,000 ft below the sea floor ( The Oil Drum , January 18 , 2010 : http://www.theoildrum.com/node/6135#more), and the current water - depth record of 10,011 ft was set in 2003 ( http://www.deepwater.com/fw/main/Home-1.html).
Much information has surfaced since the accident through congressional and Mineral Management Service ( MMS ) hearings , public statements from the companies involved and , on May 16 , a feature report on CBS Television ’s Sixty Minutes program .
Most of this information comes from eye - witness accounts by people on or near the Deepwater Horizon at the time of the blowout .
I consider most of the publicly available accounts so far to be potential hearsay although they probably contain some good observations and elements of truth .
I discount the value of the testimonials chiefly because none of these people were on the rig floor at the time of the blowout .
In addition , the only people who have a comprehensive and fact - based understanding of the events leading to the accident are either sequestered by the companies involved or are dead .
Chronology of the Disaster
1 . The well had reached a depth of 13,293 ft below the sea floor .
The final string of production casing from the wellhead at the sea floor to total depth had been put in the hole , and cemented in place on April 19 , 2010 .
2 . Only 51 barrels of cement were used according to the well plan .
This was not sufficient to ensure a seal between the 7 - inch production casing and the previously cemented 9 7/8 - inch protection casing ( Figure 2 ) .
3 . Mud had been lost to the reservoir while drilling the bottom portion of the well ( this is called “ lost circulation ” ) .
It usually indicates good reservoir quality , an interval of lower pressure or both , and can result in an enlarged wellbore or “ washout ” .
The significance of this is that it might have been difficult to create a good cement seal between the casing and the formation .
It also would have been impossible to ensure the effectiveness of the cement seal without running a cement - bond log , and this was not done .
4 . The cement contained a nitrogen additive to make it lighter so that it would flow more easily and better fill the area between the casing and the lost circulation - washout zone .
This also may have decreased its sealing effectiveness .
Gas from the reservoir may have further diluted the viscosity of the cement .
5 . While waiting approximately 20 hours for the cement to dry on April 20 , the crew began displacing the drilling fluid ( “ mud ” ) in the wellbore and riser with sea water before setting a cement plug and moving off location .
This mud was pumped into tanks at the surface , and then onto a platform supply vessel alongside the rig ( whose captain gave testimony before an MMS hearing last week ) .
6 . Sea water is much lighter than drilling mud so there was less downward force in the wellbore to balance the flow of gas from the reservoir .
The drilling supervisors knew that there was gas in the drilling fluid because a gas flare can be seen in photos probably coming from a diverter line in the riser ( Figure 3 ) .
7 . The chart of drilling parameters for the last two hours before the blowout suggests that the riser and upper 3,000 ft of the wellbore were fully displaced with seawater by 20:00 on April 20 , and the crew was circulating the drilling fluid Beginning 10 minutes later , at 20:10 , the mud pit volume began to increase probably because of gas influx ( Figure 4 ) .
The volume increased so much , that the recorder re-zeroed four times .
When the crew stopped pumping at 21:08 , the mud pit volume decreased and this may have alleviated some concern about gas influx .
8 . At 21:30 , they stopped pumping again and circulated , but the pit volume continued to increase ( Figure 5 ) .
Standpipe pressure increased and decreased twice between 21:30 and 21:42 ( standpipe pressure generally reflects bottom hole pressure ) .
This , along with a steady increase in mud pit volume , suggests that surges of gas were entering the drilling fluid from a gas column below the wellhead , and outside of the 7 - inch production casing .
Gas had probably channeled past the inadequate cement job near the bottom of the well and , by now , had reached the seals and pack - offs separating it from the riser at the sea floor .
9 . At 21:47 , the rate of standpipe pressure and mud pit volume went off scale , and water flow was measured at the surface .
The blowout had begun .
Between 21:47 and 21:49 the gas behind the 7 - inch production casing apparently overcame the wellhead seals and pack - offs that separated the wellbore from the riser .
Almost instantaneously , the gas shot the water out of the riser and above the crown of the derrick .
Then , the gas ignited and exploded .
Issues That Can and Cannot Be Addressed
There are many disturbing issues raised by the MC 252 well blowout .
The Sixty Minutes report leaves the impression that there were clear indications of things that went wrong in the weeks leading up to the blowout .
It further implies that BP and the other companies involved with the drilling operation ignored these problems in the interest of saving time and money .
I do not believe that there is sufficient and credible publicly available information to address those issues at this time .
Based on the chronology presented above , it seems strange that so little was apparently done in the hour - and - forty minutes between the notable increase in mud pit volume and the blowout , except to stop pumping twice .
At the same time , it is easy to see the warning signs now that we know the outcome , and we do not know what was done or discussed at the time -- we only have recordings on a chart .
What can be addressed now is the larger issue that a flawed , risky well plan for the MC 252 well was approved by the MMS , and BP , Anadarko and Mitsui management .
Similar or identical plans were undoubtedly approved and used by many operators on other wells drilled in the Gulf of Mexico .
A plan that does not include enough cement to overlap the final and previous casing strings , and that does not require running a cement - bond log to ensure the integrity of the seal is a defective plan .
The fact that there have not been blowouts on previous wells does not justify the approval and use of an unsafe plan .
Interior Secretary Salazar has announced a suspension of offshore drilling permits and an indefinite ban on new offshore drilling .
This will have a profound economic impact on many thousands of rig and associated service jobs .
The result will undoubtedly be new regulations .
More regulation will accomplish little , however , if the underlying problem is a lack of critical thinking by the companies that drill oil and gas wells and the government agencies that oversee their activities .
... hooks comments on how she learned to recognize the value of an education that allowed her to speak in many voices .
She writes :
In part , attending all - black segregated schools with black teachers meant that I had come to understand black poets as being capable of speaking in many ...
It seemed that many black students found our situations problematic precisely because our sense of self , and by definition our voice , was not unilateral , monologist , or static but rather multi-dimensional .
We were as at home in dialect as we were in standard English .
Individuals who speak languages other than English , who speak patois as well as standard English , find it a necessary aspect of self - affirmation not to feel compelled to choose one voice over another , not to claim one as more authentic , ...
עוד
עמוד 193 - It was really a question of that : the best strutter in the club , he'd be the Grand Marshal .
He'd be a man who could prance when he walked , a man that could really fool and surprise you .
He 'd keep time to the music , but all along he'd keep a strutting and moving so you 'd never know what he was going to be doing next .
Naturally , the music , it makes you strut , but it's him too , the way he 's strutting , it gets you .
It 's what you want from a parade : you want to see it as well as hear it .
And all those ... ‏ מופיע ב- 5 ספרים מ-1960 עד 2002
עמוד 5
He be sittin ' down in his underwear with a towel around his lap , one around his shoulders an ' that white handkerchief on his head , and he'd put that grease around his lips .
Look like a minstrel man , ya know . . . an ' laughin ' you know natural the way he is .
‏ מופיע ב- 5 ספרים מ-1983 עד 2005
עמוד 170 - Walk on , walk on , with hope in your heart
And you 'll never walk alone ;
You 'll never walk alone .
‏ מופיע ב- 40 ספרים מ-1946 עד 2008
עמוד 165 - There 's no such thing as on the way out .
As long as you are still doing something interesting and good .
You are in business as long as you are breathing .
Yeah .
‏ מופיע ב- 5 ספרים מ-1982 עד 2001
עמוד 107 - never ' found out ' until this day .
—
All I know is —
Whom ever were the ' Gang in ' New York sent ' Gangsters to ' Chicago where I was ' working and tried their ' Damnedest to ' Frighten me into ' Quitting the ' Job and Come to New York , to ' Open up back at ' Connie 's Inn again . —
And I felt that — as ' dirty as ' Connie ' Fired me and my ' Band , I did not want any ' parts of those ' people 'ever again — I am just that way .
If you ' Kick my ' Ass ' ' Once you can Tset I wo n't come back if I can Tielp it , so ... ‏ מופיע ב- 4 ספרים מ-1997 עד 2004
עמוד 15
So they get full of their mint juleps or that bad whiskey the poor white trash were guzzling down like water , then when they get so damn drunk until they 'd go out of their minds , it 's Nigger Hunting time .
Any Nigger .
They would n't give up until they would find one .
From then on , Lord have mercy on the poor darkie .
Then they would torture the poor darkie , as innocent as he may be .
Then they would get their usual ignorant Cheshire ... ‏ מופיע ב- 4 ספרים מ-1997 עד 2005
עמוד 36 I 'd carry his horn .
I guess I was about 14 .
Joe gave me cornet lessons , and when I was a kid I ran errands for his wife .
‏ מופיע ב- 3 ספרים מ-1995 עד 2004
עמוד 5 Liable to see maybe two policemen or detectives , see .
You see a judge .
All of 'em different levels of society in the dressin ' room and he 's talking to all of 'em .
" Sister So and So , do you know Slick Sam over there ?
This is Slick Sam , an ole friend of mine . "
Now the nun 's going to meet Slick Sam .
Old Notorious , been in nine penitentiaries .
" Slick Sam , meet Rabbi Goldstein over there , he 's a friend of mine , rabbi good man , religious man .
Sister Margaret , do you know Rabbi Goldstein ?
Amelia , this is ... ‏ מופיע ב- 4 ספרים מ-1983 עד 2002
פחות
Scientists like Richard Dawkins say the universe has no design , no purpose , no evil and no good , but these things are not the business of science , says geneticist Francisco J. Ayala .
They are the exclusive preserve of religion
Religion has nothing to do with science – and vice versa
Are religion and science incompatible ?
Some scientists assert that valid knowledge can only come from science .
They hold that religious beliefs are the remains of pre-scientific explanations of the world and amount to nothing more than superstition .
On the other side , some people of faith believe that science conveys a materialistic view of the world that denies the existence of any reality outside the material world .
Science , they think , is incompatible with their religious faith .
I contend that both – scientists denying religion and believers rejecting science – are wrong .
Science and religious beliefs need not be in contradiction .
If they are properly understood , they cannot be in contradiction because science and religion concern different matters .
The scope of science is the world of nature : the reality that is observed , directly or indirectly , by our senses .
Science advances explanations about the natural world , explanations that are accepted or rejected by observation and experiment .
Outside the world of nature , however , science has no authority , no statements to make , no business whatsoever taking one position or another .
Science has nothing decisive to say about values , whether economic , aesthetic or moral ; nothing to say about the meaning of life or its purpose .
Science has nothing to say , either , about religious beliefs , except when these beliefs transcend the proper scope of religion and make assertions about the natural world that contradict scientific knowledge .
Such statements can not be true .
People of faith need not be troubled that science is materialistic .
The materialism of science asserts its limits , not its universality .
The methods and scope of science remain within the world of matter .
It can not make assertions beyond that world .
Science transcends cultural , political and religious beliefs because it has nothing to say about these subjects .
That science is not constrained by cultural or religious differences is one of its great virtues .
It does not transcend these differences by denying them or taking one position rather than another .
It transcends cultural , political and religious convictions because these matters are none of its business .
Some scientists deny that there can be valid knowledge about values or about the meaning and purpose of the world and of human life .
The biologist Richard Dawkins explicitly denies design , purpose and values .
In River out of Eden , he writes :
" The universe that we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is , at bottom , no design , no purpose , no evil and no good , nothing but blind , pitiless indifference . "
William Provine , a historian of science , asserts that there are no absolute principles of any sort .
He believes modern science directly implies that there are no inherent moral or ethical laws , no absolute guiding principles for human society .
There is a monumental contradiction in these assertions .
If its commitment to naturalism does not allow science to derive values , meaning or purposes from scientific knowledge , it surely does not allow it , either , to deny their existence .
In its publication Teaching About Evolution and the Nature of Science , the US National Academy of Sciences emphatically asserts that religion and science answer different questions about the world :
" Whether there is a purpose to the universe or a purpose for human existence are not questions for science . "
The academy adds :
" Consequently , many people including many scientists , hold strong religious beliefs and simultaneously accept the occurrence of evolution . "
Science as a mode of inquiry into the nature of the universe has been immensely successful and of great technological and economic consequence .
The US Office of Management and Budget has estimated that 50 % of all economic growth in the US since the second world war can be directly attributed to scientific knowledge and technical advances .
The technology derived from scientific knowledge pervades our lives : the high - rise buildings of our cities , throughways and long - span bridges , rockets that take men and women into outer space , telephones that provide instant communication across continents , computers that perform complex calculations in millionths of a second , vaccines and drugs that keep pathogens at bay , gene therapies that replace DNA in defective cells .
These remarkable achievements bear witness to the validity of the scientific knowledge from which they originated .
People of faith should stand in awe of the wondrous achievements of science .
But they should not be troubled that science may deny their religious beliefs .
Nor should people of faith transgress the proper boundaries of religion by making assertions about the natural world that are contrary to scientific knowledge .
Religion concerns the meaning and purpose of the world and human life , the proper relation of people to their Creator and to each other , the moral values that inspire and govern their lives .
Science , on the other hand , concerns the processes that account for the natural world : how the planets move , the composition of matter and the atmosphere , the origin and function of organisms .
Religion has nothing definitive to say about these natural processes : nothing about the causes of tsunamis or earthquakes or why volcanic eruptions occur , or why there are droughts that ruin farmers ' crops .
The explanation of these processes belongs to science .
It is a categorical mistake to seek their explanation in religious beliefs or sacred texts .
Science provides an account of how galaxies , stars and planets came about after the big bang .
It has discovered how the HIV epidemic originated and how Aids spreads .
A person of faith may interpret these events in religious terms , but they are explained by science .
There are people of faith who see the theory of evolution and scientific cosmology as contrary to the creation narrative in Genesis .
But Genesis is a book of religious revelations and of religious teachings , not a treatise on astronomy or biology .
According to Augustine , the great theologian of the early Christian church , it is a blunder to mistake the Bible for an elementary textbook of astronomy , geology , or other natural sciences .
As he writes in his commentary on Genesis :
" If it happens that the authority of sacred Scripture is set in opposition to clear and certain reasoning , this must mean that the person who interprets Scripture does not understand it correctly . "
He adds :
" It is a disgraceful and dangerous thing to hear a Christian , presumably giving the meaning of Holy Scripture , talking nonsense on these topics [ the Earth , the heavens , the motion and orbit of the stars , the kinds of animals and shrubs ] . "
Successful as it is , however , a scientific view of the world is hopelessly incomplete .
Matters of value and meaning are outside the scope of science .
Even when we have a satisfying scientific understanding of a natural object or process , we are still missing matters that may well be thought by many to be of equal or greater import .
Scientific knowledge may enrich aesthetic and moral perceptions and illuminate the significance of life and the world , but these matters are outside the realm of science .
Francisco J. Ayala is a molecular biologist and evolutionary geneticist at the University of California , Irvine , and winner of this year 's Templeton Prize
Daniel Barry for The New York Times
New York City is filled with expatriate tribes .
There are the Brits who pack Fiddlesticks for rugby games and Tea and Sympathy for scones , the diplomats in and around the United Nations , and French and Francophiles who play boules every July 14 on Macdougal Street .
But there is another group , perhaps a little bit less known , but no less passionate in their ties to home and their feelings for it .
They came from a gritty city to the north and west , on the shore of a great body of water , in a place where it happens to snow a lot .
Of course , we ’re speaking of Buffalonians .
They flock to places like Bar Italia on the Upper East Side ( the chef / owner , Denis Franceschani , hails directly from Italy , but his wife , Colleen , is a Buffalonian ) and Smith & Wollensky ( the head bartender , Patty Ford , is a legend by way of Buffalo ) .
Black Finn is for hockey games , and McFadden ’s is for football games .
On Thursday , the Buffalo Expat Network , known as the BEN , is even holding a mixer for Buffalo Expats at Bongo in the West Village .
Daniel Barry for The New York Times
Then there ’s Bonnie ’s Grill in Park Slope .
Brooklyn .
The owner , Mike Naber , has been dishing out Buffalo specialties for 10 years .
“ Chicken wings , beef on weck , and Genny Cream Ale are my babies , ” he laughed .
“ I ’d get eaten alive if I ever tried to do this back in Buffalo , because it ’s not anything special or unique there . ”
It ’s curious that these Buffalonians left one of the hardest cities in the world to make it in to go straight to , well , one of the hardest cities in the world to make it in .
But therein lies the problem .
Buffalo — also known as the Queen City — was once one of the richest cities in the nation , and is now one of the poorest .
“ It was an important and pioneering city whose chief export is now its people , ” explained Frits Abell , one of the founders of the BEN , which has united thousands of Buffalonians worldwide , a large contingent of whom live in New York City .
“ We care about the city from afar , ” he added , underscoring another Buffalo nickname , the City of Good Neighbors .
“ The people of Buffalo are saving Buffalo , not the politicians .
It ’s what being from Buffalo is all about — there ’s an incredible sense of community . ”
Erica Silverman , 32 , concurred .
“ I love Buffalo for one plain and simple reason : the people .
I know Buffalo is a hard city to love unless you ’re from there originally , but there ’s an inner spirit and fighting determination of its residents .
I ’ve lived in New York for 14 years , and that feeling has n’t dimmed in me . ”
For his part , Jason Breen , 30 , a more recent Buffalo transplant , explained : “ Every time I meet an expatriate or a Buffalonian on vacation , I feel as though I just had an encounter with a long - lost cousin .
There is an understanding , an instant bond and a mutual respect between us . ”
Elad Ziv , a 26 - year - old actor , summed up the Buffalo - boosting by proclaiming ( without a hint of irony ) , “ Buffalo is the Monte Carlo of western New York . ”
Though he , too , is one of the scores of expats who loves his hometown , Mike Fitzpatrick , 36 , had a different viewpoint .
There are many reasons , after all , that the Buffalo expats are here and not there .
“ Buffalo just does n’t move forward ; it does n’t make progress , ” he said .
“ And unlike in Buffalo , you can live in New York and not have to follow parameters , like not be married with three kids by a certain age . ”
He shrugged , almost helplessly , and added , “ This is my home now . ”
Of course , having three children by a certain age does not scare everyone .
And neither does moving back home .
Though her job as a television executive is keeping her in New York for now , Sarah Crabbe , 32 , said , “ One day I plan on getting married and starting a family , and I intend to do it in Buffalo , where I can give my children the same gifts my parents gave me . ”
She continued thoughtfully : “ All I have to do is find a guy I can convince to move to Buffalo with me .
I ’m going to look for someone from Jersey or Staten Island .
I think they might have some idea of how I feel . ”
When transit advocates talk past each other , especially about the
glories of their favorite technology , I often feel we need a better way to talk about
what ’s really important .
Which features of a technology or transit plan
are truly essential in motivating ridership ?
Which are just really
nice ?
One framework that may be helpful , suggested in an excellent
post by Engineer Scotty , is Abraham Maslow ’s famous Hierarchy
of Needs : .
Bottom line : People care about a particular set of needs only if lower - level needs are met .
This explains , for example , why it ’s hard to get the people in poor and violent countries to care about democracy .
A need for democracy arguably belongs to the Esteem level , as it ’s about the government ’s esteem of the citizen .
But democracy is a pointless abstraction if you ’re starving — i.e. your Physiological needs are not met — or even if you ’re well fed but worried about civil war — i.e. threatened on the Safety level .
Most tales about the development of human civilization are about societies climbing , and slipping back , on this pyramid .
Scotty ’s post looks at a University of Florida survey that used Maslow ’s scheme to understand how people weigh different transit desires against each other .
The survey has lots of problems — dig via Scotty ’s post if you ’re interested — but it ’s a question worth thinking about .
We transport planners are sometimes cast as narrow - minded because we obsess about travel time .
But we obsess about it because human beings do .
When an urbanist such as Patrick Condon suggests that I should want transit to be slower so that it will foster better communities , I sense a problem that Maslow ’s pyramid might elucidate .
Where in Maslow ’s pyramid would we locate our need for speed ?
You might argue that it depends on the purpose of travel , but the vast majority of our travel is about the three lowest levels of the pyramid .
These levels — Physiological , Safety and Love / belonging — are what motivate us to work , and work is one of the great drivers of transit demand .
( Sure , you say you work for Self - actualization .
So do I , but only when the other needs are met !
Put it another way : I work for Self - actualization , but my Physiological and Safety needs explain why I cash my paycheck instead of framing it . )
More directly , the anxious basic lower - level needs are why we often feel “ we just need to get there . ”
You ’re waiting for a bus or train because you want to be home where it ’s safe .
( Safety )
Or you want to get home to your partner or child ( Safety and Love / belonging ) .
Or you ’re hungry — a Physiological need .
When I hear certain urbanist circles argue that we should design transit mainly to be fun ( as Darrin Nordahl does ) or to catalyze certain desirable urban form outcomes ( as Professor Condon does ) , the resulting consensus — if one forms — seems to consist of two groups of people :
Citizens engaged in visionary debate about what would make their city better .
Professionals engaged in selling a certain transit product and related services .
The second group , of course , is just people doing their jobs ; they ’re motivated to sell the product , becuase doing so is ultimately tied to their success at their work , and thus to their own Physiological and Safety needs .
The first group , on the other hand , is working at the Self - actualization level , the summit of the pyramid .
They ’re asking great questions about what the good urban life is .
They are also , by definition , a self - selected portion of the population that has met all their lower needs to the point that they have time to think about this one .
But as Maslow shows , they should n’t expect these considerations to be very convincing to a citizen who ’s stranded on a rainy streetcorner , or in a stopped transit vehicle , because the city designed its transit to catalyze great urban life at the expense of making it fast and reliable .
That person will see other people ’s high - level needs being placed above their low - level needs .
And once they have that perception , they ’re ready to join , say , the Los Angeles Bus Riders Union ( BRU ) .
In the early 1990s in Los Angeles , a critical mass of people saw their bus service being cut even as money went into long - term rail transit plans .
The rail projects were good ones , for the most part , but they were far in the future and therefore only relevant to people whose immediate needs were met .
As a result of the BRU ’s lawsuit , the Los Angeles County transit agency spent about a decade under a “ consent decree ” in which courts reviewed all their plans , to ensure that the city ’s massive and crowded bus system was not just protected but enhanced .
Today , Los Angeles is deservedly moving forward with rail again , but it ’s also a city where buses are taken seriously .
This is n’t a buses - are - better - than - rail post .
Longtime readers know that I advocate whatever technology meets the identified needs in a particular situation .
I adamantly support every community ’s right to decide what its needs are .
If some communities decide that values such as fun or comfort or classiness or sheer love of technology rank high for them , I ’m ready , like most consultants , to help them pursue those values .
This also is n’t a critique of philosophy or visionary urbanism , values that belong to the summit of Maslow ’s pyramid .
I ’ve been incredibly privileged to spend a decade in great universities thinking about such things , and the ability to have these arguments is a basic source of joy for me , as it is for most of the other urbanists I know .
But when we engage in conversations about what makes a great city , or for that matter a good life , we have to remember that outside the sealed windows of our salon or charrette or network of likeminded blogs , most of our fellow citizens are working on more fundamental needs , and are motivated by those needs as they travel in the city .
They ’re buying food , or earning their rent money , or getting home to their families .
Those people are in a hurry , and they have every right to be .
If we can implement our great visions in ways that work with their lives , they ’ll appreciate it .
But when we hear that transit should be slower because it ’s good for us , or that a transit line will be so sexy that we should n’t care if it ’s reliable , be careful .
If our visions get in the way of their lives , they ’ll eventually rebel .
In some cases , these are battles we have to have .
Sometimes , people are meeting their low - level needs by destroying the planet , and we have every right to point that out even if we ’re better fed than they .
But it ’s also a fight worth avoiding if we can .
I suspect we ’ll get better transit planning — and even better urbanism — if we remember , at every moment , the feeling of just needing to get where we ’re going , and soon .
As a child growing up in Wisconsin , visits to the department store Kohl 's were a yearly rite of passage , providing a pair of back - to - school pants at 50 percent off .
My youthful self — squirming in discomfort every time mom called back into the changing room , " How do those fit in the crotch ? " — could never have predicted that one day , decades in the future , the owner of that store would sit in Congress ... and try to keep Comcast away from Hulu in an effort to defend Internet delivery of shows like Lost .
Wisconsin senator Herb Kohl has moved on up from his days as discount department store magnate , and he now chairs the Senate Subcommittee on Antitrust , Competition Policy , and Consumer Rights .
In that role , he has taken a natural interest in the proposed Comcast / NBC buyout .
Yesterday , Kohl outlined his own preferred conditions on such a deal in a letter to the FCC and the Department of Justice , both of which are reviewing the deal .
What does Kohl want ?
Comcast to stay out of Hulu after any purchase .
When does he want it ?
Within a year .
Out of Hulu for good
Kohl 's concern is that " over - the - top " Internet - delivered video poses a serious challenge to the existing business model of a cable company like Comcast .
If Comcast acquires NBC and takes over NBC 's 32 percent stake in Hulu , the company might be tempted to cripple the service , or weigh it down with enough conditions to make sure people stick with expensive , separate cable subscriptions .
Kohl writes :
Millions of consumers have begun to utilize Internet web sites such as Hulu to view full - length programming that has traditionally been shown on cable and broadcast television .
And , numerous companies are experimenting with new business models for delivering content directly to consumers over high speed internet connections — including television and blue - ray disc manufacturers , Apple TV , Roku , Boxee , and Zillion TV , to give a few examples .
Industry reports have estimated that 800,000 households have even dropped their traditional MVPD [ multichannel TV ] subscriptions , preferring to view video content over the Internet ( often referred to as " cord- cutters " ) .
It is clear that video over the Internet has the real potential to become a strong competitive alternative to traditional MVPD providers and offer consumers new choices to obtain video programming without expensive MVPD subscriptions .
Herb Kohl ( or , most likely , a staffer ) knows about Boxee !
And Roku !
And he 's interested in Internet video !
This is such terrific stuff that we 'll forgive him for the " blue - ray " comment .
" After the acquisition , Comcast will have the incentive to exercise its influence as a part owner of Hulu to ensure it does not become a competitive threat to Comcast 's cable television services , " the letter continues .
" If Comcast exercised such a strategy , it could effectively starve these new , emerging Internet distributors of the content they need to compete .
Comcast has already begun to roll out its ' TV Everywhere ' model of distribution , under which Comcast subscribers can have full access to their cable programming wherever they are .
While this business model unquestionably offers benefits to consumers , it also could potentially harm competition should it become the exclusive manner in which programmers deliver their content over the Internet . "
In Kohl 's view , Comcast should be forced to divest NBC 's stake in Hulu within one year of the acquisition .
In addition , he wants " a requirement that Comcast not seek to prevent or coerce programmers from keeping their content off Internet web sites or Internet distributors as a condition of carriage on Comcast . "
Of course , a cable ISP has all sorts of ways to obtain a similar outcome .
One could simply slap tiny data caps on the " Internet access " side of the business , high enough to do Web surfing but low enough to prevent large - scale video viewing .
( To its credit , Comcast 's published caps have been a relatively generous 250 GB per month . )
One could throttle video sites like Hulu .
( Comcast 's recent win in court against the FCC has effectively abolished the agency 's existing claims to net neutrality oversight . )
Kohl 's requests bring political pressure on the agencies to impose these kinds of conditions , but Kohl has no direct authority over the deal .
Comcast sent over a statement about the letter , one expecting " that any conditions will not unduly burden either Comcast or NBCU ’s businesses . "
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Rubens Barrichello's spectacular accident in the Monaco Grand Prix was caused by a loose manhole cover striking his left rear wheel , his Williams team has revealed .
Barrichello was pitched into the barriers on the run up the hill out of Sainte Devote , badly damaging his Williams FW32 and leaving him facing backwards and stranded in the middle of the track .
The team conducted a detailed investigation of the wreck when the car was returned to the factory this week , and it was also alerted to the possibility that a loose manhole cover may have led to the accident .
Following that work , the team has concluded that the loose cover at Turn 2 lifted up when Barrichello ran over it and it struck his left rear wheel - causing the failure .
A statement issued by the team on Friday night said : " The car was badly damaged in the ensuing crash which ended Rubens ' race .
This incident has been reported to the FIA . "
The Barrichello incident came shortly before a further safety car period caused by a loose drain cover at Turn 3 .
The FIA will likely conduct its own investigation into the matter and could make recommendations to the Monaco Grand Prix organisers to improve the welding down of drain covers for next year 's race .
Parque Trillo used to be a lively pocket of Havana .
A small open space bounded by four streets , it was where Cubans came to gossip , shop , play baseball and dance .
On the surface little has changed .
Pensioners chat on benches , housewives trawl the food market , teenage boys take turns swinging a bat , and the Palacio de la Rumba nightclub throbs after dusk .
Things are gritty – buildings are dilapidated , grass is strewn with rubbish and the park 's blue pillars are discoloured and peeling – but that is hardly new .
Jaime Valdés , however , has noticed one big change .
" It 's a lot quieter these days .
Young people are disappearing .
The ones in their 20s and 30s , they 've left . "
From his bench the retired chemist pointed to San Rafael street .
" Fifteen from there , gone . "
He pointed to San Miguel street .
" There , another nine or 10 , gone . "
From Aramburu street , another eight , and from Hospital street , about a dozen , said Valdés .
" It 's an exodus . "
Neighbourhoods across Havana report the same phenomenon .
Young people , especially well - educated professionals , are fleeing the island .
Tens of thousands have emigrated in the past two years .
The exodus has alarmed the communist government but remains largely unreported , a taboo topic for state media .
" It 's a sign that the revolution has failed , so they do n't want to talk about it .
We are losing our future , " said Ricardo Martinelli , a university professor who has seen many of his students and his only child , a 23 - year - old technician , emigrate in recent months .
Analysts blame growing frustration over President Raúl Castro 's stalled reforms .
After formally succeeding his brother Fidel last year , he promised economic liberalisation , but the average monthly wage remains $ 20 ( £ 14 ) .
" What I notice more and more is the disaffection of youth : more people not seeing a future , " said one European diplomat .
A government - organised free concert on the Malecón seafront attracted a small fraction of the expected audience .
When performers attempted rabble - rousing speeches , the crowd drifted away .
Unlike the mass exodus of the Mariel boatlift in 1980 , when a chaotic scramble across the Florida straits seized world attention , this new wave of emigration has involved an orderly – and discreet – transit through Havana 's José Martí airport .
" At least 80 % of my peers have left , " said José - Miguel Marín , a 38 - year - old scientist .
" I keep track through Facebook .
They are all over : Ecuador , Mexico , the United States , Spain . "
Bureaucratic and financial hurdles remain , but Cuba has loosened restrictions on leaving , opening the door to those who have the will and means to wrangle a visa for another country .
Often that means the best and brightest .
" I saw people weeping when they were turned down for a US visa , " said Carmen Gonce , 65 , after visiting the office that represents US interests in Havana .
Ecuador has become a magnet , because it requires only a letter of invitation rather than a visa .
Last year Cuban arrivals soared by 147 % to 27,114 , according to the national immigration agency .
The number of Cubans marrying Ecuadoreans jumped from 88 in 2007 to 1,542 in the first nine months of 2009 .
Not all stay : some buy clothes and other goods and return home to resell at a hefty mark - up .
Others swiftly hopscotch on to other countries , especially the US .
All the same , Quito's La Florida district has become a " little Miami " , with Cuban bars and restaurants .
Cuba 's population stopped growing in 2006 and is now shrinking at a rate unseen since the cholera epidemic and wars of the 19th century .
A population of 11,237,154 in 2007 is expected to dwindle by 77,000 in the next two decades .
Partly that represents a success for 51 years of communist rule : good education and healthcare help the Cubans to live as long as Americans , and lower fertility rates resemble the demographic curve of many western countries .
Emigration is the other major factor , but in this Cuba is hardly unique .
Poland and Ireland , for instance , haemorrhage young professionals during times of economic distress .
The difference is that Cuba was supposed to be enjoying a new dawn .
On taking office Raúl Castro promised to open up a moribund economy 95 % controlled by the state , raising hopes that a Caribbean North Korea would become a growth tiger like China or Vietnam .
There have been modest steps : greater autonomy for farmers ; the ban on owning computers , mobile phones and DVD players has been lifted ; de facto privatisation of barber shops and beauty salons ; bureaucracy clipped in provincial towns .
But Raúl has ignored deeper reforms , suggesting his more doctrinaire brother remains influential .
" As long as Fidel is alive , Raúl will not cross him , " said Ann Louise Bardach , author of Without Fidel : A Death Foretold in Miami , Havana , and Washington .
" And for Fidel everything is about the fall of the Russians .
He fears that if we open this , we lose everything . "
The result is continued iron political control amid a rusting , ruined economy .
Parque Trillo betrayed some of the symptoms : crumbling apartments , withered vegetables in a food market , staff in a nearby state utility mope at their desks , indifferent to waiting customers .
A group of boys in their late teens playing baseball with a ball made of twine laughed when asked why they were n't studying or working .
" To earn $ 20 a month ?
Would you ? " , said one .
The only motivated workers seemed to be the jineteros and jineteras ( prostitutes ) trying to pick up foreigners at the Palacio de la Rumba .
A successful night can net more than $ 50 .
Medical professionals must wait five years – and forfeit benefits – before being allowed to leave .
That did not deter David Aguirre , a 32 - year - old doctor , from leaving for Europe .
His final email to friends in Havana was euphoric : " Big hugs , one more passenger , one more Cuban for the diaspora !!! "
ANN : Enhancements to timezone processing in Data .
Time
The new timezone - series and timezone - olson packages provide enhancements to timezone processing in Haskell 's time package , Data .
Time .
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/timezone-series
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/timezone-olson
These enhancements are related to the fact that the Data .
Time .
TimeZone data type does not fully represent a timezone - it only represents a specific clock setting for a timezone , as is traditional for time APIs .
But that leads to a number of limitations , such as : o For utcToLocalTime and localTimeToUTC , it is up to the user to ensure that the TimeZone and time specified are consistent with each other .
These functions can give wrong results if the specified clock setting was not actually in effect at the specified moment in the given timezone .
o
It is difficult to compute the amount of time between two moments expessed in terms of the local clock , because you need to know the history of clock changes that happened in between .
o
When a ZonedTime is constructed , it is up to the user to ensure that its components are consistent with each other and make sense .
o Given a ZonedTime , there is no way to construct another ZonedTime for a different moment in the same timezone , unless you know that the same clock setting is in effect at the new moment .
Besides those issues - it 's just nice to have a type that truly models a timezone .
The timezone - series package introduces two new datatypes : TimeZoneSeries , which represents a timezone with all of its clock settings and when each is in effect , and ZoneSeriesTime , which represents a moment within a specific timezone .
This package also includes variants of utcToLocalTime and localTimeToUTC which take a TimeZoneSeries instead of a TimeZone as parameter and always give the correct result .
The timezone - olson package provides a pure Haskell parser and renderer for binary Olson timezone files .
That provides an easy way to create rich TimeZoneSeries objects for most of the timezones of the world on many platforms .
I have tried to write these packages in a way that is consistent as much as possible with Data .
Time - naming conventions , providing expected services such as ParseTime and FormatTime instances , etc .
These packages are distributed on Hackage under a BSD3 license .
Caveats : o
These packages contain preliminary versions of the software and should be considered highly experimental .
Expect there to be bugs , and do not rely on any stability of the exposed interfaces at the moment .
o
So far , there is no easy solution for Windows users to create a TimeZoneSeries .
On Windows , timezone series information is in the registry in a propreitary format , and I do n't have a parser for that at the moment .
In the meantime , Windows users can copy the Olson files from a Unix system , or compile the Olson files themselves from the zoneinfo sources .
I hope to have a much better solution in the near future , and , of course , contributions are welcome .
o
There is not yet a truly platform - independent way of finding the Olson files for Unix - like platforms .
Nowadays /usr / share / zoneinfo is a very popular location for them , but some platforms have them elsewhere .
o getCurrentTimeZone is still the best way to get the " official " clock setting for the current moment on the local computer for the local time zone , or for whatever time zone you fool the OS into thinking that you are in .
There is also Mark Aylett 's zoneinfo package .
Those bindings to the C API give you clock settings that are most likely to be consistent with what is used by other apps on the same local computer .
But the C API gives you a clock setting , not a timezone .
And the system timezone database on the local computer could be out of date .
And the interface , which involves setting global process state and then calling effectful procedures , is awkward to say the least and prone to cause trouble .
So I think it 's nice to have a pure Haskell Olson parser .
I would like to take this opportunity to thank once again Ashley Yakely for his fantastic work in creating Haskell 's advanced time API in Data .
Time .
Enjoy , Yitz
RICHMOND , VA — After making it through her 63rd consecutive longest week ever , project manager Maureen Peltier decided on Friday to once again† treat herself to the kind of pampering everybody needs to indulge in from time to time .
" Why not ?
I deserve it , " Peltier said of the past week 's pedicure , trip to the spa , box of Godiva chocolates , and two glasses of chardonnay drunk during a lunch meeting .
" There 's nothing wrong with spoiling myself now and again . "
On the way home from the spa , Peltier who decided that she had earned the right to go off her diet just this once , pulled into a McDonald's , and ordered the usual .
Advertisement
Fox News , a prominent media outlet owned by copyright evangelist Rupert Murdoch , is blatantly infringing on the rights of an individual photographer .
The irony , or hypocrisy , is that Murdoch himself is going after Google , the BBC and many other companies that he believes are infringing on the rights of his news empire .
Copyright is a double edged sword , and those who sharpen one side often get cut by the other .
Two weeks ago we reported that the gadget blog Gizmodo was going after bloggers who copied their work without permission , while they were ‘ stealing ’ from photographers themselves .
Now , one of the photographers has written in again , pointing us to a photo gallery of the Icelandic volcano eruption last month that was published on Fox News .
Like Gizmodo , Fox News is also exploiting the work of Flickr user Orvatli without permission .
This clearly violates his copyrights and Örvar is not pleased , to say the least .
“ This was a once in a lifetime photo session for me and these big media companies are ruining the value of my images by publishing them .
Each time the image gets published their value decreases , ” Örvar told TorrentFreak .
“ Publishers generally want unique and unpublished images on their media so a rarely or unpublished image has higher value than those everybody has seen , ” he added .
As with Gizmodo , Örvar sent an invoice to Fox News to get paid for his work .
Although Gizmodo eventually paid half of his standard fee after he kept complaining , Fox News is not responding to his inquiries at all .
Fox News is obviously not living up to its “ Fair & Balanced ” tagline .
Now , we probably would n’t have covered this issue if Fox News was n’t owned by Rupert Murdoch .
The multi-media tycoon is a known copyright evangelist who accuses Google and other search engines of copyright infringement for indexing the websites of his newspapers .
Murdoch ’s News Corp. outfit also owns the film studio 20th Century Fox , an MPAA member that has launched several lawsuits against against torrent sites , including The Pirate Bay .
It seems that Murdoch has a double standard when it comes to copyright infringement .
Apparently it ’s not that bad if he ’s the one making money from it .
A streetball legend , Joe Hammond , who is better known by his nickname the Destroyer , said the New York rims were so tricky that he became focused on having his shots avoid them altogether , refusing to count points if the ball touched steel .
“ One thing about playing on the rims in the parks : you learn to adjust , ” Mr. Hammond said .
Image John Fitzgerald , a blacksmith for the New York parks department , with a finished rim .
Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
But even in New York , the forging of rims may be an endangered art .
Some of the city ’s most celebrated courts , like Rucker Park in Harlem and the West Fourth Street Cage in the West Village , have made the switch to prefabricated rims , in part because the players there expect modern equipment .
And when a new park is built or an existing one receives a full rehabilitation , a prefabricated rim is installed .
The prefabricated rims are not only more up to date , but they are also less expensive  typically costing other cities less than $ 60 , compared with about $ 90 for the handmade rims , which includes about $ 65 for labor .
But officials from the city ’s Department of Parks and Recreation say the handmade rims stand up better to the demands of New York players , so they will continue to be produced  at least to replace those that have been stolen or , in rare cases , damaged .
( The rest of the time blacksmiths occupy themselves with an assortment of other tasks , like repairing park fences and building lifeguard chairs . )
“ We have found its more economical to make them because they ’re stronger , they last longer , ” said Jim Cafaro , the deputy chief of technical services for the parks department .
“ So it ’s cost - effective to do this . ”
The design , which parks officials said was of unknown provenance , has been kept in a dusty composition notebook in the center of the cavernous workshop on Randalls Island underneath the Robert F. Kennedy Bridge , where 92 rims were made last year .
The blacksmiths are in the process of vacating the 80 - year - old building , so production of the rims has been temporarily suspended .
The machinery and tools , including the old anvil , will be moved to a new location .
Left behind will be the old hoop that hangs over an oil - stained section of the shop , used for years of lunchtime games .
“ You have to have a nice touch for them because they ’re solid , ” said Eugene Desplantes , a metal worker who starred in those daily battles .
“ They ’re not forgiving . ”
Change Incentives , Not Minds
As I ’ve written elsewhere , in the ancestral environment , conversation was common and technology was almost non-existent .
Therefore the way to change people ’s actions was to talk to them and to convince them .
The tribe was likely governed by consensus , and so the way to change tribal policies was through politicking .
In the huge modern world , however , societies have millions of people who interact in complex and highly structured ways using a variety of technologies .
The benefits of direct persuasion are lower , because each of us can only persuade a small fraction of society .
And the benefits of changing incentives ( often through technology ) are much larger , because incentives reach everyone , and we each operate in a far more complex web of incentives than before .
This is not to say that persuasion is useless .
Ayn Rand and Milton Friedman , for example , have had a major persuading impact .
But they are the exception , not the rule .
With this framework in mind , let me relate one frustrating incident and one inspiring .
First , the frustrating one , which was the recent EconTalk with Don Boudreaux on Public Choice .
Now , you ’d think that a public choice EconTalk would take the position that there are systemic flaws in our current form of government and so we need to find ways to improve our systems to remove the flaws .
Instead , Boudreaux ’s position , as far as I could tell , was “ Well , there are systemic flaws in democracy … so let ’s educate people about them ” .
It ’s a complete non sequitur , which I found very frustrating , because someone who understands public choice ought to be able to see the glaring flaw in this strategy .
It ’s like saying : “ In a democracy , voters are rationally ignorant … so let ’s educate voters about rational ignorance to fix it . ” , or “ In a democracy , concentrated interests with lower transaction costs tend to win in the political marketplace , so let ’s teach people this to fix it . ”
I heard no mention of changing the rules so as to change these incentives .
Incentives are like the laws of physics – they work whether or not you believe about them , and whether or not you know about them .
For example , discussing earmarks and pork - barrel politics :
Don Boudreaux : “ And the only way they ’re going to be prevented , or have any hope for preventing those activities , is if people more widely understand what the true nature of those activities are ” Russ Roberts : “ And one of the ways to reduce , in my opinion , to reduce those kind of opportunities , the people who exploit those opportunities is shame .
Shame is an under - appreciated social force . ”
Can you imagine an economist saying that instead of increasing the price of water in a drought ( change incentives ) , we should educate people about how their water is underpriced and tell them it ’s shameful to waste it ?
That ’s the argument that Russ Roberts is making here – shame people into not doing things they have incentives to do , rather than changing the incentives .
And Boudreaux argues that education is the answer :
Boudreaux : Because the popular mind so celebrates democracy and has what I ’m quite sure is a mistaken notion , a far too romantic view of democracy ’s workability , it ’s incumbent upon us , again , to show that democracy – or government in general – democracy in particular – has certain flaws that most people are unaware of , and being made more aware of those flaws is important for good public policy analysis .
This would make perfect sense if the “ certain flaws ” in democracy were “ democracy produces bad policy because people are n’t well - informed enough about public choice theory ” .
But while public choice theorists are saying the answer is teaching public choice theory to the public , public choice theory does n’t say anything of the kind !
Instead , it shows how high coordination costs and low personal benefit lead to voters failing to protect their own broad interests .
I ’m shocked , frankly , at the size of this blind spot .
Public choice is about incentives , education does not change those incentives , and we are not going to get better government unless we get better incentives .
Later , Boudreaux explains how he likes the Constitution of 1787 because he wants to see government restricted .
To like the Constitution while liking limited government is rather akin to someone who wants to see alcohol disappear liking the 18th Amendment .
Prohibition ’s stated intention was to eliminate alcohol use , but it clearly and dramatically failed at this .
The Constitution ’s stated intention was to restrict government , but it clearly and dramatically failed at this .
We ca n’t simply wish for things to succeed at their stated intentions – if history shows some method did n’t work , then those who support it ’s goals should now be * against * the method – and for trying something else .
Unless they have a damn good reason why things will be different this time – and I have n’t heard anyone put forth a reason why the Constitution will work better in 2010 than 1787 , let alone a good reason .
( I apologize in advance if Boudreaux & Roberts came around to a more reasonable position later in the podcast – I found it so frustrating that I turned it off after 20 min to lower my blood pressure ) .
Now , let me give you an example of a more realistic strategy .
Last weekend , I met Greg Lukianoff , president of FIRE , the campus free speech organization that challenges unconstitutional speech codes , and he told me about a very exciting strategy they are pursuing .
One of the reasons why universities are so anti-free speech is that the politically correct activists and the lawyers ( worried about lawsuits for hate speech or whatever ) are on the same side , telling administrators to crack down on anything potentially offensive .
Right now , the administrators have “ qualified immunity ” against liability for their censorship , as they are acting in good faith , not knowing that these speech codes are unconstitutional .
However , since almost every speech code challenged in court has been struck down , it is not actually reasonable or in good faith for administrators to create or enforce these policies .
At least , if they understand the legal landscape .
Which is why FIRE has sent a detailed explanation of the unconstitutionality of these speech codes by certified mail to 300 schools .
Now the administrators are provably informed , which removes their immunity and renders them personally liable for their unconstitutional actions .
Thus dramatically changing their incentives .
Now that ’s fighting for freedom with the power of economics !
Looking for Used Cardboard Boxes ?
When looking for boxes most people choose the made - to - measure option from a box manufacturer or the brand new box option from a box stockist .
In many instances the boxes are required to ship products from A to B as cheaply as possible so why buy expensive new boxes when there is a cheaper alternative ?
Sadlers are stockists of cardboard boxes with an extensive range in a wide variety of sizes and board grades .
Whether you are looking to buy small quantities or truck loads we have the product range to suit all budgets .
Specialist suppliers of used cardboard boxes , Sadlers can help reduce your packaging costs with quality products at low prices .
Our competitively priced stock of brand new boxes completes the range .
Whatever your requirements we have a box for you !
Sadlers are specialist suppliers of used cardboard boxes , we have a wide range of sizes printed and plain , all available substantially cheaper than brand new boxes .
All are sorted and graded to the highest standard and many are available on a regular basis .
From an Environmental point of view packing your products in used cardboard boxes is the ultimate reuse option , for each used box packed one less new box is packed thus reducing the demand for paper and energy .
Also packing in used cardboard boxes may reduce your liabilities under the Producer Responsibility Obligations ( packaging waste ) Regulations .
Quality New Boxes .
If you require brand new plain boxes look no further , Sadlers have the complete range .
From very small to very large , from light quality to heavy duty we have the box for the job !
To save money consider your requirements carefully , for instance there can be a substantial difference in price between single wall and double wall material , how strong does the box need to be ?
Also when considering your ideal box size look at alternative configurations when packing multiple products in one box .
For example packing four layers of one product in one stack may not be the best fit , consider packing two layers of product with two per layer .
This could mean a better fit which reduces the box cost and the transportation cost .
Pallet Boxes for Larger Goods
If you have bulky items to ship we have a range of pallet boxes to suit a variety of requirements .
For non-export shipping we have low cost pallet boxes which we supply with or without wooden pallets .
They are made from a double wall material and the sizes are built around the footprint of a Standard pallet ( 1200x1000 ) and a Euro pallet ( 1200x800 ) .
In addition we have a range of pallet boxes suitable for export , made from a robust double wall material each type includes a heat treated wooden pallet .
The corrugated base is stapled to the pallet for all export pallet boxes .
Each pallet box is supplied in a knock - down form , the sleeve is folded inside a stapled lid and base set .
They are very easily assembled , simply remove the lid , open up the sleeve locating it inside the base then add the lid .
Removal Boxes
Sadlers are specialist suppliers to the removal trade , from conventional removal boxes such as pack 1s , pack 2s , wardrobe boxes to low cost once used alternatives , Sadlers are a one - stop - shop for removal companies .
Check out our range of palletised removal packs which have been originated to appeal to the larger house move projects .
Combining a range of box sizes , bubble wrap , wrapping papers and adhesive tape they are designed to be a total packaging solution on a pallet , delivered directly to your customers .
A reader writes :
I have to thank you .
For years , I have been in chronic pain from a condition called Ehlers - Danlos Syndrome .
Simply put , my collagen is messed up , so my joints do n't stay in place .
The resulting dislocations and subluxations , as well as arthritis that comes from such joint damage , is incredibly painful .
I have the joints of a 70 year - old woman , and I 'm not even 21 yet .
I 'm on powerful prescription painkillers , and yet my Tylenol intake ( as a supplement to my prescriptions ) was through the roof .
As my joints deteriorated , particularly in recent months , I was frequently lying down , out of commission , sometimes for days on end .
As a full - time student studying music at one of the top conservatories in the nation , I could n't afford that .
I had thought about medical marijuana before for pain relief , but had been brought up to stay on the so - called straight - and - narrow .
Your consistent advocacy for marijuana , and your willingness to post articles from the Cannabis Closet like this one , convinced me to finally try it .
So about two weeks ago , I got a prescription - - ai n't it great to live in California ? -- and got some quality weed .
Andrew , I am a different person .
This does n’t seem like the best idea :
Authorities in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh are planning to set up an outsourcing unit in a jail .
The unit will employ 200 educated convicts who will handle back office operations like data entry , and process and transmit information .
THE REVOLUTIONARY ECO-FRIENDLY
WAY TO ELIMINATE PERSONAL BATHROOM ODOR !
New Advanced Formula with Natural Essential Oils
FAMILY SIZE BOTTLES .
Since you may be spending more time at home .
Pre-Order Today !
Delivery 1st week in Oct .
Made in the USA
from the company that brought you Just 'a Drop
Advice to aspiring filmmakers :
If you ca n’t be good , be delusional
I ’m not sure how I wound up there , but this morning I found myself reading Jonah Weiner ‘s thoughts about James Nguyen ’s “ Birdemic : Shock and Terror , ” the latest “ so bad it ’s good ” production to find some success as a midnight movie and to get more than its share of coverage for so doing .
Then I watched the ABC News video which I will present without further comment , except to apologize for the small size of the image .
( ABC ’s player wo n’t permit altering the size , for whatever reason . )
You might also want to check out this amusing BBC item about it as well .
Okay , so now it ’s time to talk about something I ’ve learned about the movie world and frequently expressed verbally , but never online .
In my travels around the very lower rungs of the film world , I ’ve noted that there are exactly two ways to have a career as a filmmaker .
Be extremely well focused , productive and hardworking — being hard working to the point of actual madness wo n’t hurt , if you and your loved ones survive it — be very smart , passionate , creative , thoughtful , and lucky and you might have a decent - to - great - career .
The other path still involves hard work , or perhaps simply a truly bad case of ADHD and / or mania , and no particular amounts of intelligence or creativity is called for , though passion and luck are still required .
But here ’s the secret to the second path — no matter how badly something turns out , you must never entertain the thought it might actually be bad .
When you ask your best friends what they thought of your script , if they start to look down and change the subject , you must assume that they are doing that because the script is so good they are beyond words .
If you ’re of a nastier disposition , assume they ’re jealous .
If you ’re somewhere in between , assure yourself that they ’re simply unable to comprehend what you ’re going for .
Ca n’t blame them if for not being as brilliant as you are .
The next step is to use your honest passion to persuade clueless and / or desperate crew and actors to be in your film for little or no payment and , if you ca n’t afford to self - finance , get star struck dentists or CPAs to “ invest . ”
When the film is completed , ignore the three awful reviews you were able to garner and dwell on the fact that your film was an official selection of the Rancho Cucamonga Film Festival .
Do not notice — much less learn from — your mistakes .
That would involve not being delusional , and you need your delusion the way a shark needs teeth .
At this point , you will perhaps be able to find bottom feeding producers who will note that you ’ve been able to complete a film — a real achievement in itself .
They may then choose to pay for another film for reasons of their own .
If not , there are always more dentists and CPAs .
The beauty of video technology is that you need fewer of them than you once did , though you ’ll also have more delusional competition than before , too .
And then , my son or daughter , you may just have a career .
Not a brilliant career , but a career .
I have seen this happen with my own two eyes .
How do you think Ed Wood kept on working throughout his life , writing novels and screenplays and directing movies despite the fact that he had absolutely no talent for any of it ?
But what do you do if your film has the kind of luck that “ Birdemic ” is enjoying and becomes a midnight cult hit ?
What if theaters nationwide are full of inebriated youth laughing derisively — an indignity that never quite happened to Ed Wood , though I ’m sure he could have used the cash ?
Do you bow your head in shame all the way to the bank and make off for an island paradise , never to be heard from again ?
No , because if you had any shame , you would n’t have made that terrible but funny movie in the first place .
You might have , in fact , made something boring , and that ’s the worst fate of all for a movie .
Much better to have created something truly memorable .
Nguyen appears to have trademarked the phrase “ Romantic Thriller ” and declared himself the “ master ” of it .
That takes some balls™ .
In this Envisat Advanced Synthetic Aperture Radar ( ASAR ) image , acquired on 18 May 2010 , advanced processing methods have been performed to display ocean surface roughness variations and Doppler - derived ocean surface radial velocities around the oil spill area in the Gulf of Mexico .
A long tendril of the oil spill ( outlined in white ) is visible extending down into the Loop Current ( red arrow ) .
Credits : CLS
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Scientists monitoring the US oil spill with ESA 's Envisat radar satellite say that it has entered the Loop Current , a powerful conveyor belt that flows clockwise around the Gulf of Mexico towards Florida .
" With these images from space , we have visible proof that at least oil from the surface of the water has reached the current , " said Dr Bertrand Chapron of Ifremer , the French Research Institute for Exploitation of the Sea .
Dr Chapron and Dr Fabrice Collard of France 's CLS have been combining surface roughness and current flow information with Envisat Advanced Synthetic Aperture Radar ( ASAR ) data of the area to monitor the proximity of the oil to the current .
In the ASAR image above , acquired on 18 May , a long tendril of the oil spill ( outlined in white ) extends down into the Loop Current ( red arrow ) .
" We performed advanced processing on the images to display surface features like variations in roughness and velocity , which provides insight into the structure of the spill and its transport by surface currents , " Dr Collard explained .
From the ASAR images of 12 May and 15 May , the oil spill was observed stretching increasingly closer to the Loop Current , raising concerns that it could reach the current and be carried south towards coral reefs in the Florida Keys .
" Now that oil has entered the Loop Current , it is likely to reach Florida within six days , " Dr Chapron said .
" Since Envisat , ERS - 2 and other SAR satellites images are systematically planned over the area , we will monitor the situation continuously . "
The scientists warn however that since the Loop Current is a very intense , deep ocean current , its turbulent waters will accelerate the mixing of the oil and water in the coming days .
" This might remove the oil film on the surface and prevent us from tracking it with satellites , but the pollution is likely to affect the coral reef marine ecosystem , " Dr Collard said .
Combined efforts using satellite imagery and in - situ measurements of collected water samples will help to assess whether oil is in the deep waters of the ocean .
The Loop Current joins the Gulf Stream — the northern hemisphere 's most important ocean - current system — sparking fears that oil could enter this system and be carried up to the US East Coast .
Explore further Envisat monitors oil spill proximity to Loop Current
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
I saw this over at Gawker , and thought that Rand Paul might come off better if I saw the whole video .
I think the whole video made it worse .
What 's most troubling about this interview is not that Paul opposes a portion of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 , it 's that it 's clear Paul has n't thought much about his position .
Lacking a rigorous intellectual framework for his opposition , Paul is wobbly on defense .
So what you see , in the main , is Paul trying to change the subject -- at one point , I think he actually asks ( rhetorically ) , " Am I a bad person ? "
But Paul never settles down and to make the argument .
Rachel Maddow repeatedly raises lunch counters , and it would have really pleased me if Paul had just made the case for private sector discrimination .
Frankly , I can see the outlines of the argument and am not totally unsympathetic to it .
Indeed , I think there 's a beautiful justice that 's visited upon the random politician who , to this very day , is routinely exposed as belonging to a white country club .
There 's a kind of social sanction in that embarrassment that I do n't think the law can bring .
( That said , I trust the people who were actually there more than my own abstract theorizing . )
But what about red-lining ?
Does Paul know anything about blockbusting ?
Does he think banks should be able to have a policy of not lending to black businesses ?
Does he think real - estate agents should be able to discriminate ?
Does he think private homeowner groups should be able to band together and keep out blacks ?
Jews ?
Gays ?
Latinos ?
I think there 's this sense that it 's OK to be ignorant about the Civil Rights
Act because it 's a " black issue . "
I 'm not a lawyer , but my sense is that for a senator to be ignorant of the Civil Rights Act , is not simply to be ignorant of a " black issue , " but to be ignorant of one of the most important pieces of legislation ever passed .
This is n't like not knowing the days of Kwanzaa , this is like not knowing what caused the Civil War .
It 's just embarrassing -- except Paul is too ignorant to be embarrassed .
I 'm sure Paul 's defenders will dismiss this interview as a lefty hit -job .
But Maddow gave him every opportunity to correct the record , or defend it , and Paul answered with a series of feints and dodges .
Not once did he stand up and throw a real punch .
You 're left wondering how he came to his position and what , precisely , is really at work here .
I chose ignorance because it gives him as much credit as intelligently possible .
Anything more , in 2010 , in the United States Senate , is disgraceful .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
The brightly lit metropolitan areas of Torino ( Italy ) , Lyon , and Marseille ( both in France ) stand out amidst numerous smaller urban areas in this dramatic astronaut photograph .
The image captures the nighttime appearance of the France - Italy border .
The southwestern end of the Alps Mountains separates the two countries .
The island of Corsica is visible in the Ligurian Sea to the south ( image top ) .
The full moon reflects brightly on the water surface and also illuminates the tops of low patchy clouds over the border ( image center ) .
This image was taken by an International Space Station ( ISS ) astronaut at approximately 11:55 p.m. local time , when the ISS was located over the France - Belgium border near Luxembourg .
Astronauts orbiting the Earth frequently collect images that include sunglint , or the mirror - like reflection of sunlight off a water surface .
Sunglint typically lends a bright , or washed out appearance to the water surface .
In clear - sky conditions , reflected light from the Moon can produce the same effect ( moonglint ) , as illustrated in this astronaut photograph .
The astronaut observer was looking towards the southeast at an oblique viewing angle at the time the image was taken ; in other words , looking outwards from the ISS , not straight down towards the Earth .
Astronaut photograph ISS023 - E-29061 was acquired on April 28 , 2010 , with a Nikon D3 digital camera , and is provided by the ISS Crew Earth Observations experiment and Image Science & Analysis Laboratory , Johnson Space Center .
The image was taken by the Expedition 23 crew .
The image in this article has been cropped and enhanced to improve contrast .
Lens artifacts have been removed .
The International Space Station Program supports the laboratory as part of the ISS National Lab to help astronauts take pictures of Earth that will be of the greatest value to scientists and the public , and to make those images freely available on the Internet .
Additional images taken by astronauts and cosmonauts can be viewed at the NASA / JSC Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth .
Caption by William L. Stefanov , NASA - JSC .
David Cameron has made his first speech as Prime Minister , standing outside 10 Downing Street .
He paid tribute to Gordon Brown for his " long record of dedicated public service " , and said 13 years of Labour government had made Britain " more open at home and more compassionate abroad " .
He said he believed Britain 's " best days still lie ahead " and the new government 's job would be " to lead people through ... difficult decisions " in order to reach them .
The European Court of Human Rights has rejected a claim that the UK's Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) violates the human right to a private life .
The UK 's rules and safeguards on covert surveillance are proportionate , said the court .
The European Court of Human Rights has rejected a claim that the UK's Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) violates the human right to a private life .
The UK 's rules and safeguards on covert surveillance are proportionate , said the court .
The case concerned Malcolm Kennedy , a London businessman who was arrested for drunkenness in December 1990 .
He spent that night in jail and in the morning , another man in his cell was found dead .
Kennedy was convicted of that man 's murder but the verdict was overturned on appeal .
A retrial collapsed when a key prosecution witness failed to appear .
A second retrial resulted in Kennedy being convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to nine years in prison .
Kennedy 's conviction was highly controversial in the UK , due to missing and conflicting police evidence .
It became the subject of a TV documentary .
Kennedy has always maintained that police officers were responsible for the death and that he had been framed for a crime he did not commit .
After being released from prison in 1996 , Kennedy became an active campaigner against miscarriages of justice .
He subsequently started a removals business , but that business suffered .
Kennedy said that was because his mail , telephone and email communications were being intercepted .
He claimed that calls to his phone were not being put through to him and that he was receiving a number of time - wasting hoax calls .
He said that the interception was directly linked to his high - profile case and his campaigning activities .
He alleged that the police and security services were continually and unlawfully renewing an interception warrant , originally authorised for the criminal proceedings against him , in order to intimidate him and to undermine his business .
Kennedy made subject access requests to intelligence agencies MI5 and GCHQ under the Data Protection Act , asking whether information about him was being processed by them .
These requests were refused because the information requested was exempt from the disclosure requirements of the Act on the grounds of national security .
He then lodged complaints with the Investigatory Powers Tribunal ( IPT ) , a body set up to investigate complaints about the use of powers contained in RIPA .
Kennedy said his communications were being intercepted in “ challengeable circumstances ” amounting to a violation of his private life .
The IPT rejected Kennedy 's complaints .
This meant either that there had been no interception or that any interception which took place was lawful .
Kennedy took his case to the ECHR in Strasbourg in 2005 .
Yesterday , seven judges of the court unanimously rejected his claims .
The claims :
Kennedy 's main claim was that the UK had violated Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
Article 8 ( 1 ) says that " Everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life , his home and his correspondence . "
Article 8 ( 2 ) allows authorities to interfere with the basic right " in the interests of national security , public safety or the economic well - being of the country , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others . "
Kennedy said that the regime established by RIPA for authorizing the interception of communications did not comply with the requirements of Article 8 ( 2 ) of the Convention .
He also claimed that , under Article 6 , the hearing before the IPT had not been fair and , under Article 13 , that as a result he had been denied an effective remedy .
The ruling :
The case did not establish whether or not Kennedy 's communications had been intercepted or not .
The Government explained that is has a policy of " neither confirm nor deny " which it said was important to ensure the overall effectiveness of surveillance operations .
" If possible targets were able to gain insight into sensitive interception techniques and capabilities , then they would be able to take steps to undermine the usefulness of any intelligence gathered against them , " it argued , according to the ruling .
However , the Government also said that Kennedy 's Article 8 claim should be dismissed because " he had not established a reasonable likelihood … that his communications had been intercepted . "
The ECHR disagreed .
It said that an individual might , under certain conditions to be determined in each case , claim to be the victim of a violation as a result of the mere existence of secret measures , even if they were not applied to him .
The Court said it could not be excluded that secret surveillance measures were applied to Kennedy or that he was , at the material time , potentially at risk of being subjected to such measures .
So Kennedy could complain of an interference with his Article 8 rights – albeit the Court went on to reject his complaint .
Facebook ’s Zuckerberg : " Having two identities for yourself is an example of a lack of integrity "
Facebook ’s Mark Zuckerberg has a history of speaking his mind on privacy , and what he speaks is often fraught with problems , ignorance , and arrogance .
For example :
He ’s spoken wistfully about the desire to get people over the “ hurdle ” of wanting to preserve some semblance of privacy online .
He ’s proclaimed that social norms on privacy have changed , and that Facebook is merely reacting to these shifting norms .
His remarks also often reveal his failure to recognize the complexity of the issues of privacy — and trust — between users and Facebook .
But , today , I found a new statement that brings Zuckerberg ’s hubris to a new level .
SocialBeat has a very thoughtful piece urging Zuckerberg to be forthright and explain what he truly and genuinely believes about privacy .
While searching for evidence of Zuckerberg ’s broader philosophy of information , a passage from David Kirkpatrick ’s forthcoming book , The Facebook Effect , is quoted :
“ You have one identity , ” he emphasized three times in a single interview with David Kirkpatrick in his book , “ The Facebook Effect . ”
“ The days of you having a different image for your work friends or co-workers and for the other people you know are probably coming to an end pretty quickly . ”
He adds : “ Having two identities for yourself is an example of a lack of integrity . ”
Let ’s repeat that last part :
“ Having two identities for yourself is an example of a lack of integrity . ”
Wow .
And I thought Elliot Schrage ’s statement that “ Everything is opt - in on Facebook ” was going to be the craziest thing I read this week .
According to Zuckerberg , the person responsible for the world ’s most popular website for sharing information about oneself , wanting to manage your flows of information in such a way that might present a different version of your “ complete ” self to your friends , family , co-workers , and more distant friends shows a lack of integrity .
Really .
Zuckerberg must have skipped that class where Jung and Goffman were discussed .
Individuals are constantly managing and restricting flows of information based on the context they are in , switching between identities and persona .
I present myself differently when I ’m lecturing in the classroom compared to when I ’m have a beer with friends .
I might present a slightly different identity when I ’m at a church meeting compared to when I ’m at a football game .
This is how we navigate the multiple and increasingly complex spheres of our lives .
It is not that you pretend to be someone that you are not ; rather , you turn the volume up on some aspects of your identity , and tone down others , all based on the particular context you find yourself .
Some social networks recognize this .
Moli , for example , built its entire business model on the idea that users should be able to manage their identity based on the audience .
( See my comments on Moli here and here . )
Even Facebook allows this common and normal practice through the use of Limited Profiles ( which used to have greater functionality and use value ) .
But , it seems Zuckerberg does not want people to be able to manage who gets to see what about them .
He subscribes to the repeated corporate philosophy that if you do n’t want something viewable by everyone , then just do n’t share it .
All or nothing .
One identity is all you have , all you deserve .
( And all that you ’re contractually bound to , given line 4.2 in the new terms of service , which I commented on here . )
Mark : I can deal with the fact that we have completely different philosophies of information , privacy , and now , identity .
But once you start questioning people ’s integrity for simply wanting to manage their identities online , that ’s crossing a line .
You ’re better than this .
At least I hope you are .
UPDATE : Please be sure to read Henry Farrell ‘s thoughtful comments ( and the subsequent discussion ) on this matter over at Crooked Timber , including his mention of Richard Sennett ’s The Fall of Public Man , which is “ all about the collapse of people ’s ability to create public personae for themselves that differ radically from their private selves . ”
UPDATE 2 : And please read danah boyd ’s post : Facebook and “ radical transparency ” ( a rant ) .
UPDATE 3 : Kieran Healy has a nice reflection here , which includes this engaging passage :
There are many different definitions of identity , not all of which make sense .
I prefer the view that an identity is a set of assertions about yourself that you may lay claim to .
So in a sense everyone only has one identity and has only ever had one ‘ identity ’ .
But in practice we expose different sets of claims depending on the circumstances .
Nobody puts their membership in Alcoholics Anonymous on their CV .
A quick note ( Sept 19 , 2014 ) :
Wow .
In the last 24 hours , this 4 - year - old post has suddenly had over 60,000 page views and over 10,000 shares on Facebook .
Unfortunately , this new attention to Zuckerberg ’s 2010 statement on identity & integrity is a result of continued frustration over Facebook ’s policy prohibiting the creation of profiles with anything other than one ’s legal name , punctuated by a recent crackdown by Facebook on people using stage names , adopted nicknames , or drag names as their primary profile names .
I ’m glad we ’re drawing attention to this extremely problematic and unfair policy , but I am saddened that we still must endure these kinds of technological injustices in 2014 .
For those interested in further scrutinizing the rhetoric of Mark Zuckerberg , you ’ll be interested in my project The Zuckerberg Files , a digital archive of all public utterances of Facebook ’s founder and CEO , Mark Zuckerberg .
[ image by Carlo Nicora ]
ROCHESTER —
A battery pack exploded and caused multiple items to catch fire inside a Salmon Falls Estates home on Saturday , forcing the residents to find other shelter and the rescue of a cat .
Fire Capt .
Willy Hoyt said firefighters were called to 11 Lilac City Estates , near Highland Street , at 3:31 p.m. for a report of a smoke detector going off and smoke inside the building .
The residents had left about 45 minutes earlier to run a few errands and neighbors called in the fire , he said .
A woman lives there with her boyfriend and a young child , said Fire Marshal Mark Dupuis .
Firefighters found heavy smoke and heat in the first - floor dining area of the two - story unit , which is part of a multiunit building .
Hoyt said the fire was contained to the single unit .
Hoyt said firefighters " knocked it down pretty quick , " but noted the fire still caused extensive heat and smoke damage to the first floor and smoke damage on the second floor .
" It was n't huge — but it definitely made an impact in the unit , " he said .
Dupuis said the fire was contained to a 3 - by - 2 - foot area .
He said a rechargeable battery pack from a remote - controlled vehicle exploded and scattered flaming pieces across the room , catching multiple items on fire .
He said one piece landed below a dining room chair and caused it to catch fire , which in turn spread to a curtain .
Firefighters were able to put it out with a extinguisher , he said .
Authorities were examining the battery pack as part of the investigation .
Dupuis said he could not tell what company manufactured it based on evidence found at the scene .
He said the remote - controlled car was an expensive model that the female occupant had purchased for her boyfriend .
Dupuis said rechargeable battery packs , particularly those for laptop batteries , have been known to explode .
He said a " runaway reaction " takes place inside , causing a chemical reaction and meltdown that overheats the battery and causes a minor explosion .
Hoyt said it was fortunate that neighbors quickly noticed the smoke and heard the detector going off because the alarm eventually stopped ringing when the heat from the flames melted it .
After arriving firefighters checked to see if any part of the residence was occupied .
They found a cat that was in bad condition , Hoyt said .
" We got him outside ( and ) all things considered , he was doing pretty good , " he said .
The residents had to leave due to the extent of damage from the fire , Dupuis said , and they indicated they had a place to stay .
He said their home will be uninhabitable for some time because of the soot damage .
" All their belongings are going to have to be either cleaned or washed , " he said , adding cleaners will have to take care of the damage to the building as well .
The residents did not have renter 's insurance , Dupuis said .
Hoyt said the Red Cross was also called to assist the family
The Steam for Mac client has been in the hands of gamers for a week now and Valve is collecting some useful data about Mac users .
Among the statistics the company has gathered so far : two - thirds of Steam for Mac users run on laptops , and after one week , 11 percent of all Steam purchases are for Mac .
One surprising result , however , is that the same version of Portal is five times more stable on Mac OS X than on Windows .
Mac OS
X has never been the preferred platform for gamers , despite its support for the OpenGL 3D graphics framework .
Part of the issue is that graphics hardware drivers for Mac OS X just are n't as well optimized as they are on Windows .
In an OpenGL benchmark comparison between Mac OS X 10.6.3 and Windows 7 x64 by Phoronix running on identical Apple hardware — in this case , a 9400 M - equipped Mac mini — Windows 7 trounced Mac OS X in terms of raw speed .
Performance - wise , Valve believes there is plenty of room for improvement when it comes to better leveraging the underlying Mac hardware .
" We 'll catch up , " said Valve developer Jason Mitchell on a recent episode of The Conversation .
" Apple is certainly motivated to work with us — we 're working with them ; we 're working directly with the hardware vendors .
We know it 's the same hardware , but you boot up a different OS , there 's different performance characteristics . "
Valve founder Gabe Newell said the Mac platform and its support for OpenGL represents a great opportunity for the company .
" We 're definitely not as mature on the Mac as we are with our work on the PC , " he said .
" We 've been shipping games for years on Windows ; we 've been shipping them for a week on the Mac , " said Mitchell .
Beyond raw performance , however , Mitchell noted that the Mac has other advantages .
For instance , with just a model and OS version , programmers can more easily recreate bugs and profile hardware performance on the Mac .
Windows users benefit from faster driver updates while Mac users might have to wait for Apple to roll out a point release , but the proliferation of possible hardware - software configurations makes it much more difficult to pin down problems .
Also , said Newell , " what 's sort of surprising is how much more stable our games are on the Mac . "
Looking at the early data available from the Steam client , " the Mac is five times more stable than Windows " when using the metric of minutes played versus number of crashes .
Newell remarked during the podcast that graphics performance is much less of a concern overall compared to finding ways to offer a better user experience , such as the greater stability on the Mac .
" I think we 're starting to enter a period where graphics performance is sort of a solved problem , " Newell said .
" We 're moving away from loss - leading graphics approaches [ of consoles ] toward more of a service platform .
It 's less about pixels per second and more about micro-transactions and identity . "
Pyongyang is seizing five South Korean properties at a joint tourism zone in North Korea .
Tensions over the zone have been building for nearly two years .
The North may confiscate more properties .
North Korea referred to the sinking of a South Korean navy ship as it blamed the South Friday for its decision .
In addition to seizing five properties at the Mt. Kumgang resort , Pyongyang said it will freeze all remaining South Korean properties there and will expel the South 's management personnel .
The North says it will either take possession of the properties , or hand them over to new management from another country .
The South Korean navy corvette " Cheonan " was sunk last month near a disputed North - South maritime border .
While it is still under investigation , many officials in the South have speculated a North Korean torpedo or mine may be responsible .
However , the South has not directly accused the North .
Despite that , on Friday Pyongyang accused Seoul of " deliberately linking the sinking of its warship " to North Korea .
" Unacceptable " and " unfair " are just two of the adjectives South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Chun Hae-sung used to describe the North 's actions .
He says such " irresponsible , irrational conduct " completely blocks all of South Korea 's efforts to guarantee safety at Kumgang .
The illegitimate action , he says , fundamentally damages the North - South relationship and will be dealt with sternly .
South Korea built and funded the tourism zone to encourage North - South cooperation after a historic 2000 summit brought the two sides closer .
However , Seoul suspended tours after a North Korean soldier shot a visiting South Korean woman in the back in July of 2008 .
She apparently had strayed outside the usual tourist areas .
The South refused to resume tours until the North fully apologized for the incident , cooperated in a joint investigation , and put guarantees in place to ensure such a killing never happened again .
North Korea says it has done enough to address Seoul 's concerns .
Tension over the area rose in recent months as North Korea reeled from what economists describe as a " fiasco " resulting from an attempt at currency reform .
Pyongyang became adamant that South Korea resume the tours , which raised millions of dollars a year for the North .
Scott Snyder , director of the Center for U.S. - Korea Policy , warned recently that Pyongyang 's stance on Kumgang could make things worse for its cash - strapped economy .
" North Korean threats to pull out of its contract with Hyundai Asan and Mt. Kumgang … would send the wrong message about attracting foreign investment from the outside world , " said Scott Snyder .
In addition to a spa and a performance center , one of the properties North Korea seized Friday was a Red Cross reunion center for families divided by the 1950s Korean War .
That makes prospects all the more bleak that separated relatives -- many of whom are more than 70 - years - old -- will ever see each other again .
One of the men facing Britain 's first criminal trial without a jury gave evidence against the police during a notorious corruption inquiry in the 1980s .
In a historic judgment yesterday the court of appeal allowed John Twomey 's forthcoming trial for a £ 1.75 m armed raid at a warehouse at Heathrow to be heard by a single judge because of " very significant " danger of jury tampering .
The trial will be the first crown court case in England and Wales to be heard by a judge alone since new legislation came into force in 2003 .
Twomey , who with three others is charged with possession of a firearm , robbery and conspiracy to rob , believes he is the victim of a " real stitch - up " and his lawyers believe the decision has been made on the basis of " police whispers " in the ear of the court .
" The ruling has been made on the basis of secret material which we have never seen , presented by witnesses whose identity – other than their rank in the Metropolitan police – has not been disclosed to us , " his solicitors said .
Twomey faced three earlier trials .
At the first , in 2005 , he suffered a heart attack and was severed from the indictment .
His six co-defendants were acquitted .
The jury failed to reach a verdict in the second .
The third was halted by the judge when the prosecution alleged the jury had been tampered with .
The estimated cost of the trials to date exceeds £ 25 m .
Seeking a fourth trial without a jury , senior police officers presented evidence in secret under public interest immunity to a judge at the Old Bailey .
In his ruling yesterday the lord chief justice , Lord Judge , overruled a decision to hold the trial with a jury put under protective measures that would have cost about £ 6 m and involved 82 police officers , something he said was an " unreasonable " drain on the public purse and police time .
" In this country trial by jury is a hallowed principle of the administration of criminal justice , " Lord Judge said .
" It is properly identified as a right , available to be exercised by a defendant unless and until the right is amended or circumscribed by express legislation . "
But he said " the danger of jury tampering and the subversion of the process of trial by jury is very significant " in this case .
Twomey and his co-defendants , Peter Blake , Barry Hibberd and Glen Cameron , are accused of carrying out a spectacular heist at the Menzies World Cargo warehouse at Heathrow in 2004 .
The police had been watching an employee of the warehouse and suspected a robbery was going to take place .
Only one man has ever been jailed for the robbery , a supergrass who pleaded guilty after giving police information .
During the armed raid six masked men rounded up members of staff at gunpoint and shots were fired at a supervisor .
The robbers were caught on CCTV .
Twomey , 61 , and his three co-defendants deny the charges .
Twomey believes the Met holds a grudge against him because he gave evidence against four London policemen in 1982 in a prosecution mounted under Operation Countryman , the most wide - ranging inquiry into corruption in the history of the Met .
Two hundred officers spent six years investigating and more than 400 police officers lost their jobs .
The internal investigation recommended that more than 300 officers should face criminal charges but only a handful came to court .
Twomey gave evidence at one of the trials in which four officers were cleared of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice by planting evidence on him .
No evidence of jury tampering has ever been presented in open court .
When the third trial against Twomey collapsed last December , the judge told the jurors : " Events sometimes occur which create the risk of real injustice or unfairness to one side or the other and sometimes those events are so serious that the trial cannot continue . "
The appeal court yesterday rejected alternatives to a non-jury trial .
The judges also refused the defendants the right to appeal to the House of Lords .
James Saunders , Twomey 's lawyer , said yesterday : " [ Twomey ] feels that some police officers have borne a grudge against him for many years and that it is no coincidence that he is now the first defendant to face trial by judge alone , based on undisclosed evidence presented by the Metropolitan police to judges behind closed doors . "
NASA declares Atlantis ' readiness to go fly next week
BY WILLIAM HARWOOD
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS " SPACE PLACE " & USED WITH PERMISSION
Posted : May 5 , 2010
NASA managers Wednesday cleared the shuttle Atlantis for launch May 14 on its 32nd and final planned flight , a three - spacewalk mission to the International Space Station .
The primary goals of the flight are to replace aging solar array batteries , install a backup Ku-band antenna and attach a new Russian module loaded with supplies and equipment .
Credit : Justin Ray / Spaceflight Now
" We had a very thorough review today , we went through all the things that have happened on the vehicle , both the shuttle and also the station , " said Bill Gerstenmaier , NASA 's chief of space operations .
" We 're ready to go fly . "
Launch is targeted for 2:20 p.m. EDT on May 14 , roughly the moment when Earth 's rotation carries launch complex 39A into the plane of the space station 's orbit .
NASA 's processing team at the Kennedy Space Center has one day of contingency time left in the current schedule and can make four launch attempts through May 18 .
If Atlantis is n't off the ground by then , the flight likely will slip to late June because of conflicts with other launches and periodic temperature issues related to the space station 's orbit .
" It was a very smooth flight readiness review , " said shuttle Program Manager John Shannon .
" I am amazed at this team because ( the shuttle ) Discovery did just land 15 days ago .
We 're the beneficiaries of its very trouble - free mission .
Atlantis has had a very trouble - free processing flow . "
But Shannon said NASA managers attending an executive - level flight readiness review did go over two issues related to Discovery 's flight .
Discovery 's Ku-band antenna system failed shortly after launch , limiting data relay , radar operations and live video from the orbiter .
After landing , the problem was traced to a specific transistor and while the same components are in place in Atlantis ' Ku-band system , the odds of a similar failure two flights in a row are considered remote .
Engineers also reviewed work to better secure ceramic inserts , or plugs , that are threaded into place over bolts used to hold specific heat shield panels , window frames and other components in place .
An insert worked its way loose during Discovery 's re-entry , posing a potential impact threat .
Shannon said the inserts around Atlantis ' windows and forward rocket pod were tested and re-installed using a thicker braided cord intended to increase friction and make it more difficult for a plug to back out .
" The tone of the meeting was extremely positive , " Shannon said of the flight readiness review .
" Nobody mentioned , and it was n't purposefully avoiding it , but nobody mentioned this was Atlantis ' last planned flight .
Folks are so focused and doing their jobs and performing with such pride all the way to the end , it 's just normal business .
" You might ask , well did you really have to go and replace all the braided cord on all these plugs which have performed pretty well in the past ?
And the answer is , we think we 'll make it better and because it'll make it better , we 're going to go do it .
That 's the kind of attitude this team has .
Their such an asset to human spaceflight and I could not be more proud of them .
" So we 're ready to go next Friday , " he said .
" It 's 15 days since we last landed , nine days until we launch .
This is the kind of pace this team thrives on . "
Launch Director Mike Leinbach said the shuttle 's processing was following a standard flow , with no major changes because it 's Atlantis ' final planned flight .
" I was just looking at the previous missions of Atlantis and reminiscing a little bit , " he said after the FRR .
" Yeah , she 's been around a long time and a lot of us have known that ship for 25 years .
So it 'll be bittersweet to be sure .
She 's flown 31 times already , 115 million miles ... about a third of her design life .
" But our mission is coming to an end , so we 're coming to grips with that .
The team is very professional .
We know it 's the last one , probably , but that does n't affect the way we process or launch this thing .
We 're going to do it safely and surely and we hope we do it next Friday . "
Assuming an on - time launch , commander Ken Ham will guide Atlantis to a docking with the space station 's forward port around 10:27 a.m. on Sunday , May 16 .
The next day , the crew will stage the first of three spacewalks to install a spare Ku- and antenna dish , six replacement batteries for the station 's oldest set of solar arrays and an equipment mounting plate for a Canadian robot arm extension .
The Atlantis astronauts also plan to install a Russian module on the Earth - facing port of the Zarya module .
The 17,400 - pound mini-research module , or MRM - 1 , will be launched loaded with more than 3,000 pounds of NASA supplies and equipment .
MRM - 1 will provide better clearance between visiting Progress and Soyuz spacecraft and a NASA storage module that will be attached to the station just in front of Zarya later this year .
MRM - 1 will be attached to the station on May 18 , the day after the crew 's first spacewalk .
The next day , a second spacewalk will be staged to begin the battery replacement work .
A final spacewalk is planned for May 21 to complete the battery swap outs .
If all goes well , Atlantis will undock from the station around 11:20 a.m. on May 23 and land back at the Kennedy Space Center around 8:44 a.m. on Wednesday , May 26 .
" This is a very exciting mission , " Shannon said .
" Twelve days , three EVAs , tons of robotics , we 're putting on spares that will make us feel good about the long - term sustainability of ISS , we 're replacing batteries that have been up there for a while , docking a Russian - built ISS module .
This flight has a little bit of everything . "
NASA managers originally planned to launch the shuttle Endeavour July 29 on a mission to deliver a $ 1.5 billion physics experiment to the station and to close out the shuttle program with a final flight by the shuttle Discovery on Sept. 16 .
But the powerful magnet at the heart of the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer slated for launch aboard Endeavour is being replaced and NASA does not expect to launch Endeavour before late November at the earliest .
If the shuttle misses a short launch window , the flight could slip to late February .
Whenever Endeavour takes off , Atlantis will be on standby for a rescue mission in case of any major problem that might prevent Endeavour 's crew from safely returning to Earth .
Because an external tank and boosters will be available for the so - called " launch - on - need " mission , NASA managers have held open the possibility of launching Atlantis and a reduced crew of four on a final mission to the station next summer to deliver additional supplies and equipment .
A four - person crew could , in theory , rely on Russian Soyuz ferry craft to eventually make it home in an emergency .
Whether NASA can pay for an additional mission , or win the political support that would be necessary , remains to be seen .
But Gerstenmaier said Wednesday a decision one way or the other was needed by the end of June .
Additional coverage for subscribers :
VIDEO : STS - 132 MISSION PREVIEW MOVIE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FULL FLIGHT READINESS REVIEW NEWS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : RECAP OF THE FLIGHT READINESS REVIEW PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : MANAGERS ASSESS ISSUES BEFORE FLIGHT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : UPDATE ON PRE - LAUNCH PREPS AT PAD 39A PLAY | HI - DEF
VIDEO : PROGRAM BRIEFING BY SHUTTLE AND STATION CHIEFS PLAY
VIDEO : THE STS - 132 MISSION OVERVIEW PRESENTATIONS PLAY
VIDEO : PREVIEW BRIEFING ON MISSION'S SPACEWALKS PLAY
VIDEO : THE ASTRONAUTS ' PRE - FLIGHT NEWS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : SHUTTLE EVACUATION PRACTICE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS BOARD ATLANTIS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH DAY REHEARSAL BEGINS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW BRIEFED ON EMERGENCY PROCEDURES PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TEST - DRIVING AN EMERGENCY ARMORED TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW'S CHAT WITH REPORTERS AT PAD 39A PLAY
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS AT KENNEDY SPACE CENTER RUNWAY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW ARRIVES FOR PRACTICE COUNTDOWN PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : GANTRY PLACED AROUND ATLANTIS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : SHUTTLE ATLANTIS REACHES PAD 39A PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CROWDS AND THE CREW CHEER ON ATLANTIS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : OVERNIGHT ROLLOUT TO THE PAD BEGINS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : SHUTTLE HOISTED FOR ATTACHMENT TO TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CRANE ROTATES THE ORBITER VERTICALLY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ATLANTIS RISES OFF THE TRANSPORTER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ORBITER EMERGES FROM ITS HANGAR PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : BUTTONING UP RUDDER / SPEED BRAKE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : DOME SHIELDS AROUND MAIN ENGINES PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : EXTERNAL TANK ATTACHED TO BOOSTERS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PAYLOADS HEAD FOR LAUNCH PAD PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : RASSVET PLACED INTO THE TRANSPORTER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PALLET LOADED WITH MISSION'S CARGO PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : RUSSIAN RASSVET MODULE ON DISPLAY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : RUSSIAN ENGINEERS DISCUSS THEIR RASSVET MODULE PLAY
VIDEO : RASSVET HATCH CLOSED FOR FLIGHT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FILLING MODULE WITH NASA SUPPLIES PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS VISIT THEIR SPACECRAFT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW INSPECTS RASSVET MODULE PLAY | HI -DEF
SUBSCRIBE NOW
This is the first post in a series in which I intend to explain , philosophize , argue , and even convince myself of a new approach in my own personal life regarding my lack of religious faith .
For nearly two years now I ’ve been an out atheist and as a result of a very painful process of losing my faith I have to force myself to embrace a Truth regarding myself – I ’ve been bitter , angry , and sometimes hurtful toward other people .
Some of them deserved it while others did not and I feel the need to repair my approach to humanity .
The fact is , despite my best efforts and the efforts of my peers , we are stuck here with religion and the religious – the vast majority of whom , due to the nature of faith , will hold on to their faith despite all of the good evidence you and I can provide to the contrary .
Religion , as a whole , may one day disappear but not without many more years of scientific discovery and understanding so that all questions in which god can be a hypothetical answer to may be answered – if they ever are .
It ’s not that I ’ve suddenly forgotten all of the dangers of religion or how it has held humanity behind for ages – I have n’t .
I simply ca n’t justify the effects that my approach have had on myself and others in the last few years .
Despite being the happiest I ’ve ever been , there has still been this underlying bitterness …even a persecution complex ( something I often accuse Christians of ) in - so - much that I may often see persecution in places that it is n’t actually occurring .
Of course persecution absolutely does occur and yes I have absolutely been a victim of it – but my failure has been in giving those around me the benefit of the doubt .
Lessons of experience
Over the last few months I have found myself associated with two organizations , one of which I am a founding officer called C.O.F.F.E.R of Dodge County – a citizens organization dedicated to working with the local Board of Education to ensure that responsibility is used in the areas of education and finance .
Secondarily I am now performing all of the web - admin duties and doing other volunteer work for Faithful Hearts Animal Shelter ( 501c3 ) – a local startup non-profit incorporation of individuals interested in building a permanent rescue for abandoned and abused animals in my local area ( we desperately need it – but that ’s a whole different story , just know that my wife and I are pretty much animal freaks . )
Through this work as well as some of the lengthy conversations I have been having with Christians lately I ’ve come to realize quite a few things about myself and about other people :
I ’ve learned that in the past when I thought I was an activist because I wrote a few blog posts about some subjects important to me , or talked about issues with other individuals that all I was doing was moaning about things rather than actively participating in changing the things I objected to .
I ’ve found that true activism requires getting my hands dirty and learning to work with people that I wo n’t necessarily see eye to eye with .
I ’ve learned that at times I am unnecessarily confrontational and that stems from a persecution complex I ’ve carried over from when I was still a Christian – I often assume what individuals think about me before I give them the opportunity to state a position .
I learned this mostly through my dealings with the animal shelter where I have had multiple people contact me saying how much they appreciated the writing I ’ve done in the local newspaper and how much they value , despite their own beliefs , opinions and views that are alternative to their own .
This revelation shocked me and humbled me .
I ’ve learned that some people are like me – they simply want the Truth .
Some people are n’t like me in that they want the Truth so long as it does n’t hinder their current perception ….
I remember being there .
I ’ve learned that people , myself included , need fellowship with other people .
Since leaving church the times that I ’ve spent with other people that are not my wife has been miniscule .
Through working with COFFER and the animal shelter I ’ve learned that I thrive in an environment where people are present – where ideas can collide and work together to benefit something greater than ourselves and I ’ve really enjoyed these opportunities to get to know people .
Finally , I ’ve learned that people , despite our many failings , are essentially good and when given the chance can be worthy of our time , attention , and care .
Goals and Changes
As a result of all the thinking I ’ve been doing lately I ’d like to work on some goals that I ’d like to meet and changes I ’d like to make in and of myself .
I want to continue to develop friendships in my area and abroad with people that I do n’t see eye to eye with .
Be those differences religious or political I want to continue to value the ideas that others hold dear simply because they do .
I want to continue to challenge the status quo and the religious and political stances that I most vehemently object to – but when doing so I want to make it an issue of facts , reason , and concern for the potential that dangerous ideas hold – not simply to be right all the time .
I want to shut up and listen sometimes and only speak when what I say will make an appropriate impact .
I want for people of any background or status to feel comfortable coming to me with questions or concerns of any nature , like they once were , and to be trusted as an individual that is knowledgeable about religion and other subjects that will appropriately use my background as a means to answer those questions or concerns .
I could probably think of a hundred more goals to pursue but i think I ’ll stick with these for the time being and continue to develop my personal relationships around these tenets .
I do n’t want my atheist friends to think that for any reason I ’ve lost sight of just how dangerous blind faith is – in fact I think I realize it now more than ever , but I ’m simply trying to find the most effective way to deal with those things and as appropriate as mockery may seem at times it does n’t seem to get us anywhere in the long run .
I ’m not saying that every confrontational thing I ’ve ever said or done was wrong – I still hold to the idea that I am nearly always appropriate with the things I do and when
It has come to my attention that something I have done is over the top I have always been very fast to issue an apology both publicly and privately .
I think one of the best ways to facilitate this approach is to find ways to be involved with the local community , since I am in the middle of the Bible Belt having a presence in the local churches is probably one of the greatest opportunities I can have – therefore I ’d like to invite any Local Christian organization ( or otherwise ) to contact me if you ’d be open to a discussion on faith either individually or with your church or youth group .
I think something like this would be an excellent opportunity to learn and practice mutual respect for myself and anyone involved
I look forward to continuing my efforts at what I can only call “ Positive Atheism ” and I hope that others might be willing to join me in doing so .
Destroyed homes in downtown Port - au - Prince on Feb. 27 , 2010 .
Cameron Davidson / Corbis
Pauli Immonen is quick - marching the length of the tarmac at Port - au - Prince 's crippled airport , looking for a missing 737 .
It 's not as if he can just check the arrivals board — the 7.0 earthquake that rocked the Haitian capital eight days ago has left the main terminal a flooded , deserted husk .
The floors are littered with broken ceiling tiles , and inch - wide cracks snake along the walls .
Outside , Immonen skirts a blacktop crowded with military transports and chartered jets ; the flock of small planes that usually roosts here has been forced onto an adjacent patch of grass .
The noise is as oppressive as the afternoon heat — deep belly rumbles from taxiing aircraft , the basso whup - whupping of helicopter blades , the grumbling and reverse - signal beeps of forklifts and buses .
Spotting a promising - looking Boeing , the lean , 42 - year - old Finn hurries over to the two Nordic types at the foot of the stairs leading up to the plane and introduces himself .
Sure enough , it 's the flight from Iceland he is expecting — a civilian charter , complete with blond flight attendants , here to drop off aid and a relief team and to pick up a search - and - rescue crew .
Immonen bounds up the steps and talks his way through more people until he finds someone from the Icelandic Ministry for Foreign Affairs .
The official asks Immonen if he'd care to step outside and check their cargo .
" Yes , " Immonen replies crisply , in flawless but accented English .
" But first let me get a drink from one of your lovely ladies . "
A flight attendant looks up with a professional smile and opens a snack - laden drawer in the galley .
She extracts a couple of Fantas .
Immonen gets a look at the stock and courteously but unsmilingly requests a can of Pringles as well .
He 's worked enough disasters to know that you have to grab high - calorie snacks when you can .
She hands one over , and Immonen leads the official off the plane .
Immonen hit the ground in Port - au - Prince less than 72 hours after the quake , when the streets were still strewn with corpses .
He arrived from Helsinki with little more than a mosquito net , a sleeping bag , a laptop , and a sat phone .
When he snatches a few hours of sleep , it 's in a tent pitched 100 yards from the airport runway .
A member of one of the Red Cross ' Emergency Response Units , Immonen has been a first responder in crisis zones from Darfur to Afghanistan to Pakistan .
His job is to wrangle airplanes , making sure that the people and materiel on every Red Cross relief flight get to where they 're supposed to be .
He 's been fascinated by aircraft since he was a kid , hanging around the local airport taking snapshots of planes .
He parlayed his Finnish Air Force training into a stint with the United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon and has been doing humanitarian work since 1995 .
The military has left a mark on his personal style :
Whereas most of his colleagues are shaggy - faced and grubby by this stage of the operation , Immonen shaves daily and always keeps his Red Cross T - shirt tucked neatly into his jeans .
" You have three jobs in the field , " he says , " taking care of the planes , paperwork , and yourself .
But the first couple of days , you only do planes . "
Shot a week after the Jan. 12 earthquake in Haiti , these stunning images of the devastation and recovery effort were captured by Q. Sakamaki .
Wired reporter Vince Beiser narrates .
Chips in hand , Immonen sets out across the tarmac again , all the while exchanging rapid - fire radio calls with the Red Cross base camp a couple of miles away in Port - au - Prince and trading text messages with its logistics hub in Panama .
A second flight , this one from Germany , has also arrived .
Supposedly .
Earlier today , Panama told Immonen that an incoming Red Cross plane had landed , but someone forgot to mention it had been diverted to the neighboring Dominican Republic .
He finds the German flight , though , and gets to work lining up trucks to take its cargo into town .
He shakes hands with at least 20 people in as many minutes , extracting and dispensing required information , bluntly cutting off conversations when they wander off - topic .
" I 'm not polite , " Immonen tells me between impromptu meetings .
" Sometimes you have to be military .
If you make one small mistake , the shipment goes to the wrong place , and then it might as well be lost . "
Getting the right aid to the right place is the whole reason Immonen — and hundreds of people like him — are here .
The world responded to the Haiti earthquake with one of the biggest international aid efforts ever mounted , sending thousands of tons of food , water , and medicine pouring in from every corner of the globe to a tiny island that had little infrastructure even before the ground started convulsing .
Physically moving those supplies into the country , let alone getting them into the hands of the millions who needed help , posed a logistical problem of epic proportions .
The capital 's port was wrecked , its airport badly damaged , and its roads choked with rubble and bodies .
More than 200,000 people were dead ; at least 2 million were homeless .
For people like Immonen , it was the latest in a lifetime of urgent reasons to fly halfway around the world .
But the disaster was also a laboratory , a rare opportunity to test methods and technologies that define " mission critical . "
For the world 's emergency relief agencies , Haiti is the latest on - the - job experiment in the developing field of humanitarian logistics .
Despite the massive scale of their operations , only in recent years have the people who deliver disaster aid begun to benefit from the kind of data - driven decisionmaking and rigorous academic study that their commercial and military counterparts rely on .
In the past decade , the responses to major disasters have been analyzed in hundreds of case studies and pored over by experts , their conclusions field - tested in subsequent crises where yet more data is collected .
Learning the right lessons could not be more important :
The stakes are literally life and death .
Photo : Q. Sakamaki
Today , more people than ever are vulnerable to natural disasters .
Population growth and environmental degradation mean that the average number of people requiring help each year after storms , droughts , epidemics , and other natural catastrophes has skyrocketed in recent decades .
More than a billion people now live within 62 miles of an ocean ; an estimated 10 million are hit by floods every year .
Thanks to global climate change , that number is expected to quintuple by 2080 .
Earthquakes are an even more lethal threat , particularly in poor countries .
Port - au - Prince and its environs collapsed because of the shoddy construction that is the norm in developing - world megalopolises from Mexico City to Chengdu .
Haiti's 7.0 temblor ranks among the deadliest ever recorded , on par with the quake - induced tsunami that struck Indian Ocean shorelines in 2004 .
Indeed , in the past 40 years , earthquakes and the tsunamis they spawn have killed more people than any other kind of natural disaster .
Aid agencies have ramped up apace .
The number of emergency humanitarian workers worldwide has grown at a rate of 6 percent for the past 10 years , reaching a total of more than 210,000 .
In 2008 , government and private donors gave $ 6.6 billion to international response efforts , nearly triple the 2000 total .
It seems to be helping : Since 1975 , the number of people actually killed in disasters annually has dropped by almost half .
Still , there 's no question that the global emergency relief system has significant shortcomings .
Governed for decades more by rules of thumb than research , it 's still more art than science .
Humanitarian supply chains are generally less efficient and the people running them less well trained than their commercial and military counterparts .
They also suffer from a chronic lack of coordination .
Dozens or even hundreds of groups swarm into disaster zones , tripping over one another , duplicating efforts , and competing for trucks , fuel , and food .
What We've Learned
Researchers have been studying better ways of responding to disasters for two decades .
Here are a few lessons taken from a series of unfortunate events .
— Rachel Swaby
1988 __December 7__
Armenian Earthquake
Lesson : Employ local .
Armenia was part of the Soviet Union , but Moscow prohibited residents from working on rebuilding , causing political tension .
Four years later , only 30 percent of necessary structures were finished .
1995 __January 17__
Kobe Earthquake
Lesson : Communicate better , more often , and more completely .
A lack of timely and accurate information made it difficult for families to get services they needed .
For example , shelter locations were not well publicized , which delayed relief .
1999 __August 17__
Turkish Earthquake
Lesson : Rebuild stronger .
After quakes destroyed unsafe structures , rebuilding started quickly and without regulatory oversight or regard for the individual needs of each city — resulting in yet more vulnerable construction .
2003 __December 26__
Iranian Earthquake
Lesson : Restore law and order quickly .
Refugees from the countryside flooded the city in search of aid , but there was no system to support them .
Several days of looting hindered distribution of supplies and threatened the overall recovery effort .
2004 __December 26__
Asian Tsunami
Lesson : Basic provisions need to be regionally appropriate .
Workers distributed non-halal food and built shelters inside Buddhist temples , so Muslims could n't eat the food or use the shelters .
Also , some donated goods were n't suitable for the climate .
2005 __August 29__
Hurricane Katrina
Lesson :
Aid has to be delivered quickly but also sensitively , especially when it comes to services like finding loved ones or burying the dead .
A fifth of aid recipients in Louisiana said assistance came too late and was delivered in an uncaring manner .
2005 __October 8__
Pakistani Earthquake
Lesson : Medical care needs to be culturally appropriate .
Few female doctors were deployed , and local religious beliefs restrict physical contact between men and women .
This severely limited the care available .
2006 __May 27__
Java Earthquake
Lesson : Prepare .
Areas where households had received some disaster training were able to deliver aid to others before official help arrived .
People in those regions surveyed after the quake indicated that they appreciated such assistance .
Lynn Fritz thinks he can help .
He built his family 's customs brokerage company into a global logistics outfit with branches in 123 countries .
As a result , Fritz 's employees were regularly the victims of disasters themselves .
" Every year , there would be an earthquake or a mud slide or something that would stop us from working somewhere , " Fritz says .
" We got good at getting our people back to work quickly .
But I found that , generally speaking , none of my employees were happy with the help they and their families got from aid organizations . "
In 2001 , after selling the business to UPS for a reported $ 450 million , he founded the Fritz Institute , a San Francisco - based consultancy intended to take his company 's experience moving goods and apply it to the unruly world of emergency aid .
It has since become a major catalyst in a growing movement to improve the performance of relief agencies .
Among other things , Fritz launched an annual international conference on humanitarian logistics that brought many of the key practitioners together for the first time and helped spur the growth of a handful of university programs aimed at bringing sophisticated research to bear on this unique field .
" Humanitarian logistics in 2001 was very similar to where commercial logistics were when I started out — very lowbrow , low - status , low - paid , " he says .
" Now it 's going through the same evolution , from an obscure back - office thing to ' Christ , this is important ! ' "
Things came to a head after the 2004 tsunami that killed 225,000 people in South Asia .
With some 400 groups piling onto what was then the biggest international aid effort ever seen , airports were overwhelmed and supply routes bottlenecked .
" There was literally food sitting in depots that no one knew was there , " Fritz says .
" There were an enormous number of avoidable problems . "
The scale of the tsunami's carnage — and its attendant media coverage — brought unprecedented attention to the flaws in the global relief system , sparking the humanitarian world 's most sweeping self - analysis since the Rwandan genocide .
Colin Chaperon spent his first night in Port - au - Prince in the grass outside a Red Cross office .
Even before the earthquake , the country was a shambles , battered by decades of crippling international debt , corrupt leaders , and frequent hurricanes .
Lots of international aid groups already had semipermanent presences there — which meant they got hit as hard by the quake as everyone else .
About 100 United Nations workers , including the mission chief , were killed .
All of the staff at the Haitian Red Cross survived ; its headquarters did not .
( A quick word about the Red Cross :
It 's actually a loosely linked constellation of " national societies " around the globe — the American Red Cross , the Egyptian Red Crescent , and so on .
Then there 's the Geneva - based International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies , or IFRC , which coordinates the work of the national societies in disaster relief operations .
Yet another Red Cross agency does the same thing in war zones . )
Governments donate huge amounts of food and other bulk items to the big aid agencies for warehousing .
But not everything can be stockpiled : Food and medicines go bad , and every bunch of disaster victims has their own specific needs .
Pork - based MREs do n't go over so well in Muslim countries , for instance .
To fill the gaps , most organizations have standing deals with commercial suppliers and transport companies .
In an emergency , they order up whatever they need at a preset price , without having to waste time seeking bids and negotiating contracts .
For the Haiti operation , the Red Cross alone brought in mosquito nets from Vietnam , medical equipment from Europe , and tarps , cooking gear , and hygiene equipment from India and China .
Almost all the goods are made to detailed uniform standards .
Every blanket , for instance , is the same size , thickness , even color , no matter which supplier produced it .
That allows the logisticians to calculate precisely the volume and weight of each order , which in turn enables them to plan what sort of transport and storage facilities will be needed .
When they have to buy stuff that is n't covered by those standing agreements , the Red Cross requires that the items fit the standards laid out in its online catalog of emergency aid .
The catalog gives detailed specs for more than 2,000 items , down to the width and length of bandages and the vitamin content of powdered milk .
Other international agencies developed a broad set of guidelines after the Rwanda genocide in 1994 .
Dubbed the Sphere Project , it sets baseline standards for aid .
So one individual is supposed to get 7.5 to 15 liters of water ( for drinking , cooking , and washing ) and 2,100 calories of food per day , plus 3.5 square meters of floor space in a covered shelter .
Those standards are often more goals than practical guidelines , however .
In the initial heat of a crisis , deciding which supplies to send first requires some cold - blooded calculations .
In the first days after the Haiti quake , the Air Force gave higher priority — and earlier landing slots — to planes carrying bottled water , food , and medical supplies , figuring that hydration and nutrition were more pressing needs than shelter in a temperate climate like Haiti's .
In general , Sphere guidelines leave plenty of room for improvisation .
Catholic Relief Services ' branch in the Dominican Republic simply hit local stores and bought up all the granola bars , canned sardines , and peanut butter it could get .
Such foods are non-perishable , protein - rich , and easily portable .
They also do n't require any cooking , a crucial consideration for disaster victims who likely have no stoves , fuel , or even frying pans .
Ten days after the quake , downtown Port - au - Prince is still flat - out apocalyptic .
On block after block , multistory buildings lie smashed into rubble .
Falling debris has crushed cars like juice boxes .
The streets teem with people with nowhere else to go , many of them wearing surgical masks to ward off the stench of corpses rotting in the wreckage .
Armed soldiers and stray dogs roam about as helicopters thunder overhead .
To figure out how to move aid into and around that anarchic environment , and then ensure it 's delivered to the Haitians who need it , the IFRC relies on logistics coordinator Ian Heigh .
For now , his office is a metal chair pulled up to a folding table in a long , single - story warehouse .
The floor is rough cement , the roof corrugated tin , and one wall just open mesh .
Another dozen teams are also crammed into the building , their improvised workspaces all within a couple of feet of each other .
It 's constant cacophony .
Red Cross workers from around the world , as well as dozens more from the Haitian Red Cross , bustle and plan and prepare for missions here from dawn until late at night .
Buzzing generators power a vast flock of sat phones , walkie - talkies , and laptops .
At least the commute is easy ; everyone sleeps in tents pitched in the rocky yard outside .
It 's 7 am and Heigh is doing his best to shut out the commotion and focus his team on the day 's priorities .
A burly former British Army engineer , Heigh sports a couple of days ' worth of stubble , a silver hoop in each ear , and purple rings around his eyes .
Today he 's preoccupied with the million niggling details that make it possible to move water , clothing , and medical supplies from point A to hundreds of point Bs .
The problem is , the earthquake mangled the airport , the seaport , and the roads .
Before the quake , Toussaint L'Ouverture International Airport handled an average of 35 flights a day .
The quake knocked the control tower out of commission , leaving aircraft to land in whatever order they arrived in Haitian airspace .
Traffic was desperately bottlenecked , with at least 15 planes circling overhead at a time .
There was n't enough space on the ground for them all , and too few forklifts and trucks to unload the planes once they landed .
That 's why one of the first planes that did land carried a team from the US Air Force 's Special Tactics Group .
The crew sized up the situation , plunked themselves down in the grass near the runway , fired up their portable radios , and started giving orders to the circling aircraft .
Aid agencies complained that military flights got top priority , but without the USAF , nothing much would have gotten in at all .
The Special Tactics Group established a reservation system for incoming aircraft and took over the job of unloading planes themselves .
By the time I joined Immonen on his rounds a few days later , the airport was handling more than 100 flights a day .
But even operating at peak efficiency , no airport can take in enough cargo to feed , clothe , and house an entire city .
Only cargo ships and trucks can deliver that .
The quake left two small top - loader cranes at the capital 's eponymous port listing at crazy angles , and its single large gantry crane ( the kind that handles containerized cargo ) keeled over into the water as though it had been knocked to its knees .
That meant only ships equipped with their own cranes could tie up to unload at the single working pier , which itself was so rickety it could support just one truck at a time .
The US Coast Guard took charge , scraping a chunk of nearby shoreline to allow flat - bottomed cargo boats to pull right up to the beach .
" It 's a lot of improvising , " lieutenant commander Mike Pierno says .
The rest of the aid must be hauled in by road .
But Haiti , of course , is on an island , one it shares with the Dominican Republic , a third - world nation that looks prosperous only by comparison .
The DR staggered under the huge quantities of aid and people being channeled through its airports and harbors .
The few trucks the aid agencies managed to cadge to get supplies out of the DR and into Haiti were in for a grueling journey .
The two - lane , convoy - congested road between the two nations ' capitals is nothing but pothole - cratered dirt for considerable stretches .
The 156 - mile trip can take up to 12 hours .
Photo : Q. Sakamaki
At the airport , an open field near the tarmac is filled with off - loaded cargo — acres of pallets stacked high with water bottles , rice sacks , kitchen kits , diapers , toilet paper , bandages , absorbent nursing pads , and other supplies .
The US Army is in charge of getting all this stuff to aid groups for dispersal .
Most are close by ; with habitable buildings in short supply , dozens of international organizations have set up camp next to the airport , creating a sort of humanitarian Black Rock City .
Giant 20 - person shelters jostle for space with clusters of pup tents , lighting rigs , satellite dishes , generators , and piles of gear and food .
Shirtless Russian search - and - rescue guys sun themselves next to a group of Danish child - welfare workers , while nearby a Mexican TV crew interviews a Peruvian firefighter in blinding yellow coveralls .
Next to Immonen 's tent sit a half - dozen refrigerator - sized generators .
They 're meant for a US military hospital , but the grunts running the forklifts figured the red crosses painted on the boxes — an international symbol for anything medical — meant they belonged to the IFRC .
One of Heigh 's urgent tasks is finding warehouse space for incoming relief .
At the moment , trucks are off - loading cargo into the other end of the building where the emergency teams are working , adding to the noise , dust , and general chaos .
Worse , the space is too narrow for forklifts .
The logistics team has a couple of leads on an alternate site , but the buildings need to be checked out to make sure they 're still structurally sound .
Heigh also needs to find scarce vehicles and drivers , hire day laborers , and secure the aid workers ' camp fuel supply — which is currently sitting in barrels in a nearby lot protected only by a couple of unarmed security guards .
Heigh also has to keep a handle on what he has :
The IFRC records tracking numbers on its goods by hand because it has yet to invest in barcode scanning equipment , and until recently , there was n't any specialized , networkable software to monitor goods in the humanitarian supply chain .
Now Heigh has access to a customized version of Humanitarian Logistics Software , a system developed by the Fritz Institute .
It 's become something of a standard for monitoring aid delivery , in no small part because it 's Web - based and the Institute gives it away royalty - free .
The truth is , no amount of preparation can survive contact with the actual conditions of a disaster .
Still , Heigh draws up a plan and parcels out tasks .
" When we go to the field , of course , " he tells his staff cheerily , " none of this will work , and we 'll end up doing something completely different . "
Humanitarian logistics as a discipline lives somewhere on a continuum between the ultrahigh - speed , money - is - no - object imperatives of a military campaign and the customer - focused , margin - cutting mentality of a commercial supply chain .
Indeed , one of the biggest ideas to hit the humanitarian community in the past decade is the notion of surveying the recipients of aid to see what they think .
That 's very commercial — treating them more like clients than victims .
But trying to accommodate local sensitivities can also come at the expense of speed and efficiency — and the safety of the people delivering the aid .
That tension plays out most clearly during the actual delivery of supplies to people who need them .
A crowd of hungry citizens can quickly turn into an angry mob of looters .
There 's an ugly chicken / egg aspect to the whole security issue .
Aid workers can't distribute food unless there 's a certain level of safety , but lack of food makes people more desperate and the situation more dangerous .
So a key question — both tactical and ethical — is , do you take guns with you ?
How you answer that depends on who you are .
I spend one morning inside the UN 's bustling compound near the airport , hanging out with a couple of World Food Program workers next to a truck parked at the head of a convoy .
Drivers are loitering in a scrap of shade nearby , smoking and grumbling in Creole .
We 're waiting , and waiting , for soldiers from the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti — Minustah is the French initialism — to come escort us on a food distribution run .
Phone calls are made .
World Food Program officials come and go , trading rumors :
We 'll be going soon .
No , it 'll be another hour .
There are no Minustah soldiers available .
Then we hear that the Americans are sending some troops .
Finally , it gets to be too late and the whole mission is scrapped .
That means those trucks filled with food will sit where they are until at least the next day .
Meanwhile , just a few hundred yards away , on the other side of the compound 's steel gates , is a street teeming with hungry , thirsty Haitians .
But in Haiti , the World Food Program will roll trucks only with an armed escort from Minustah or the US Army .
They 're protected , but also debilitatingly dependent on their military partners .
The military itself does n't need anyone else 's muscle .
Within days of the quake , 13,000 US troops had been dispatched to Haiti .
And when they want supplies to move , they move .
One afternoon , I hitch a ride on a CH - 53 Super Stallion , a hulking gray beast of a Marine helicopter .
It 's built for function , not comfort : Steel walls and ceiling are covered with a maze of cables , wires , and medical gear .
The only adornments are a couple of Skoal stickers and a little poster of Raquel Welch in One Million Years BC taped up near the cockpit .
Following the gestured instructions of one of the four crew members — you can't hear anything over the rotors — I strap into a spartan fold - down seat .
Six tied - down pallets of water and boxes labeled human daily rations wobble on the steel deck as we rise from the airport 's crowded tarmac and soar out over the shattered city .
Within minutes , we 've left Port - au - Prince behind and are flying over vibrant green farmland dotted with little white houses .
It would be picturesque if so many of the little houses were n't collapsed .
The copter lands in an open field near the hard - hit town of Leogane .
A couple of dozen waiting marines hustle forward and start moving the cargo .
I jump out and see that we 're surrounded .
Hundreds of Haitians stand on the sides of the roads bordering the field , staring silently at the boxes of food and flats of water bottles glittering in the sun .
Facing them is a line of marines , rifles pointed down but at the ready .
It 's not exactly a heartwarming encounter with the locals .
But it sure is efficient .
The Red Cross , on the other hand , pursues the same objective with completely different tactics .
First rule : no guns .
Except in the most extreme circumstances , the Red Cross does n't allow its supplies or personnel to be transported or protected by any nation 's military or even UN peacekeepers .
That 's a central tenet of their philosophy , one of the ways the agency maintains its prized image as a neutral party no matter where it 's working .
In a place as chaotic and volatile as Port - au - Prince , though , going unarmed obliges one to tread very carefully .
Teams make contact with community leaders , spreading the word that the Red Cross is coming .
Then they distribute tickets , giving priority to homeless families , especially those headed by single women or that include elderly or disabled members .
To avoid inciting a riot , they tell people that the tickets are part of a survey .
" If word gets out you 'll be distributing aid , 5,000 people will show up , " explains Xavier Genot , a scruffy Frenchman who is helping spearhead aid distribution .
Like many of the Red Cross folks here , he 's not a full - time employee but a volunteer who is called on when there 's a major disaster .
In between catastrophes , he's an architect and video artist working the French techno / rave scene .
Photo : Q. Sakamaki
I join Genot on what is only the IFRC 's second aid distribution run , more than a week after the quake .
Our convoy , Land Cruisers and a pair of weathered white trucks , rolls out of base camp carrying blankets , soap , and cooking supplies .
It 's the start of a grindingly slow journey .
Port - au - Prince 's streets were battered and potholed even before the quake ; now they 're also choked with rubble , downed power lines , and people terrified to stay indoors .
Creeping up one particularly steep and narrow street , we find our way blocked by a cluster of rebar sticking out of a collapsed cement pillar .
With some bystanders , we use chunks of broken cinder block to hammer the steel rods out of the way .
Even Genot , a veteran of many disasters , puffs out his cheeks at the difficulty of simply moving .
Finally , we arrive in front of a two - story Haitian Red Cross field office with a massive crack down one corner .
Homeless camps sprawl away on either side .
Local volunteers start organizing the ticket holders into a line in the middle of the street while Genot directs the two trucks to park side by side at the end of a cul - de-sac .
It 's improvised crowd control .
The aid recipients will be directed up one side of the vehicles to have their tickets checked , and then back down the other side to receive their packages .
Things start off orderly enough .
But word spreads quickly that the Red Cross is handing stuff out , and the street fills with people .
The young aid workers link hands to form a human chain around the people in line in an effort to keep the ticketless newcomers from cutting in .
But the new arrivals go around or shove past them , and the line soon triples in size .
A local volunteer with a bullhorn pleads with the crowd , saying the Red Cross can help only if they cooperate , so those without tickets must get out of line , please .
No one does .
Tempers are flaring .
There 's pushing and shoving .
A muscular man starts yelling at one of the ticket checkers , their faces only inches apart .
One of the IFRC staffers quietly tells me that if the crowd swarms the truck , we are to just get out of the way .
But Genot 's team keeps things moving while the local volunteers talk down the most aggressive loudmouths .
It 's tense and a bit unruly , but after an hour or so the aid has all been handed out .
The crowd disperses , unhappily but without incident .
Mission accomplished .
But it took six hours and dozens of people to distribute aid to just 110 families .
The most persistent systemic problem with big international aid efforts , one highlighted in virtually every major study , is that no one is in charge .
In a major catastrophe , thousands of high - minded , highly motivated folks pour in from all over the world .
Each big agency has its own style and priorities , and each sets up its own supply chain of planes , ships , and trucks .
They compete with one another for resources , duplicate one another 's efforts , and generally get in one another 's way .
It 's as though 200 different police forces from New York to Podunk , plus the French Foreign Legion , the Colorado Bowhunters Association , and a squad of ninjas all launched their own attacks on the Taliban at the same time .
The result is wasted effort at best and total chaos at worst .
After the 2004 tsunami , bottled water continued to arrive in Sri Lanka long after local water services were restored , clogging up supply routes .
And presumably well - intentioned but clueless donors sent baffled residents of the tropical island winter jackets , stiletto - heeled shoes , women 's thong underwear , and Viagra .
That disorderly response galvanized the humanitarian world into making a number of reforms .
The United Nations attempted to impose coordination via what 's known as the cluster system .
Ideally , in every major disaster a designated lead organization convenes regular meetings to promote sharing information and resources .
The system made its debut after the 2005 Pakistan earthquake , to mixed reviews .
Getting dozens of agencies with different goals and methods to cooperate is tough in the best of times , much less in the middle of a catastrophe .
And many smaller organizations just do n't bother to take part in these interagency coordination efforts at all .
" These people want to react quickly , " says Edgar Blanco , who coheads a research project on humanitarian logistics at MIT .
" They do n't want to go to extra meetings and fill out forms . "
That 's been a particularly acute problem in Haiti , where — partly because of proximity to the US — over 900 organizations have rushed in to help .
Few have dealt with a large - scale disaster , and they are n't cooperating with other groups .
Many people told me the cluster system is helping with coordination , but in a confidential email published online by Foreign Policy in February , John Holmes , undersecretary general for the UN 's humanitarian relief operations , complained that in Haiti " very little progress has been made in this critical area . "
Not only is no one in charge , but there are no mutually agreed - on measure of success .
Blanco has tried to address this issue , evaluating humanitarian supply chains using metrics like response time , inventory rotation , and disparity between budgeted and actual outlays .
His conclusion : " Their performance is very low compared to businesses like Wal - Mart . "
One reason is that aid workers have far less information about the " consumers " they 're targeting and operate in far less predictable " markets . "
Displaced people in urban camps may have fled to the countryside by the time aid trucks arrive .
A change in weather can mean that suddenly more water and fewer tarps are needed .
" Commercial operations have detailed point - of - sale data so they know what to stock , " says Jarrod Goentzel , Blanco 's codirector at MIT .
" In humanitarian operations fields , you never know exactly what the demand is , or where . "
Moreover , top aid officials often come from backgrounds in things like nutrition or sanitation rather than logistics .
Even the dedicated logisticians tend to get less training .
" Training and improving systems is considered overhead , " Blanco says .
" Donors want to see their money going to save lives , not overhead — even though that investment provides huge returns . "
After the Asian tsunami , the Fritz Institute conducted one of the first - ever surveys of aid recipients .
Only 60 percent of families surveyed in India and Sri Lanka said they had received timely aid and were treated with dignity in the 60 days after the tidal wave hit .
Almost everyone reported getting water within the first couple of days , but just 58 percent of Sri Lankans reported receiving shelter in a timely manner .
In general , post - disaster studies tend to measure " throughput indicators " like how much food was distributed , or how much shelter got provided , instead of " output or outcome metrics " like lives saved or suffering alleviated .
Two weeks after the quake , the international relief effort — slowly , painfully — is getting into gear .
The IFRC has found a couple of proper warehouses .
The pace of aid distribution has picked up considerably .
The Air Force has set up a mobile air traffic control tower at the airport .
The port is up to 30 percent of its capacity .
Streets are being cleared .
I even see crews using shovels to load garbage trucks with some of the rotting refuse that is heaped everywhere .
Nonetheless , Port - au - Prince is still a full - throttle emergency .
Hundreds of thousands of people are injured , more than a million have no shelter , and the rainy season is looming .
Disease is a major risk .
These latter phases of aid , sustainment and recovery , often prove to be the trickiest .
Flooding an area with free food can put local farmers and grocers out of business .
Tents will keep people dry , but the resources spent acquiring them take away from rounding up materials and tools to create more durable shelters .
It will take many months — more likely years — and billions of dollars before the city is anywhere close to recovered .
I spend my last night in Pauli Immonen 's tent near the airport runway , the better to catch a UN flight back to Santo Domingo the next day .
To my astonished delight , Immonen whips up a fondue out of powdered cheese and milk on his recently acquired camp stove .
We have a pleasant meal under the stars , watching the planes take off .
Eventually , I crawl under my mosquito net to sleep .
Not Immonen .
He 's got two more planes coming in between now and dawn .
Los Angeles - based writer Vince Beiser ( vincelb@sbcglobal.net ) wrote about cell phones in prisons in issue 17.06 .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
IT ’S MIDNIGHT on the streets of Calcutta .
Old women cook over open fires on the sidewalks .
Men wait in line at municipal hand pumps to lather skin , hair , and lungis ( skirts ) , bathing without undressing .
Girls sit in the open beds of bicycle - powered trucks , braiding their hair .
The monsoon ’s not yet over , and grandfathers under umbrellas squat on their heels , arguing over card games , while mothers hold bare - bottomed toddlers over open latrines .
On every other block , shops the size of broom closets are still open , kerosene lights blazing , their proprietors seated cross-legged on tiny shelves built above their wares of plastic buckets or machetes or radios .
Many people sleep through the lively darkness , draped over sacks of rice or on work carts full of paper or rags or hay .
Groups of men and women , far from their home villages , sprawl haphazardly across the sidewalks , snoring .
I ’m crossing the city in one of Calcutta ’s famously broken - down Ambassador taxis .
The seat ’s been replaced with a box , the windows do n’t work , there never were seat belts .
Sneezes of rain blow through .
It ’s always like this , arriving in the dead of night after incomprehensibly long international flights , exiting the hermetically sealed jet onto humid and smoky streets perfumed with gardenias and shit .
The coal haze is thick as magician ’s smoke .
Out of the dark , suddenly , the huge haunches of a working elephant appear , tail switching , big feet plodding carefully over piles of garbage , each footfall spooking a hungry dog .
The mahout tucked between her ears nonchalantly chats on a cell phone .
The festival of Durga Puja has just ended , and my taxi slows nearly to a stop behind a procession of trucks , Land Rovers , minivans , and people on foot escorting a 10 - arm clay idol of the goddess Durga to the Hooghly River to be submerged .
Traffic here is astonishing , with more vehicles per kilometer than any other city in India .
At one complicated intersection between three major arteries , two men herd a hundred goats dyed a festive hot pink through a tangle of pedestrians , bicycles , overloaded trucks , and hand - drawn carts carrying 20 - foot bamboo poles , powered by matchstick - thin barefoot men straining forward at the waist .
Calcutta ’s famous rickshaws , among the last human - drawn taxis in Asia , are stabled in herds for the night , their pullers contorted in sleep across the double seats .
My family ties to Calcutta , renamed Kolkata in 2001 , in the state of West Bengal , reach back to the city ’s 17th - century British beginnings .
My genetic roots in India wend back farther .
Remarkably , little of architectural note has changed since this capital city of the British Raj was built ; it ’s only aged , postapocalyptically , with slumping buildings cobbled together from broken buildings and banyan trees growing opportunistically from tiles eroding to humus on old roofs .
That so many can live among the ruins seems impossible .
Yet so many do .
The city is home to about 5 million people , at a population density of 70,000 per square mile — 2.5 times more crowded than New York City .
Another 9 million live in the urban agglomeration , bringing the population of greater Kolkata to 14 million .
More are added every day — though not as many as you might expect from births .
Kolkata ’s fertility rate ( the average number of children born to a woman ) is only 1.35 , well below the global replacement average of 2.34 ( the number where population stabilizes as births balance with deaths ) .
Instead , the city ’s growth is fueled largely through migration from a poorer and more fertile countryside .
What supports the crowds of Kolkata are what supports life everywhere : air , water , food , fuel , climate .
Three hundred miles north of the city rises the mighty buttress of the Himalayas , home to 18,000 glaciers covering an area of ice larger than Maryland .
After the Arctic and Antarctic , this “ third pole ” holds earth ’s greatest freshwater reserve , supplying the outflows of some of the globe ’s mightiest rivers —
Ganges , Yarlung Tsangpo , Brahmaputra — water for one in seven people on earth .
Fifty miles to the south of Kolkata , at the end of those rivers , lies the enormous Bay of Bengal , where 3 million tons of seafood are netted , hooked , and trawled annually .
In highlands to the north and south lie the seams of coal that fuel the city .
Seen from above , the circulatory system of roads and railroads of the Indian east — home to 300 million people , roughly the same as the US — funnels into Kolkata , with trucks and freight trains running day and night , laden with fuel , fish , and food .
The city itself funnels into a central core , a defensible bend in the Hooghly River and the classic star - shaped , 18th - century Fort William — a stronghold harking back to a time when wealth was measured in tea , silk , jute , ivory , and gemstones , and when survival was assured with cannon fire .
Survival in the 21st century is different .
Its real measure lies in the depth of the snowpack in the Himalayas , in the sustainable tonnage of fish caught in the Bay of Bengal , in the inches of topsoil remaining on the Indian plains , and in the parts per million of coal smoke in the air .
The root cause of India ’s dwindling resources and escalating pollution is the same : the continued exponential growth of humankind .
As recently as 1965 , when the world population stood at 3.3 billion , we collectively taxed only 70 percent of the earth ’s biocapacity each year .
That is , we used only 7/10 of the land , water , and air the planet could regenerate or repair yearly to produce what we consumed and to absorb our greenhouse gas emissions .
According to the Global Footprint Network , a California think tank , we first overdrew our accounts in 1983 , when our population of nearly 4.7 billion began to consume natural resources faster than they could be replenished — a phenomenon called “ ecological overshoot . ”
Last year , 6.8 billion of us consumed the renewable resources of 1.4 earths .
The United Nations projects that world population will stabilize at 9.1 billion in 2050 .
This prediction assumes a decline from the current average global fertility rate of 2.56 children per woman to 2.02 children per woman in the years between 2045 and 2050 .
But should mothers average half a child more in 2045 , the world population will peak at 10.5 billion five years later .
Half a child less , and it stabilizes at 8 billion .
The difference in those projections — 2.5 billion — is the total number of people alive on earth in 1950 .
Every minute …
157
NEW PEOPLE
join the world ’s population 4
are in developed countries ( 27 babies born , 23 people dying ) 153
are in developing countries ( 237 babies born , 83 people dying ) Source : Population Reference Bureau .
Figures rounded .
The only known solution to ecological overshoot is to decelerate our population growth faster than it ’s decelerating now and eventually reverse it — at the same time we slow and eventually reverse the rate at which we consume the planet ’s resources .
Success in these twin endeavors will crack our most pressing global issues : climate change , food scarcity , water supplies , immigration , health care , biodiversity loss , even war .
On one front , we ’ve already made unprecedented strides , reducing global fertility from an average 4.92 children per woman in 1950 to 2.56 today — an accomplishment of trial and sometimes brutally coercive error , but also a result of one woman at a time making her individual choices .
The speed of this childbearing revolution , swimming hard against biological programming , rates as perhaps our greatest collective feat to date .
But it ’s not enough .
And it ’s still not fast enough .
Faced with a world that can support either a lot of us consuming a lot less or far fewer of us consuming more , we ’re deadlocked : individuals , governments , the media , scientists , environmentalists , economists , human rights workers , liberals , conservatives , business and religious leaders .
On the supremely divisive question of the ideal size of the human family , we ’re amazingly united in a pact of silence .
I ’m returning to India , where the dynamics of overpopulation and overconsumption are most acute , where the lifelines between water , food , fuel , and 1.17 billion people — 17 percent of humanity subsisting on less than 2.5 percent of the globe ’s land — are already stretched dangerously thin .
“ Overpopulation , combined with overconsumption , is the elephant in the room , ” says Paul Ehrlich , 42 years after he wrote his controversial book , The Population Bomb .
“ We do n’t talk about overpopulation because of real fears from the past — of racism , eugenics , colonialism , forced sterilization , forced family planning , plus the fears from some of contraception , abortion , and sex .
We do n’t really talk about overconsumption because of ignorance about the economics of overpopulation and the true ecological limits of earth . ”
Core differences about how the population issue is viewed have reinforced the paralysis .
Conservationists tended to frame the issue as people vs. nature , while human rights activists found this analysis simplistic and even racist , failing to address what they saw as the core problems of poverty and environmental injustice .
Yet they in turn have tended to deny the limits of growth .
Add the tension between rich and poor nations , and the issue quickly becomes radioactive .
“ In the developing world , ” says Kavita Ramdas , the president and CEO of the San Francisco - based Global Fund for Women , “ the problem of population is seen less as a matter of human numbers than of Western overconsumption .
Yet within the development community , the only solution to the problems of the developing world is to export the same unsustainable economic model fueling the overconsumption of the West . ”
I ’m returning to India , where the dynamics of overpopulation and overconsumption are most acute , where the lifelines between water , food , fuel , and 1.17 billion people — 17 percent of humanity subsisting on less than 2.5 percent of the globe ’s land — are already stretched dangerously thin .
India ’s population is projected to surpass China ’s by 2030 in a country only a third China ’s size — adding 400 million citizens between now and 2050 .
But that ’s the mid-level projection .
A slight uptick in global fertility , and it may be home to a staggering 2 billion people by 2050 .
Here , before anywhere else on earth , the challenges of 20th - century family planning will become a 21st - century fight for survival .
Eden Hospital is a 19th - century marble marvel hidden behind spindly bamboo scaffolding at Kolkata ’s Medical College .
Its threshold is swamped by an outpouring of families , each shielding a mother and a swaddled newborn .
It takes me a while to ford the flood .
Inside , up an ancient , dark , and gritty central stairway , down a veranda lined with multi-bed wards and separated by jalousie doors hanging from rusted hinges , my mother was born 80 years ago , as were many of my relatives before and after her .
Eden maternity hospital was a wonder in its day , opened optimistically in 1881 to accommodate some 80 women , primarily Europeans and Anglo - Indians : the biracial Eurasian community sired by the Raj .
In 1881 , there was an understanding that human population was growing , thanks to the Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus ’ 1798 An Essay on the Principle of Population .
Malthus , a political economist , argued that humans were destined to grow geometrically , while food production could increase only arithmetically , guaranteeing that famine would cinch the growth of humankind within the scarce purse of resources .
And so it did .
For 150 years after Malthus , hunger killed millions : perhaps 50 million Chinese in multiple famines of the 19th century ; upwards of 20 million Indians during a dozen major famines in the latter half of the 19th century ; a million in the Great Famine of Ireland between 1845 and 1852 ; one - third of the local population in the Ethiopian Great Famine of 1888 to 1892 ; 3 million in Bengal in 1943 .
Malthus ’ mathematical concerns about population growth developed inside an 18th - century moral framework we still wrestle with today .
According to him , poor people grew their numbers irresponsibly and were kept in check by their own bad habits and addictions :
“ The vices of mankind are active and able ministers of depopulation . ”
He opposed government assistance to the poor on the grounds that it enabled more people to reproduce without the means to support themselves .
He advocated that the surplus population be allowed to decrease of its own accord — a suggestion that reportedly inspired Charles Dickens to pen the tale of misanthrope Ebenezer Scrooge .
In later editions of his essay , Malthus suggested a solution to the growing numbers of impoverished people he considered poor specimens , a eugenics - like answer popular in his time , based on animal husbandry and designed to “ upgrade ” the human race : “ [ B ]y an attention to breed , a certain degree of improvement similar to that among animals might take place among men , ” he wrote .
“ Whether intellect could be communicated may be a matter of doubt ; but size , strength , beauty , complexion , and , perhaps , even longevity , are in a degree transmissible . ”
My grandmother gave birth to six children in the airy rooms of Eden Hospital , exactly half the number born to her grandmother , who delivered 12 in half a dozen military outposts across India .
These Eurasian children worried the leadership of imperial Britain , which oscillated between contradictory official policies allowing , discouraging , or mandating marriage between cohabiting British men and Indian women .
Yet none of these early efforts at population ( or complexion ) control succeeded in stemming the flow of biracial children .
Part of the failure derived from a paradox in Malthus ’ moral framework .
The reverend believed families needed to limit their numbers of children , yet he opposed contraception , and many agreed with him .
Only the “ temporary unhappiness ” of abstinence was acceptable .
Other methods of birth control “ lower , in the most marked manner , the dignity of human nature , ” he wrote .
“ It can not be without its effect on men , and nothing can be more obvious than its tendency to degrade the female character . ”
Malthus ’ suggestions that the ‘ surplus population ’ be allowed to die off from disease or improved via eugenics reportedly inspired Charles Dickens to pen the tale Ebenezer Scrooge .
Yet what Malthus put in motion could not be stopped .
Fears of overpopulation spawned by his essay , combined with fears within families of too many hungry children , drove a 19th - century technological boom in contraceptives ( including the invention of the first rubber condoms ) , known for a time as Malthusian devices .
These were hardly the first attempts at birth control : Hieroglyphic instructions in ancient Egypt described vaginal plugs of crocodile dung ; two millennia ago , a wild abortion - inducing fennel of the Mediterranean was harvested to extinction ; a Greek legend described a female condom made of a goat ’s bladder ( for protection against the serpents and scorpions in King Minos ’ semen ) ; medieval Islamic physicians listed 196 contraceptive substances .
( See “ Masters of the Uterus . ” )
Long before Malthus , humans sought to accommodate promiscuous intercourse without the entanglements of pregnancy .
Even prior to the European discovery of rubber in the New World , men wore condoms : Chinese of oiled silk paper ; Japanese of fine leather or tortoiseshell ( both doubling as dildos for their women in their absence ) .
Gabriele Falloppio tested linen condoms tied with ribbons on 1,100 Italian men in 1564 and claimed them to be 100 percent effective for men against the new plague of syphilis .
Someone , though not the mythical Dr. Condom , discovered the intestines of goats , sheep , calves , and fish were prophylactic against both disease and pregnancy .
When all else failed , self - control helped .
The men of Elizabethan England knew of and successfully practiced coitus interruptus , while the men of 18th - century France were so proficient at withdrawal that family size declined until the baby boom following World War II .
The utopian Robert Dale Owen , attempting to promote coitus interruptus to prudish 19th - century Americans , labored through 48 pages of a profusely apologetic argument called Moral Physiology before zeroing in on what the French did so well : “ It may be objected that [ coitus interruptus ] requires a mental effort and a partial sacrifice .
I reply , that , in France , where men consider this …a point of honour , all young men learn to make the necessary effort . ”
Even in Malthus ’ time , pamphlets describing female contraceptive methods were circulating widely — though illegally in America , having been labeled pornographic .
Informational leaflets such as the “ diabolical handbills , ” advising how to make and use vaginal sponges , were in high demand by European and American women who did not wish to rely on condoms or men .
In 1871 , writer Annie Besant and future English parliamentarian Dr. Charles Bradlaugh republished the underground American book , The Fruits of Philosophy , with advice on how to prevent pregnancy by douching after sex .
Their showy obscenity trial — in which Charles Darwin refused to give evidence , and a conviction was overturned on a technicality — catapulted sales to 100,000 .
Soon after , many disparate fronts in the fight for the legalization of birth control coalesced around a new group catchily misnamed the Malthusian League .
No one knows how the Reverend Malthus managed to limit his own family to only three children .
His teachings , however , sired countless errant progeny .
For 25 years , he lectured at Britain ’s East India Company College , where his ideas inspired a generation of male Britons to go forth and build a colonial empire .
But since India was mostly bereft of European women , they also quickly peopled it with Eurasian offspring .
Among the empire builders was a young Sir Ashley Eden , for whom the largest obstetrics and gynecological ward for Europeans and Eurasians in all of Asia would be named — leaving the vast majority of Indian women to Malthus ’ version of nature ’s ruthless devices .
India today prides itself on being the world ’s largest democracy .
But it ’s also the hungriest , only recently and barely liberated from “ the most dreadful famines ” Malthus wrote of .
One of every two underfed people on earth lives here .
Forty percent of Indian children under the age of five are underweight and stunted .
More than 4 percent of the 26 million babies born here every year die within their first month of life , a neonatal mortality rate surpassing even India ’s war - torn neighbor , Sri Lanka .
Worse , India ’s underfed are not decreasing , as one might expect from one of the world ’s fastest growing economies , but increasing .
India ’s economic boom has surged past most Indians , leaving 53 percent in poverty , according to the calculations of one Indian government commission .
In the state of Bihar , next door to West Bengal , 9 of 10 rural children are anemic , a telltale marker of hunger and malnutrition .
In The Population Bomb , Ehrlich predicted inevitable mass starvation as early as the 1970s and 1980s — notably in India , which he claimed could not possibly attain food self - sufficiency .
Instead , American agronomist Norman Borlaug ’s “ Green Revolution ” brought dwarf wheat strains and chemical fertilizers to increase India ’s crop yields 168 percent within a decade .
This monumental achievement defused the bomb and earned Ehrlich the dismissive title of Malthusian : just one more in a line of pessimists forecasting phantom famines .
Ever since , the subject has been largely taboo .
Scientists from a variety of fields privately tell me the issue of overpopulation is simply too controversial — too inflamed with passions to get funded , too strong a magnet for ideologues .
Those who ’ve tackled it tell me of harassment , even physical threats , from a frightening fringe .
Take the near - civil war within the Sierra Club — whose former executive director , David Brower , originally suggested Ehrlich write The Population Bomb .
The Sierra Club had long supported population stabilization .
But started in the early 1990s , anti-immigration activists spurred by John Tanton — who controls an array of English - only , zero- immigration , and nativist groups — stealthily twice attempted to take over the board .
Perhaps naively , some Sierra Club stalwarts concerned with population joined their cause .
The battle lasted for a decade , culminating when Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center ran for Sierra ’s board in an effort to expose Tanton ’s true agenda — and the fact that one of his groups had accepted money from white supremacists .
Ehrlich ’s NGO Zero Population Growth then parted ways with Tanton ( a past president ) , renamed itself the Population Connection , and embraced an end - poverty - to - curb - population approach .
Ehrlich and his wife Anne , a conservation biologist , also left the board of Tanton ’s Federation for American Immigration Reform .
Yet the scars between environmentalists and the development community are only beginning to heal .
“ When you talk about population , ” says Larry Fahn , Sierra Club president during some of the bitterest infighting , “ the immigration people come out of the woodwork with their hate mongering .
It ’s unfortunate that the subject brings out a racist agenda . ”
Abortion is even more toxically associated with population debates .
“ Many conservation and nongovernmental organizations that run on member support , even the big ones , shy away from the population issue , ” says Ed Barry of the Population Institute in Washington , DC , a nonprofit founded in 1969 by a United Methodist Church minister .
“ That ’s because it puts their funding at risk .
Even if you ’re talking about population as a sustainability issue , there ’s often an automatic assumption you ’ll be talking about abortion . ”
Voiced or not , addressed or not , the problem of overpopulation has not gone away .
The miracle of the Green Revolution , which fed billions and provided the world a sense of limitless hope , also disguised four ominous truths about earth ’s limits .
First , the revolution ’s most effective agents , chemical fertilizers of nitrogen and phosphorus , are destined to run out , along with the natural resources used to produce them .
Second , the fertilizers , pesticides , and herbicides that grew the food that enabled our enormous population growth in the 20th century bore expensive downstream costs in the form of polluted land , water , and air that now threaten life .
Third , crop yields today are holding stubbornly stable and even beginning to fall in some places , despite increasing fertilizer use , in soils oversaturated with nitrogen .
The Green Revolution ’s duplicitous harvest — giving life with one hand , robbing life - support with the other — also masked a fourth ominous truth .
We ’re running out of topsoil , tossing it to the wind via mechanized agriculture and losing it to runoff and erosion .
Geomorphologist David Montgomery , author of Dirt : The Erosion of Civilizations and 2008 recipient of a MacArthur “ genius ” fellowship , calculates that human activities are eroding topsoil 10 times faster than it can be replenished .
“ Just when we need more soil to feed the 10 billion people of the future , ” he says , “ we ’ll actually have less — only a quarter of an acre of cropland per person in 2050 , versus the half - acre we use today on the most efficient farms . ”
Plus there ’s little new land to bring into production : “ We could , with crippling environmental costs , raze the Amazonian rainforests and reap 5 to 10 years of crops before the tropical soils failed .
But the fertile prairies of the Midwest , northern China , and northern Europe are already plowed to capacity and shrinking . ”
In India , the problem of peak soil is already acute .
Nearly a quarter of its lands , more than 314,000 square miles , are desert or in the process of becoming desert , according to a recent Indian government report .
Desertification will double India ’s current water usage by 2030 , as more water is rerouted to irrigate an increasingly drier landscape to grow rice , wheat , and sugar for an increasing population , including the growing demands of a growing middle class .
McKinsey & Co. , the global management consulting firm , forecasts severe deficits in water — and , by default , food — in India by 2030 .
Combine peak oil and peak topsoil with global warming , and a study in the peer - reviewed journal Science predicts a 20 to 30 percent decline in crop yields in the next 80 years .
Alarmingly , the process of photosynthesis itself declines precipitously as temperatures rise above 86 degrees Fahrenheit , making it increasingly difficult to maintain — let alone increase — crop yields .
( The European heat wave of 2003 that killed up to 50,000 people also slashed crop harvests by as much as 36 percent . )
Rising temperatures and the resulting drier landscapes will put our major food crops in the lower latitudes ( including all of India ) at risk in the near future .
“ I grow increasingly concerned that we have not yet understood what it will take to feed a growing population on a warming planet , ” says Penn State biologist and lead author Nina Fedoroff .
Furthermore , India ’s “ atmospheric brown cloud ” — the smog that fouls the subcontinent between monsoons — could undermine crop yields by up to 40 percent .
Not only is there more smog in Asia , but Asian crops appear more sensitive to smog than crops in North America or Europe , even crops of the same variety .
No one knows why .
The UN calculates that 36 million die of hunger and malnutrition every year — a person every second , mostly women and children .
Famine is no phantom , and history may yet remember Paul Ehrlich as the premature prophet , not the false one , his predictions off by decades rather than degree .
JUST AS THE festival of Durga Puja ends , another winds up .
Kali Puja is Kolkata ’s other favorite celebration of a goddess , this one the violent agent of change for whom the city is named .
The flower business is exploding at Malik Ghat , the city ’s oldest wholesale flower market .
Hundreds of vendors , buyers , and tokriwallahs ( basket carriers ) shuffle through the narrow lanes overflowing with miles of garlands of orange and yellow marigolds , and tons of red hibiscus , white gardenias , greenery .
Squeezed into the crowds , I ’m a head taller than many people , and far taller than some , though I measure only 5 feet 8 inches .
Many of the people around me are tiny and slight , even the men , with delicate bones in wrists and ankles , as if they could , like birds , take flight .
Here and there a fat , wealthy matron appears , plowing through the crowd like an errant iceberg riding a deeper , faster current , her sari glittering with woven gold .
I ’m struck by how some of us are literally siphoning the flesh and blood from the rest of us , segregating ourselves into beings so calorically and structurally different that paleontologists of the distant future might well classify our fossilized skeletons as separate species .
The problem is long in the making .
Ever since Homo sapiens invented agriculture , we ’ve sported super - prolific birth rates , counterbalanced by brutishly short life expectancies averaging a mere 10 years .
We bred and died in boom cycles busted by famines , natural disasters , diseases , and violence .
Beginning around 500 AD , we suffered centuries of bust , ravaged by the Black Death and its piggybacking disasters sweeping west from Asia — the last check on our growth .
Nothing since then , not the lethal 20th century , with two world wars , an influenza pandemic , and the emergence of HIV / AIDS , has reversed our growth .
( See chart above . )
Driven by inescapable biology that seduces us with the joys of sex , we populate , and then some .
We plan our families .
Or we do n’t .
Two hundred million women have no access whatsoever to contraception , contributing to the one in four unplanned births worldwide and the 50 million pregnancies aborted each year , half of them performed clandestinely , killing 68,000 women in the process .
As for the conventional wisdom that poor rural couples actively plan to have large families because of high child mortality or to provide for their care in old age , not true , says John Guillebaud , emeritus professor of family planning and reproductive health at University College , London .
Instead , poor people have large families simply because they , like most of us , have sex many , many times in their lifetimes and some of those times , or even all of those times , they do not have , or do not use , contraceptives , or their contraceptives fail .
“ For a fertile couple , nothing is easier , ” says Guillebaud .
Ecologists tended to frame the population issue as people vs. nature , while human rights activists found this analysis to be simplistic and even racist .
Planned or not , wanted or not , 139 million new people are added every year : more than an entire Japan , nearly an entire Russia , minus the homelands and the resources to go along with them .
Countered against the 56 million deaths annually , our world gains 83 million extra people every year , the equivalent of another Iran .
That ’s 1.6 million more humans alive this week than last week and 227,000 more people today than yesterday — all needing food , water , homes , and medicine for an average lifespan of 69 years .
We are asking our world to supply an additional 2.1 trillion human - days of life support every single year .
Eventually , most of these 83 million new people added every year will have kids , too .
Understood or not , the exponential growth model — also known as the Malthusian growth model — runs in the background , amplifying our childbearing choices .
In a new twist on the downstream effects , statistician Paul Murtaugh of Oregon State University decided to investigate the environmental price tag of a baby .
“ Suddenly we can gauge our carbon emissions from all kinds of lifestyle choices , like cars , appliances , and airplane flights , ” he says .
“ But there ’s no calculator computing the carbon emissions of a child — and her children , and her children . ”
( Murtaugh ran the statistical analysis on mothers , because following lineages of both parents was computationally prohibitive . )
“ The results surprised me , ” he says .
“ Using United Nations projections of fertility , and projecting statistically through the lifespan of the mother ’s line — some lineages being short - lived , others indefinitely long — an American child born today adds an average 10,407 tons of carbon dioxide to the carbon legacy of her mother .
That ’s almost six times more CO 2 than the mother ’s own lifetime emissions .
Furthermore , the ecological costs of that child and her children far outweigh even the combined energy - saving choices from all a mother ’s other good decisions , like buying a fuel - efficient car , recycling , using energy - saving appliances and lightbulbs .
The carbon legacy of one American child and her offspring is 20 times greater than all those other sustainable maternal choices combined . ”
( See chart [ “ Little Bundle of Carbon ” ] . )
Murtaugh ’s research shows that even though India has a much larger population and a higher rate of population growth than the US , its overall carbon legacy is vastly reduced , due to its population ’s drastically lower levels of consumption combined with shorter lifespans ( 63.8 years on average for India , versus 80.2 years for the US ) .
At current rates , an American child has 55 times the carbon legacy of a child born to a family in India .
While India is conservatively predicted to grow by 400 million people by 2050 , the US is projected to grow by 86 million .
But take those additional Americans and factor in their 55 - times - higher carbon legacy ( at current national consumption rates ) , and they will equal the legacy of 4.7 billion Indians .
“ The irony , ” says Ramdas of the Global Fund for Women , “ is that just as some Americans are starting to learn to live more like traditional Indians — becoming vegetarian , buying locally , eating organic — aspiring middle - class Indians are trying to live more like overconsuming Americans .
The question really is , which kind of people do we want less of ? ”
FROM HER MODEST apartment off Elliot Road in old Calcutta in the 1930s and ’ 40s , my impoverished , generous , gregarious , and free - thinking grandmother was a go - to authority for girls or women in trouble .
They visited her in secrecy , teary or resolute , alone or with a mother , sister , or friend towing them by the hand .
The problem was a boyfriend or a husband or too many children or a secret affair or incest .
The solution lay in my grandmother ’s rare network of connections spanning the Eurasian , Indian , and British communities .
She listened and consoled , scolded as she deemed fit , then advised where to go , who to see , and how to come up with the money for a survivable abortion .
Like most Eurasians in India , my grandmother was forced to live outside both Indian and British societies , compelled to leave home and earn wages long before either British or Indian women — in effect , pioneering a vast course change that would span the breadth of the 20th century and beyond .
The three of six children that my grandmother lost to early deaths were part of the seesawing changes between fertility and mortality that saw India ’s population quadruple between 1901 and 2001 .
Looking back now , we can see that India ’s population course in the 20th century took a surprisingly predictable path — because we know what Thomas Robert Malthus could not know : that nations wend through multiple stages of a demographic transition on their way to and through industrialization .
Until the late 18th century , everyone everywhere subsisted in the nasty , brutish , and short conditions of stage one : extremely high birth rates coupled with extremely high death rates , resulting in slow population growth .
Malthus himself lived through Britain ’s stage two : the onset of urbanization and industrialization and a true population explosion , as birth rates leveled but death rates plunged dramatically .
Stage two first occurred in northern Europe and was spawned ( ironically , despite Malthus ’ fears ) by more and better food : the superior nutrition of corn and potatoes imported from the Americas , and an agricultural revolution brought on by scientific advances in farming .
Stage two was also triggered by a revolution in our understanding of disease , which led to better handling of water , sewage , food , and ourselves .
The primary driver behind this new science of hygiene was increased literacy among women , who wrote and read health - education pamphlets , and who managed the daily cleanliness of families and hospitals .
The ripple of change that comes from empowering women — what some call the ‘ the girl effect ’— is uniting the once - divided conservation and human rights communities .
India today is navigating stage three , as fertility rates drop closer to death rates .
Stage three includes a contraceptive revolution , different in every time and place : in Europe 200 years ago , a revolution of coitus interruptus and condoms ; in India today , birth control pills and , often , sterilization after the first son is born .
This pivotal phase coincides with profound cultural changes , as women end their isolation in the home to enter the workplace and network with other women .
Wage - earning women claim more responsibility for childbearing and child - rearing decisions , leading to a revolution in children ’s lives , as the decision is made to pay for schooling — a costly choice necessitating smaller families .
This choice is strongly influenced by female literacy , since women who can read even slightly are more likely to send their daughters to school .
In India today , 75 percent of men are literate , compared to only 54 percent of women — one of the most lopsided ratios among newly industrialized nations .
The statistic corresponds directly to fertility .
In the state of Bihar , next door to West Bengal , where literacy falls below the national average — to 60 percent for males and 33 percent for females — the total fertility rate swings up to four children per woman .
Conversely , the southern Indian state of Kerala , which boasts 94 percent male literacy and 88 percent female literacy , has reached a below - replacement - rate fertility that resembles the industrialized world ’s , at only 1.9 children per woman .
Whether we are a world of 8 , 9.1 , or 10.5 billion people in 2050 will be decided in no small part by the number of illiterate women on earth .
Of the more than 1 in 10 people who ca n’t read or write today , two - thirds are female .
Locate them , and you ’ll find an uncannily accurate roadmap of societal strife — of civil wars , foreign wars , the wars against reason embedded in religiosity , the wars against equality ingrained in patriarchal and caste systems .
Sheryl WuDunn , the Pulitzer Prize - winning coauthor ( along with her husband , New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof ) of Half the Sky : Turning Oppression Into Opportunity for Women Worldwide , explains : “ When women are educated , they tend to marry later in life , to have children later in life , and to have fewer children .
In effect , you have a form of population control that ’s peaceful , voluntary , and efficient .
Plus , educated women do better in business , raising economic growth rates , and lowering societal conflict .
If we could achieve universal literacy for women , we ’d have a much better shot at peace around the world . ”
India ’s literacy rates : 75 %
OF MALES
and 54 %
OF FEMALES
are the most lopsided rates among all newly industrialized countries .
Some call the power of empowering women “ the girl effect , ” and it is uniting the once - divided conservation and human rights communities in common cause .
A model of it , developed in Bangladesh and West Bengal , is beginning to ripple out through India ’s 565 million women .
I ’m chasing the tendrils of this through the outskirts of Bagnan in West Bengal , a farm town inhabiting the low - lying landscape between the Rupnarayan and Damodar rivers .
The countryside here has been sculpted by centuries of human use : seasonal wetlands excavated into a patchwork of rainwater ponds and rice paddies , the diggings compiled to afford a few feet of livable clearance above flood level .
I ’m trailing Soumitra Dutta , a physician and consultant to Freedom From Hunger , a California nonprofit at the forefront of grafting health care and education onto microloans .
Dutta , in turn , is trailing Trideep Roy and Nabanita Mondal , employees of a Bengali microlender , Bandhan ( “ togetherness ” ) .
We step over cloths full of drying rice , dodge foraging hens , duck under low - hanging laundry , weave between sleeping dogs , sidestep trails of hay edging the paths and the placid , dung - producing cows feeding on them .
We pass clusters of houses shared by extended or multiple families , each painted orange , red , or green .
On the walls , circular brown patties of cow dung , India ’s rural fuel source , are drying in the sun .
Each is imprinted with a woman ’s or child ’s slender fingerprints .
Topsoil is vanishing
10
TIMES
faster than it can be replenished , due to mechanized agriculture , runoff , and erosion .
We ’re welcomed at a small green house by Supta Halder , a tiny woman wearing a bright pink sari and an air of authority .
She ushers us into the back room of her two - room house and invites us to sit on the bed .
Five years ago , her family could not live in this room , she explains .
The roof leaked .
The walls were crumbling .
Nor could they farm a parcel of land inherited by her husband , a teacher .
Unable to adequately feed themselves , the family struggled with relentless poverty and poor health .
So it had been since time immemorial , and so it might have continued into the foreseeable future .
Except the plot took a twist in the form of a tiny loan of $ 42 offered in 2004 to Halder from Bandhan .
With that money , and with four subsequent loans eventually totaling $ 780 , Halder began to repair her house , more than doubling her usable square footage .
She reconditioned her husband ’s acre of land , building a pond for collecting monsoon water to farm fish and to water her new crops of rice and flowers .
She developed a business , buying wholesale saris in Kolkata , riding the train three hours each way , and bringing them home to sell to the women of Bagnan , many of whom were also receiving Bandhan loans , growing businesses , and finding themselves with the unfamiliar pleasure of disposable income .
Supta Halder estimates her age at 43 or 44 .
The fruits of her many labors are visible in this multipurpose room : the new television and VCR , the new bed frame — even her daughter - in - law , preparing us refreshments in the next room , married to Halder ’s son only a year ago , in a match likely facilitated by the improved prospects of the Halder family .
Halder ’s energy is barely contained within her small frame and the swirl of her sari .
In my world , she ’d probably be a CEO — or knocking herself out against the glass ceiling .
Her daughter - in - law offers us stainless - steel cups of water , elegantly presented on a tray .
I smile , then hesitate , stalled at the crossroad between etiquette and experience .
“ It ’s okay , ” Dutta assures me .
“ It ’s water from the tube well . ”
The nearby tube well delivers clean water from an underground aquifer via a hand pump — a fairly recent development in rural West Bengal , where people have traditionally drunk , bathed , and swum alongside their livestock in the ponds of monsoon water , unknowingly afflicting themselves with everything from chronic diarrhea to hookworm to dysentery to typhoid .
Halder has only recently begun using water from the tube well — thanks to a pilot program initiated by Freedom From Hunger .
“ When we investigated why women default on their microloans , ” says Marcia Metcalfe , FFH ’s director of microfinance and health protection , “ we discovered the problem was almost always due to a health crisis in the family .
Women will abandon their jobs and their loans to care for a sick family member .
Investigating further , we learned that many of these illnesses were preventable or easily curable .
So we began to design a program to treat those problems . ”
Two years ago , Halder received a health education course funded by FFH and staffed by Bandhan .
Since then , she ’s trained her family to use tube - well water for drinking , washing the dishes , and rinsing themselves after bathing in the pond .
( Although half the tube wells in West Bengal are contaminated with unsafe levels of arsenic — caused by irrigation and the rainwater ponds —
Halder ’s tube well is clean .
For others , the answer to clean , safe water lies in different pumping techniques or in deeper wells . )
Halder has also used some of her loan money to build a sanitary pit toilet , replacing the ancient rural custom of fertilizing the fields after dark .
She ’s taught the family to wear sandals to the toilet to prevent hookworm infestation — its iron - deficiency anemia is a contributing factor in maternal and child death here — and to wash their hands afterward .
Bandhan ’s microloan program has helped :
2
MILLION
Indian women climb out of poverty .
22.6
MILLION
Indians overall received microloans last year .
These modest changes have transformed chronic sickness into good health that ’s rippled far beyond the family ’s two rooms .
Halder explained the basics of sanitation to her own siblings and her three married daughters in distant villages , all of whom changed their own families ’ ways .
Her neighbors noticed the Halders ’ improved health and followed the lead , and the hygienic revolution rippled outward .
“ We even wondered about our cows , ” says Halder .
“ They were emaciated from diarrhea .
So we gave them tube - well water and now they ’re healthy , too . ”
The water in my steel mug at Supta Halder ’s house is flavored with isabgol , the psyllium seed husks traditionally used as a digestive aid in India — the same ingredient in Metamucil , recognizable by the sweet taste and slightly slimy texture .
I smile , silently toasting Supta Halder ’s achievements with a glass of laxative .
Halder was recently elected sastho sohayika ( “ health helper ” ) by her fellow Bandhan loan recipients .
This is a new role in the village and another FFH health initiative , designed by Dutta and implemented through Bandhan .
As a sastho sohayika , Halder has been trained to assess the basic medical needs of her fellow villagers .
Government care is available .
But the nearest clinic is miles away , and hospitals are even farther .
Trideep Roy , assistant manager for the Bandhan health program in Bagnan , explains that rural villagers rarely know when their condition warrants a trip to the clinic .
Furthermore , families will usually pay for medical care only for the man of the family — even though women of childbearing age and beyond , as well as children , tend to need care more frequently .
Supta Halder is on call around the clock .
If a patient needs more than she can provide , she contacts Nabanita Mondal , a Bandhan health care officer , who oversees 30 sastho sohayika and is trained to refer patients to the government system .
Halder does n’t earn any money as a sastho sohayika .
Instead , she has access to a small pharmacy of common health care products — antacids , aspirin , oral rehydration solution , deworming medication , antibacterial soap , and birth control pills — which she sells to patients for a small profit .
These products are available at government health clinics , often for free .
But the clinic is far and often unreliable : closed when it ’s supposed to be open , or plagued by empty shelves .
Halder ’s home visits also allow women to shop in private — like an Avon lady with contraceptives .
Halder says the sastho sohayika position has increased her standing with her family and in the community , although she ’s aware that if she makes a wrong call the consequences to her reputation , even her well - being , could be serious .
Nevertheless , she loves her work .
When I ask how these changes of the past five years — the loans , the jobs , the income , the health care expertise — have changed her family life , Halder offers a concise answer , which Dutta translates as “ much better . ”
Asked what her husband thinks of all the changes , she smiles and says he ’s very happy with their new life .
THE UPSTAIRS classroom in Bagnan ’s Goalberia Primary School is crowded with colors so clashing they harmonize : Chrome yellows , turquoises , fuchsias , fire - engine reds , and iridescent greens adorn the saris and shirts draped on some 50 women and children .
The people gathered here are so restless , nervous , and shy , hidden behind such bright fluttery fabrics , that I feel as if I ’ve stepped into a room full of exotic butterflies .
This is a Muslim community in Bagnan .
Many of the women here are recipients of Bandhan loans .
As is often the case , the forum coincides with the due date on loan repayments — since this is the day every month these women gather anyway ( though all are welcome at the health forum , male or female ) .
The women are eager and attentive , focusing on today ’s lesson taught by Nabanita Mondal — a pretty young mother wearing stylish eyeglasses and a salwar kameez , the long tunic and pants that constitute the working uniform of modern Indian women .
The lecture is the 20th of 24 , and the first of a two - part series on HIV / AIDS .
“ Who knows about this disease ? ” Mondal asks .
Only five women raise their hands — although one young woman stands to deliver a comprehensive lecture in a confident voice .
Soumitra Dutta , translating for me , is impressed by her knowledge and asks where she learned this .
At the hospital , she says .
Today ’s lesson is taught with a single tool , a drop - down poster with five cartoon images , designed for those who are illiterate .
The drawings depict an infected man alongside an identical - looking uninfected man , the insides of a human body with a man firing an assault rifle at cells , a gaunt patient in a hospital bed , a naked man and woman in bed , and a composite image of a hypodermic needle , a blood transfusion , and a mother breastfeeding .
These lectures are Dutta ’s brainchild , designed during a hard year of field testing with FFH and Bandhan resources .
The curriculum covers everything from birth control to pre- and postnatal care , breastfeeding , child nutrition , maternal nutrition , and hygiene .
He confesses he was worried when he heard that Trideep Roy and Nabanita Mondal would be bringing me to Goalberia to see his program in action , worried the women might be too shy to be responsive .
But it ’s clear these mothers , wives , sisters , and daughters — initially so distracted by my presence , and now focused powerfully on the lesson — are hungry for this education .
Dutta tells me that Bandhan recently opened an office in the extremely poor , densely populated , and predominantly Muslim city of Murshidabad , 120 miles from here , where female literacy is only 36 percent , the fertility rate is around 10 , says Dutta , and child labor and malnutrition are rife .
The services provided by the FFH / Bandhan symbiosis — the loans , the visits of a sastho sohayika , the health forums — may be the only means for these women to gain any control over their futures .
“ Even though oral contraceptives are available for free or nearly free in Indian public health centers , ” says FFH ’s Metcalfe , “ Bandhan health officers sell to more women in their homes than the government reaches .
This is particularly true for Muslim women , whose lives may be more limited than Hindu women , and for whom privacy is an intensely important issue . ”
“ Already it ’s working , ” adds Dutta .
“ And if it can work in Murshidabad , it can work anywhere . ”
The plunge in Iran ’s birth rates has been swift , uniform , and voluntary — engineered via a media blitz , access to free birth control , and education for girls .
THE BEST FAMILY plans , the best intentions of any woman , can be waylaid by her government , since politics control fertility with godlike powers .
In 2003 , the predominantly Catholic Philippines bowed to church demands to support only “ natural family planning ” — otherwise known as the rhythm method , and grimly referred to as Vatican roulette .
( See “ Close Your Eyes and Think of Rome . ” )
The Filipino government no longer provides contraceptives for poor Filipinas , and government clinics no longer distribute donated contraceptives , including the wealth of modern birth control once provided by the US Agency for International Development .
( Filipina Health Secretary Esperanza Cabral , however , continues defiantly to distribute free condoms to combat rising HIV infection rates . )
Today more than half of all pregnancies in the Philippines are unplanned — 10 percent more than a decade ago .
In a first - of - its kind study in the Philippines , the Guttmacher Institute calculates that easy access to contraception would reduce those births by 800,000 and abortions by half a million a year .
Furthermore , it would deliver a net savings to the government on the order of $ 16.5 million a year in reduced health costs from unwanted pregnancies , including the brutal medical consequences of illegal back - alley abortions .
Iran ’s fertility rate :
7
IN 1980
1.7
TODAY
In Iran , the fertility pendulum has gone the other way in recent years .
From a high of 7.7 in 1966 , total fertility fell to 6 during the Shah ’s reign , spiked to 7 during the Islamic Revolution ( when marriage became legal for 12 - year - old boys and 9 - year - old girls ) , then plummeted 50 percent between 1988 and 1996 , continuing down to 1.7 today .
That plunge , known as the “ Iranian miracle , ” was one of the most rapid fertility declines ever recorded .
Iran ’s demographic reversal was swift , uniform , and voluntary .
Women of all childbearing ages in urban and rural parts of the country simply began to have smaller families practically overnight .
Demographer Mohammad Jalal Abbasi -Shavazi of the University of Tehran writes that the feat was engineered through a mobilization between government and media : Information was broadcast nationwide about the value of small families , followed up with education about birth control , implemented with free contraceptives .
Progressive social measures further primed Iran : increasing public education for girls ( today more than 60 percent of Iranian university students are women ) ; a new health care system ; access to electricity , safe water , transportation , and communication .
Similar fertility reversals have occurred in Costa Rica , Cuba , South Korea , Taiwan , Thailand , Tunisia , and Morocco — as quickly as in China but minus the brutal one - child policy .
The United States , plagued by its own ping - pong policy , has been little help .
Beginning with Ronald Reagan in 1984 , the “ global gag rule , ” also known as the Mexico City Policy , prohibited US funding of any foreign family planning organizations providing abortions .
The gag rule barred the discussion of abortion or any critique of unsafe abortions , even if these medical services were implemented with the group ’s own money ( a ruling that would have been unconstitutional in the US ) .
Bill Clinton rescinded the policy in 1993 , but George W. Bush reinstated it in 2001 , and before Barack Obama could rescind it again , the flow of aid to developing countries slowed or even stopped , eviscerating health care and severely undermining family planning efforts in at least 26 developing nations , primarily in Africa .
Joanna Nerquaye - Tetteh , former executive director of the Planned Parenthood Association of Ghana , testified before Congress in 2004 on the policy ’s effects in her country .
“ The gag rule completely disrupted decades of investment in building up health care services , ” she said .
“ We could n’t provide contraceptives and services to nearly 40,000 women who had formerly used our services .
We saw within a year a rise in sexually transmitted infections and more women coming to our clinics for post - abortion care as a result of unsafe abortions . ”
Although it ’s unclear how many babies were added to the human family as a result of the global gag rule , the UN estimates that at its height in 2005 , the unmet demand for contraceptives and family planning drove up fertility rates between 15 and 35 percent in Latin America , the Caribbean , the Arab states , Asia , and Africa — a whole generation of unplanned Bush babies .
IN AN UPSCALE Kolkata suburb , I meet with Chandra Shekhar Ghosh , founder and chairman of Bandhan , a tall man with crooked eyeglasses and a straightforward smile .
He speaks quietly of his father , a hardworking Bengali who owned a sweet shop that prospered modestly in good times and was among the first to suffer in bad times .
“ My mother did not work outside the home and could not help financially when times got tough , ” he says .
“ From a young age , I realized the inflexibility of this model in an ever - changing world and vowed to change it . ”
Sitting in with us is one of his finance managers , Maneeta Rathore , a bubbly young woman who shares the same devotional enthusiasm I saw among the staff in Bandhan ’s field office in Bagnan , where Trideep Roy , Nabanita Mondal , and the loan officers work and live during the week .
Many Bandhan staff members are stationed so far from home that they manage to return to their families only once or twice a month .
Nevertheless ,
Ghosh ’s people wear an aura of pride and purpose and a happiness not the norm among taciturn Bengalis , the New Yorkers of India .
When Ghosh opened the first Bandhan branch office in 2002 in Bagnan , he slept on the floor for months at a time , Soumitra Dutta tells me .
Maneeta Rathore says
Ghosh could n’t get a single banker to listen to him back then , and now they ’re knocking at his door .
In only eight years , he has grown his hope for the poor from a single field office in Bagnan to more than a thousand field offices serving more than 2 million female clients in 14 Indian states .
Two years ago , Forbes magazine voted Bandhan the No. 2 microfinance institute in the world based on size , efficiency , risk , and return .
Ghosh is not the original microloan pioneer .
That credit goes to Bangladeshi Muhammad Yunus , who founded Grameen ( “ villages ” ) Bank in 1983 .
His revolutionary model was to loan to the unloanable poor — notably women — who lacked collateral , enabling them to develop their own businesses and free themselves from poverty .
This radical innovation won Yunus the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 .
Empirical studies now support his intuition of 27 years ago : Women make better loan recipients than men if your aim is to increase family well - being .
Compared to men’s loans , women ’s loans double family income and increase child survival twentyfold .
Ghosh is bringing this program into the 21st century by adding the health forums and the sastho sohayika program , as well as an initiative called Targeting the Hard Core Poor , aimed at those who ca n’t meet the requirements for a microloan .
“ These are the homeless and the downtrodden , ” he says .
“ The widows with children who beg for a living and who have no resources and no confidence .
Rather than money , we give them an asset , a milk goat or cow or a roadside tea stall .
We guide them through about 18 months of business development before they graduate into the microloan program . ”
At the outset of our meeting , Ghosh makes a point of telling me there is no peace in money , no peace when others suffer , but peace only when everyone shares in it .
When I ask if he imagines expanding his help for the poor beyond India , he says yes , but wo n’t reveal where .
I suggest he try the US , likewise home to impoverished people unable to procure credit or health care — people whom no one believes in .
He blinks , surprised .
Then giggles .
IT ’S DARK AT 4:30 in the morning near Darjeeling , the city of tea in the Himalayas .
Nevertheless , 2,000 people are gathered at 8,500 feet atop Tiger Hill awaiting the cold sunrise .
The crowd , milling in the dark , sipping chai from tiny throwaway plastic cups , speaks more than a few of India ’s 1,600 dialects and wears more than a few of its traditional clothes mashed up with western sweaters , counterfeit “ North Phase ” parkas , and hiking boots .
The department of tourism has built a pavilion on Tiger Hill for viewing the sunrise .
Its three stories provide an apt metaphor for one version of our future world .
The top floor , the “ super deluxe lounge with complimentary tea , ” is enclosed within glass picture windows ideal for viewing .
It seats about 50 people , or 2.5 percent of the crowd , in pink plush chairs and sofas , at a cost of 40 rupees ( 87 cents ) to enter .
The other two floors , which make up the “ deluxe ” lounge , charge half as much to house four times as many people , about 10 percent of the crowd , at a fraction of the comfort level and without the free tea .
The remaining 1,750 people — 87.5 percent — pay 5 rupees ( 10 cents ) to stand outside in the cold .*
Perhaps somewhere out in the shivering crowd is a Supta Halder or two — a lucky , hardworking woman who ’s benefited from the help and education she ’s received .
Her descendants will prosper , perhaps enough to watch the sunrise from the deluxe lounge .
Fed better in childhood , they will grow taller and live longer .
Better educated , they will have fewer children , whom they will also educate and who will marry later , also to bear fewer , taller , plumper , longer - living offspring .
The best 21st - century contraceptive is a Yunusian device , a microloan .
The paradox embedded in our future is that the fastest way to slow our population growth is to reduce poverty , yet the fastest way to run out of resources is to increase wealth .
The business of microloans is growing exponentially .
Between March 2008 and March 2009 , 22.6 million people in India received them , 60 percent more than a year earlier , despite the worst global recession since the Great Depression .
This innovative approach to development is rewriting the demographics of poverty .
It ’s also selling the loan recipients bigger ecological shoes — televisions , VCRs , larger homes , cars — though they ’re still nowhere near the size of Western shoes .
Rajendra Pachauri , cowinner of a Nobel Prize for his chairmanship of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , warns that India ’s growing population can’t afford increased consumption levels .
“ We ca n’t support lifestyles even remotely like those in Europe and North America , ” he says .
“ We need policy initiatives to assure this does n’t happen .
But the movement has to take place in both hemispheres .
Awareness has to be raised in both the East and the West to deglamorize unsurvivable consumerism . ”
On the top floor of the Tiger Hill Pavilion , the people in the super deluxe lounge are sipping their complimentary tea .
Among them are Indians who have returned from abroad , a few Europeans , Australians , and North Americans — the representatives of the fourth stage of the model of demographic transition , where population is stable and aging .
In most industrialized countries , fertility has fallen below replacement level and population is declining .
Many aging nations introduce pro-natalist policies , so - called baby bonuses designed to keep their retired populace comfortably retired , supported by younger , working people .
It ’s an effective strategy .
“ But it ’s nutty , ” says Paul Ehrlich .
“ These highest - consuming populations are exactly the ones we need to allow to naturally shrink . ”
As of 2005 , women in
18
of the
24
WEALTHIEST
NATIONS
were having more babies than in previous years .
Nobody knows why .
Meanwhile , somewhere in the super deluxe lounge may be a person or two representing a trend that ’s taken demographers by surprise .
It ’s the unexpected emergence of what appears to be a fifth stage in the demographic transition , a development important enough to warrant another paper in the preeminent scientific journal , Nature .
This fifth stage is upending a key tenet of social science : that increasing wealth , education , and gender equality invariably and irreversibly trigger a decline in fertility and a smaller population .
Instead , demographers have discovered that in 18 of the 24 most highly developed countries — the US , Denmark , Germany , Spain , Norway , the Netherlands , Belgium , Luxembourg , Finland , Israel , Italy , Sweden , France , Iceland , the UK , New Zealand , Greece , and Ireland ( the exceptions : Japan , Canada , Australia , Austria , Switzerland , and South Korea ) — fertility has flipped .
As of 2005 , women in these countries were having more children than in previous years — stalling out their nation ’s straightforward decline in fertility ( though birth rates still remain below replacement rates ) .
This small but important fertility increase is good news for those who worry about Social Security deficits , but bad news for those who worry about societal security on a planet with finite resources .
The study leaves the causes unaddressed , leaving us to wonder :
What portion is due to the cultural norms of new immigrants ?
Or to abstinence education ?
The only known correlates are the highest levels of economic and social development .
Perhaps the core question is , how much has our silence around population growth contributed to the emergence of this fifth demographic stage ?
Even in rich nations , most families calculate the costs of each child in their household budget — in the size of their house , the need for quality child care , and college costs .
So would these same families make different decisions if they were calculating the costs of each child in their ( equally limited ) planetary budget — in the costs of clean air , water , and adequate food for all ?
Four decades ago , Norman Borlaug warned in his Nobel acceptance speech that his Green Revolution would grant only a temporary respite from the issue of our own population : “ There can be no permanent progress in the battle against hunger until the agencies that fight for increased food production and those that fight for population control unite in a common effort . ”
In the next 40 years , as we add somewhere between 1 and nearly 4 billion more people , as at least some of these newcomers achieve a deservedly better standard of living , the challenges to survival will become daunting — not just for the people of India but for people everywhere .
The paradox embedded in our future is that the fastest way to slow our population growth is to reduce poverty , yet the fastest way to run out of resources is to increase wealth .
The trial ahead is to strike the delicate compromise : between fewer people , and more people with fewer needs … all within a new economy geared toward sustainability .
Perhaps this is the sixth stage in our demographic maturity : the transition from 20th - century family planning to 21st - century civilizational planning .
The shift may seem daunting , but some of it ’s already happening .
Birth rates continue to fall .
And slowly but surely our focus converges as we realize that our common future is entwined with the fate of this small world .
On Tiger Hill at dawn , the people in the crowd — inside and out — are awarded the same prize .
A vision appears above the blue mountains of tea and cedar .
At 28,000 feet — nearly five miles — above us , the five peaks of Kangchenjunga , the world ’s third - highest mountain , broadcast the sunrise minutes before it reaches us .
The snows convert from gold to silver to pink with blue shadows .
Kangchenjunga means “ the five treasures of snows ” and is said to house the five treasuries of God : gold , silver , gemstones , grains , and the holy books — as good a metaphor as any for the life - giving vault of earth .
The onlookers cheer .
A hundred cameras flash .
The alchemy lasts a moment , people melding with mountain and each other , before the fog rolls in and parts us again .
Correction :
This figure has been changed to correct an error in conversion .
Reningsverket PETL i Indiska Hyderbad , ett av landets läkemedelscentrum , släpper ut 45 kilo per dygn av ett det svårnedbrytbara antibiotikaslaget ciprofloxacin .
Det är fem gånger mer än hela den svenska konsumtionen per dygn , 9 kilo , av samma antibiotikum .
Det här är ett av resultaten från mätningar och beräkningar som svenska forskare gjort av läkemedelsrester i det renade vattnet vid reningsverket .
Halterna i det renade vattnet låg en miljon gånger högre än vid svenska reningsverk , och är högre än vad en patient som behandlas med medicinen har i blodet .
Ett glas vatten från det renande vattnet skulle allts å ställa den törstige på en rejäl antibiotikakur .
Sett i ljuset av hotet om antibiotikaresistens är detta mycket allvarligt .
Den indiska exemplet tas upp i en utredning som svenska Läkemedelsverket lämnade till regeringen i vintras .
Resistens är ett av de största folkhälsoproblem i vår tid , och risken är att utsläppen från läkemedelsindustrin driver på utvecklingen och spridningen av resistenta bakterier , skriver Läkemedelsverket .
Även läkemedel på den svenska marknaden innehåller substanser som tillverkas av just de företag som skickar sitt processvatten till reningsverket i Hyderabad .
Men trots miljö - och hälsoriskerna har frågan om utsläpp från läkemedelsindustrin inte kommit upp på bordet , i alla fall inte utanför Sverige .
Här har Läkmedelsverket i Uppsala sedan ett par år fått i sin instruktion från regeringen att arbeta ” samlande , stödjande och pådrivande ” i miljöfr ågor kopplade till myndighetens arbete , och i december presenterade verket en rad förslag till regeringen för att skärpa miljökraven vid läkemedelstillverkning .
2008 anställdes Charlotte Unger som miljöchef på Läkemedelsverket .
Hon och generaldirektören Christina Åkerman är helt nyligen hemkommna från USA där de arrangerat samtal mellan bland andra företrädare för amerikanska myndigheter , läkemedelsindustrin och forskare .
Tidigare i år besökte de Indien med folkhälsominister Maria Larsson , och just nu planeras en resa till Shanghai under världsutställningen i höst och kontakter med Brasilien .
– Ett problem är att aktörerna inte pratar med varandra , nätverken mellan dem som har kunskap om läkemedel och dem som har kunskap om hälso - och miljörisker finns inte .
Det har vi försökt att skapa , säger Charlotte Unger .
En förklaring till att ingen insett allvaret kan vara att miljökonsekvenserna hamnat i skuggan av medicinernas goda effekter .
Exempelvis kan inte miljöskäl vägas in i EU - myndigheternas beslut om ett godkännande av ett nytt läkemedel .
– Miljöfrågor är något relativt nytt för läkemedelssidan , det syns inte minst på vår gemensamma EU - lagstiftning .
I EU har frågan helt enkelt inte varit prioriterad , säger Charlotte Unger , som menar att det här , liksom många andra miljöfrågor , visar hur korttänkta vi människor ofta är .
– Vi orkar inte alltid tänka långsiktigt och ta in sådana risker .
Men vi är mycket nöjda med de internationella mötena .
Jag är absolut optimist , säger Charlotte Unger .
En positiv förändring är att läkemedelsfrågorna i fortsättningen ska hanteras som en hälsofråga inom EU - byråkratin , i stället för som tidigare en industrifråga .
Enligt Charlotte
Unger kommer det ge en ökad förståelse för att en god folkhälsa är beroende av en frisk miljö .
I Sverige kommer de läkemedelsrester som finns i miljön framförallt dit genom avloppsvattnet , från urin och fekalier , eller genom läkemedel spolas ned i toaletten .
– Man ska lämna in sina gamla läkemedel till apoteken , säger Charlotte Unger .
Thanks to Leo for pointing out that the WSJ's Jon Hilsenrath has reported that the Fed is considering reopening swap lines with central banks , likely in conjunction with the rumored rescue package .
This is the news that shot the market up in the last 10 minutes of trading as the Fed would never allow the market to close at the days lows , as it was preparing to do .
" Apparently New York Fed President Dudley and Vice Chair Don Kohn are in Basel this weekend for an already scheduled meeting with European central bankers .
A Sunday announcement seems like a growing possibility . "
Lehman weekends are back baby .
And with that , we are paging Alan Grayson , who personally had a thing or two to tell the Fed lunatic about bailing out the world ever again without getting prior approval first .
Wi-Fi is about to lay claim to a new frequency band that could result in speeds at least 10 times faster than what 's currently available .
An agreement between the Wi-Fi Alliance and the Wireless Gigabit Alliance will let the Wi-Fi Alliance carve out specs and standards to support Wi-Fi operation in the 60 - GHz frequency band in a bid to make Wi -Fi faster .
By contrast , Wi-Fi today operates in the 2.4 - GHz and 5 - GHz bands .
" Today 's Wi-Fi speeds are measured in the low hundreds of megabits per second , " says Edgar Figueroa , executive director of the Wi-Fi Alliance .
" The 60 - GHz band allows for significant boost in performance , so we are talking about speeds in the gigabits per second range . "
Wireless Standards & Data Speeds
802.11g Wi-Fi :
The basic and most widely used Wi-Fi connectivity offers speeds of up to 54 Mbps .
802.11n Wi-Fi :
The faster W - Fi standard it offers data transfer at up to 300 Mbps .
Standard Bluetooth : Most widely used between cellphones and headsets , it offers top transfer rate of about 3 Mbps .
Bluetooth 3.0 : The ' high - speed ' successor to standard Bluetooth , its top transfer rate hover around 24 Mbps .
Wireless USB : It can offer speeds of up to 110 Mbps at a range of 10 meters and 480 Mbps over a range of 3 meters .
Wireless HD : Aimed at HD video transfer it can offer speeds of up to 4 Gbps ( for 10 meters ) .
Theoretical speed can go up to 25 Gbps .
WiGig :
The newest kid on the block tantalizes with promise of speeds ranging from 1 Gbps to 6 Gbps .
__Zigbee : __This low - power wireless standard is for application__s that require low data transfer but quicker response time such as remote controls .
__
Specifically , the move to 60 GHz could allow for speeds in the range of 1 gigabits per second to 6 gbps , in contrast to today 's theoretical maximum of 150 Mbps for 802.11n .
" Wi - Fi in 60 GHz band could mean some compelling apps , such as those connecting your Blu-ray player to your TV or sharing uncompressed video in real time without any degradation , " says Figueroa .
With the proliferation of multimedia such as photos , home video and HD movies , consumers are looking for faster ways to transfer data that can also cut through the cable clutter .
Users who are hooked on Lost through Hulu or can't resist watching Lady Antebellum videos on YouTube currently have to hook up their computers to a TV through an HDMI cable .
Wi-Fi in the 60 - GHz band could be the first step toward helping consumers go truly wireless , says Xavier Ortiz , an analyst at ABI Research .
The drawback is that the higher frequency waves have much shorter range and wo n't go through walls well .
" The 60 GHz is like a beam of light – you have to have line of sight – but you can get multi - gigabit point - to point networking speeds with it , " he says .
The agreement between the Wi-Fi alliance and the Wi-Gig standard also helps two different standards to come together .
Earlier , the Wi-Gig alliance , which has been advocating the 60 - GHz band , had to work independently to get chip makers and gadgets manufacturers to get on board with its technology .
" Now we are going to rally the industry around a compelling subset of features and go through a process of testing compatibility and interoperability , " says Figueroa .
Still the new Wi - Fi frequency will have to find a way to work with other standards including Wireless HD and Zigbee to free consumers from being tethered to their devices .
Chip makers such as SiBeam have said they will try to find a way to make the Wi-Fi and WiGig chips compatible with Wireless HD .
Figueroa estimates routers and other gadgets that have dual - band or tri-band capability , that is the ability to switch between 2.4 Ghz or 5 GHz and the 60 - GHz band , will be available in about two years .
See Also :
Photo : ( nicolasnova / Flickr )
Greta Van Susteren hosted the execrable Kris Kobach , co-author of Arizona 's police - state immigration law , earlier this week to explain some of its deeper nuances -- for instance , what new powers does the law give to Arizona police ?
Kobach , as is his wont , prevaricated :
Kobach :
Well , this law is actually quite narrow in scope .
The law basically says that police officers , when they are making a stop for some other violation of law , and they , in the course of that traffic stop would be typical , they develop a reasonable suspicion -- and that 's a well - defined concept in the courts , as you know -- they develop reasonable suspicion that the person is an illegal alien , then they have to act on that suspicion and contact ICE , which has a hotline that 's been in place for fifteen years , and they have to determine if the person is actually lawfully present in the country .
It also requires -- it makes it an Arizona misdemeanor to fail to carry the documents that a person is required to carry by federal law if the person is an alien .
For the last seventy years , it 's been a requirement of federal law that aliens in the United States register and carry certain documents with them .
The Arizona law just says , if you 're breaking this federal law , you 're also committing a misdemeanor in Arizona .
But that leaves begging , of course , what happens when legal citizens are asked to produce proof of citizenship .
Already , we have an ongoing problem with ICE accidentally ( or otherwise ) deporting American citizens -- and that 's the agency where people are supposed to be specially trained to avoid such cases .
When you have every rural deputy in Arizona enforcing federal immigration , well , it will be only a matter of time before the Kafkaesque qualities of this law become manifest .
But Van Susteren still wanted to know :
Van Susteren : I guess that 's what 's sort of curious -- what I do n't quite get about the law is what authority that anyone gets from this law .
In some ways it just seems like a way for the state of Arizona to engage the feds to finally come down and do something about their national immigration policy .
Kobach :
Well , what it does is it requires officers not to turn a blind eye to that reasonable suspicion .
It says , look , if you discover a situation where you 've got a packed minivan , like they are alien smuggling -- Van Susteren :
But yeah , that 's like if you stop someone for speeding , and you go up to the car and you get a driver 's license , you run the driver 's license and you find out that the person is driving after revocation .
You may not give a ticket for the driving -- the speeding , because it might have been a warning , but you 're going to arrest the person for driving after revocation .
Kobach : Right .
And in the example you gave , the person acted on the additional crime he found .
Here , for example , the same as if he discovered drugs -- you would n't tell the officer , ' Turn a blind eye , pay no attention to the bag of marijuana on the passenger seat . '
Actually , there 's a very simple and direct answer to Van Susteren 's question : SB1070 puts local and state police officers in charge of enforcing civil violations of federal law .
This is a clear usurpation of federal immigration authority , and one of the key reasons why the ACLU and other civil liberties organizations have sued to overturn the law -- namely , it " violates the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution by interfering with the federal government 's authority to regulate and enforce immigration . "
As this National Immigration Forum backgrounder [ PDF file ] explains , local police have traditionally stayed away from enforcing federal immigration for a number of reasons -- not the least of which is that it's an unneeded burden that frequently dilutes and interferes with their ability to combat real crime .
As to the enforcement of immigration laws , it has historically been the case that state and local police do not have the authority to enforce federal civil immigration laws .
While state and local police have often worked with federal agents on criminal matters , they have generally steered clear of the enforcement of administrative / civil immigration laws .
Indeed , there is an important distinction between civil and criminal violations of immigration that comes into play here , as the NIF piece explains :
Immigration law is extremely complex , and is constantly changing .
There are criminal and civil violations of immigration law .
Civil violations include , for example , illegal presence and failure to depart after the expiration of a temporary visa .
Criminal violations include illegal entry , re-entry after deportation , and failure to depart after an order of removal .
To make matters more complicated , those in this last category are committing a criminal offense only if the government can show that they “ willfully ” failed to depart ; but most removal orders are entered in absentia .
If failure to depart is not “ willful ” ( if , for example , the person was not aware that there was a removal order entered against them ) , the offense is a civil violation .
It 's important to remember that unless people are caught in the actual act of crossing the border , and not merely found on a freeway crammed into a minivan , there is no criminal violation that any officer could suspect them of .
The only violation likely to arouse suspicion would be a civil one .
Thus , as you can see , Kobach 's and Van Susteren 's analogy comparing someone suspected of being in the country illegally to someone pulled over with a bag of pot on the seat , or some other criminal violation , is all wrong .
A more apt analogy would be a situation in which a police officer approached a suspect for a drinking - and - driving violation and began to suspect that the same person was a tax cheat because he was a wealthy white Republican .
Certainly , there are no shortage of those in Arizona .
If the Arizona law were applied similarly regarding all federal civil violations , well , the officer would be required to call the IRS and have that person audited .
Anyone wanna bet the Arizona Legislature wo n't be demanding that of their police officers anytime soon ?
Why I Game – To Escape
Yaris Gutierrez August 12 , 2009 5:16 AM
EST
My name is Yaris Alex Gutierrez .
Some of you might recognize the piece I am currently sharing with you being that it was once posted on another site .
I have , since then , formed a site in which I decided to re-share my experiences with the gaming community , and how gaming helped me elude a life that overwhelms so many .
I hope that , with this piece , some of you – who are skeptical on the positive influences gaming can have on an individual – will use my archetype as averments to which to base any future opinions on the subject .
Tragedy and violence convoluted my life ever since I became self - conscious .
I would n’t wish it upon my most hated enemy living the life I ’ve lived .
Some people would call it luck , while others might think it was destiny .
Whatever it was , it assisted with battling my demons .
Growing up when and where I did would seem like something out of a movie – or the constant crap you hear and see in the media revolving gangs and whatnot .
I ’m not saying I ’ve lived the worst of lives , but I think that at my age , I ’ve seen things that would put what most have seen to shame , sadly .
Fortunate for me , I found my Mecca in gaming – a hobby that would save my life from the clutches of the stereotypical lives lived by those who were my neighbors , my friends and even my family ; a solemn life that egregiously leads to incarceration or death .
I was born and raised in New York City – the south Bronx , to be exact .
A place congested with the foul substances of drug dealing and drug consumption .
Narcissistic thugs that promoted callowness and lunacy , religiously , as a Christian churchman would promote Jesus in the parabolic hell that motivated a psychological erection of machismo on a day - to - day basis .
Life was unfair and financially depressing in every way .
I would later stand in the very place where the people I hated stood .
Doing the same thing in a different time .
Cynically defining myself as a product of the environment that etched a life of bereavement and indecency .
My father introduced me to Nintendo in 1985 – the same year when I realized I wanted nothing more than to be entwined with gaming .
I know this because I remember it .
I was two then .
It did n’t matter that I could n’t hold the controller the correct way , or that I could n’t read the fuzzy text on our monstrous wooden Sharp TV .
None of that mattered .
It was just me , Super Mario Bros. , and the 8 - bit sounds that permeated my basement living room .
Those were the days when my innocence was n’t smudged with the cruel world of reality because reality did n’t exist in my two year - old macrocosm .
The purity of youth – where money and personal necessities were n’t relevant – would come to an end , unfortunately .
Once I hit Junior High , things began to change .
I was still gaming , occasionally , but not as much as I wanted .
I was more obsessed with looking cool like the rest of the kids who sported the latest Nike ’s and Tommy Hilfiger apparel .
Trying my hardest to fit in .
But all this was nothing but a mere taste of luxury that my parents could n’t afford for me .
I was constantly considered “ wealthier ” than other kids simply because my parents owned a house in a neighborhood surrounded by apartment buildings .
Made fun of because of it too .
You know , because it ’s real funny that my parents could afford a home and yours had to raise you on Section 8 .
But what these very kids failed to realize is that with a home comes more bills .
The money my parents spent in giving me a home deprived me of enjoying the very things that I wanted .
I had to settle for the lesser quality brands of clothing and was given a game about twice a year .
Eventually , I would grow tired of this and step out into a world convoluted with the very crap my parents tried to protect me from .
I joined a gang at thirteen .
I ’m not going to disclose what I did during this time , but it ’s not something that I ’m proud of .
I began hanging around the wrong people , befriended would - be criminals and junkies , and created brotherly relationships with two of my closest friends ( Tristian and Lionell ) that would both end up murdered .
I was surrounded in a world of money , popularity and respect .
A place that made New Jack City look like a petting zoo .
Doing the dumbest of things because of how “ cool ” I thought it was .
Gaming was not longer present in my life at this time as much .
PlayStation , N64 , Sega Saturn , these were all just “ meh ” objects that did n’t receive the attention they deserved .
All I was concerned about was how much money I had in my pocket and how clean the suede on my sneakers were .
This run lasted until I was seventeen .
At seventeen I was already hardened by the life of ignorance I lead .
I had been in numerous fights , stabbed , participated in numerous crimes that would later catch up to me , and most of my “ friends ” were already incarcerated .
It was during this time that both my close friends were killed .
Lionell , who was like my little brother , was skating at a local skating ring where he was shot in the head because of a dilemma a year before .
Tristian was riding a motorcycle that very summer and was killed by a rival gang - member who ran him off his bike .
What ’s funny is that it did n’t take stabbings , or fights , or time in jail to make me realize that what I was doing was stupid .
It took the death of my friends for me to open my eyes and see that I ’d been living the life my parents were trying to prevent for me .
The stereotypical life that affected the lives of my race and economic class .
I sat home for weeks , depressed , trying to figure out what to do .
I sat in my bedroom blankly staring at the floor and noticed my PlayStation 2 was accumulating dust .
I picked up the DualShock 2 , turned on the PS2 and began rocking Devil May Cry .
And this is where gaming became relevant in my life .
To escape the reality of the world outside my home , I would sit home with local friends and game .
Whether it would be Halo matches on the original Xbox via XboxConnect , or RPG ’s on the PlayStation 2 , I was distracted .
It served as a form of therapy that would drive me away from the real world of solitude and danger and pry myself away from those who did n’t know any better than I did .
I would leave my neighborhood whenever I got the chance and would run to local Halo tournaments or LAN parties .
Gaming became my escape from the harsh world outside my windows .
The place that transforms its innocent youths into savages lusting for the unimportance of material possessions and a life of wealth in a community of poor .
Some of you might think that I ’m a pussy for not facing my fears , realistically , by confronting my demons .
When you ’ve lived your childhood and teenage life dodging bullets and overcoming drugs , you tend to not face those things again .
I will say that , personally , that life was harder to give up than it was to begin .
I have regrets just like any human being .
But my regrets are less personal and more acute to the harm I ’ve caused to those outside myself .
People who do n’t understand or habitually play video games will never grasp the positive influence it holds for this generation .
They sit pointing their finger of judgment unwilling to understand that gaming can contribute to perks such as recreation , creativity , social abundance , technology and even motor skills .
We are attacked for using video games as a form of entertainment – a means to indulge ourselves in something that lets us , momentarily , meditate in graphical ecstasy .
We ’re judged individually as gamers , but judged as a group when something drastic occurs that relates to gaming .
One person kills his parents over a Halo game and all of a sudden the gaming community are all considered violent , unpredictable plebeians that need to conform to other means of entertainment .
My life revolved around a place where violence and cruelty was embraced as a means of survival .
I ’ve seen what causes people to turn to robbery and murder .
Hell , I was surrounded by it .
Was it a result of constant gaming ?
No .
It was the result of socio-economics – the barriers of opportunity that stagnates progress for some of the less fortunate .
To this day I witness how children and adults around here use gaming as a distraction from what goes on beyond their homes .
Their mothers who turn to the egregious embrace of crack or their dead - beat fathers who roam the streets begging for nickels and dimes .
This is n’t a result of Grand Theft Auto .
This is a result of opportunistic callowness and life .
Gaming has become a tool of salvation and a window of ingenuity for many .
It helped me evade a heinous path and pursue the road of morality and education .
I am what I am and do what I do because of the influence and motivation the video games and the industry instilled in my genius .
Some would argue that gaming ca n’t be used as a form of therapy or as a means to escape from your problems .
I ’m sure as hell proof that it can serve as both .
It greatly inspired me to continue school and pursue a degree in Computer Science and Mathematics , it has inspired me to write , and it has driven me to work with great buddies here at DualShockers .
I ’m pretty sure that if that PlayStation 2 was n’t there to take hold of me when it did , I would have either ended up dead or probably somewhere upstate getting duked by a bunch of skinheads in prison .
I can definitely say that destiny intervened somewhere in there .
In a town that wants to tear it down , could the Gardiner Expressway instead become the green mile ?
The environmental assessment on the section from Jarvis St. to the Don Valley is in its early stages , but already it includes a surprising alternative to removing the highway — an idea to keep it and cover it with a green roof .
The proposal , formally called the Green Ribbon , was first floated by architect Les Klein last June at the ideaCity innovation conference in Toronto .
Klein ’s vision to keep the expressway and beautify it “ went viral ” :
He did 18 interviews with media outlets in 24 hours .
But the notion did n’t just run its course and disappear .
“ I expected it to be just another idea , ” says Klein , who founded Quadrangle Architects in Toronto , “ but it resonated in people in quite a positive way . ”
Last fall , council voted to include the Green Ribbon in a handful of proposals to be considered as the environmental assessment and integrated urban design study by Waterfront Toronto goes forward .
Other options : remove the highway , improve it or keep the status quo .
Council ’s decision was “ interesting , ” said Klein .
“ It gave us some official standing . ”
The pitch calls for a green roof over the road from Dufferin St. to the Don Valley .
Stairs , ramps and elevators would transport users up 10 metres to a steel and concrete platform filled with lush plantings and paths .
Below it , Gardiner traffic would rush on , protected by a roof that would catch snow and eliminate the need to salt the highway .
Highrise buildings already lining the Gardiner could link to it .
Klein says the canopy would cost $ 700 million , less than half the price of tearing down the Gardiner and replacing it with a road at grade .
There ’s a precedent of sorts .
In New York , the High Line , an abandoned elevated rail line built in the 1930s to separate dangerous train traffic from pedestrians , has been turned into an urban garden .
The initial section , running north about 10 blocks from the Meatpacking District on the west side , drew two million visitors in its first 10 months .
Klein believes Toronto ’s transit is n’t adequate to fully replace the Gardiner for commuters .
And environmentally , it ’s better to adapt and reuse a building than destroy it .
From a “ green perspective , ” Klein says , “ the last thing you want to do is throw stuff away if you ’re trying to improve something . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
Mental Disability Rights International ( MDRI ) Ã‚Â has filed a report and urgent appeal with the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture alleging that the Judge Rotenberg Center for the disabled , located in Massachusetts , violates the UN Convention against Torture .
The rights group submitted their report this week , titled “ Torture not Treatment : Electric Shock and Long - Term Restraint in the United States on Children and Adults with Disabilities at the Judge Rotenberg Center , ” after an in - depth investigation revealed use of restraint boards , isolation , food deprivation and electric shocks in efforts to control the behaviors of its disabled and emotionally troubled students .
ADVERTISEMENT
Findings in the MDRI report include the center ’s practice of subjecting children to electric shocks on the legs , arms , soles of feet and torso — in many cases for years — as well as some for more than a decade .
Electronic shocks are administered by remote - controlled packs attached to a child ’s back called a Graduated Electronic Decelerators ( GEI ) .
The disabilities group notes that stun guns typically deliver three to four milliamps per shock .
GEI packs , meanwhile , shock students with 45 milliamps — more than ten times the amperage of a typical stun gun .
A former employee ofÃ‚Â the center told an investigator , “ When you start working there , they show you this video which says the shock is ‘ like a bee sting ’ and that it does not really hurt the kids .
One kid , you could smell the flesh burning , he had so many shocks .
These kids are under constant fear , 24 / 7 .
They sleep with them on , eat with them on .
It made me sick and I could not sleep .
I prayed to God someone would help these kids . ”
Noting that it believes United States law fails to provide needed protections to children and adults with disabilities , MDRI calls for the immediate end to the use of electric shock and long - term restraints as a form of behavior modification or treatment and Ã‚Â a ban on the infliction of severe pain for so - called therapeutic purposes .
“ Torture as treatment should be banned and prosecuted under criminal law , ” the report states .
ADVERTISEMENT
The U.S. Department of Justice opened a “ routine investigation ” of the center in February of this year in response to a September 2009 letter signed by 31 disability organizations claiming that the center violated the Americans with Disabilities Act .
Judge Rotenberg CEO and founder Dr. Matthew L. Israel began his first program in California back in 1977.Ã‚Â
In 1981 , a 14 - year old boy died face down , tied to his bed , while living in the California center .
Ã‚Â Dr. Israel was not held responsible for the death .
After an investigation by the State of California , Israel relocated to Rhode Island , and then to Massachusetts , where his facility still operates today .
Mother Jones magazine published an extensive investigative report on the Rotenberg Center in 2007 titled “ School of Shock . ” Reporter Jennifer Gonnerman asked , “ How many times do you have to zap a child before it ’s torture ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Children at the Judge Rotenberg Center are often shackled , restrained and secluded for months at a time , the report says .
Ã‚Â Social isolation , and food deprivation as forms of punishment are common .
Ã‚Â Mock and threatened stabbings — to forcibly elicit unacceptable behaviors resulting in electric shock punishments ( Labeled as Behavioral Research Lessons or BRLs , by the center ) were reported to MDRI as well as state regulatory bodies .
A former student of the center reportedly tells MDRI , “ The worst thing ever was the BRLs .
They try and make you do a bad behavior and then they punish you .
The first time I had a BRL , two guys came in the room and grabbed me Ã¢â‚¬â€ œ I had no idea what was going on .
They held a knife to my throat and I started to scream and I got shocked .
I had BRLs three times a week for stuff I did n’t even do .
It went on for about six months or more .
I was in a constant state of paranoia and fear .
I never knew if a door opened if I would get one .
It was more stress than I could ever imagine .
Horror . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Behaviors that the center deemed “ aggressive , ” as well as those considered “ minor , ” or “ non-compliant ” — such as raising one ’s hand without permission — are all considered punishable by electric shocks , restraints , and other punishments to students .
“ One girl who was blind , deaf and non-verbal was moaning and rocking , ” a former teacher says in the report .
“ Her moaning was like a cry .
The staff shocked her for moaning .
Turned out she had broken a tooth .
Another child had an accident in the bathroom and was shocked . ”
The rights group investigation found that the Rotenberg center is the only known facility in the United States , “ Or perhaps the world , ” Ã‚Â that employs the use of electricity , long - term restraints and other punishments to deliberately inflict pain upon its children and then refer to it as “ treatment . ”
The electric shocks alone are cited as having possible long - term effects such as muscle stiffness , impotence , damage to teeth , scarring of the skin , hair loss , Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) , severe depression , chronic anxiety , memory loss and sleep disturbances .
ADVERTISEMENT
The MDRI report states that more than any other source for its information , they relied upon information readily obtained from the Judge Rotenberg Center ’s own website .
In response to MDRI ’s report , the Judge Rotenberg Center said , “ There is no credible evidence that for these most severe forms of behavior disorders , there is any pharmacological or psychological treatment that can effectively treat these students or even keep them safe .
JRC is the only program willing to address the reality of these childrenÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s disorders and endure the political firestorm in order to save these children and give them an education and a future . ”
The complete response from the center can be read in full at JRC ’s website .
" The Knuckle Princess " made her American pro pitching debut Saturday night , and her part of the game wound up as a draw .
Eri Yoshida , a Japanese teenager who taught herself how to pitch a knuckleball , got the start for the Chico Outlaws of the Golden Baseball League and went three innings against the Tijuana Cimarrones , leaving with the score 4 - 4 in a game the Outlaws would win 8 - 6 .
Yoshida , 18 , gave up four earned runs on five hits and a walk before a highly supportive crowd of 4,400 at Nettleton Stadium on the Chico State campus .
She received three ovations , including one after she slapped an opposite - field single to right to drive in a run in the first inning .
" It was unbelievable , " she said through an interpreter about the hit .
But she said she rated her pitching performance only a " 20 out of 100 . "
" I 'm not satisfied with my pitching , but I could see my future goals from this experience , " she said .
She became the first woman to play in American pro baseball since Ila Borders pitched three seasons in the Northern League before finishing in the Western League in 2000 .
Just a few weeks out of high school , Yoshida was n't dazzling but showed remarkable poise against a lineup dotted with former big - league players .
She made 47 pitches , committed a balk , threw a wild pitch , did n't strike out anybody and needed a couple of fine defensive plays to avert further damage .
She gave up a two - run homer to Juan Velasquez in the second inning .
" It was a knuckleball but it came in straight , " she said .
Otherwise , her slow offerings left the Cimarrones off balance until the third inning , when she gave up two more runs .
The 5 - foot - 2 , 115 - pounder uses a sidearm delivery and pitches from the stretch even with no runners on base .
She gave up a bunt single to the first batter she faced , ex - Giants infielder Ivan Ochoa , a move that drew predictable hoots from the crowd .
But Erold Andrus , the brother of Texas Rangers shortstop Elvis Andrus , fouled out to the catcher .
And Jackson Melian , whom the Yankees gave a $ 1.2 million signing bonus in 1996 but who has n't reached the big leagues , grounded into a double play .
" I was more nervous a week ago ( for a practice game ) , " Yoshida said , adding , " My teammates tried to make me relaxed . "
Shortstop Alex Prieto ranged into short center field to make a fine catch and avoid further trouble in the second inning .
Another run was cut down at the plate in the third on a fine throw by left fielder J.J. Sherrill .
Former Royals and Rockies infielder Kit Pellow , who flied out to left against Yoshida , said her knuckleball " was n't on " or moving a lot .
" It was doing a lot of tumbling , but it was just slow , " he said .
OTTAWA — Premier Dalton McGuinty says paying higher taxes is the price of living in Ontario .
“ We have a more challenging and a more competitive world , and as a society , our generation has got to step it up , ” he said on Friday .
Speaking to reporters in Ottawa , McGuinty blamed the $ 21.3 - billion provincial deficit , among other factors , for the introduction of the controversial harmonized sales tax .
“ I think voters want to me do what I believe is the right thing to do , and I think they know that sometimes doing the right thing is not easy , ” he said after visiting a small sporting goods manufacturer in east - end Ottawa .
“ We will do whatever it takes to secure a bright future for our kids and their kids , ” McGuinty added .
McGuinty was recently forced to concede that the 13 per cent HST – which blends the 5 per cent federal goods and sales tax with the 8 per cent provincial sales tax – will hit Ontarians harder than first believed .
According to a study commissioned by the NDP , the blended levy will cost the average family an additional $ 792 annually .
A family with a household income between $ 50,000 and $ 60,000 would pay an additional $ 862 a year .
For families with an income greater than $ 100,000 , it ’s a $ 1,732 hit .
“ Why is that our grandparents and parents have always found a way to step it up and do something for the next generation but somehow we say we ca n’t adjust to those things , ” McGuinty said .
“ I do n’t buy that . ”
At Queen ’s Park , Progressive Conservative MPP Lisa MacLeod called the premier ’s admission that the HST will hit pocketbooks “ a cleansing moment of honesty for McGuinty . ”
Party leader Tim Hudak added that Ontario families have already paid enough taxes as it is .
Taking into account the impact of the HST on electricity , gasoline and home heating fuel costs , plus increases in auto insurance , university tuition and property assessments , the Conservatives calculate that Ontario families will be paying an extra $ 2,700 a year compared to 2007 levels .
“ Enough is enough , ” said Hudak .
However , the Progressive Conservative leader would not commit to chopping the HST or say how he would cut costs for Ontario families if elected in 2011 .
Liberal MPPs are nervous about the HST , given that the government will face an election a year from October , just as consumers will really start to feel the pinch .
The blended tax will increase the cost of 17 per cent of purchases , including gasoline , home energy , haircuts and taxi fares .
Exempted from the HST are newspapers , books , coffee , fast - food meals under $ 4 , diapers , children ’s clothing and booster seats , and feminine hygiene products .
Taxes on 83 per cent of products — including groceries — will not change .
McGuinty said that while it might be bitter medicine , the fact remains the province needs the extra money for education , health care and other provincial programs .
“ It is not always an easy thing to do , but I think it is important that we do the right thing , ” he said .
McGuinty said 140 of the countries that Canada competes with for business have a tax similar to the HST , which he says reduces input costs for businesses .
He added that the province ’s tax reform package is designed to create 600,000 jobs in Ontario over the next decade .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The premier noted that his government has moved to offset the HST slightly by reducing personal income taxes and planning rebate cheques of up to $ 1,000 per household for most low - and middle - income families .
“ I have n’t met a single parent or grandparent who has n’t said to me , ‘ I ’m prepared to do whatever it takes to make sure there are jobs for me today and for my kids tomorrow , ’ ” McGuinty said .
With files from Rob Ferguson
Read more about :
President Obama is planning to deploy up to 1,200 National Guard troops to the U.S. - Mexico border , heeding calls from border state lawmakers that security needs to be improved .
An administration official confirmed to Fox News that Obama plans to deploy the National Guard troops as needed and request $ 500 million for " enhanced border protection and law enforcement . "
The official said the National Guard would be used to " provide intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance support , " as well as support " counternarcotics enforcement " and provide " training capacity " until the Border Patrol can bring more officers on board .
The additional funding would be used to improve border security technology and increase the number of agents , investigators and prosecutors targeting drug , human and weapons traffickers .
Sen. Jon Kyl , R - Ariz. , said he 's heard that " the 1,200 border patrol troops are , in effect , desk jobs . "
" They are n't boots on the ground at the border , " he said , adding that " they were not intended to be deployed to the border . "
" Rather they 'll be investigating , administrative support , maybe training , " he said .
" Now that 's all fine ... but the real value of the National Guard is to be seen . "
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said Obama 's plan represents a " very significant and important shift in the president 's immigration and border security policy . "
" I am pleased that President Obama has now , apparently , agreed that our nation must secure the border to address rampant border violence and illegal immigration without other pre-conditions , such as passage of ' comprehensive immigration reform , ' " she said .
" I am anxious to hear of the details that have not yet been disclosed of where , how , and for how long additional forces will be deployed , " she added .
" With the accountability of this election year , I am pleased and grateful that at long last there has been a partial response from the Obama administration to my demands that Washington do its job . "
Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D - Ariz. , praised the administration for " finally " answering the calls for more troops , while another lawmaker said 1,200 troops is " simply not enough . "
The announcement came as Senate Republicans began introducing several border security amendments to a $ 60 billion war spending bill under consideration on the floor .
They showed no signs of halting that effort in light of the president 's decision .
Sen . John McCain , R - Ariz. , proposed an amendment to send 6,000 National Guard troops to the border -- a move Republicans want to pay for with unspent stimulus money .
McCain said on the floor that he appreciates Obama 's decision to deploy up to 1,200 troops but asked for more .
" I think it is a recognition of the violence on the border which has been really beyond description in some respects , " McCain said .
" But it 's simply not enough . "
Senate Republicans confronted Obama on immigration and border security earlier in the day during a rare , private meeting on Capitol Hill .
But Obama never mentioned he was sending troops to the border , Kyl said , even after he brought up the McCain amendment .
" I gather that some of our Democratic colleagues were informed , " Kyl said .
" Sen. McCain spoke to it ... and then I stood up .
One of the things I said was we were going to the floor in a few minutes to request additional money for sending troops to the border .
But that was the end of the conversation . "
Though top Obama Cabinet officials critical of Arizona 's controversial new law have acknowledged they never read the bill , McCain said Obama told the senators he has read it and still believes it could allow for discrimination .
Sen .
Sam Brownback , R - Kansas , who described the meeting as " testy , " said the president " was n't embracing " the call to secure the borders before pressing forward with a comprehensive immigration policy overhaul .
The administration official described Obama 's announcement Tuesday as " part of his comprehensive plan to secure the southwest border . "
Giffords , who was among several lawmakers who requested more border security after Arizona rancher Robert Krentz was killed by a suspected illegal immigrant at the end of March , praised Obama for the National Guard announcement .
" ( Arizona residents ) know that more boots on the ground means a safer and more secure border .
Washington heard our message , " she said .
Fox News ' Trish Turner contributed to this report .
The scene moments after a remorseless gunman began shooting inside .
SAN ANTONIO — A man described by eyewitnesses as " unsettled " and " disturbed " walked into the local Guns Galore Shooting Range early Tuesday morning , paid for a half hour 's worth of time , and then calmly opened fire on dozens of unsuspecting targets .
Advertisement
Sources said the man , now identified as Bryon James Woodrich , entered the establishment at approximately 8:30 a.m. armed with a pistol .
After a brief exchange with the gun range manager , Woodrich purchased a box of ammunition , showed two pieces of ID , signed in , walked to stall No. 17 , and at once began his crazed shooting spree .
Woodrich
Advertisement
" He just kept firing , over and over again — bam , bam , bam , bam , bam , " said manager Clyde Jenkins , recalling the chilling scene .
" From the moment he stepped into Guns Galore , it was clear that this man only had one thing on his mind . "
Witnesses said Woodrich displayed no emotion whatsoever during the 29 - minute barrage .
Many watched in silence as the gunman unloaded 12 shots at extremely close range into the chest and head of a defenseless target , pausing only to reload .
One witness said that the shooter actually exited the gun range with a " look of relief " on his face .
Advertisement
" I should have seen this coming , " said San Antonio resident , Carlotta Vasquez , who has known Woodrich for over 10 years .
" He 's been having a tough time since [ ex - wife ] Sheila left him , and they recently cut his hours at the plant .
And he was always talking about needing to blow off some steam , but I never would have thought that this is what he meant .
Had I known , I would have tried to be there for him , to say something . "
" It did n't have to come to this , " Vasquez continued .
" We could have gone fishing or bowling or whatnot . "
Advertisement
A handwritten note on the gunman 's refrigerator warned the shooting spree would occur " after he picked up groceries . "
Close friends of Woodrich , who is believed to own at least two other handguns and an unknown number of rifles , said he displayed many warning signs in the months leading up to the shooting .
A loner , Woodrich was known to be quiet and withdrawn , channeling all his energies into his work and violent hobbies , like hunting .
Advertisement
" I once saw Bryon shoot a beautiful six - point buck like it was nothing , " friend Kenneth Schlissel said .
" In the end , I guess I 'm not surprised he ended up at the gun range . "
According to his ex-wife Sheila Mann , Woodrich was " obsessed " with firearm and hunting magazines , which he would frequently read alone in his basement " for hours and hours on end . "
Advertisement
" He and his friends were always talking about guns and the shooting range and how they could n't wait for the weekend to come , " Mann said .
" They 'd argue about who was the best shot and what guns they were going to buy and whose gun was the biggest . "
" It scared me , " she added .
After exhausting his final two clips , Woodrich reportedly fled the premises still carrying the loaded weapon .
He was then seen entering a bank , a gas station , and a fried chicken restaurant before returning home and voluntarily disarming himself .
Advertisement
Thus far , no charges have been brought against the deranged shooter , nor has the gun range taken any extra precautions to prevent a similar incident in the future .
In fact , some residents , like Guns Galore assistant manager Ken Marshall , said they only have themselves to blame .
Advertisement
" Looking back , it was only a matter of time before something like this happened , " Marshall said .
" Bryon pretty much comes in here every Tuesday . "
A Boulder County Jail deputy has been reprimanded for releasing a mug shot in which a trespassing suspect was posing , cocking his head to the side and perching his chin on his fist .
It ’s jail protocol to take two mug shots of every inmate — one straight on with their hands by their sides and one to the side , said Division Chief Larry Hank , who oversees jail operations .
All inmates must be doing the same thing in their mug shots because officers use the photos in line - ups , Hank said .
If everyone was allowed to do whatever they wanted , the pictures “ would be useless , ” Hank said .
Dustin Winesberry , 22 , was arrested Sunday evening on suspicion of climbing onto an apartment balcony and telling the women inside that he wanted to “ hang out , ” according to Boulder police .
When he was booked into the jail at 1:30 a.m.
Monday , Hank said , Winesberry “ was being a clown ” and a deputy took a mug shot of him posing .
Instead of deleting the mug shot and putting a hold on Winesberry , meaning he would n’t have been allowed to leave the jail until he cooperated , Hank said the deputy entered the mug shot into the system .
It was released to the Camera on Monday .
“ The officer was busy that night , ” Hank said .
“ He saw the photo and did n’t intend to leave it in the system .
But he basically got busy and forgot . ”
When the photo was brought to Hank ’s attention , officers “ deleted the pose and took a real mug shot , ” he said .
The new photo was taken Tuesday morning , and the deputy “ got a verbal reprimand . ”
“ The officer has been talked to and realizes his mistake , ” Hank said .
Scott Robinson , a Denver defense attorney , said mug shots are used often in police investigations , making it important for everyone arrested to be looking straight ahead in their photos .
If Winesberry ’s photo was used in a line - up , Robinson said , the cute pose could work against him .
“ It would make his photo stand out and could have significant consequences for him , ” Robinson said .
“ I have never seen a mug shot that has looked anything other than like a mug shot . ”
Winesberry is not the first Boulder County Jail inmate to goof off or be obstinate in front of the camera , Hank said .
“ We get a lot of people who come in who are under the influence , ” he said .
“ So we ca n’t get them to stand up straight and take a photo . ”
Inmates who fail the first time at taking an appropriate photo are booked into the jail and brought back to have their picture taken later .
They ca n’t be released on bond until they cooperate for a mug shot , Hank said .
“ People are uncooperative when they come in , ” he said .
“ But if the only thing keeping them from being released is a photo , then they tend to be more cooperative . ”
Winesberry cooperated for a new mug shot but still has n’t posted a $ 1,000 bond to leave the Boulder County Jail .
He is being held on suspicion of attempted second - degree trespass .
Last year , Winesberry was arrested on suspicion of second - degree burglary and theft from the Ramaley building on the University of Colorado campus .
He pleaded guilty to felony first - degree criminal trespass and was given two years probation .
When he was arrested over the weekend , Winesberry told police that he is a registered sex offender .
According to Colorado court records , however , Winesberry has n’t been convicted of a sex offense in the state and is n’t a registered offender in Colorado .
Update Capital city home prices rose by a record 20 per cent in the year to the end of March , giving the Reserve Bank more reason to lift interest rates tomorrow .
For the quarter alone , home prices rose 4.8 per cent , easing from a revised 5.1 per cent recorded for the December quarter , the Australian Bureau of Statistics said today .
The annual pace compared with the revised 13.5 per cent gain for all of 2009 , indicating house price increases are accelerating .
'' I think the RBA will take notice of the acceleration in what is essentially house price inflation , '' Citi economist Josh Williamson said .
The Reserve Bank is rated a two - in - three chance of lifting its key cash rate to 4.5 per cent from the current level of 4.25 per cent when it meets tomorrow , according to financial markets .
Such an increase would be the sixth rise since October when the RBA changed course and made rising cost prices rather than slowing growth its main focus .
The latest report on surging home prices comes a day after the federal government released the Henry tax review , which recommended a broader land tax to replace stamp duties .
It also called for a reduction to negative gearing tax rates , which are blamed by some for distorting the real - estate market to favour owners over buyers and renters .
The government , however , shelved or rejected such recommendations , instead revealing plans for extra mining taxes among other changes .
The gain in the year to March was the most since the current statistical series began in 2002 , according to Bloomberg data .
An earlier ABS index of established homes has n't recorded such a big increase in annual prices since the year to March 1989 .
'' This is certainly an indication of a buoyant economy at least for those who can afford a house , '' Mr Williamson said .
Home prices have also been driven by a swelling population and a shortage of affordable housing .
Melbourne price surge
Among the capitals , Melbourne led gains both on a quarterly and annual basis , with prices rising 6.7 per cent and 27.7 per cent , respectively .
In Sydney , prices rose 21 per cent for the year and 5.3 per cent for the quarter .
Perth 's annual prices jumped 15 per cent , and 3.5 per cent for the quarter .
Brisbane 's prices , meanwhile , rose 12.1 per cent for the year and 2 per cent in the quarter .
'' It 's a massive increase in the house price index , '' said Arab Bank Australia 's David Scutt .
'' Lock in another rate hike tomorrow . ''
The surging home prices come amid signs of an economy expanding rapidly , fuelling fears of unsustainable growth .
TD Securities / Melbourne Institute monthly inflation gauge , released today , showed that , in the year to April , inflation increased 2.9 per cent - the most in 14 months .
That tally also bumps up against the RBA 's preferred maximum of 3 per cent .
Separately , the Australian Industry Group 's Performance of Manufacturing index surged in April , rising to 59.8 from 50.2 , showing that Australia 's economic rebound is also being reflected in the building and infrastructure sectors .
Property puzzle
Analysts , however , said the sharp rise in home prices remains puzzling following five consecutive months of declining home - loan volumes .
Mr Scutt said the March quarter price rises , viewed against the slump in home loans , '' adds support to the foreign ownership talk that had been persistent over previous months ' ' .
The government tightened the requirements on foreign ownership last month , after loosening them early last year .
The easier restrictions reportedly prompted a flood of overseas investment into the Australian real - estate market .
But the exact impact of the rule change on Australian city home prices was not measurable because the government stopped keeping data on the transactions over the period .
'' The crucial issue in gauging the price outlook from here is how we resolve the growing discrepancy between depressed home - loan demand and frothy dwelling prices and market activity , '' JP Morgan economist Ben Jarman said .
Either foreign demand for homes had boosted prices , or a smaller number of home buyers were continuing to borrow sizeable amounts , he said .
Auction clearance rates remain above 80 per cent in Melbourne despite the recent changes to foreign investment rules and higher interest rates .
'' It is important to note that the ABS 's house price index , which reflects sales for detached houses in capital cities only , probably overstates true economy - wide dwelling prices , '' Mr Jarman said .
'' Also , the housing market indicators of late have painted a more mixed picture than implied by today 's report , with prices and general market sentiment buoyant but loan demand and building activity sagging . ''
For example , RP Data 's measure of national home prices adjusts for differences in the types of purchases between new home buyers and existing home upgraders .
National home prices in the year to March increased by 12.5 per cent , the research group said last week .
czappone@fairfax.com.au
BusinessDay
This time , Tomas Plekanec spoke with his stick .
The Montreal Canadiens forward , who raised eyebrows earlier this week for his critical remarks about the Washington Capitals goaltending situation , backed up his words by scoring the overtime winner to give his club a 3 - 2 victory in the series opener at the Verizon Center on Thursday .
Plekanec corralled a bouncing puck outside the Washington blue line and then fired a screen shot from the high slot past Capitals goalie Jose Théodore 13:19 into the first extra period .
He decided to shoot even though his linemate Mike Cammalleri was tapping his stick for a pass .
" He always does that and that ’s why I do n’t shoot much , " Plekanec said .
To which Cammalleri replied , " I tell him ' Plek , I ’m like 7 - 11 , I 'm always open . '
Then we 'll look at the video and there will be four guys on me .
If he missed I would have given him an earful . "
In the pre-series build up , Plekanec agreed with a reporter that the Capitals were lacking in the goaltending department .
" It 's not as though we are facing [ Martin ] Brodeur or [ Ryan ] Miller , " Plekanec said .
" They do n't have a dominant goaltender . "
When told of Plekanec 's remarks , Théodore responded : " Tomas who ?
Jagr ?
Oh , Plekanec .
OK .
I thought you meant Jagr . "
Plekanec was asked to rehash his thoughts on the Capitals goaltending moments after he beat Théodore for the win .
" No , I was n't thinking about it , " he said .
" It was the first day that quote came up in the newspapers .
Obviously , I did n't like it , but we had a good laugh about it with the guys .
[ Théodore ] had a good quote , too .
" Again , I never said anything bad about the Capitals goaltending .
I said they have very good goalies and they proved it .
I would never say anything disrespectful about [ Théodore ] .
If they took it that way , then that ’s what happens . "
His Montreal teammates continued to have fun with the incident .
They put the No. 68 beside his name on the lineup on the dressing room whiteboard .
" That was pretty good , too , " Plekanec said .
' It 's only one game '
Plekanec was n't the only player from Czech Republic or Slovakia on his game in the series opener .
Canadiens goalie Jaroslav Halak , a Slovakian , was busy and at his best with 45 saves , while Montreal defenceman Jaroslav Spacek of the Czech Republic did an outstanding job checking Washington superstar Alex Ovechkin , who failed to put a shot on Halak .
Halak was especially good in the first period , when he made 18 saves to make sure that his club escaped with a 1 - 1 tie .
" It 's only one game , " he said .
" But we knew we could play a lot better than we did at the end of the season . "
That was the same message from Spacek .
The Canadiens did n’t always have Spacek on the ice when Ovechkin hopped over the boards because they did n't have last change .
But for the most part , Spacek was immediately on Ovechkin every time he touched the puck .
" He had zero shots , but he had probably 10 blocked shots , " Spacek said .
" He tried hard for it .
The whole line played pretty good .
They had a couple chances .
I stepped up and closed the gap and that was probably the reason we had success .
" [ Ovechkin ] is waiting for his chance .
You give him one little sniff and the puck will end up in our net .
I think we played a focused game on his all game long .
We did n’t give that line too many opportunities on the rush . "
' They took him away pretty good '
Spacek made the defensive play of the game when he stretched out to block a Nicklas Backstrom pass attempt during a three - on - one Capitals rush in overtime .
Montreal coach Jacques Martin preached to his team the importance of back checking from the forwards to take away any possible scoring chances that Ovechkin might gain while trailing the play .
" He did n't play good , " Capitals coach Bruce Boudreau said of his superstar .
" I mean , they gapped up on him really well , but I do n't think Alex played very well .
I can't put my finger on it right now , but when you get 50 shots on goal and Ovechkin does n't get any and you have four power plays .
They took him away pretty good , but I just did n't think he was very good tonight . "
Ovechkin did n't shed much light on his effort .
" It 's the playoffs , " he said .
" You try to do well every shift .
I think play a great first period .
We had a lot of great chances , but we did n't score .
We scored first goal and we feel good and then we stopped playing . "
The Canadiens scored first with a Cammalleri goal in the first period , but Washington defenceman Joe Corvo tied the game with a screen .
The Capitals grabbed their first lead early in the third period on a Backstrom goal , but the upset - minded Montrealers tied the game less than seven minutes later with a super rush up the ice from the Scott Gomez , Brian Gionta and Benoit Pouliot that resulted in a tip - in from Gomez after a brilliant pass from Gionta .
This was the first overtime game of the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs and sixth consecutive game to open the post - season that was decided by a goal .
One military informant said that Mr. Weisfeiler , a Russian - born Jew , was held captive there , and that he was later tortured and executed .
Image Paul Schaefer in 2005 .
Credit ... European Pressphoto Agency
A former nurse from the Luftwaffe , Mr. Schaefer was forced to leave Germany after he was charged with sexually abusing young boys in an orphanage he ran there .
In 1961 he founded Colonia Dignidad , an anti-Semitic apocalyptic religious sect about 225 miles south of Santiago .
Early last decade it still had about 300 inhabitants , and it still exists but is referred to as Villa Baviera .
Mr. Schaefer ran the sect with a heavy hand , banning almost all contact with the outside world , separating women from men and children from their parents , and controlling intimate contact .
While he was never a hunted Nazi , Mr. Schaefer opened Colonia Dignidad for fugitive Nazis to hide out for periods of time .
After Chile ’s courts began investigating Mr. Schaefer for sexual abuse charges in the late 1990s , he fled to Argentina , where he hid until he was found in 2005 .
After being returned to Chile , he was sentenced to 20 years in prison for sexually abusing 25 children .
Mr. Schaefer was also sentenced to three years for violating weapons control law after a huge military arsenal was found on Colonia Dignidad grounds , to seven years for homicide and to three years for torture .
Complaints about Arizona ’s controversial new immigration law and its effect on professional sports have until now focused mostly on Major League Baseball , since Phoenix is scheduled to host the 2011 All - Star Game .
But the legislation , and a brewing fight in Congress over immigration policy , could also have implications for the United States ’ bid to host the World Cup in 2018 or 2022 .
Glendale , Ariz. , is one of the 18 cites included in the United States bid , which faces competition from eight other suitors for the 2018 and 2022 events : Australia , England , Japan , Russia , South Korea , Qatar and two joint bids : from Belgium and the Netherlands , and Spain and Portugal .
( FIFA will for the first time announce two hosts on the same day , on Dec. 2 . )
The United States , based on its existing inventory of massive , modern stadiums and its successful turn as the host in 1994 , is considered a leading candidate in the new round of bidding , especially since its top rival in the region , Mexico , withdrew last year .
But the controversy and protests sparked by Arizona ’s new law are worrying some sports officials .
Given how reluctant many of them seem to be to comment on the controversy , maybe fans hoping to see another World Cup here should be worrying , too .
The Times ’s Jack Bell , writing in his weekly notebook , tried to get reaction from some of the key players involved in the World Cup bidding .
He was generally greeted with the same refrain : no comment .
The spokesman for the committee running the United States bid , Jurgen Mainka , said the group would not comment on the new law .
The United States Soccer Federation , through a spokesman , Neil Buethe , also declined to comment when asked about the potential ramifications of the new law .
The union that represents M.L.S. players has not taken a position , either .
“ I certainly have a strong personal opinion on the law , but as an organization we have not taken a position or made any statement , ” the union ’s executive director , Bob Foose , said in an e-mail message .
Officials could try to nip the crisis in the bud by dropping University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale from the bid committee ’s list of possible venues ; as Jack notes , the tournament will use only 12 of the 18 proposed cities anyway .
But the issue of illegal immigration remains incredibly divisive , and the fight over it shows no signs of abating .
A New York Times poll released Monday showed that a majority of Americans support the Arizona law , even though they think it could lead to racial profiling .
And at least 10 states are considering similar laws .
Five of those states — Colorado , Georgia , Maryland , Missouri and Texas — are home to cities that are among the 18 included in the World Cup bid .
FIFA will make it final visits to assess the merits of the United States bid later this year .
A venomous fight about suspicious - looking foreigners , identity cards and police powers is certainly not the welcome U.S. Soccer officials had in mind .
The energy needs of the entire human population could potentially be met by converting wind energy to electricity by means of wind turbines .
While offshore wind power resources are abundant , wind turbines are currently unable to provide steady power due to natural fluctuations in wind direction and strength .
However , offshore wind power output can be made more consistent by choosing project development locations that take advantage of regional weather patterns and by connecting wind power generators with a shared power line , according to a paper by researchers from the University of Delaware and Stony Brook University that is published in the April 5 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" Making wind - generated electricity more steady will enable wind power to become a much larger fraction of our electric sources , " said the paper 's lead author Willett Kempton , UD professor of marine policy in UD's College of Earth , Ocean , and Environment and director of its Center for Carbon - free Power Integration .
The research team -- which also included UD alumnus Felipe Pimenta , UD research faculty member Dana Veron , and Brian Colle , associate professor in the School of Marine and Atmospheric Sciences at Stony Brook University -- demonstrated that thoughtful design of offshore wind power projects can minimize the impacts of local weather on power fluctuations .
The researchers analyzed five years of wind observations from 11 monitoring stations along the U.S. East Coast from Florida to Maine .
Based on wind speeds at each location , they estimated electrical power output from a hypothetical five - megawatt offshore turbine .
After analyzing the patterns of wind energy among the stations along the coast , the team explored the seasonal effects on power output .
" Our analysis shows that when transmission systems will carry power from renewable sources , such as wind , they should be designed to consider large - scale meteorology , including the prevailing movement of high - and low - pressure systems , " said Dr. Kempton .
Dr. Colle explained the ideal configuration .
" A north - south transmission geometry fits nicely with the storm track that shifts northward or southward along the U.S. East Coast on a weekly or seasonal time scale , " he said .
" Because then at any one time a high or low pressure system is likely to be producing wind ( and thus power ) somewhere along the coast . "
The researchers found that each hypothetical power generation site exhibited the expected ups and downs , but when they simulated a power line connecting them , the overall power output was smoothed so that maximum or minimum output was rare .
In the particular five - year period studied , the power output of the simulated grid never stopped completely .
No wind turbines are presently located in U.S. waters , although projects have been proposed off the coasts of several Atlantic states .
This research could prove useful as project sites are selected and developed .
Reducing the severity of wind power fluctuations would allow sufficient time for power suppliers to ramp up or down power production from other energy sources as needed .
Solutions that reduce power fluctuations also are important if wind is to displace significant amounts of carbon - emitting energy sources , the researchers said .
###
The study was funded by the Delaware Sea Grant College Program and CAPES , a Brazilian research council .
About the University of Delaware and the College of Earth , Ocean , and Environment
The College of Earth , Ocean , and Environment ( CEOE ) strives to advance our understanding of Earth 's natural systems and the interactions of humans with the environment through engaged interdisciplinary research , teaching , and outreach .
The University of Delaware , the flagship institution of the state of Delaware , is one of the oldest Land Grant institutions in the nation , and one of only three institutions to also have Sea Grant and Space Grant status .
The university is classified by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching as a research university with very high research activity -- a designation accorded fewer than 3 percent of U.S. colleges and universities .
The university is a state - assisted , privately controlled institution with an enrollment of more than 16,000 undergraduates , 3,500 graduate students and 1,000 professional and continuing study students .
About the School of Marine and Atmospheric Sciences at Stony Brook University
The School of Marine and Atmospheric Sciences ( SoMAS ) is the State University of New York 's center for marine and atmospheric research , education , and public service .
With more than 85 faculty and staff and more than 500 students engaged in interdisciplinary research and education , SoMAS is at the forefront of advancing knowledge and discovering and resolving environmental challenges affecting the oceans and atmosphere on both regional and global scales .
Police are looking for four suspects after Torontonians were squirted with feces and robbed after they withdrew money from downtown bank machines .
Police allege that in four separate incidents since May 21 , the suspects watched their victim withdraw money and followed them to their workplace .
In each instance , the suspects surrounded their victim in an elevator .
One suspect poured feces on the victim , a second alerted the victim and then helped rob him or her while helping to clean his or her clothing .
The suspects are described as Hispanic and likely in possession of squeeze bottles or containers of feces .
" They 're very good .
They 're obviously very organized , " said Toronto Police Constable Tony Vella .
" You 're distracted .
First of all you 've got feces on you , emotionally you 're in shock .
Number two : you do n't know what to do .
Number three : you got four people trying to help you and their hands are all over the place .
As a result , one of them will reach into your purse or your back pocket or whatever the case may be , " he said .
" They 'll have watched you at the bank machine and know where you put your money . "
Anyone with information is asked to contact Toronto Police or Crime Stoppers at ( 416)222-8477 .
David Laws , the Lib Dem chief secretary to the treasury , and the guy tasked with finding the public spending cuts in the years ahead , has just emailed Lib Dem supporters to outline his apporach to the task which awaits the new coalition government :
Dear Friend ,
My Labour predecessor , Liam Byrne , left me a note saying ‘ Dear Chief Secretary , There ’s no money left . ’
He may claim this is joke , but sadly it is all too true .
Labour have left the nation ’s finances in an utterly ruinous state and we face a colossal task ahead of us .
That is why today the Chancellor and I announced the creation of the Office of Budget Responsibility as well as the date for the emergency budget in six weeks time on 22nd June .
It is also why over the next week I will be working to identify £ 6bn of wasteful government spending that we can save in order to start to pay down the disastrous deficit left to us by Labour .
In addition to this , every new spending commitment and pilot project signed off by Labour ministers since the turn of the year will be individually reviewed in a bid to find additional savings .
This is simply due diligence by the new coalition government in relation to some of the irresponsible decisions we have inherited .
I would like to give you my personal guarantee that whilst the decisions ahead will be tough I will always put social justice at their heart .
I have , and I will continue to reject any proposals which would damage key services or put at risk those on lower incomes .
This is not merely a coalition of competent accountants .
The challenge we face is how to address the deficit while protecting the quality of key services , making this a fairer country and ensuring that those on the lowest incomes are protected as far as possible from the actions that are necessary .
This will not be easy .
But there is more chance of it being achieved with Lib Dem presence in HM Treasury than without it .
Best wishes ,
David Laws MP
Chief Secretary to the Treasury
Showmobile Services was established in 1994 to design , build , hire and sell exhibition trailers and promotional vehicles .
Over the years we have established an excellent service and reputation for providing high quality exhibition trailers and promotional vehicles to the corporate , commercial and private market at competitive prices .
As one of the UK's leading exhibition trailer and promotional vehicle specialists , the hard working team at Showmobiles are able to provide a fantastic choice of both new and used exhibition trailers and promotional vehicles to hire or buy .
All our vehicles can be completely customised to cater for all of your needs and fully kitted out to your exact specifications so that you can make a visually exciting and highly memorable impact at any trade show , exhibition , roadshow or similarly veined event that you may be planning to attend .
With your company logo splashed across the front , back and sides of your promotional vehicle , and your products and services visible to all , our stunningly modern and elegantly designed exhibition trailers can serve as the centre piece of your targeted advertising crusade or as an additional piece of the jigsaw in your carefully structured marketing campaign .
Utilising the unique mobile characteristics of your exhibition trailer will enable you to augment your brand identity whilst providing a mobile point of contact where you can interact directly with the very people you are trying to reach out to .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The juvenile “ draw Muhammad ” day has generally been avoided by professional editorial cartoonists .
One Islamophobic theme apparent in the writing on it is that Muslims are peculiar in their thin - skinned responses to such assaults on their religious sensibilities and that members of other religions never riot or protest .
This assertion is not only bigoted but it is silly .
So here are some other needlessly offensive cartoon - drawing days that could be adopted by the jerks bothering Muslims today , just to show that they are jerks toward other communities as well .
All these subjects have produced vigorous protests or rioting and violence among members of other religious traditions .
Me , I think when you know people have died in violence over some piece of thoughtlessness , it is the height of irresponsibility to repeat it for no good reason .
10 . Cartoons of Hindu goddesses or of Mother India , nude .
9. Cartoon of a Haredi Jewish woman locked up in an insane asylum by secular Jewish authorities in Israel .
8. Buddha with girls in bikini :
In Sri Lanka this spring “ Buddhist extremists attacked the offices of Sirasa Media , who in cooperation with the Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau was organizing the tour for Akon . . . an American pop singer of Senegalese extraction .
The protesters were offended by Akon ’s latest video “ Sexy Chick , ” which shows bikini - clad women dancing at a pool party , while in the background stands a statue of the Buddha . ”
7. Cartoon showing a rape in a Sikh temple .
6. Cartoon showing Moses as gay lover .
5. Cartoon of Christians shooting down a Hindu pandit in India .
4. Cartoon of Irish Catholic neighborhoods festooned with banners showing a crown on a bible– celebrating the victory on 12 July 1690 of Protestant King William of Orange over his Catholic rival as king , James II , at the Battle of the Boyne near Belfast .
It was such provocations by Protestants that kicked off decades of Troubles in Northern Ireland that left nearly 4000 dead and led to several major bombings of London .
3. Cartoon of witch casting a spell on an African soccer match .
2. Cartoon of Hindu Goddess Lakshmi eating a Burger King Texas Whopper .
( Hint : Hindus hold cows sacred and forbid the consuming of beef . )
1. Cartoons showing people parking cars in Jerusalem on Saturday .
Shavuot 2020 ( a two - day holiday , celebrated from sunset on May 28 until nightfall on May 30 ) coincides with the date that G‑d gave the Torah to the Jewish people at Mount Sinai more than 3,300 years ago .
It comes after 49 days of eager counting , as we prepared ourselves for this special day .
It is celebrated by lighting candles , staying up all night to learn Torah , hearing the reading of the Ten Commandments in synagogue , feasting on dairy foods and more .
Learn more about Shavuot
Today , more than 350 languages are spoken in the US and the number of people in the US who speak a language other than English continues to increase .
That ’s hardly surprising , given the ever - expanding diversity of language in the United States and the increasing trend toward bilingual households , but a few of the most common non-English languages spoken might surprise you .
According to the 2016 American Community Survey , a project of the United States Census Bureau , the following are the most popular non-English languages spoken in the United States .
MEXICO CITY -- Between 20 and 25 bodies were recovered from an abandoned silver mine in southern Mexico , apparently victims of drug gang violence , federal police commissioner Facundo Rosas said Sunday .
The corpses appear to have accumulated over an undetermined time as they were tossed over a 300 - foot precipice into the abandoned mine , located near Taxco , a colonial - era city popular with international tourists .
The region is dotted by hundreds of mines .
Rosas said authorities were alerted to the mass grave by a suspect and they began pulling bodies from the mine late Saturday and continued their work Sunday .
He did n't give the identities or causes of death of the victims .
Police and military crews exploring the underground site wore breathing equipment to guard against the possible noxious gases in the mine .
The state of Guerrero , where Taxco is located , is plagued by drug violence among rival gangs , and marked by brazen attacks on police and soldiers engaged in a crackdown on traffickers .
But Taxco is better known for its silver jewelry , winding streets and Holy Week processions .
Rosas said Sunday that in an unrelated case , authorities arrested two brothers named on Mexico 's Most Wanted list for their ties to organized crime .
The brothers are suspected members of La Linea drug gang , and Rosas said they 're tied to drug dealing , kidnapping , extortion , car theft and several murders in the north Mexico state of Chihuahua .
Meanwhile in the state of Morelos , south of Mexico City , police identified human remains left on a road in several different plastic bags as a local prison director .
The state prosecutor said in a written statement that the director had headed the prison for two months .
The statement did not mention a motive for the murder .
More than 23,000 people have been murdered in drug gang violence since President Felipe Calderon cracked down on drug traffickers in late 2006 .
Anwar al - Awlaki has said violence is a religious duty for Muslims The US government has authorised the capture or killing of radical Muslim cleric Anwar al - Awlaki , currently based in Yemen , officials have confirmed .
The cleric , who is a US citizen , is being targeted for his involvement in planning attacks on the US .
Mr Awlaki was linked to the attempted bombing of an airliner bound for the US and a shooting on a US Army base .
US officials have warned that Yemen is becoming a safe haven for al - Qaeda militants .
The BBC's Steve Kingstone , in Washington , says it is highly unusual for the CIA to be given approval by the president 's National Security Council to target a US citizen .
The order was made by the Obama administration earlier this year , but it has just been revealed after a review of national security policy .
' Serious attacks '
It was first reported in the New York Times and later confirmed to the BBC by US officials .
" Awlaki is a threat to the United States and our allies .
He 's plotted serious attacks against this country and others .
Of course he 's a US government target , " one official said .
Mr Awlaki was born in New Mexico , and later served as an imam in Colorado , California and Virginia .
He became popular among Islamic radicals for his firebrand preaching in English which endorsed the use of violence as a religious duty .
Awlaki knows what he 's done , and he knows he wo n't be met with handshakes and flowers
US official
Profile : Anwar al - Awlaki
It was while he was an imam in San Diego that his sermons were attended by two of the 9/11 hijackers .
He fled the US in 2007 and moved to Yemen .
US intelligence previously viewed him as a radical Islamist preacher , but officials say he is now an active recruiter for al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .
Mr Awlaki has been linked to the suspects in the Fort Hood shootings last November in which 13 people died , and a failed attempt to blow up a transatlantic airliner on Christmas day .
Potentially , a US attack on him could be in the form of an air strike by an unmanned drone , our correspondent says .
The US military already has approval for such killings , based on a congressional authorisation for war with al - Qaeda after the 9/11 attacks on the US .
Failed state " Awlaki knows what he 's done , and he knows he wo n't be met with handshakes and flowers .
None of this should surprise anyone , " the New York Times quoted an official as saying .
The Yemeni government , with support from the US and Saudi Arabia , has bombed suspected al - Qaeda hideouts in the last few months .
But some analysts have warned that Yemen may become a failed state because of the fragile hold the Yemeni government has on its own country .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the Nigerian man accused of trying to blow up a plane on its way into Detroit airport on Christmas Day 2009 , allegedly met Mr Awlaki in Yemen weeks before boarding a US - bound plane in Lagos .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Morgan Stanley has told investors in its $ 8.8 billion real - estate fund that it may lose nearly two - thirds of its money from bum property investments , according to fund documents reviewed by The Wall Street Journal .
That would likely make it the biggest dollar loss — $ 5.4 billion — in the history of private - equity real - estate investing .
Over the past 20 years , Morgan Stanley 's real - estate unit was one of the biggest buyers of property around the world , doing some $ 174 billion in ...
* Improved Wayland support .
* Yakuake 's window title now always matches what 's shown in its title bar .
* Fixed button icons in the ' Appearance ' settings page .
* Yakuake now installs a D - Bus service file .
This allows calling its D - Bus methods even when Yakuake is not running yet - it will then be started implicitly .
* Fixed a crash due to a missing bounds check in the ' sessionAtTab ' D - Bus method .
* Fixed a type marshalling issue with the ' addSession ' D - Bus method that caused a noisy warning when using it via qdbus .
* Yakuake now depends on KDE Frameworks 5.29 or higher .
* Fixed build on Qt 5.7 .
* Fixed Yakuake sometimes showing up in the Task Manager .
* Much improved Wayland support on Plasma 5 .
* Added a security warning when using the runCommand DBus API ( as recently added to KDE Konsole as well ) .
* Switched to a different API for getting the user home path to avoid blocking on network logins .
* The bell notification event now uses the correct Plasma 5 sound file name instead of an old KDE 4 one that may not be present .
* Fixed standard CLI arguments like -- help and -- version .
* Code cleanups , e.g. porting away from deprecated API .
* Updated AppStream metadata .
Changes in 3.0.2 :
* Added back a description file implementing the freedesktop.org AppData specification .
Changes in 3.0.1 :
* Fixed installation and integratin of hicolor application icon .
Changes in 3.0 :
* Yakuake was ported to KDE Frameworks 5 and Qt 5 .
* A new default skin follows the Plasma 5 Breeze design .
* Terminal focus is now preserved more reliably when closing and reopening Yakuake .
* Config changes made via the title bar menu are now synced to disk immediately , and thus preserved if Yakuake is killed instead of quit gracefully .
* The option to auto - update tab titles with the title bar contents no longer interferes with manually setting a tab title .
To return to auto - updating just clear the title .
* Performance improvements in the compositor - unassisted animation code path .
* Fixed bug causing incorrect window height calculation in multi-monitor systems .
Changes in older releases : https://projects.kde.org/projects/extragear/utils/yakuake/repository/revisions/master/entry/ChangeLog
Please ask President Obama to :
Dis-invite PM
Netanyahu from tomorrow 's visit Bibi just dis-invited himself .
Condemn the piracy in no uncertain terms , and demand the immediate release of the illegally captured boats , allowing them to continue to Gaza unimpeded .
Demand that Israel treat the wounded in civilian hospitals , notify their families and embassies directly and allow the latters ' access to them and pay for families to arrive to Israel to visit hospitals and for their stay .
Demand that Israel Immediately lift the siege of Gaza .
Similarly , Immediately open the West Bank to free movement of people and goods to and from Jordan .
I think that will do for a start .
If you have anything to add , please write in the comments .
----------------------------
I am afraid that on issue after issue , President Obama has shown an unwillingness to fight for what is right , until at least one moment too late .
It happened with healthcare and the public option , it happened with offshore drilling , and it is has happened intermittently with Israel - Palestine as well .
This tragedy should have never happened .
Obama himself is on record asking for the siege to be removed ; he just never cared to make this request anything more than empty words .
But I still trust that Obama is a smart man who knows what 's right .
Obama is my leader too ; we hardly have anyone else to turn to .
When he puts his mind to something , he can get a lot accomplished .
Tonight is the night to demand from him to finally do that with the poor , bleeding Holy Land .
-----------------------
8:30 AM PDT UPDATE : I went to sleep having no idea this diary would make it to the rec list and out while I 'm away .
As a result it got a lot of attention from good bloggers who are , however , not very familiar with I -P .
I was blamed by someone who hijacked the TJ , of taking " cheap shots " at Obama .
There was no " cheap shot " at Obama here .
This is a serious , reality based policy criticism , and yes , it is directly related to today 's massacre .
Two days ago , my diary 's subject was the flotilla itself and Israel 's response .
Whoever read it , got a pretty good ( and frighteningly foreboding ) analysis of what 's going on .
Almost no mention of Obama .
This particular short diary written in the middle of the night with shock and outrage over what 's happened , is about US policy on Gaza - and yes , this does mean addressing Obama 's actions on the matter .
Unpleasant as it is .
Progressive Israel - Palestine activists have a 2 - year frustration with the President .
He was the candidate coming into the race with the best - ever knowledge of the facts and of both sides about this conflict .
But immediately after winning the Democratic primaries he chose to capitulate to the political status quo .
We were the canaries in the coal mine regarding a risk - avoidance pattern that has since , unfortunately , become Obama 's hallmark .
I was far less surprised than others here , when Obama chose a path - of - least - resistance on issue after issue , rather than take on some risk and press for the right policies .
That being said , I still trust Obama 's ability to learn , and his talents as a leader , should he really set his mind to it .
And yes , this means that the risk - avoidance pattern should be changed .
For Israel - Palestine and in particular the Gaza siege , Obama has perhaps more leverage than on any other issue .
Israel is a US client state .
American pressure applied at the right time and place can achieve immediate results .
All Presidents did that , even Colin Powell turned back an Israel incursion of Gaza in March 2001 , with a single phone call .
Obama can bring about the release of the captive boats with a single phone call , and he can end the entire siege with not much more .
In other words , had Obama really wanted , the siege would have ended long ago .
There is also a very important flip side to this .
We here can keep pretending ( as many commenters do ) that Israel is some foreign third - party whose actions have little to do with the US or with the President .
But around the world , Israeli power is perceived as a direct extension of American power .
The world in general , does hold the US accountable for the crap that Israel does .
Even more so , for the crap Israel gets away with .
Therefore , there does need to be a greater sense of urgency and self - empowerment in the way the President deals with Israel .
American Jews voted overwhelmingly for Obama , in spite of virulent racist campaign against him from some right - wing Jewish circles and from Israel .
There 's probably not a single American Jew who has n't received from family / friends some hate mail against Obama , and yet nearly 80 % of us voted for him .
So at face value , he 's the first President who literally owes nothing to the vaunted " Israel Lobby " .
His election finally proved that this network of political thugs has become paper tigers , generals without armies .
Not only do the professional lobbies such as AIPAC not represent American Jewry anymore ; they have completely , irreversibly lost the younger Jewish generation except for its right - wing zealot fringe .
Obama has literally nothing to fear but fear itself .
In short : it 's morning , the WH switchboard is on ( comment line is not ) , please call ( 202)456-1414 .
State Dept. ( 202 ) 647-4000 .
Ask for the above , and for hope and change on Gaza in particular , on I - P in general .
Link to info about protests around the world .
Thank you .
ABOUT VITAE
Vitae Financial Recruitment : specialists in Temporary , Permanent and Contract recruitment within the finance and accounting markets .
Dedicated to exceptional service delivery within Hertfordshire , Bedfordshire , Buckinghamshire , Berkshire , Middlesex and Essex , as well as our London based portfolio .
Our mantra is and always will be , delivering the highest calibre of candidates to our selected client portfolio .
Whether we are working with a commercial giant or small entrepreneurial start - up , our focus remains the same ; Recruitment that is driven by candidate quality - not quantity , strategy - not sales , and talent - not black and white CVs .
Our clients and candidates alike return to us , not just because we are accounting recruitment specialists , but because we only work with individuals who we believe have the potential to make a real difference .
Anyone who has used a recruitment agency before will be familiar with some of the associated stereotypes .
Many agencies make promises based on the size of their database , client portfolio and number of staff .
We believe they are missing the point and invariably under deliver ...
Stracciatelle , meaning
Little Rags
in Italian , is a common soup that the old folks made for us when we were sick .
It is really a Roman version of egg - drop soup , Italian style .
This recipe is so easy and quick to make that it is perfect for a last minute , in a hurry , first course or a stand alone soup .
Over the years the recipe has evolved with the use of various ingredients .
The real beauty of this soup is that it can be freshly made in individual servings , and in under five minutes .
This is a great soup to make on a cold winter 's day .
Ingredients
6 cups chicken broth .
If you do not have your own , use reduced fat and sodium broth
4 large eggs
4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano cheese
3 tablespoons bread crumbs .
Use your own seasoned bread crumbs
1 tablespoon finely minced parsley
Pinch of white pepper
Optional pinch of nutmeg
Modern Italian Kitchen Version .
This is a single serve portion that has a slightly thicker consistency .
8 oz . can of reduced fat and sodium chicken broth , or use your own
2 large eggs or a 4 oz .
container of egg substitute
2 oz. of seasoned Italian bread crumbs
2 Tablespoons of grated cheese
Pinch of white pepper
Optional pinch of nutmeg
Preparation :
Bring 5 cups of the chicken broth to a boil .
In a bowl , combine the eggs , cheese , bread crumbs , and parsley in one cup of cold broth .
Slowly pour the mix into the boiling broth and stir with a fork until the egg mixture separates into little shreds or rags as the Italians call it .
Continue to stir for a little less than three to five minutes .
For the modern version , bring the broth to a boil and stir in the mixture .
Reserve one tablesppon of broth to add to the mixture before it is added to the boiling broth .
Fresh parsley and nutmeg are options .
I do not add any salt due to the sodium in the grated cheese .
This soup that should be served immediately .
This may also be finished with grated cheese .
Mr. Trichet also warned governments that they must attack the debt problem vigorously .
“ For us what is absolutely decisive is the commitment of governments of the euro area to take all measures needed to meet their fiscal targets this year and in the years ahead , ” Mr. Trichet said in Basel .
The central bank , which had said buying bonds was not even on the agenda at its regular meeting last Thursday , announced the reversal early Monday after an emergency telephone conference by members of its Governing Council .
The purchases began Monday , but the central bank did not immediately say which government bonds the banks are buying or what amounts .
A Bundesbank spokesman also declined to provide details .
Michael Schubert , an analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt , said the central bank might initially buy Portuguese bonds as a signal that the Greece crisis will not be allowed to infect other euro zone countries .
“ This could be a successful means of putting a halt to the domino effect , ” Mr. Schubert said in a research note .
The bank ’s bond - buying program , which will be conducted via the central banks in nations that belong to the euro , could amount to about 110 billion euros , or about 5 percent of the total volume outstanding .
The Fed has spent about the same amount in percentage terms buying bonds to stabilize American financial markets .
In its statement , the European Central Bank said that the liquidity that the bond purchases would pump into the European financial system would be “ sterilized , ” or offset with other monetary operations to drain liquidity from the system .
In doing so , the bank seemed to be trying to answer criticism that buying bonds is the same as printing money and could lead to inflation .
According to Commerzbank , the expiration of 442 billion euros in one - year loans in June will automatically drain cash from the financial system .
However , the European Central Bank also announced new lending to prevent a repeat of late 2008 , when banks ’ doubts about each other ’s solvency caused interbank lending to seize up .
graphic design
Are you looking out for graphic design companies ?
If yes , then your search ends here with Gulf Web Studio !
In this fast paced world , regardless of what your business is , you just have a few seconds to impress your potential customers .
And this few seconds can make or break your business indeed .
Companies all over the world rely on innovative graphic designto attract their prospects .
We , with our expertise , have helped hundreds of companies reach their customers with our variety of services in UAE .
Whether it is a Flyers Designor a Newsletter Design for your business , our experienced Graphic designer will get your words reach your audience .
We , with our services for Brochure Design and E - Catalogue design , have gained a rapport as the best company in Dubai & Sharjah ever .
Our skilled team of creative designers blend the latest in technology with the state of art designs from our matchless graphic design portfolioto create the best impression for your business .
We , even with our Postcard design service , help you create your identity .
We , stand out from the other graphic design companies in Bahrain for our finest designs in the perfect colors !
If you wish to spread the professional essence of our business , then get in touch with us !
With us , you are bound to get exceptional graphic designservices .
Click here to view our portfolio .
Looking for designers or developers for your next project ?
Black Pixel offers design , development , and testing services backed by unrivaled experience .
Hire Us
That new app of ours , Bistromath , sports a custom numeric keypad for entering prices .
This is n’t unusual ; you ’ll have seen something similar on almost every Finance app in the App Store because the iPhone ’s standard 12 - button numpad lacks a decimal point .
What ’s unusual about ours ( beside Bil ’s dogged persistence to make it the best custom keyboard iPhone OS 3.1 can handle , bar none ) is the order of the keys : most iPhone apps arrange their buttons like a calculator with the top row ordered 7 - 8 - 9 , while Bistromath ’s are laid out like a telephone with the 1 - 2 - 3 on top .
This decision was n’t arrived at lightly , mostly because I could n’t make a choice until I knew why there were two options in the first place !
It seemed mysterious and arbitrary and , frankly , stupid that they could be so similar and still so different .
Were calculators optimized for math , and phones optimized for mental recall ?
Or were they both just mechanical artifacts of a bygone era , like the analog clock face or the QWERTY keyboard ?
I did some research , and found the answers in an old American Scientist article by Henry Petroski that I ’ll summarize here ( It ’s behind a paywall , my apologies ) .
Calculators
Calculators inherited much of their design from the mechanical adding machines of yore , which had their keys arranged in long columns like a steampunk abacus .
Each column was a power of ten ( meaning an eight column adder could handle numbers just shy of one hundred million ) with the numbers nine through one spilling down the column in descending order .
The higher numbers were literally higher on the machine .
When the big adding machines gave way to ten key adders , and then to electronic calculators , the columns were collapsed into a single numpad .
The high - to - low descending order stayed as it had on the columnar design , and it ’s understandable why .
After all , if you were trying to transition an existing customer base from one adder to another , would n’t you try to keep it friction - free as possible ?
Phones
If you ’re Ma Bell , the answer to that question is “ no . ” Bell Labs started playing with the idea of a push - button telephone in the 1950s .
They knew the rotary dial would n’t last forever , but were n’t rushed to replace it because speed to market is not a pressing concern for monopolies .
They wanted to do it right .
Bell ’s scientists produced a massive variety of dialers and tested them all on ordinary people in a lab setting .
They were trying to find the best possible numpad by measuring input speed , error rate , and people ’s stated preference .
They tried circular layouts , triangular layouts , buttons arranged in rows , in columns , and grids .
The now - familiar 7 - 8 - 9 and 1 - 2 - 3 layouts were both tested as part of this Numpad Battle Royale .
The fastest dialing speeds were found with layouts that aped the existing rotary dial , and the most user - preferred layout was long , with two horizontal rows .
But the eventual balance of speed , error rate , user preference , and practicality put the 1 - 2 - 3 grid on Bell ’s phones , and the world followed .
So ?
To this day we ’re stuck with two numpad layouts that are incredibly similar , but just different enough to slow you down when you switch between them .
Apple ’s phone uses the 1 - 2 - 3 layout , and their Calculator app uses 7 - 8 - 9 ( though its appearance has more to do with Dieter Rams than anything else ) .
Most of our competitors arrange their buttons like a calculator , and probably with good reason .
Lots of professional types — payroll clerks , accountants , cashiers — use a 7 - 8 - 9 layout for hours a day , and Bistromath ’s layout probably frustrates them .
But most people are n’t payroll clerks or accountants or cashiers .
I use a calculator maybe once or twice a week , and my Apple keyboard does n’t even have a numpad , but there are some things we all use every day : telephones , TV remotes , ATMs , and supermarket debit terminals .
These everyday machines follow the 1 - 2 - 3 layout pioneered by Bell , and we use them so often I ’m willing to bet you could type your ATM PIN blindfolded .
By comparison , the calculator layout is almost niche .
And that , friends , is why Bistromath has a numpad like a telephone .
Vampires Of Venice
The official site has updated with three new clips from - see them in the player below .
Visit the episode section HERE
Today I read an op-ed in the New York Times that made me so angry it took me a good couple hours to calm down after reading it .
I 'm still fuming .
In the piece , entitled " Tearing Away the Veil " ( no violent or rape -y overtones there ! ) , the leader of the French National Assembly , Jean - François Copé , tries to argue why the impending ban on the burqa and niqab is not only necessary , but a good thing for France and democracy .
In doing so , however , he manages to uphold every single negative stereotype about French politics and culture .
His essay is absolutely breathtaking in its snobbery , xenophobia , chauvinism , privilege , and unabashed hateration .
The ban would apply to the full - body veil known as the burqa or niqab .
This is not an article of clothing - it is a mask , a mask worn at all times , making identification or participation in economic and social life virtually impossible .
Advertisement
Except that women wearing the niqab and the burqa participate fully in economic and social life every single day , in France and elsewhere .
It in no way prevents them from interacting with people or going about their business …unless someone is discriminating against them .
This face covering poses a serious safety problem at a time when security cameras play an important role in the protection of public order .
An armed robbery recently committed in the Paris suburbs by criminals dressed in burqas provided an unfortunate confirmation of this fact .
As a mayor , I cannot guarantee the protection of the residents for whom I am responsible if masked people are allowed to run about .
Advertisement
Masked people !
Allowed to run about !
WON'T SOMEONE THINK OF THE CHILDREN ????
This public safety argument is patently alarmist and ridiculous .
France is hardly overrun with burqa - wearing criminals , and even if criminals might wear burqas as disguises , that 's no reason to ban all burqas .
I 'm sure in France criminals also wear hoodies , ski-masks or stockings pulled over their heads to disguise themselves , and yet no one proposes a ban on those .
The visibility of the face in the public sphere has always been a public safety requirement .
It was so obvious that until now it did not need to be enshrined in law .
Advertisement
It 's a public safety requirement has never been imposed before , or on non-Muslim French .
But now that there are some Muslims around - who just do n't get how obvious it is - the French need to enshrine it so they have a legal pretext for forcing their customs on Muslim immigrants … in the name of safety , of course .
But the increase in women wearing the niqab , like that of the ski mask favored by criminals , changes that .
We must therefore adjust our law , without waiting for the phenomenon to spread .
Advertisement
So I assume he 's banning ski-masks ?
Because he just totally made the argument to ban ski masks AND implied women in niqabs might be criminals …. in the same fucking sentence !
Oh , and France must do it now , without waiting for the phenomenon to spread .
It 's important to deprive citizens of their civil rights now instead of waiting for a legal basis for doing so !
When white men start talking about the need for pre-emptive strikes , you know nothing good will follow .
Individual liberty is vital , but individuals , like communities , must accept compromises that are indispensable to living together , in the name of certain principles that are essential to the common good .
Advertisement
It 's not a compromise if a group of people is being forced to give up something and getting nothing in exchange .
That 's a sacrifice .
Copé expects French Muslims to willingly sacrifice their civil rights in the name of certain principles that are essential to the common good .
He 's tellingly silent about what exactly those principles are , or what constitutes the common good .
The fact that he can't offer up a single specific example of how Muslim women would benefit from the ban means it 's not a compromise at all , nor is he thinking of the good of those women or their community .
It 's simply the majority 's need for conformity being forced on the minority .
But here 's the part where I totally blew my top .
Boldface mine :
How can you establish a relationship with a person who , by hiding a smile or a glance - those universal signs of our common humanity - refuses to exist in the eyes of others ?
Finally , in both France and the United States , we recognize that individual liberties cannot exist without individual responsibilities .
This acknowledgment is the basis of all our political rights .
We are free as long as we are responsible individuals who can be held accountable for our actions before our peers .
But the niqab and burqa represent a refusal to exist as a person in the eyes of others .
The person who wears one is no longer identifiable ; she is a shadow among others , lacking individuality , avoiding responsibility .
Advertisement
Wow .
Just wow .
According to this French elected official , a woman in a burqa is not a human being .
Because the white man can't see her face , she ceases to exist .
If he can't gaze upon her to his satisfaction , according to his own cultural standards , she has no individuality , no rights , no responsibilities .
She becomes a non-person to him .
How fucking wrong is that ?
I mean , really , I do n't know how you can recover making a statement that blatantly wrong - headed .
But he tries :
From this standpoint , banning the veil in the street is aimed at no particular religion and stigmatizes no particular community .
Advertisement
Except the one it's aimed at : the French Muslim community .
What makes this obvious bigotry even more appalling to me is that Copé is the son of an Ashkenazi Jewish father and an Algerian Jewish mother .
Belonging to more than one minority group - groups with very rocky histories in France - does n't seem to have given him even a smidge of tolerance or compassion for other despised minorities .
Indeed , French Muslim leaders have noted that the Koran does not instruct women to cover their faces , while in Tunisia and Turkey , it is forbidden in public buildings ; it is even prohibited during the pilgrimage to Mecca .
Muslims are the first to suffer from the confusions engendered by this practice , which is a blow against the dignity of women .
Advertisement
Muslims are the first to suffer from the confusions ?
How fucking patronizing is that ?
The French authorities are only banning Muslim dress so those poor silly Muslims wo n't cause any confusion to their neighbors !
As opposed to educating the neighbors about tolerance and Muslim custom , of course .
And in the same breath , he actually says that this paternalistic , condescending bullshit actually upholds the dignity of women ?
Through a legal ban , French parliamentarians want to uphold a principle that should apply to all : the visibility of the face in the public sphere , which is essential to our security and is a condition for living together .
A few extremists are contesting this obvious fact by using our democratic liberties as an instrument against democracy .
We have to tell them no .
Advertisement
I think I know who the extremist is here : the elected official who uses democracy as a pretext to insult , patronize and even dehumanize the fellow citizens whose customs and religion are different from his own .
I 'm going to go farther than " tell them no . "
Jean - François Copé , I 'm telling you : ferme ta guele .
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on the blog The Pursuit of Harpyness .
Republished with permission .
For years , townsfolk have been terrified of the backwoods recluse known as Felix Bush ( Robert Duvall ) .
People say he ’s done all manner of unspeakable things — — that he ’s killed in cold blood ; that he ’s in league with the Devil ; that he has strange powers —— and they avoid him like the plague .
Then , one day , Felix rides to town with a shotgun and a wad of cash , saying he wants to buy a funeral .
It ’s not your usual funeral for the dead Felix wants .
On the contrary , he wants a “ living funeral , ” in which anyone who ever had heard a story about him will come to tell it , while he takes it all in .
Sensing a big payday in the offing , fast — talking funeral home owner Frank Quinn ( Bill Murray ) enlists his gentlemanly young apprentice , Buddy Robinson ( Lucas Black ) , to win over Felix ’s business .
Buddy is no stranger to Felix ’s dark reputation , but what he discovers is that behind Felix ’s surreal plan lies a very real and long — held secret that must get out .
As the funeral approaches , the mystery – which involves the widow Maddie Darrow ( Sissy Spacek ) , the only person in town who ever got close to Felix , and the Illinois preacher Charlie Jackson ( Bill Cobbs ) , who refuses to speak at his former friend ’s funeral – only deepens .
But on the big day , Felix is in no mood to listen to other people spinning made — up anecdotes about him .
This time , he ’s the one who is going to do the telling about why he has been hiding out in the woods .
Protecting the US president has presented the secret service with the greatest challenge in its history .
But who wants to kill him ?
And how likely are they to succeed ?
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Wednesday 10 March 2010
The piece below about US presidential security and the guarding of Barack Obama said that one reason John Kennedy was exposed to assassination was that he had asked for the bullet - proof glass bubble to be taken off the limousine that would carry him though Dallas in 1963 .
In fact , the removable plastic roof panels were not bullet - proof .
The Southern Poverty Law Center began life in 1971 as a tiny law firm specialising in civil rights cases .
It took on the might of the Ku Klux Klan , and was duly rewarded by having its offices razed and its senior lawyers targeted for assassination .
But it kept on going and grew to be one of the most respected monitoring groups of rightwing extremism in America today .
Recently it brought out a report called Terror From the Right , which identifies , in chronological order , the serious home - grown plots , conspiracies and racist rampages that have been cooked up in America since the Oklahoma City bomb in 1995 .
The list runs to 10 pages of closely printed type and itemises 75 domestic terrorism events , from plans to bomb government buildings to attempts to kill judges and politicians .
Each of the incidents aimed to change the political face of America through violence , courtesy of groups with such titles as Aryan People 's Republic , The New Order and The Hated .
But in the summer of 2008 the chronology takes on a sharp change of tack .
Entries , which had been running at one or two per year , start coming faster .
And instead of a variety of different targets , one name crops up time and time again : Barack Obama .
The first such entry is for 8 June 2008 .
Six people , linked to a militia group in rural Pennsylvania , are arrested with stockpiles of assault rifles and homemade bombs .
One of the six allegedly tells the authorities that he intended to shoot black people from a rooftop and predicts civil war should Obama , who five days previously had cleared the Democratic nomination for president , be elected to the White House .
Next entry : 24 August 2008 .
The day before the opening of the Democratic convention in Denver at which Obama was nominated , three white supremacists are arrested in possession of high - powered rifles and camouflage clothing .
They are talking about assassinating Obama .
24 October 2008 : Less than two weeks before the election , two white supremacists are arrested in Tennessee over a bizarre plan to kill more than 100 black people , including Obama .
21 January 2009 : The day after Obama 's inauguration , a white man is arrested in Massachusetts , having allegedly killed two black immigrants and injured a third .
He says he was " fighting for a dying race " .
10 June 2009 : James von Brunn , aged 88 , walks into the Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington and shoots dead a security guard .
Von Brunn , who died last month in jail awaiting trial , left a note that read : " Obama was created by Jews . "
In the 13 months that Barack Obama has been the occupant of the Oval Office he has been the subject of an extraordinary outpouring of emotion from the American electorate .
At the start it was largely adulatory , though more recently the adoration has been drowned out by a cacophony of criticism from tea party activists , birthers , global - warming deniers and viewers of Fox News .
At the same time , largely hidden from view , there has been a layer of antagonism towards Obama that lies well beyond the boundaries of reasonable political debate .
That has been a fact of life for Obama and his family since long before they took the keys to the White House .
On 2 May 2007 , fully 18 months before election day , he was assigned a secret service detail – much earlier than any other presidential candidate in American history .
The precise reasons for the move have never been disclosed , but there was certainly a mood in the air sufficiently palpable to disconcert Michelle Obama .
A senior US official in the State Department has told the Guardian that before he decided to run for the presidency , Obama had actively to win Michelle over to the idea by assuaging her fears about the potential of an attack on him , her and / or their two daughters .
Michelle would have been aware of the backstory here : that Colin Powell had declined to run for the 1996 Republican nomination partly because his wife Alma feared his assassination at the hands of white supremacists .
Over the course of the long presidential race , Michelle spoke openly about her anxieties and how she had determined to overcome them , telling 60 Minutes that she had decided to fling herself into the race because " I am tired of being afraid " .
According to John Heilemann and Mark Halperin's new account of the 2008 election , Game Change [ UK title , Race of a Lifetime ] , she eventually felt relaxed enough to crack sardonic jokes about the subject .
" I 've already gone out and increased our life insurance on [ Barack ] , " she quipped .
" You just ca n't be too careful ! "
But as the Southern Poverty Law Center survey shows , the issue of safety and the 44th president remains anything but a laughing matter .
" Virtually every domestic terrorist event we have identified since June 2008 – when it became obvious that Obama was going to win – has been directly related to him , " says the author of the report , Mark Potok .
Apart from the Obamas themselves , the burden of such a threat falls primarily on the shoulders of the US secret service , and as Joseph Petro , head of global security for Citigroup , puts it , the challenges facing the service today are unlike any period that has gone before .
On top of all the usual risks associated with guarding the world 's most powerful politician , there is now the added , explosive ingredient of his race .
" As the first black president he creates a whole other set of issues for the secret service to deal with , " he says .
Petro can claim to be something of an expert in this area : he spent 23 years as a special agent in the service , four of them , from 1982 to 1986 , as the man who stood beside Ronald Reagan .
He knows what it 's like to be the last line of protection , how it feels to be in a milling crowd in which you are surrounded by thousands of potential assailants , what it is to live with the constant knowledge that any mistake – a split second taking your eye off the ball – could be fatal .
Petro has a formula for measuring the potential dangers for any particular incumbent of the White House .
You take the general atmosphere of the times in which they are in office and combine it with the specific personality that the president brings to the job .
In both regards , he says , Obama presents a huge task .
" In Obama , we have a president with a very unique personality who likes to be out with the people .
Put that together with the political atmosphere of these times that is highly partisan and vitriolic , then include race , and we 've got a big challenge .
There 's no margin for error . "
Petro's point about the role the president 's personality plays in his own safety is ably illustrated by the single most disastrous failure in the secret service 's history – the event that every incoming trainee agent spends hours and hours studying until it is drilled into his or her bone marrow .
Judged by modern security standards , the shooting of John F Kennedy in Dallas on 22 November 1963 should for several reasons never have happened .
The parade route Kennedy took was publicised in advance – a cardinal sin by the rule book of today .
Lee Harvey Oswald had a relatively easy line of fire from the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository , which would these days have been thoroughly swept and sealed off .
But it was the orders given by Kennedy himself that did for him – the president asked for the bullet - proof glass bubble to be taken off his limousine and for agents not to ride on the back of the car , thus leaving himself utterly exposed .
In the last analysis , as Kennedy proved at his own cost , a president can only be as safe as he allows himself to be .
Agents can advise the commander - in - chief what is best for his security , but they can not give him orders .
" The secret service would want to take the president to Camp David straight after the inauguration and keep him there out of any contact with the public for the next four years .
But they know that 's not possible , " Petro says .
During his presidential campaign , Obama would regularly mingle among crowds of astonishing size .
But since his inauguration he has clearly responded to the guidance of his protecting agents , detaching himself considerably from direct public engagement .
To some extent , that is only normal – he is no longer running in an election .
But for a president who promised to break down barriers between politicians and people , it is noticeable how sparingly he is seen in public these days , and how the events he does appear at are almost invariably staged indoors .
Over the years , the secret service has developed a range of technological devices for improving security .
Petro recalls asking Reagan on several occasions to wear a bulletproof vest .
( Reagan would grumble and groan but usually comply . )
Over the last decade , such innovations have come thick and fast .
A whole new array of gadgetry has been added to the service 's armoury , from face - recognition technology to a new generation of armoured vehicles .
Obama rides in a Cadillac with military grade eight - inch thick doors ; on election night in November 2008 he gave his victory speech to a crowd of almost a quarter of a million people from behind bullet - proof glass walls designed to foil sniper attacks .
But gadgetry is only as effective as the people who use it .
In the last analysis , the human factor remains supreme , as was illustrated last November when two reality show hopefuls gatecrashed a White House function , penetrating the inner core of the building and shaking Obama 's hand .
As it happened , they had no malice towards the president .
But in the mindset of the mortified secret service that did n't matter ; they could have done .
Which on some level is the nature of the beast : being president of the United States is a high - risk enterprise , as Abraham Lincoln , James Garfield , William McKinley and John Kennedy all found out the hard way .
Danger can come at a president from any number of directions .
It can come from the lone deranged gunman .
It can come too , theoretically , from international terrorism of the Islamist variety .
But al - Qaida experts point out that the closest the group has come to a direct attack on the president was 9/11 itself .
" From al - Qaida 's view , to assassinate the president would be very desirable , " says Yehudit Barsky , a terrorism specialist at the American Jewish Committee .
" But it would be difficult for them to go after him not because they do n't want to but because their capacity is so impaired . "
Which is why in the overall assessment of risk to Obama , so much attention is settling on rightwing extremist groups who are already operating inside America , are armed and ideologically motivated , and in some cases potentially capable of desperate acts .
This brings us back to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which has been tracking the activity of potentially violent militia groups since the last great wave in the 1990s when the so - called Patriot movement ballooned in proportion to rising rightwing anger towards Bill Clinton and fears of impending gun control .
That wave of opprobrium culminated in the Oklahoma bombing in which 168 died and 680 more were injured .
The centre 's latest report , released last week , records an astonishing mushrooming in extremist anti-government Patriot groups who see the Obama administration as a plot to impose " one- world government " on liberty - loving Americans .
The numbers leapt from 149 groups in 2008 to 512 groups in 2009 , of which 127 were classed as paramilitary groups .
" We know there has been a spike in activity across a broad range of things , particularly with regard to the notion that this government is illegitimate , " says Brian Levin , a criminologist who heads the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University .
Levin says the phenomenon is evident in rural areas around the Appalachian mountains and Great Lakes and into the west and Pacific north - west , where new armed militia groups are spontaneously emerging ; and he has no doubt about why this is happening right now : " We 've always had people who hate the president , we 've always had conspiracies , but the fact that we have a black president at a time of economic tumult makes these conspiracies much more volatile among a far wider group of people . "
Chip Berlet , an analyst of rightwing extremism at the Massachusetts - based group Political Research Associates , estimates that there have been nine murders by individuals who have white supremacist , xenophobic or antisemitic leanings since the inauguration of Obama .
Berlet sees similarities in the current foment to the militia agitation of the 1990s .
" Anger is spilling over from people who believe Obama is coming to remove their liberties , seize their guns , enslave the white American nation .
What 's new is that they can now recruit and communicate online , and that makes it very much more dangerous for the president . "
Montana is one of the rural states where resurgent extreme rightwing activity can be detected .
Travis McAdam has been tracking such activity for the last two decades on behalf of the Montana Human Rights Network , so has a unique vantage point for what is going on today .
" The hatred that 's there is very real .
It 's more than a gut - level hatred of having an African - American as president , it 's also ideological – these people see black people as sub-human .
Groups are popping up that have a new message and are using Obama to recruit new members . "
White supremacist forums that provide closed talking shops for members only have been abuzz with anti-Obama rhetoric since the presidential election .
In one such talkboard , monitored by a watchdog group , a correspondent writes : " if we want to see the overthrow or the cleansing of society then we should support Obama being where he is !
I believe in the coming war .
With this Nig as President he will just speed up the process .
He 's a catylist !
Is 'nt this what we want ? "
Another says : " Our backs are really against the wall now .
We need progressive activism and we need to be solution orientated .
For a Whiter future for our children . "
A third says : " I never thought I 'd ever see the day when a monkey ran my country & I 'm 34 .
I weep for our children . "
For McAdam , the crucial question is how to sort this body of vitriol into its constituent parts – to separate out those individuals and groups who may be offensive and repulsive in their choice of words but are essentially harmless , from those that have the potential to be truly violent .
He likes to think of it as a funnel , at the top of which are many people drawn to radical right groups for all sorts of reasons – gun rights , taxation , Obama - as - alien , or whatever .
Most never go further than that level , but some do .
" As they dig into the subject , going down into the funnel , they start to lose connection with the social networks around them that keep them tied to normality .
Down , down they go , and eventually out the other end of the funnel emerges the Oklahoma bomber , Timothy McVeigh , who says , ' Our country is under attack , I must do something about it . ' "
It 's the thought that some may be emerging from the end of the funnel at this politically charged moment , McAdam says , that bothers him so , and makes him think that " violence against President Obama is a real concern " .
McVeigh , executed in June 2001 , is a name that crops up frequently among the extremism monitors .
It comes up again when Mark Potok gives his last word on the threat to Barack Obama .
The white supremacists and anti-government militia who are out to get the president should not be underestimated , he says .
" These groups are n't al - Qaida .
Most of them look vastly more bumbling than effective . "
But then he adds : " It only takes one to get through .
Timothy McVeigh taught us that . "
• This article was amended on 8 March 2010 to add the UK title of the US book Game Change .
Growing cherries is always a roll of the dice for farmers , because if rain falls when the fruits are ripe on the tree , a large portion of them can split and be ruined .
You ’d think that by late May the main danger would have passed , but J.P. Barbagelata , who is hoping to bring Bings to the Santa Monica market next Wednesday , had the agonizing experience of driving off last Tuesday just as the rain was starting to fall on his farm in Linden , near Stockton .
As he drove he heard that a quarter - inch had fallen , and that more was expected .
“ That ’s enough to do serious damage , but I wo n’t know the extent for several days , ” he said , grimacing .
Most of the growers who sell at farmers markets in the Southland come from Fresno and points south , where less rain fell , so there should still be plenty of cherries here .
In terms of fruit quality , cherries have fared much better in this cool spring than peaches and nectarines , which in addition to being a week or so late , have not in many cases had sufficient heat to develop full flavor .
Buying cherries is always a bit of a crapshoot for consumers — the same variety that is tart one week may be perfect the next , and over the hill two weeks later .
Good past experience with a grower does count for a lot , but the best way to make sure you ’re getting top - quality fruit is to stay nimble and sample from several different vendors before you buy .
Advertisement
When I have the time I prefer to “ cherry pick ” fruits individually so I can select the largest , darkest , plumpest specimens and avoid malformed , light - colored and damaged fruits .
The downside of this strategy is that it can take a long time to pick out the premium fruit , and by the end of the market the best may be gone .
If you arrive late , buying prefilled bags or cups of cherries may be a better bet .
Surprisingly often , some vendors , especially at less reputable markets , will set out a display consisting almost entirely of culls — look carefully and you ’ll see that almost every fruit has a defect , like a doubled form , or a little spur near the stem .
As long as there ’s no damage like bird pecks or mold , such fruits are edible , and sometimes taste OK .
But they should always sell for substantially less than top - grade fruits , like half - price ; if you pay full price for culls you are being rooked .
Good cherries will be dark for their variety and have fresh , green stems , indicating that they were recently harvested .
Cherries without their stems are fine if you ’ll be eating them within a few days , but they do n’t keep as well as fruits with intact stems .
Similarly , look for fruits that are medium to large for their variety .
Runts can have decent flavor but are less satisfying to eat , as they have a higher proportion of pit and skin to flesh .
Advertisement
The most common varieties , like Bing , Brooks and Rainier , are of the biggareau type , which is supposed to be firm .
But there are a few varieties , such as Black Tartarian , which are of an older type called gean .
These are supposed to be somewhat soft , and some of these cherries have the best flavor of all .
Bing , of course , is the classic variety and the standard of quality for cherries , but because it requires a fair bit of winter chill and fares poorly in regions with superhot summers , it is mostly grown upstate near Stockton , which benefits from cool maritime breezes that blow in through the San Joaquin Delta .
Much of Southern and Central California is too hot for best production and quality of Bing and other older varieties , but there are a few local growing districts at higher elevations , such as Leona Valley — famous for its U - picks — Cuyama , Tehachapi and Anza , where cherries grow well .
There are also a very few areas close to the coast , such as parts of Lompoc , Santa Ynez and San Luis Obispo , that the maritime influence makes suitable for cherry - growing .
Production in such areas is limited , and at farmers markets there ’s tremendous demand for fresh cherries that exceeds the local supply .
Some vendors succumb to the temptation to profit by supplementing their supplies of locally grown fruit of superior quality and freshness with fruit purchased at wholesale .
Last year , when a huge crop in the Northwest led to dirt - cheap wholesale prices , such cheating appeared to be rampant at many markets with lax management .
Advertisement
It ’s difficult for farmers market customers to determine whether an individual vendor is cheating by peddling illicitly purchased fruit , because some growers carry “ second certificates ” allowing them to sell for one or two other farmers .
But if a farm from some improbable cherry - growing locale , like low elevations in San Diego County , sets out copious displays of cherries all the way into August , there ’s a good chance they ’re buying the same fruit that you could purchase for less at supermarkets .
food@latimes.com
47 Shares Pin
Within Denmark ’s capital Copenhagen exists another world called Christiania .
It ’s a small area within the city that proclaimed its independence from the state in 1971 , and an intriguing place to visit and experience .
There are some ground rules and many questions that come up while walking around Christiania , and some residents will even warn you to avoid the place as I was right outside this Danish bakery .
Despite its rough look around the edges , Christiania is one place you should visit if you ’re ever in Copenhagen to catch a community making a rapid and often difficult transition .
What Is Christiania ?
Christiania is a neighborhood within Copenhagen that is on the site of an old military base that was taken over by squatters in 1971 .
The residents then declared it a self - governing entity which has since existed in a tense relationship with the Danish government .
Technically , Christiania is regarded more of as a commune that is under a set of special limited laws .
Many visitors assume Christiania is a society that was founded by hippies , although its more complicated than that .
It ’s ideals are a culmination of leftist and anarchist principles ( but that ’s something of an oversimplification ) .
Some Ground Rules
When you first enter Christiania , you ’ll notice colorful graffiti everywhere ; painting the image of love , openness , and harmony .
It ’s important to note that taking pictures is forbidden in parts of Christiania but out here near the children ’s park it ’s OK ( just ask people before you take pictures of them ) .
There are a few other simple ground rules that are at the heart of Christiania :
No guns .
No violence .
No stealing .
No hard drugs .
There is also the informal rule of no running throughout Christiania – the act is associated with drugs raids which have become more frequent in Christiania during the past few years .
Otherwise , you ’re free to walk around the entrance area , around the homes , and enter some of the buildings .
There is a museum here , although when I tried to visit , it was closed with only the lingering smell of marijuana in the hallway .
Beyond The No-Photo Zone
There is a stark contrast between the lighthearted design of the entrance and the dark colors beyond the no-photo ( or pusher ) zone .
You ’ll see signs everywhere warning you not to take pictures as drugs are being sold and smoked freely , although it is illegal in Denmark .
This part of Christiania looks a bit more rundown and you ’ll most certainly be greeted by suspicious eyes everywhere , the drug raids have taught the residents to be weary of new faces .
In contrast to the people huddled around fires burning in barrels , there are the occasional modern cafes like Cafe Nemoland next to lively bars .
The normalcy in a place that does n’t look or feel quite normal is fascinating to experience and witness , particularly as Danes from the outside walk to work or back home through the drug dealers in the neighborhood .
A World Of Contrasts and Clash
When talking to the residents of Christiania who ’ve lived in the neighborhood for more than 15 years , you get a sense that some of the original ideals are being lost with a new generation more interested in drugs than community .
Much of the dealing has been taken over by organized crime and subsequently the Danish government has taken notice .
Drug raids are common and many government officials of late have based part of their campaigns on promises of ending Christiania ’s loosely defined status .
Some of the old ideas and practices still keep the spirit alive ; all decisions within the community must be decided by unanimous vote and all living spaces cost an equal amount regardless of size , but it ’s hard to tell how long any of it will last .
Provided you follow the rules and keep your camera away you can experience Christiania safely and decide for yourself .
[ photos note :
The top picture is of the entrance of Christiania , other others I took from around Copenhagen .
I did n’t take and decided not to post any other pictures of Christiania which you can easily find online . ]
Google Inc. has invested $ 38.8 million in two North Dakota wind farms , the Internet giant 's first direct investment in utility - scale renewable energy generation .
The Mountain View , Calif. , company said in a Monday blog post that it invested in wind farms built by NextEra Energy Resources , a unit of FPL Group Inc .
The wind turbines , made by General Electric Co. , generate 169.5 megawatts of power , enough to serve more than 55,000 homes .
The ...
CHICAGO – Over a thousand workers , labor leaders , faith - based and community activists marched throughout the financial district here Wednesday demanding Congress do what ’s right and pass financial reform .
Wall Street greed and big banks created the recession and they should be the ones to fix the economic crisis by rebuilding America with jobs , activists said .
“ Goldman Sachs , Bank of America , Wells Fargo and other big banks played casino with our economy and it ’s working people that are paying the price because of their gambling , ” said Ramon Becerra , senior field representative with the AFL - CIO Midwest region .
Organizers say since the recession began , nearly 9 million jobs have been lost nationwide .
In Chicago alone 111,500 jobs have been lost over the last year and currently 445,300 are unemployed here .
As families continue to lose their jobs , homes , and retirement savings , Wall Street banks took hundreds of billions in taxpayer bailouts and paid executives $ 145 billion in pay and bonuses last year , activists said .
And now they ’re spending millions lobbying to kill financial reform in Congress .
David Borris , owner of Hel ’s Kitchen , a small catering company in the northern suburbs said , “ We can longer allow Wall Street to make billions of dollars while millions on Main Street lose their jobs and their life savings . ”
Borris continued , “ Our founding fathers never intended this country to be a place where the wealthy elite take advantage of the common working man . ”
“ It ’s time for Congress to do what they were elected to do and that ’s represent the people not the wealthy banks , ” said Borris .
“ And this is exactly why we need them to pass financial reform now . ”
Protestors at the event want Wall Street to stop standing in the way of federal reform , start lending to communities and small businesses and pay a fair share to restore jobs throughout the country that they helped destroy .
Hundreds of men and women representing dozens of unions held signs shouting , “ Workers united will never be defeated , ” and “ Banks got bailed out , we got sold out ! ”
Mike Brosseit has been a painter for 25 years and was at the rally representing the Painter ’s Union District Council 14 .
He said it ’s absolutely outrageous that as thousands of workers are being laid off , Wall Street executives continue to receive ridiculous bonuses .
“ It ’s not acceptable and they should help keep people working , ” said Brosseit .
“ It ’s never enough for them and Wall Street greed is destroying our nation . ”
Donna R. LaMontagna , representing the Office Professional Employees International Union said Wall Street greed has bled almost every American family .
“ America was built by the working class and it ’s time that Congress do the right thing , ” she said .
Michael E. Taylor with the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 241 agrees and said too many workers have been laid off recently at the Chicago Transit Authority .
“ We deserve the right to good jobs with fair wages and benefits . ”
It ’s not right that working men and women have to struggle to put food on the table to support their families , he said .
“ This is America , land of the free and fairness .
It ’s time for these big banks to operate at the same standards as everyone else , ” he said .
“ Losing jobs and losing homes should be illegal . ”
Carl Rosen , president of the Western Region of the United Electrical , Radio & Machine Workers of America said , “ We ’re tired of all the bailouts going to Wall Street and the only way to fix the economy is with jobs and we need them now .
And if the private sector is n’t going to do it then the federal government needs to step up . ”
Protestors began the event at the office of Goldman Sachs , the firm that has become symbolic of the Wall Street greed team , in which profit - seeking has led to risky behavior and was ultimately responsible for the economic crash .
Marchers demonstrated throughout Chicago ’s financial district and ended up at Federal Plaza .
“ Enough is enough , ” said Dennis Gannon , president of the Chicago Federation of Labor .
“ It ’s time to put people back to work and we want to make sure the banks hear us loud and clear .
We are fed up with their behavior and we are not going to take it anymore . ”
Also at the rally was Illinois State Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias , the Democratic nominee running for a U.S. Senate seat .
Giannoulias encouraged the massive crowd to tell everyone they know to call their congressional representatives and demand that they pass financial reform .
On Thursday more than 20,000 are expected to rally for financial reform in New York City at the heart of the world ’s financial district .
Photo : Pepe Lozano
A Woodworker ’s Guide to Tool Steel and Heat Treating
Ever wonder by what magic steel can be made either hard or soft ?
Me too .
After hardening my first plane iron , I decided to find out .
This page is the result of my research .
While there are dozens of different tool steel formulations , the only one with which I have any experience is O - 1 Oil Hardening Tool Steel .
I use O - 1 for the following reasons :
It ’s cheap and readily available
It has one of the lowest hardening temperatures of all tool steels , lending itself to home - shop heat treating
It has good resistance to warping during quenching
Machinery ’s Handbook recommends O - 1 for " tools with keen edges ( knives , razors ) " and " tools for operations where no high speed is involved , yet stability in heat treating and substantial abrasion resistance are needed "
In the following discussions , the terms " steel " , " tool steel " , and " carbon steel " should be understood as referring to O - 1 .
While the physical changes and phase relationships in heat treating are substantially the same for all tool steels , the temperatures required ( and other physical properties ) vary widely according to composition .
Note also that other fluids ( water , air ) besides oil are used to quench different tool steels , and tempering procedures also differ .
Chemical Composition of O - 1 Tool Steel Physical Properties of O - 1 Tool Steel Iron 97.1 % Hardening ( °F ) 1450 - 1500 Carbon 0.90 % ( °C ) 788 - 816 Chromium 0.50 % Tempering ( °F ) 350 - 550 Manganese 1.00 % ( °C ) 177 - 228 Tungsten 0.50 % Hardness Range ( R c ) 64 - 58
Definitions :
- Softening the tool steel for working , by heating to the hardening temperature and cooling slowly .
Slow cooling can be accomplished by burying the steel in an insulating medium such as lime or vermiculite and allowing it to cool to room temperature .
Hardening - Heating the steel to the hardening temperature and cooling suddenly by quenching in an oil bath .
Tempering - Reheating the hardened steel to the tempering temperature in order to relieve stress induced in the hardening process , and remove some of the hardness in exchange for toughness .
Untempered , hardened tool steel is nearly as brittle as glass .
What Happens During Heat Treating of Tool Steel ?
Simplified Fe - C Phase Diagram ( Steel Portion )
Carbon and Iron exist together in several different phases , depending on Carbon percentage and temperature .
A Fe-C phase diagram shows these relationships .
Four phases are important for our discussion :
Note that the diagram shown is only for the steel portion of the system .
For carbon contents of 2 - 6.67 % , the alloy is cast iron .
Above 6.67 % carbon , the alloy consists of cementite and graphite .
An alloy consisting of exactly 0.76 % Carbon and 99.24 %
Fe has the lowest temperature at which the conversion from ferrite and cementite to austentite is complete .
This is known as a eutectoid steel .
Increasing Carbon above this amount , as well as the addition of other alloying elements , also increases the temperature of complete phase transformation ( i.e. , hardening ) .
Fully annealed carbon steel consists , in addition to impurities and other alloyed elements , of a mechanical mixture of iron and iron carbide .
The iron takes the crystalline form ferrite , and the iron carbide takes the crystalline form cementite .
The overall structure consists of bands of these two components and is known as pearlite .
In this state the steel is soft and workable .
As the steel is heated above the critical temperature , about 1335 °F ( 724 °C ) , it undergoes a phase change , recrystallizing as austenite .
Continued heating to the hardening temperature , 1450 - 1500 °F ( 788-843 °C ) ensures complete conversion to austenite .
At this point the steel is no longer magnetic , and its color is cherry - red .
If the austenitic steel is cooled slowly ( the process known as annealing ) , it will return to the pearlite structure .
If , however , it is cooled suddenly by quenching in a bath of oil , a new crystal structure , martensite , is formed .
Martensite is characterized by an angular needle - like structure and very high hardness .
While martensitic steel is extremely hard , it is also extremely brittle and will break , chip , and crumble with the slightest shock .
Furthermore , internal stresses remain in the tool from the sudden quenching ; these will also facilitate breakage of the tool .
Tempering relieves these stresses and causes partial decomposition of the martensite into ferrite and cementite .
The amount of this partial phase change is controlled by the tempering temperature .
The tempered steel is not as hard as pure martensite , but is much tougher .
Effects of alloying elements on tool steel properties :
Carbon : Raising carbon content increases hardness slightly and wear resistance considerably .
Raising carbon content increases hardness slightly and wear resistance considerably .
Manganese : Small amounts of of Manganense reduce brittleness and improve forgeability .
Larger amounts of manganese improve hardenability , permit oil quenching , and reduce quenching deformation .
Small amounts of of Manganense reduce brittleness and improve forgeability .
Larger amounts of manganese improve hardenability , permit oil quenching , and reduce quenching deformation .
Silicon : Improves strength , toughness , and shock resistance .
Improves strength , toughness , and shock resistance .
Tungsten : Improves " hot hardness " - used in high - speed tool steel .
Improves " hot hardness " - used in high - speed tool steel .
Vanadium : Refines carbide structure and improves forgeability , also improving hardness and wear resistance .
Refines carbide structure and improves forgeability , also improving hardness and wear resistance .
Molybdenum : Improves deep hardening , toughness , and in larger amounts , " hot hardness " .
Used in high speed tool steel because it 's cheaper than tungsten .
Improves deep hardening , toughness , and in larger amounts , " hot hardness " .
Used in high speed tool steel because it 's cheaper than tungsten .
Chromium : Improves hardenability , wear resistance and toughness .
Improves hardenability , wear resistance and toughness .
Nickel : Improves toughness and wear resistance to a lesser degree .
Types of tool steel other than O-1 :
Why treat tool steel cryogenically ?
Including these elements in varying combinations can act synergistically , increasing the effects of using them alone .
The A and D series ( A - 2 , D - 2 , etc ) contain more chromium and are thus more wear resistant .
The S series contain more silicon and are thus more shock resistant .
The M and T series contain either more Molybdenum or Tungsten , and so are high - speed steels , with much greater hot strength .
All of these require substantially higher temperatures for hardening than O - 1 , and are not really suitable for home - shop hardening .
In some alloy tool steels , significant amounts of austenite are not converted to martensite on quenching .
This is particularly true of A - 2 and D - 2 ; these steels are chosen for edge tools for their higher wear resistance , which is lessened by the retained austenite .
Because austenite is not stable at room temperatures , it gradually converts to martensite over a period of time - but we 're talking years , a little too long to be practical .
So supercooling the quenched , tempered , steel speeds the conversion to a matter of hours .
The tool is then retempered after the cryogenic treatment , and studies show that this results in substantially increased wear resistance .
Because the martensitic transformation is more complete in O - 1 , cryogenic treatment is not necessary for that tool steel .
Tool Steel Color vs Temperature
2000 °F Bright yellow 1093 °C 1900 °F Dark yellow 1038 °C 1800 °F Orange yellow 982 °C 1700 °F Orange 927 °C 1600 °F
Orange red 871 °C 1500 °F Bright red 816 °C 1400 °F Red 760 °C 1300 °F Medium red 704 °C 1200 °F
Dull red 649 °C 1100 °F
Slight red 593 °C 1000 °F
Very slight red , mostly grey 538 °C 0800 °F Dark grey 427 °C 0575 °F Blue 302 °C 0540 °F Dark Purple 282 °C 0520 °F Purple 271 °C 0500 °F Brown / Purple 260 °C 0480 °F Brown 249 °C 0465 °F Dark Straw 241 °C 0445 °F Light Straw 229 °C 0390 °F Faint Straw 199°C
Steel exhibits different colors depending on temperature .
Temperatures above 800 °F ( 427 °C ) produce incandescent colors ; the atoms in the steel are so energized by heat that they give off photons .
Temperatures below 800 °F ( 427 °C ) produce oxidation colors .
As the steel is heated , an oxide layer forms on the surface ; its thickness ( and thus the interference color as light is reflected ) is a function of temperature .
These colors may be used in tempering tool steel .
If colors are a problem :
It 's not always practical to use color to determine temperature .
Five to ten percent of the male population are color - blind ; further , colors of hot steel are much harder to judge in the sun if you do your heat treating outdoors , which you should unless you have a ventilation hood and chimney in your shop .
Tempering can be done in an oven with an accurate thermometer .
For hardening temperature , there are several solutions :
Magnetism : Remember that , at the critical temperature , when the phase change to austenite begins , the steel will become non-magnetic .
Pyrometers :
While good pyrometers are expensive , a type - K thermocouple can be purchased for a few bucks at a glass - making or ceramics supply shop .
Plug it into a digital multimeter , download a millivolt to temperature chart for the thermocouple , and you 're all set .
I 've done this , passing the thermocouple through a small hole in the side of my gas forge , and it seems pretty accurate .
Some online resources :
Tempilstiks : Tempilstiks are color - coded crayons which are guaranteed to melt within 1 % of their rated temperature .
Available in a wide range of temperatures up to 2500 °F , they can be purchased at blacksmith / forge supply dealers ( online at Centaur Forge ) .
Guide to Hardening and Tempering O - 1 Tool Steel
Start with annealed steel .
At this stage the steel is soft enough to work with a file .
Do all of your shaping now .
If you 're making an edge tool , however , do n't grind a sharp edge yet - stop just short of sharp , leaving it blunt .
Small gas forge with self - aspirated burner
( A sharp edge during heat treating will introduce unwanted stresses into the tool . )
Using an appropriate heat source ( or Building the Reil Burner ) , heat the steel to the critical temperature .
How do you know when you reach the critical temperature ?
Austenite , the iron / carbon crystal structure that forms above the critical temperature , is non-magnetic .
I keep an old magnet held in a pair of vice - grips handy when hardening .
When the steel is hot enough , the magnet wo n't stick .
At this point , the steel is cherry red .
The image actually shows dark yellow approaching bright yellow ; the cherry red can be seen further down the blade .
The image actually shows dark yellow approaching bright yellow ; the cherry red can be seen further down the blade .
Although it looks like I 'm going in at an angle in the picture , the tongs are gripping the tool at the same angle , and the actually motion of the tool , and my arm , is vertical .
Although it looks like I 'm going in at an angle in the picture , the tongs are gripping the tool at the same angle , and the actually motion of the tool , and my arm , is vertical .
Now , remove the steel from the heat and immediately quench in oil .
Any kind of oil will suffice ; I 've quenched with used motor oil , but now prefer cheap vegetable oil in a metal 5 gallon pail .
( I 'd rather be thinking of french fries than an oil - burning motor . )
When you plunge the red - hot steel into the oil , do it vertically - if you plunge it in at an angle , it will warp .
Agitate it carefully in the oil , in an up - and - down motion ; a stirring motion may also cause warping .
It 'simportant to keep it moving to replenish the oil on the surface of the steel ; otherwise a vapor layer will form resulting in a slower than desirable quench .
If the quench is too slow , the tool wo n't be hard enough .
Keep the steel in the oil until the oil stops bubbling .
As soon as the steel is cool enough to handle , wipe it off and test its hardness .
If you 've done right so far , a file wo n't bite - it'll just skate off the edge of the tool .
If it 's plenty hard enough , it 's time to temper ; it 's important to temper as soon as possible after the quench .
You can just put the tool in the oven if you trust its temperature setting ( maybe a decent thermometer would be a good investment ) , or you can temper the way smiths do - by heating the tool until it reaches the right color .
In order to see oxidation colors , you 'll have to shine up the tool on some coarse emory paper .
We 're not talking mirror finish here - just enough to expose the bare metal ( maybe up to about 220 grit ) .
Now , using an appropriate heat source , carefully heat the tool from the non-business edge .
The idea is to soften toward the cutting edge , so the cutting edge will be harder than the other end of the tool .
For example , a knife would be harder at its edge than along its back - the back would be tempered more to give it flexibility .
As the tool heats up , the first color you should see is a faint straw color .
Keep heating and allow this color to spread toward the cutting edge .
Just as it reaches the cutting edge , plunge the tool into some water to prevent it from tempering too much .
You 're done if the tool is a plane iron or chisel - all you have to do now is flatten the back and sharpen it .
For a tool that needs more toughness ( less brittleness ) , like maybe a cold chisel , you should temper a little higher .
For real flexibility , like a spring , go all the way to blue .
Hardness vs Tempering Temperature
Copyright © Peter L Berglund , 2006 .
All rights reserved ; content may not be reproduced without permission of author .
Tuesday April 13 , 2010
The Apache Software Foundation Announces Apache Cassandra Release 0.6
Newest version of leading Open Source , NoSQL distributed database management system now available .
FOREST HILL , MD – 13 April , 2010 – The Apache Software Foundation ( ASF ) -- developers , stewards , and incubators of 138 Open Source projects -- today announced Apache Cassandra version 0.6 , the Project 's latest release first since its graduation from the ASF Incubator in February 2010 .
Apache Cassandra is an advanced , second - generation “ NoSQL ” distributed data store that has a shared - nothing architecture .
The Cassandra decentralized model provides massive scalability , and is highly available with no single point of failure even under the worst scenarios .
" In response to the growing need for scalable , high - throughput databases , we are pleased to release Cassandra 0.6 , " said Jonathan Ellis , Apache Cassandra Project Management Committee Chair .
" It 's fantastic seeing the Project 's community at the ASF grow to match the promise of the technology . "
Originally developed at Facebook and submitted to the ASF Incubator in 2009 , the Project has added more than a half - dozen new committers , and is deployed by dozens of high - profile users such as Cisco WebEx , Cloudkick , Digg , Facebook , Rackspace , Reddit , and Twitter , among others .
" The services we provide to customers are only as good the systems they are built on , " said Eric Evans , Apache Cassandra committer and Systems Architect at The Rackspace Cloud .
" With Cassandra , we get the fault - tolerance and availability our customers demand , and the scalability we need to make things work . "
Cassandra 0.6 features include :
- Support for Apache Hadoop : this allows running analytics queries with the leading map / reduce framework against data in Cassandra .
" Digg is very excited to see Cassandra mature in the last year and graduate to a top - level Apache project .
Cassandra is powering our next generation infrastructure , and allowing us to run in an environment that demands data access in datacenters around the world , " said Chris Goffinet , Performance and Availability Architect at social news website Digg .
- Integrated row cache : this eliminates the need for a separate caching layer , thereby simplifying architectures .
Powering more than 10 billion pages , Twitter switched to Apache Cassandra because it can run on large server clusters and is capable of taking in very large amounts of data at a time .
Storage Team Technical Lead Ryan King explained , " At Twitter , we 're deploying Cassandra to tackle scalability , flexibility and operability issues in a way that 's more highly available and cost effective than our current systems . "
- Increased speed : this builds on Cassandra 's highly - launded ability to process thousands of writes per second , allowing solutions of all kinds to cope with increasing write loads .
" Apache Cassandra 0.6 is 30 % faster across the board , building on our already - impressive speed , " added Ellis .
" It achieves scale - out without making the kind of design compromises that result in operations teams getting paged at 2 AM . "
Availability
Released under the Apache Software License v2.0 , Apache Cassandra 0.6 can be downloaded at http://cassandra.apache.org/.
About The Apache Software Foundation ( ASF )
Established in 1999 , the all - volunteer Foundation oversees more than seventy leading Open Source projects , including Apache HTTP Server — the world 's most popular Web server software .
Through The ASF 's meritocratic process known as " The Apache Way , " nearly 300 individual Members and 2,000 Committers successfully collaborate to develop freely available enterprise - grade software , benefiting millions of users worldwide : thousands of software solutions are distributed under the Apache License ; and the community actively participates in ASF mailing lists , mentoring initiatives , and ApacheCon , the Foundation ’s official user conference , trainings , and expo .
The ASF is funded by individual donations and corporate sponsors including Facebook , Google , HP , Microsoft , Progress Software , SpringSource / VMware , and Yahoo !
For more information , visit http://www.apache.org/.
# # #
Posted at 01:05 PM
Apr 13 , 2010 by Sally in General | |
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- U.S. Rep .
Dennis Kucinich said today that his government oversight subcommittee will examine anti-trust laws to ensure that Cleveland is not harmed by the merger of Continental and United airlines .
" I 'm prepared to use the full power and authority of my office to see to it that Cleveland 's interests are protected and air passengers nationally are protected , " said the Cleveland Democrat , who chairs the House Domestic Policy Subcommittee .
Kucinich made his remarks at a joint news conference at City Hall with Mayor Frank Jackson and U.S. Sen.
Sherrod Brown and Cleveland Council President Martin J. Sweeney and Ricky Smith , director of Cleveland Hopkins International Airport .
Continental Chief Jeff Smisek said earlier today that Hopkins will remain a hub after the merger of the two airlines , which have announced plans to combine to create the world 's biggest carrier .
The merger is of concern to Cleveland because Continental maintains a hub at Hopkins , but United uses Chicago 's O'Hare International as a hub .
At the morning news conference , Kucinich said his staff has already been in contact with attorneys from the airlines .
Jackson said his goal is to ensure that Hopkins becomes one of the 10 hubs that remain after the merger .
He said his goal is to " position Cleveland Hopkins so it 's stronger after the merger than before the merger . "
The mayor said he and Smisek plan to meet soon to discuss Cleveland 's role in the merger .
Brown said he has written to U.S. Secretrary of Transportation Ray LaHood and U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder that raises questions about anti-trust aspects of the merger .
" We saw what a merger did to Cincinnati , ' Brown said .
" We are not going to let that happen in Cleveland . "
This effect is actually from Techi.com , a new blog launched by the guys at WebDesignerDepot , where they use it to display their popular tags in the sidebar .
I wanted to see how easy ( or hard ) it was to recreate using JQuery and CSS , and it turns out that it 's pretty simple to do .
I 've packed it into a neat little plugin so you hopefully you can make some use of it !
Updated May 25 : I 've just added a new option that displays arrows above and below the SliderNav object .
This is used to navigate longer sections for users that do not have a mouse wheel ( or those who are on a mobile browser ) .
SliderNav is a JQuery plugin that lets you add dynamic , sliding content using a vertical navigation bar ( index ) .
It is made mainly for alphabetical listings but can be used with anything , though longer words can look a bit awkward .
The plugin automatically adds the navigation and sets the height for the object based on how tall the navigation is , in order to make sure users have access to the entire list .
I also used the overflow : auto ; property for the actual content so you can use your mousewheel to scroll through the content as well .
The plugin has been tested ( and works fine ) on Firefox 3 , Chrome 5 , IE7 , Safari 4 and Opera 10 .
Download
You can download and view the code at Github or view the example online .
Usage Instructions
SliderNav is super easy to use , but first you have to load JQuery , the plugin and the relevant CSS file in order to use it :
1 2 3 < link rel= " stylesheet " type= " text/css " href= " slidernav.css " media= " screen , projection " /> < script type= " text/ javascript " src= " jquery - 1.4.2.js " ></script > < script type= " text/ javascript " src= " slidernav.js " ></ script >
After you 've done that , create the section content in HTML using the following structure ( you can name your element anything ) :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 < div id= " slider " > < div class= " slider - content " > < ul > < li id= " a " >< a name= " a " class= " title " > A </a> < ul > < li >< a href= " / " > Adam </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Alex </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Ali </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Apple </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Arthur </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Ashley </a></li> </ul > </ li > < li id= " b " >< a name= " b " class= " title " > B </a> < ul > < li >< a href= " / " > Barry </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Becky </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Biff </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Billy </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Bozarking </a></li> < li >< a href= " / " > Bryan </a></li> </ul > </li > etc ... </ul > </div> </div >
Once you 've set the HTML , it 's simply a matter of calling the sliderNav function for the element you 've just created :
1 2 3 4 5 < script type= " text/ javascript " > $ ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { $ ( ' # slider ' ) . sliderNav ( ) ; } ) ; </script >
Custom Options
The first of the configurations is height - set this to a pixel value if you wish to override the automatic detection based on the vertical navigation ( you may need to change the min-height in the CSS too ) .
Also by default , the plugin will generate an alphabetical navigation that uses all 26 letters of the English alphabet , however you can also use custom items using the following code :
1 $ ( ' # slider ' ) . sliderNav ( { items : [ ' item1 ' , ' item2 ' , ' item3 ' ] , height : ' 200 ' } ) ;
You can also set arrows to true ( default ) or false , which displays arrows above and below the slider object to allow scrolling longer sections .
Click on an arrow will scroll the object by it's height - I used this method to keep code to the minimum , as anything smoother / nicer - looking required a lot more code .
The last customizable option is debug , which can either be true or false .
This adds a little bit of text on the bottom of the slider that shows how many pixels the current offset is ( was useful during early development , probably not anymore ) .
Possible Use Cases
I believe this navigation can be useful in certain circumstances , mainly where you 're trying to show a lot of information that has been organized alphabetically ( or by date ) in a small area .
For instance , it could be used to create a WordPress widget that lists all posts alphabetically or better yet , a widget for complete archives categorized by date .
I 'm not sure how much better it would be than traditional means of navigation but it 's certainly worth trying out .
Conclusion
As usual , please leave any feedback if you have it .
I 'm still very new to the JQuery plugin scene so there may be bugs or mistakes - if you find one , please mention it in the comments .
If you have n't yet , please subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on Twitter for more plugins and other useful bits !
According to the internet Movie Database , Jack Bauer has killed 224 people as of season 7 .
As of Episode 21 of Season 8 , Jack Bauer has killed 260 people
There 's no denying that hockey is a physical game , but that aspect of the game has proven extremely difficult to capture in a meaningful statistical way .
The NHL has recorded Hits for the past number of years , albeit in a very haphazard manner .
As with virtually any category tracked through much - maligned Real Time Scoring System there are absolutely huge rink biases which cause many to throw up their hands and discount the whole shitteree .
How huge ?
Check out this table which shows the range between the league 's top and bottom teams in home , road , and total hits over the past three seasons ( courtesy NHL.com ) :
2007 -08 Home Road Total # 1 1356 898 2137 #30 520 588 1130 1 v. 30 2.61 1.53 1.89 2008-09 # 1 1367 952 2312 #30 518 667 1315 1 v. 30 2.64 1.43 1.76 2009 - 10 # 1 1416 1038 2338 #30 631 659 1388 1 v. 30 2.24 1.58 1.68 Sum # 1 4139 2888 6787 Sum # 30 1669 1914 3833 Mean 1v.30 2.48 1.51 1.77
The names of the teams are n't particularly important here , just the numbers .
For one example this season that was the Stars outhitting the Thrashers by almost 20 hits a game on home ice , a ridiculous 224 % .
On the road DAL still had the edge over ATL , but only by 922-838 , or 110 % .
Somehow that seems a little more believable .
Certainly the top to bottom range of ~ 50 % on the road seems a lot more realistic than the ~ 150 % (!!) differences of home teams .
Thus many knowledgeable observers tend to use Road Hits as a better metric than Total Hits ; some scorer ( and schedule ) bias will remain , but much will be ironed out .
Besides widely differing definitions of what constitutes a hit from one rink to another , there is a systemic bias towards home teams , who have officially " outhit " road teams on a league - wide basis by some 10 to 15 % - ~2500 to 3000 hits per year !
- since the lockout .
This suggests that whether a rink has a high counter or a low one , the scorer is more likely to recognize a hit by a home team player than one by a visitor .
Note that Column C is never the sum of A and B because the same teams never lead , or trail , the league both at home and on the road , as one often finds with more legitimate statistics .
( e.g. WSH led the NHL in GF both at home and on the road this year . )
As an extreme example , Calgary led the league in road hits but ranked 28th on their home ice !
So once again RTSS numbers fall far short when attempting to do any sort of comparison across teams .
However , it is yet another of those metrics which might have some meaning within a given team , since its players will perforce be counted by the same scorers each night .
Of course every hit involves an action by two players , the hitter and the hittee .
NHL.com does record the names of both in its play - by - play data , but only releases the former when tabulating individual and team totals .
That 's unfortunate because there is lots to be learned on the other side of the equation .
Who is taking the hit to make the play ?
Who is getting targeted ?
Who is avoiding contact , or alternatively , getting left the heck alone ?
Luckily we at SBN have in our midst the lovely and talented Gabriel Desjardins .
Noting that Gabe had written a couple of articles at Behind the Net introducing (? ) the subject of hits both given and taken , I sent him a note requesting that info for the Edmonton Oilers .
Gabe responded within minutes with raw data of individual hits for and against for the past couple of seasons .
Let 's start by looking at Oiler defencemen , right after the jump :
I 've listed current Oiler defencemen only , and have just included their totals while members of the Oilers , with leaders highlighted .
I 've sorted by total number of events .
Somewhat ominously , the leader in this category is Tom Gilbert , who ranks only fourth on the blue in hits dished out , but has led the squad in hits received three years running .
He absorbed a team - leading 130 hits in each of the two seasons under scrutiny here .
In large part this was due to Gilbert playing a full 82 games each year , and leading the squad in total TOI by a significant margin .
Moreover , he has the puck quite a lot so will be targeted naturally by the flow of play , and perhaps a little more due to his rep for being a tad soft .
My conclusion is quite the opposite : the guy " takes a licking and keeps on ticking " as the old Timex commercial went .
Another guy who takes quite a beating is Ladislav Smid .
By the numbers Smid gives as good as he gets , comfortably leading the blue line corps in hits dished out .
Unfortunately there 's a reason he only has half of Gilbert 's minutes and two - thirds of his games played ; Ladi 's spent substantial time on the shelf in each of the last two seasons , almost entirely as a result of absorbing way more than his share of hellacious blows , especially to his head and upper body .
Given the wide disparity in GP and TOI , player comparisons make more sense on by using rates and ratios :
Player HF /60 HA/60 Total/60 HF / GP HA /GP Total / GP HF:HA Sheldon Souray 2.78 1.14 3.92 1.12 0.46 1.58 2.44 Aaron Johnson 7.06 4.49 11.55 2.32 1.47 3.79 1.57 Theo Peckham 10.12 6.51 16.63 2.33 1.50 3.83 1.56 Dean Arsene 6.43 5.00 11.43 1.38 1.08 2.46 1.29 Jason Strudwick 3.72 3.83 7.55 0.92 0.94 1.86 0.97 Ladislav Smid 5.54 5.73 11.26 1.56 1.61 3.17 0.97 Ryan Whitney 2.24 3.61 5.85 0.95 1.53 2.47 0.62 Taylor Chorney 2.84 5.05 7.88 0.82 1.45 1.56 0.56 Tom Gilbert 1.68 4.28 5.97 0.62 1.59 2.21 0.39
For reasons I 'll explain in Part Two , I 've parsed the hits numbers on both a per 60 and per GP basis .
This time highest and lowest are highlighted in each category .
I 've sorted by the right most column , the ratio between hits for and against , but in all columns have highlighted top and bottom performers on the club .
It 's interesting to see Sheldon Souray leading the club in HF : HA .
It 's not that he 's a prolific banger - his hit rate is in the middle of the pack - but his hits received levels are astonishingly low .
Per 60 he gets hit less than a third as often as any other Oiler D. Having watched Sheldon play it 's not that he avoids contact in any sort of proactive way , it 's just a matter of Respect .
The word has gotten around the league : run Sheldon at your own risk .
Less surprising to see Gilbert at the other end of the same list , giving out fewer than 2 hits for every 5 he receives .
Ironic that he's the healthy one while Souray spends so much time on the shelf .
The team leader in most of these rate metrics is Theo Peckham , who clearly does n't mind engaging on both sides of the puck .
Unfortunately , his encounter with a bigger , stronger man in Douglas Murray ended a season that was plagued with physical problems from start to finish .
Such are the risks inherent in playing the physical game , and it seems that defencemen are particularly vulnerable .
Especially along the end boards , if serious injuries to Souray , Smid , and Peckham are any indication .
i Pad owners may get a ( very ) small reprieve when going through security checkpoints at US airports .
The Transportation Security Administration told the Associated Press that iPads generally do not need to be removed from carry - on luggage when going through X - ray screening .
The TSA said that the iPad is much smaller and thinner than laptops , making it easier to see on the scanner .
Also , the organization said that iPad users generally would not be carrying multiple bulky accessories , such as hard drives and chargers , which might otherwise obstruct a clear view of the device as it passes through X - ray equipment .
That " generally " qualifier is important , however .
The TSA still reserves the right to ask you to remove your iPad from any bag if screeners can't get an unobstructed view of the device .
This same exception is true for laptops that are carried in supposed " checkpoint friendly " laptop bags manufacturers began making available last year .
A spokesperson for the TSA told Associated Press that it is communicating its iPad policy to screeners .
The policy will have no effect on the need to remove your shoes at security checkpoints or prevent you from being subjected to a potentially embarrassing full - body scan , however .
Kylie Minogue is back with her latest single All The Lovers , which is set to be available for download on June 13th .
Kylie has been working with some big name electronic producers ( Stuart Price , Starsmith , Calvin Harris ) for her new album Aphrodite , and I really think she ’s going to come back with a bang .
All The Lovers may not be a Ca n’t Get You Out Of My Head style first single , but it ’s definitely a solid hit that will provide a great platform for the release of future singles from the album .
Kylie Minogue – All The Lovers
ytaudio( ekPRAeHc-L4 )
In many of my writings about color correction , both here on ProLost and in The Guide , I ’ve talked about the balance between an aggressive “ look ” that helps tell your story through the use of a pervasive palette , tone , style , and feel ; and the preservation of appealing skin tones .
When grading a scene , you can push your look much further if you do n’t lose track of appealing skin tones .
Or , if you so desire , you can make a strong visual statement by choosing to allow your skin tones to get subsumed by your look .
The truth is , skin tones are just one of a small handful of what I call “ memory colors . ”
Memory colors are colors that are , in the minds of your audience , inseparable from certain common objects or events .
For example , the sky is so associated with blue that you might feel that you see those two words together as often as you see them individually .
The same goes for green and grass .
The most basic idea of color correcting is that you are making colors correct , which is to say that you are making objects on the screen appear to be the colors that we know them to be .
The funny thing about this seemingly simple task is that it can be quite difficult .
And it ’s difficult for exactly the reason that it ’s important .
The human brain is so tied in to our eyesight that we internally auto - correct for certain colors .
This is the very definition of a memory color .
For example , if you grew up in the United States , you know that a stop sign is red — so you tend to see an image of one as being red even if the color is way out of whack .
In the shot below , we recognize the bald head as that of a Caucasian male , even though the white balance is incorrect .
THERE ’S A SILENT epidemic making the rounds at my college .
No one talks about it because , quite literally , it goes unspoken .
When I first set foot on campus , I feared every freshman ’s pariah nightmare was coming true : Kids who had friend - requested me on Facebook were pretending I did n’t exist when I passed them on the quad .
People from my wilderness pre-orientation — people I ’d shared sleeping bags with only a couple weeks earlier — would look at me , then immediately look away .
A girl I ’d given my lecture notes to walked right by as if I were a stranger .
But a dozen or so conversations with friends and classmates led me to realize it was n’t me alone being shunned .
No , I was getting the cold backpacked shoulder largely because everyone was on their iPod or cellphone , or at least pretending to be .
The elderly use canes , the youth use phones .
What horrified me the most was that by the end of September , I was right there with them , pretending I did n’t recognize the kid whose Facebook page told me he too likes TV on the Radio and Ratatat .
And I was clutching my phone with a severity of object attachment I had n’t felt since the days of the pacifier .
In an age where hookups , breakups , and makeups are increasingly initiated via text or online , the social dynamic of face - to - face interactions has changed drastically and in some cases disappeared entirely .
As a sociology major and a member of this be -everywhere - now generation , I find the silence deadening .
Also , if it ’s this bad on a college campus — where our lives are landscaped to criss - cross each other many times a day — what happens when we graduate and retreat into separate cities , homes , cars , marriages ?
One friend , a junior who ’s on the shy side , told me she relies heavily on her electronic escape hatch .
“ I ’ll walk by someone , I ’ll have my iPod in , even if it ’s not on , and they ’ll think I did n’t say hi because I was distracted .
So it gives me an excuse . ’’
Another classmate admits she ’s turned to “ fauxting , ’’ fake texting when she realizes that someone she knows is about to actively ignore her .
Given an option , there is n’t a college student out there who will choose to invite rejection .
“ Everyone wants everyone else to say hi but does n’t want to be the person saying hi , ’’ as my housemate put it .
We use cellphones to mediate they way others perceive us ; if we ’re texting or calling a friend , we appear sought after , occupied , in demand .
But the tragic , isolating thing is that we reach for our devices because we do n’t want to seem lonely — which is causing us to avoid our peers and actually be lonely .
In 1983 , Erving Goffman , a founder of the symbolic interactionist school of sociology , claimed that humans of “ acquaintanceship ’’ are enlisted to “ the right and obligation mutually to . . . acknowledge individual identification on all initial occasions of incidentally produced proximity . ’’
In English , this means that every time you happen to be within physical range of someone you know , it is your duty as a social being to acknowledge this person , ideally with a hello followed by their name .
Oh , how we now scoff at the Goff .
I ca n’t count the number of times I ’ve talked to someone at a party , promising to start saying hi to each other on campus .
The next morning , we pass on the way to class — and nothing .
The precedent is set .
And I ’m sick of it .
Um , hello ?
Start saying it .
If you do n’t know the name of someone you recognize , use the tools you ’ve got ( FB ) to figure it out .
If they reject your greeting , well , then you really have something to text your friend about .
I was recently at a party and got to talking to a boy I ’d seen around but had never spoken to .
The next day , when we passed on the quad and gave each other that “ Are you going to say hi ? ’’ look , I vowed to break the silence .
“ Hey Matt , what ’s up ? ’’
I said .
Only slightly startled , he replied with “ Hey ’’ and a smile .
A couple hours later he friend - requested me on Facebook .
Charlotte Steinway is an author of “ Red : Teenage Girls in America Write On What Fires Up Their Lives Today ’’ and a senior at Tufts University .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
You have no power in your sperms , hence someone else powered your girlfriend ,
And your impowered mind could not understand it .
... Just kidding .
The sperm who made her pragnant , is of someone else , my friend .
It 's just the black out of someone .
And a nice joke by you .
I 've been sitting at my desk for half an hour trying to guide a tiny spaceship between two lines of a graph in a computer game disguised to make it appear as though I 'm hard at work .
If anyone walks over I press the spacebar and it disappears .
Despite the fact I 've not had cause to create a graph since my schooldays , nobody seems in the least suspicious .
This is too easy .
As it is , I 'm doing my utmost to draw attention to myself .
I start sighing and banging my fists on the desk each time I lose a life , but everyone has their headphones on and is oblivious to my crime .
In the end , I show the graph to my colleague and tell her it's the results of a survey about office productivity , while I merrily steer my ship through the middle of it .
It 's a good couple of minutes before she notices that something is up .
" Is that a spaceship ? " she tentatively asks .
Finally , I 've been caught !
This is the latest internet timewasting scam as showcased by Can't You See I'm Busy ! , a website that allows bored office workers to play simple flash games without getting caught .
With backdrops closely resembling typical office applications such as spreadsheets and Word documents , the site proudly estimates it has already cost the economy more than £ 4 m in reduced productivity .
Should you grow tired of spaceships , two further games are provided to fool your boss with .
Breakdown clearly takes inspiration from the Atari classic Breakout , except with the text of a work document to destroy instead of blocks .
A further game , CostCutter , is a Tetris - like puzzle that involves removing cubes of the same colour before they reach the end of the screen under the guise of a simple bar chart .
To be honest though , I 'm finding them a little dull .
In fact , I 'd probably rather be working .
The games are pretty retro and only really interesting for the first five minutes ; not long enough for a proper skiving session .
Let 's face it , I can spend longer than that making a cup of tea .
It 's not just online games that have cottoned on to the benefits of providing a safe outlet for slackers .
Spreadtweet allows you to watch your Twitter feed all day while looking like you 're working on a spreadsheet .
Totesport , an online betting website , provides a little exclamation mark at the top of the screen which , when clicked , quickly redirects you to a nondescript " sales spreadsheet " .
The football365.com forum too has a " Quick , Boss ! " button just in case you get caught off guard .
It seems it is easier than ever to get away with doing things you should n't be doing in the office .
All we need now is Facebook to jump on the bandwagon and nobody in the UK will be doing any work whatsoever .
What are your secret timewasting favourites ?
" Yellow " from Ken Nordine w Bob Dobbs .
Uploaded 04/17/2008
" Yellow " from Ken Nordine 's Colors album .
Spoken word jazz from the original voice of Taster 's Choice coffee .
Paul McCartney has admitted the importance of hallucinogenic drugs in the history of The Beatles .
However , McCartney told The Daily Telegraph that drug use is not essential for bands to push themselves forward .
When asked how important LSD and marijuana were to the group 's work , McCartney replied : " Um , er , probably quite important .
It was a development thing .
" It 's difficult - I think the answer is quite .
It certainly made us stretch further than we might otherwise , from Rubber Soul onwards .
" But I have the problem now - now that things have got a bit out of control - of not wanting to be seen advocating it .
â€ ™Cos we did some pretty good work before that , as well .
It 's not a requirement . "
Of touring while being a father to a 6 - year - old , he added : " I do n't work when I have my little one .
Iâ€™m actually on the road very much half the time .
" So when I do tour , I 'm kind of hungry , and the gigs are normally quite choice - it 's Hyde Park , or it's the Isle of Wight , or it 's Coachella , or it 's Hampden Park .
" The thing is , when I am on tour , it 's very visible , and people say , ' God , you 're so busy ' .
I 'm actually not .
Compared to how The Beatles used to tour , it 's skiving off .
Itâ€™s like saggin ' off school . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Press Release
Enceladus leaves plasma bubbles in its wake
14 - Apr-2010 , Plain html version .
Royal Astronomical Society Press Release
RAS PN 10/33 ( NAM 18 )
Enceladus leaves plasma bubbles in its wake
Observations of how Saturn ’s moon Enceladus interacts with its environment show it leaves a complex pattern of ripples and bubbles in its wake .
Sheila Kanani will be presenting the results at the RAS National Astronomy Meeting in Glasgow on Thursday 15th April .
Enceladus sits deep within Saturn ’s magnetosphere , which is filled with electrically charged particles ( plasma ) originating from both the planet and its moons .
The Cassini spacecraft has made nine flybys of the mysterious sixth - largest moon since 2005 .
The closest of these have taken the spacecraft ’s suite of instruments just 25 km from Enceladus ’s surface , which scientists believe conceals a saline ocean .
Heated vents at the south pole of the moon release a plume of material , consisting mainly of icy grains and water vapour , into space .
Measurements from the Cassini Plasma Spectrometer ( CAPS ) and the Magnetospheric IMaging Instrument ( MIMI ) show that both the moon and its plume are continuously soaking up the plasma , which rushes past at around 30 kilometres per second , leaving a cavity downstream .
In addition , the most energetic particles which zoom up and down Saturn ’s magnetic field lines are swept up , leaving a much larger void in the high energy plasma .
Material from Enceladus , both dust and gas , is also being charged and forming new plasma .
Now , Ms Kanani and a team at UCL ’s Mullard Space Science Laboratory , have discovered mysterious spiky features in the CAPS data that present a complex picture of readjustment downstream from Enceladus .
“ Eventually the plasma closes the gap downstream from Enceladus but our observations show that this is n’t happening in a smooth , orderly fashion .
We are seeing spiky features in the plasma that last between a few tens of seconds and a minute or two .
We think that these might represent bubbles of low energy particles formed as the plasma fills the gap from different directions , ” said Ms Kanani .
Since Cassini arrived at Saturn , it has been building up a picture of the vital and unexpected role that Enceladus plays in Saturn ’s magnetosphere .
“ Enceladus is the source of most of the plasma in Saturn ’s magnetosphere , with ionised water and oxygen originating from the vents forming a big torus of plasma that surrounds Saturn .
We may see these spiky features in the wake of Saturn ’s other moons as they interact with the plasma but , to date , we have only studied Enceladus in sufficient detail , ” said Ms Kanani .
CONTACTS
Sheila Kanani
Mullard Space Science Laboratory
University College London
Holmbury St. Mary , Dorking , Surrey
E-mail : sk2@mssl.ucl.ac.uk
NAM 2010 Press Office ( 12th – 16th April only )
Room G358
Gilbert Scott Building
University of Glasgow .
Tel : +44 ( 0)141 330 7409 , +44 ( 0)141 330 7410 , +44 ( 0)141 330 7411
Anita Heward
Press Officer
Royal Astronomical Society
Mob : +44 ( 0)7756 034 243
E-mail : anitaheward@btopenworld.com
Dr Robert Massey
Press and Policy Officer
Royal Astronomical Society
Mob : +44 ( 0)794 124 8035
E-mail : rm@ras.org.uk
IMAGES
Artist 's impression of the Cassini spacecraft making a close pass by Saturn 's inner moon Enceladus to study plumes from geysers that erupt from giant fissures in the moon 's southern polar region .
Copyright 2008 Karl Kofoed / NASA
Source / Full size version
FURTHER INFORMATION
CASSINI -HUYGENS
Cassini Huygens is a joint endeavour of ESA , NASA and the Italian space agency , Agenzia Spaziale Italiana ( ASI ) .
The Cassini Plasma Spectrometer ( CAPS ) is led by the South West Research Institute .
The instrument measures the energy and electrical charge of particles such as electrons and protons that the instrument encounters .
The instrument is used to study the composition , density , flow , velocity , and temperature of ions and electrons in Saturn 's magnetosphere .
For more information , see : http://caps.space.swri.edu/caps/index.shtml
NOTES FOR EDITORS
RAS NATIONAL ASTRONOMY MEETING ( NAM 2010 )
The RAS National Astronomy Meeting 2010 will take place from 12 - 16th April at the University of Glasgow .
The conference is held in conjunction with the UK Solar Physics ( UKSP ) and Magnetosphere Ionosphere and Solar - Terrestrial Physics ( MIST ) meetings .
NAM2010 ( www.astro.gla.ac.uk/nam2010/) is principally sponsored by the Royal Astronomical Society ( RAS ) and the University of Glasgow .
THE ROYAL ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY
The Royal Astronomical Society ( RAS : www.ras.org.uk), founded in 1820 , encourages and promotes the study of astronomy , solar - system science , geophysics and closely related branches of science .
The RAS organises scientific meetings , publishes international research and review journals , recognises outstanding achievements by the award of medals and prizes , maintains an extensive library , supports education through grants and outreach activities and represents UK astronomy nationally and internationally .
Its more than 3000 members ( Fellows ) , a third based overseas , include scientific researchers in universities , observatories and laboratories as well as historians of astronomy and others .
THE UNIVERSITY OF GLASGOW
The University of Glasgow ( founded 1451 ) is one of the world ’s top 100 research universities with more than 70 per cent of its research rated as world - leading or internationally excellent .
The Physics and Astronomy Department is one of the top four in the UK ’s major research - intensive universities , the Russell Group .
The conference comes to Glasgow during the 250th anniversary year of the founding of the Regius Chair of Astronomy at the University of Glasgow , first held by astronomer and meteorologist Alexander Wilson in 1760 .
The present incumbent is Prof. John Brown , 10th Astronomer Royal for Scotland .
Qatari diplomat Mohammed al - Modadi ’s attempt to sneak off to the bathroom for an in - flight cigarette has sparked one of the largest terror panics in years and a flurry of media reports about a foiled “ shoe bombing ” attempt .
What appears to have happened is that the in - flight air marshall grew suspicious when Modadi was in the bathroom for an inordinate amount of time .
When pressed on why the bathroom smelled of smoke Modadi mockingly retorted that he was ‘ trying to set his shoes on fire . ’
Within minutes the world was abuzz with reports of an attempted bombing , Modadi was arrested , and fighter jets were scrambled to escort the airplane to its final destination in Denver .
Modadi appears to still be in custody , but is claiming diplomatic immunity .
He has been a diplomat in the US for years and ( unsurpringly ) no explosives were found on him .
There 's a good chance you 're either using checklists to record and strike through one - off tasks or you 're not using them at all .
Either way , you 're missing out on an enormous boost in productivity and efficiency if you 're neglecting the humble procedure checklist .
Advertisement
Photo a composite of images by vancanjay and jprole .
Last year we shared a checklist template with you from the design desk of Daryl Furuyama .
Daryl had made a procedure checklist which he used not for writing down future tasks that he wanted to complete and cross off but for routine tasks that he frequently repeated .
Advertisement
That idea is the heart of a procedure list .
When you write down ten things you want to get done today and cross them off at the end of the day when they are done , that 's not a procedures list .
It 's just a simple — albeit rewarding !— checklist .
When a mechanic goes through a list of 50 things to check and evaluate on your car ( and every other car he is going to service ) , he 's using a procedure list .
A procedure list highlights the things you need to do in a routine process to ensure that everything is done and nothing gets neglected or outright forgotten .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Prior to coming across Daryl 's template , I had limited my use of checklists to one - off tasks in need of completion but never as a guide for routine tasks .
Since we published the post highlighting Daryl 's procedures checklist , I 've created and tweaked procedure checklists for both personal and professional procedures and been extremely pleased with the return on my investment .
Today we 're going to look at why you need to start using procedures checklists and how to go about creating them .
In Defense of the Humble Procedures List
Advertisement
Making a checklist and following it is not a glamorous affair .
It is , however , a very efficient affair and one that you would be well served to incorporate into your workflow .
I 'm a busy person , you 're a busy person , and it 's quite likely we 're not going to be getting any less busy in the foreseeable future , right ?
Who has time to add in one more thing to their day ?
The question would be better rephrased as " Who has the time to make easily avoided mistakes ? "
Photo by lupoianfla .
We all make mistakes and forget steps even in tasks we 've been doing for years .
Procedural checklists serve as concrete reminders of what tasks we need to perform , what order we need to perform them in , and as springboards for tweaking our routines and making them more efficient .
Advertisement
For those of you who have adopted David Allen 's Getting Things Done system — or any other system that stresses ubiquitous capture of information — you likely had an initial " I can't believe how well this works ! " epiphany when you realized how much you really did forget on a day - to - day basis and how much capturing everything helped in boosting your productivity and efficiency .
If you start tracking your procedures and evaluating the steps that go into them you 'll experience a similar epiphany regarding routine tasks as you did regarding capturing ideas .
Just like you could n't believe you were relying totally on your memory before adopting ubiquitous capture you wo n't be able to believe you were relying , especially during a busy and stressful day , on basic memory recall to make sure everything was done right .
You may have trouble believing that something as simple as writing down the steps of the routine tasks you do every day , evaluating them , and then codifying them into a procedure list could be that revolutionary .
Use the following tips and insights to get started and see for yourself .
Advertisement
Record What You Do , Not What You Think You Should Do
Advertisement
There are two methods of approach when it comes to creating procedure lists .
The first method is to look at a given situation and create a best - practice procedural list , where you lay out a perfect sequence of events based on the ideal situation in which they would play out .
While this method of procedure list creation can work , it 's more efficient to go the second route : start making a procedure list based on what you are currently doing .
Photo by walker M .
Why base your list on what you are presently doing ?
You do n't want to deny yourself an opportunity to see what works in your current system .
You may not being doing absolutely everything perfectly or at 100 % efficiency , but you 're certainly doing a lot right — or else you 'd have died of food poisoning , been fired , or succumbed to some other fate by now .
Creating your list based on what you 're currently doing allows you to see exactly what goes into the procedure you 're trying encapsulate and to sit back and evaluate it .
When was the last time you wrote down everything you did in a given day , step by step , and then checked to see if you were missing important steps or doing things inefficiently ?
Probably never , and you 're not alone in that .
Advertisement
I read a cookbook years ago where the author highlighted how unquestioned procedures can lead to inefficiency .
The author 's husband asked her why she always cut the roast in half and cooked it in two separate dishes .
She told him that was how her mother did it , so she called her mother to ask why .
The mother said that it was how the grandmother did it , so the author then called the grandmother and asked her why she cooked her roast in two pans .
The grandmother laughed , explaining it had nothing to do with better cooking and everything to do with being too poor to buy a big roasting pan .
Three generations of women , who could now presumably afford a bigger pan , had been adding in an extra step and an extra pan to clean , all because nobody had stepped back and asked , " Why are we doing this ?
Is this the most efficient way ? "
Photo by edsaxby .
Advertisement
Fix that with your own routine , and start right now .
What are you doing at work ?
What routine task are you undertaking ?
What do you do at the end of the day when it 's time to close up shop and go home ?
All of these things are procedures , even if you have n't looked at them as such before .
Get a legal pad and a pen and write down , on alternating lines , the steps that go into whatever routine set of tasks you 're working on .
You can use a computer to compile the list , but I 've found that for the first - generation list it 's helpful to be able to write freely , scribble notes , and carry the list around with you as you brainstorm and track the procedures around your workplace or home .
Try to be as specific as possible , even if a step seems mundane or " obvious " .
It 's the obvious things that often get overlooked .
Examining even the mundane steps of a procedure gives you a chance to see if that step should be in a different spot , done differently , or dropped all together .
Remember to list only items that are specific and actionable .
Write your procedure list as though you were writing it for someone else .
Advertisement
Evaluating Your Procedure List
Advertisement
Once you 've written down what you do in a given procedure — cleaning your office once a week , preparing client proposals , assembling a monthly report for your boss — it 's time to evaluate the procedure list .
Evaluating procedure lists is a two - part process : the initial evaluation and a continual review .
For your initial evaluation , you 'll want to ask the following questions :
Is this step necessary ?
Why is this step included ?
Is this step in the right place ?
Should it come sooner or later in the procedure ?
Are the steps clear enough that I could give this procedure list to another person without explanation ?
Is each step a concrete action that can be completed and checked off ?
Let 's use something as simple as cleaning your bathroom as an example .
What if , upon writing down the procedure you currently use , wiping down the light fixtures above the sink comes after cleaning and polishing the sink ?
Cleaning the light fixtures is a clear enough step , it 's certainly actionable — nothing theoretical or abstract about wiping the dust off something — and if you do n't do it , you 'll have dirty and dusty light fixtures .
So far so good , we 'll keep it in the list .
It 's completely in the wrong place , however , and it needs to be moved .
If you clean the light fixtures which are above the sink , after you 've already cleaned the sink , you 'll just be knocking dust , dirt , and possibly dead bugs all over your freshly cleaned sink .
Moving the cleaning of the light fixtures — and anything else up high — farther up the list than cleaning the sink and counter tops saves you from unnecessary work .
Photo by Dominik Gwarek .
Advertisement
Perhaps you 've long since gotten the concept of " clean from high to low " down pat , but you work in a lot of rooms , if you catch the meaning .
You'd be a rare specimen to go through all your daily procedures and not find a multitude of spots where things could be tweaked and tightened up .
Every little thing you find , like cleaning steps in the wrong order , is a micro- investment in your future efficiency and free time .
Continue the process of evaluating your procedure lists even after the initial evaluation .
Situations change and a necessary step today might be a redundant step next month .
If you 're already in the habit of weekly and monthly reviews , taking the time to evaluate a few procedures with each review will spread out the work and help keep your procedure lists current .
Advertisement
The simple procedure list is a fantastic way to increase the efficiency of and properly evaluate the routine tasks that populate your professional and personal life .
Just like writing everything down frees your mind to focus on higher order thinking and important tasks , codifying your routines into a simple list you can reference and check off allows you to focus on more important things than remembering steps .
Whether you 're building an airplane , mailing proposals , or just trying to get to work on time with a good breakfast and properly packed briefcase , a procedure list can help you do it better and more efficiently .
Advertisement
Have experience with procedure lists ?
Have a question about crafting procedure lists of your own ?
Sound off in the comments .
Jason Fitzpatrick used to eschew lists in favor of juggling things in his memory .
He has since committed to using lists for nearly everything , freeing up precious cycles and space in his brain for the important things , like trivia storage and an amphitheater for rehearsing his epic space rock opera .
Behind the Texas Textbook Massacre Editor ’s Note : Right - wingers running the influential Texas board that shapes how America ’s school textbooks will teach history are demanding that Ronald Reagan and other modern Republicans be elevated into the pantheon of heroes , that “ free market ” ideology must be stressed , and that critical information about past U.S. actions must be deleted .
The purpose is to indoctrinate American children with a “ patriotic ” version of history , all the better to ensure future right - wing dominance of U.S. politics .
However , veteran teacher Rosemarie Jackowski notes that propaganda by American school systems already has a dark legacy :
The missing part of the news report about the Texas textbook fiasco is that this is not new news .
History textbooks used in most U.S. schools have been suspect for decades .
Email
Printer friendly Enlightened teachers have been quietly using alternative texts for years .
Many use A People 's History of the United States authored by Howard Zinn .
Those enlightened teachers who sometimes put their jobs on the line are to be applauded - and protected from misinformed citizens on some School Boards .
The biased view expressed in many textbooks has been an issue as way back as the 1950s - but in the 50s too few questioned what was being taught .
The United States never was the way it was portrayed in textbooks .
Standard U.S. social studies textbooks are based on mythology .
Propaganda sells books .
Remember those good old days in the 50s .
The school day began with the reading of the Bible , the Lord 's Prayer , and the pledge to the flag .
Those were the days of pretty girls in poodle skirts and cute boys with buzz cuts .
The really cool ones always carried their pack of Camels rolled up in the sleeve of their sparkling white T - shirts .
Everyone was happy back then — well not exactly everyone .
Lynching continued in the South but things like that were never discussed .
Talk about lynching was never heard .
Lynching continued through the 60s and still was not acknowledged by many .
Facts about lynching were not the only gaps in education in the old days .
Most high school students were taught that the United States never did anything wrong .
Meanwhile , the CIA was in Guatemala assisting wealthy landowners kill tens of thousands and conspiring elsewhere to oust popular leaders .
Many who went to school during the 1950s were so brainwashed that by the time graduation came , they were anxious to enlist in the military .
Korean communists needed to be defeated in order to preserve U.S. national honor and protect the American “ way of life . ”
Was it really about that , however ?
Most people really did n’t know why we were killing Koreans .
It just seemed to be the patriotic thing to do , and few American leaders dared to go against the grain for fear of being labeled communist sympathizers .
Symbols of patriotism were everywhere .
Are things any better in schools now than they were then ?
Are students taught about covert CIA actions that toppled democratically elected governments or about the atrocities at NoGunRi , a village in central Korea where U.S. soldiers shot and killed an undetermined number of fleeing refugees ?
When history textbooks are evaluated , the indexes should be checked for notorious CIA operations and massacres like NoGunRi .
Usually there are no mentions of U.S. war crimes .
In the 1940s and 1950s , World War II was a big topic , with most students taught the official version of that war .
They learned those lessons well , not only in the classroom .
The Saturday matinee at the movie theatre was the big event of the week .
Any kid with 12 cents got in , and others usually figured out alternative methods of entry .
The movies were often propagandized war films .
Hollywood rallied around the flag pole .
Hating the Japanese was a patriotic duty .
Facts about the hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians in Nagasaki and Hiroshima who were slaughtered by the atomic bombs were usually omitted in any classroom discussion .
About the fire - bombings of Dresden in Germany and Tokyo in Japan — well that did n't matter either .
After all , they were the " enemy . "
Playing cowboys and Indians was a favorite pastime back then .
Kids were taught to hate the Indians .
No thought was ever given to the fact that Columbus could not have discovered a country that already had a native population .
Logic would indicate that maybe the native people who were here first were the real discoverers .
The European explorers , who were heroes in the textbooks , had blood on their hands .
Students learned little about their criminal acts .
While in the 1950s , kids grew up hating Indians , the Japanese , Germans , and black people , today , kids are taught to hate Muslims and an assortment of other groups , like “ illegal aliens . ”
Recently , it has been interesting watching and listening to the hate talk that has been directed toward Latinos who have fled poverty and violence in their own countries to seek work and security in the United States .
If we label people " illegal " , it is socially acceptable to hate them .
The term " illegal alien " is loaded with prejudice .
No human being is illegal .
Sometimes , it should be noted , the law itself can be wrong .
Remember , slavery was legal for much of early American history and therefore escaped slaves ( or “ runaways ” ) were treated as the criminals , not their " owners . "
Today , the geographic location of where a person 's mother is when she gives birth either bestows special privileges or brings certain penalties .
…
On one level , the solution to the Texas textbook dilemma should be easy .
Just do n't buy the books .
This would save taxpayer money at a time when school budgets are in trouble already .
But that would require courageous , well - informed school boards standing up to the pressure from those who want to drum " patriotic " propaganda into the minds of America ’s children .
Another option is to press for the inclusion of historically accurate books , which should be in classrooms anyway , like Rogue State and Killing Hope , two reference books authored by William Blum , a world - renowned historian , a former member of the US State Department , and recipient of Project Censored 's award for Exemplary Journalism .
Howard Zinn's A People ’s History of the United States is another great book that tells uncomfortable truths .
No classroom is complete without it .
Rosemarie Jackowski is a journalist living in Vermont .
She has spent many years in public and private education .
Her first year of teaching was in a public school in New Jersey in 1957 .
She can be reached at dissent@sover.net To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
OPPOSITION Leader Tony Abbott has vowed to keep population growth in Australia to below 30 million by 2050 and will more than halve the current immigration rate to achieve it .
And future population targets would be tied to a target range , much like the inflation rate settings determined by the Reserve Bank , set by Cabinet on the advice of an independent commission .
Releasing the Coalition 's draft population policy , the federal Opposition Leader yesterday issued a direct challenge to Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's " big Australia " policy , claiming it has set a target of 36 million by 2050 .
Mr Abbott said he would also , for the first time , make it Liberal Party policy to restrict migrant intake to Australia to a two - thirds ratio of skilled workers to non-skilled workers .
Blog with Tony at midday Friday : Rudd 's wrong population target
The Coalition believes it is on an election winner when it comes to immigration and population issues and Mr Abbott yesterday chose the hot point of anti-immigration sentiment in western Sydney to make the point .
" The current immigration numbers are utterly unsustainable , " Mr Abbott said .
" What we are saying with certainty is that we cannot continue to take 300,000 people a year . "
Mr Abbott said that , if elected , the Coalition would also relax the red tape for skilled migrant visas - the 457 visa system - and also would apply a critical skills test to industries to determine if and where real occupational needs existed .
Mr Abbott told The Daily Telegraph his policy discussion paper was a formal rejection of Mr Rudd's " target " of 36 million people by 2050 .
That is the predicted size of the Australian population at an annual net migration rate of 180,000 .
However , at the current 300,000 figure , Australia 's population would be closer to 43 million people .
To achieve a population target of fewer than 36 million people , the current migration rates would have to be virtually halved .
And the Coalition policy would give an expanded role to the Productivity Commission , which would be tasked with setting a population target range that would cover the short , medium and long term .
Population Minister Tony Burke responded to Mr Abbott 's policy , claiming the Government did not have a target of 36 million .
" It 's a lie , " he said .
" It 's merely a projection from Treasury .
It was not a target .
Not an ambition .
Not a policy . "
Originally published as Abbott cracks down on population
Following are photos of Earth and Wood Creations ' scroll saw clock fabrications .
Click on any of the following images to see a larger , higher resolution view .
The images here are all custom designed , unless otherwise noted .
As you probably know already , I 've been digging deep into historical baseball stats during the past few weeks ... I 've spent a lot of time comparing players , both to peers and players from other eras .
It 's a major challenge , and one I 've always been interested in taking on .
Something that really bothered me was the focus on defensive position .
Generally when you hear Hall of Fame voters talk about a player 's Hall candidacy , they 'll talk about how that player stacks up offensively compared to other players who played his defensive position .
My question : Why ?
I do n't get it .
And as I dug more into the statistics , it made less and less sense .
Why compare Robin
Yount to other shortstops when he only played part of his career at shortstop ?
Or do you compare part of his career to shortstops and part to center fielders ?
Do you only compare the part of his career to other center fielders that he played in center field and the part that he played at shortstop to other shortstops ?
Just gets too unnecessarily confusing .
I get this when you talk about catchers because they can't play every day due to the rigors of the job .
So it makes sense that a catcher should not have the same offensive standards as other positions .
But why must we compare the offensive output of shortstops to other shortstops ?
Does the fact that they play shortstop affect how they perform with the bat ?
There is no relation , other than the fact that teams have generally pigeon holed a certain style of offensive player into certain defensive positions ( ie , light hitter plays shortstop or second base ) .
Shortstops play every day , just like outfielders and first basemen .
Why do we have lower standards for them ?
Just because , by default , teams have historically ( less common lately ) put their lightest hitting players at those positions ?
If a guy who played an average defensive shortstop is one of the top 10 offensive shortstops of all time ( due to a very weak set of peers with the bat ) but only top 300 overall , does he really belong in the Hall of Fame ?
You 'll find many who say he does .
As a result , other average defenders at deeper positions but with deserving bats will get overlooked because they did n't stick out at their position .
Are n't we looking for the best baseball players ?
Why should defensive position really matter when evaluating offensive prowess ?
As a result , a few things happen .
First , players who do n't really deserve it will get into the Hall of Fame .
Second , others who deserved it more wo n't get in because they just happened to play defense at an offensively rich position .
And third , because those weak offensive players got in , the bar lowers for entry .
Again , certain player types have been pigeon holed , but how is this practice any different than comparing players who batted eighth in the lineup ?
Or best pinch hitting left fielders ?
Should we put the best hitting pitcher in the Hall of Fame ?
He was average as a pitcher , but great as a hitter , so does he belong ?
Believe it or not , some voters have actually made arguments for a player because they were one of the best hitting designated hitters .
They talk about the DH like it's a defensive position that somehow affects their ability to hit .
When you think about it , it 's this type of over classification that has ruined relief pitching .
We invented the save statistic , so now the one inning closer is revered .
Next up is the middle reliever and their holds .
Do n't laugh , next we 'll be putting middle relievers in the Hall of Fame because they were the best at their position .
In reality , though , this almost makes more sense than putting an average hitter into the Hall of Fame who happened to play at an offensively challenged defensive position .
At least when you put a middle reliever into the Hall of Fame ( God , no ) , you 're basing it on that player 's direct responsibilities .
By changing the standards per position , you 're saying that players who play different positions have different responsibilities .
That may have happened , to an extent , over time , but it does n't make it right .
I like to make things less complicated by comparing them to the simpler things in life .
When we were in Little League , we put our worst players in right field .
No one hit it there , so they were shielded and safe in that position .
If you were to create a Hall of Fame of Little Leaguers , would you be obligated to select a right fielder and compare right fielders to other right fielders ?
Of course not .
You put in the best baseball players , regardless of position .
Was a baseball player one of the most dominant hitters of his era ?
Put him in the Hall of Fame .
Was he a great ( but maybe less dominant ) but also one of the finest defensive players of his era ?
Put him in the Hall of Fame .
Voting has gotten too complicated over the years .
You start comparing players from different positions when all of these factors like era and number of games at different positions come into play , voters get confused real fast .
Suddenly , it becomes really easy to make an argument for just about anyone .
It 's why guys like Ellis Burks , Robin Ventura and Eric Karros somehow get votes .
Voters tie themselves up in statistical knots .
Keep it simple .
Bill Mazeroski is in the Hall of Fame , and I have no idea why .
He was a second baseman who was no better than average with the bat .
But I guarantee that he does n't get a vote if he played first base .
I 've seen many make the argument that Barry Larkin is a Hall of Famer because he is one of the best offensive shortstops ever .
Well , he probably is .
Shortstops have historically sucked .
It was n't until Yount and Ripken ( and then the Steroid Era that included Alex Rodriguez and Nomar Garciaparra ) that shortstops started hitting home runs like the big boys .
This may be a shock to you , but Larkin was n't a dominating offensive player .
He was good .
He was above average .
He flashed greatness .
But he was merely very good during an era pumped up by steroids .
Larkin is a borderline guy who gets Hall of Fame lock discussion , but there are others who make similar arguments for guys like Alan Trammell .
Stop .
I beg you .
Meanwhile , much more deserving offensive players who were more dominating during their eras like Dwight Evans , Dave Parker , Tim Raines , Dick Allen , Ron Santo , Sherry Magee , Bob Johnson , Vada Pinson , Al Oliver , Reggie Smith , Norm Cash , Frank Howard and Dale Murphy are neglected .
Notice a common theme here ?
They were all outfielders or corner infielders , playing a defensive position rich in offensive talent .
Had they played shortstop ( even a below average shortstop ) , they 'd be enshrined .
Have I harped on this enough ?
A player 's defensive position only matters when evaluating his performance at that position .
If we 're going to evaluate hitters , evaluate them all as hitters .
They have differing styles -- some are fast , some are slow ; some are power hitters , some hit for average .
But in the end , great players are great players .
They are great in different ways , but do n't let something completely unrelated affect how we view offensive greatness .
ICC World Twenty20 final , Barbados :
England 148-3 ( 17 ovs ) bt Australia 147-6 ( 20 ovs ) by seven wickets
Match scorecard England had never won a major limited - overs tournament in 35 years of trying
By Harry Reekie
England secured their first victory at an ICC limited - overs tournament with a crushing seven - wicket win against Australia in the World Twenty 20 final .
Australia slipped to 8 - 3 after being put in by Paul Collingwood but recovered to post a competitive 147 - 6 , with David Hussey top- scoring on 59 .
Craig Kieswetter ( 63 ) and Kevin Pietersen ( 47 ) took England to 118 - 1 but then fell in quick succession .
But Collingwood eased his side home with exactly three overs remaining .
It was a memorable win for England and delivered their first global trophy in the 35 - year history of limited - overs competitions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Andy Flower 's side have reinvented themselves as a hugely dangerous outfit in the West Indies , and few could argue they are not worthy winners after another impressive display with bat and ball in Bridgetown .
Once again the bowling was tight and disciplined , and the batting aggressive from the off .
Indeed , it was rather out of character for England to win a game against Australia at such a canter .
Victory for Michael Clarke 's side , who came into the tournament unseeded , would have given them a clean sweep of World Cup , Champions Trophy and Twenty20 titles .
But it was not to be as England continued to dominate in the Caribbean sunshine .
Kieswetter scored 63 off 49 balls and hit two sixes Much has been made of the international flavour of England 's batting line - up but , just as had been the case against Sri Lanka in the semi-final , it was a thoroughly homegrown bowling attack that did the early damage for Collingwood 's side .
Shane Watson , so often the bludgeon at the top of the Australia order , departed after only three balls when a wild edge off Ryan Sidebottom was parried by wicketkeeper Kieswetter and taken superbly on the rebound by Graeme Swann at slip .
Opening partner David Warner followed in the second over , run out by a diving Michael Lumb after captain Clarke called a suicidal single to cover .
And Australia were left flagging badly on 8 - 3 when Brad Haddin was given out caught down the leg - side to only the 13th delivery of the match - although replays showed the ball had clipped his hip .
Clarke and Hussey stemmed the tide but managed little else against the new ball .
A remarkable statistic of only two boundaries after seven overs told its own story .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The introduction of spin did little to alleviate the pressure and when Collingwood pulled off a truly sensational catch at mid-wicket to dismiss Clarke , the Aussies were literally scratching their heads in disbelief .
But some big hitting from Hussey and Cameron
White eventually saw the scoring burst into life when Michael Yardy was smashed for 21 in the 13th over and the pair continued their assault to put on 50 from 37 balls .
White enjoyed something of a lifeline when Stuart Broad dropped a difficult chance running backwards but the England bowler got his revenge by taking another difficult chance to hand Luke Wright his first wicket of the competition .
606 : DEBATE
England have not just played good cricket but a good brand of cricket , and a brand we all love .
Amir Mir
That brought Mike Hussey to the crease , fresh from his batting heroics in the semi-final against Pakistan , and some lusty blows from the two brothers boosted Australia in the latter overs .
David Hussey was run out with four balls to go in a tight final burst from Broad but 147 - 6 represented a fine recovery from Clarke 's side after such a dreadful start .
England 's hopes of a rapid response were curtailed firstly when Lumb ( 2 ) chipped tamely to mid-on off Shaun Tait and secondly when a farcical problem with the sightscreen forced play to be suspended for 10 minutes .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Kieswetter had argued gaps in the electrical screens were making it hard to see the ball but when play finally resumed new batsman Pietersen certainly did not seem to share his concerns .
A series of rasping drives through the covers saw the pair put on 50 in quick time and reach the 100 - partnership in only 62 balls .
But when Pietersen was caught at long - off trying to launch Steve Smith out of the ground and Kieswetter bowled comically by Mitchell Johnson leaving a straight one , England nerves began to flutter .
But Collingwood and Eoin Morgan made sure there was no late drama , sealing a superb win with 18 balls to spare .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Linux Mint 9 offers an interesting and fresh spin on Ubuntu 10.04
On May 18th , the Linux Mint project released version 9 , codenamed " Isadora " of their popular re-spin of the Ubuntu Linux operating system .
What 's the big deal about Linux Mint and why is it so popular among Linux users ?
It 's because that it includes a number of improvements and tweaks that are n't set up out - of - the - box in the base Ubuntu distribution .
Also See : Linux Mint 9 ( Gallery )
Linux Mint 9 follows Ubuntu 's 10.04 LTS release , and shares many of the same components including the source package feeds , so in effect it is a " Superset " of what already comes in Ubuntu 10.04 .
However in Linux Mint , there are a number of differences , most notably the use of the SLAB menuing system that originated in SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop and openSUSE 11.x .
This menuing system and the bottom - of - screen layout is similar to the " Start Menu " of Windows , so Linux newbies may prefer this over the default Mac - Like top of screen layout in GNOME 2.3x .
A KDE 4.x version of Linux Mint 9 has not yet been released , but is forthcoming .
In addition to the use of SLAB , Mint has its own Software Manager as well as its own Software Updater that look different and are more streamlined than Ubuntu's .
Mint also includes its own software / file backup tool .
However , what may be considered the most significant improvement in Mint is the fact that many codecs and plugins are already preloaded , thus making for a better out - of - the box multimedia experience with Linux .
Firefox 3.6.3 has been pre-loaded with codecs for DiVX , Quicktime , RealPlayer 9 , Windows Media , MPlayer , Java Web Start ( icedtea ) and of course Macromedia Flash 10 .
Linux Mint 9 is available for 32 - bit and 64 - bit Intel desktop platforms and can be downloaded here .
Have you downloaded Linux Mint 9 yet ?
Talk Back and Let Me Know .
In a plan intended to fight child labor , a coalition of major sporting goods manufacturers and child - advocacy groups has pledged to combat the sale of soccer balls stitched by thousands of children in Pakistan , which produces 75 percent of the world 's hand - stitched soccer balls .
Close to 10,000 Pakistani children under the age of 14 work up to 10 hours a day stitching the leather balls , often for the equivalent of $ 1.20 a day .
The goal of the program is to wipe out child labor in the industry in Pakistan within 18 months .
The effort sets up a $ 1 million fund that will pay for independent monitors to inspect ball - making sites and for efforts to educate children , some as young as 6 , whose impoverished parents push them into stitching balls rather than going to school .
The program represents the first time that all the major manufacturers in an industry have joined with local contractors and children 's groups , including Save the Children and Unicef , to eliminate child labor .
The coordinated plan is to be formally announced in Atlanta today .
But some children 's rights advocates wonder how far $ 1 million will go in helping the thousands of children who might lose their jobs .
The sports equipment manufacturers pledged not to sell balls made by children after being embarrassed by news reports and pressed by thousands of soccer - playing children and their parents in North America and Europe who wrote letters and signed petitions voicing concern that they were playing with such equipment .
Last September FIFA , the international soccer federation , said it would not endorse soccer balls unless manufacturers certified they were not made by children .
The soccer - ball industry is concentrated in the Sialkot region of Punjab province , where children learn from an early age the art of stitching hexagonal pieces of leather into balls .
Jeff Ballinger , director of Press for Change , a labor rights group , said , '' The soccer - ball industry is so concentrated in the Sialkot region and child labor is such a hot - button issue that they should be pretty successful in policing it there .
But it 's possible it could spread to other places in Pakistan , or even other countries . ''
To prevent Pakistani contractors from using children in the future , the agreement calls for soccer - ball companies to register the names of all contractors , individual workers and work locations to make it easier for monitors to ferret out child labor .
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan estimates that children make 10 to 20 percent of all soccer balls produced in Pakistan , which produces three - fourths of the 30 million to 40 million hand - sewn soccer balls sold each year worldwide .
According to industry officials , children are paid 60 cents on average for each soccer ball they stitch , usually at the rate of about two balls a day , while adults earn a little more per ball .
Companies taking part in the plan include Adidas , Reebok , Nike , Umbro , Mitre , Brine and 50 others .
Corporate officials said the plan might push up the price of soccer balls slightly because of the cost of monitoring labor and the higher salaries for adults .
Dan McCurry , director of Foulball , a group that campaigns against the use of child labor to produce soccer balls , welcomed the companies ' pledge , but said , '' It would be obscene to raise the price of the balls , which now retail for $ 30 to $ 50 , because this program means they might pay stitchers 70 cents a ball instead of 60 cents . ''
Because all major soccer - ball companies are involved , children 's advocates say the agreement is more forceful than one in which hundreds of rug merchants , representing a small minority of the industry , pledge not to sell rugs unless factories first certify that they do not use child labor .
In addition to the sporting goods and rug industries , child labor is prevalent in the making of apparel and surgical instruments in third - world nations .
The partners in the effort say they not only will steer children into education , but will seek to offset the income that families lose from having their children stop working .
In addition , they pledge to help place parents or older siblings in jobs or provide them with small loans to start their own businesses .
In this way , the plan is intended to avoid an unforeseen result that arose a few years ago when apparel makers in Bangladesh threw hundreds of children out of work when the companies grew alarmed that the United States would ban imports made with child labor .
With the sudden loss of employment , many children turned to even worse jobs , like making bricks or even prostitution .
Reebok and Nike had already pledged to sell only balls made in their own factories , and not ones made by subcontractors .
This is expected to make it easier to insure that no child labor is used .
Paul Fireman , Reebok 's chairman , said , '' We 'd like to see everyone join with us , and although this will sound bizarre in the world of business , we 'd rather see the world operate at a better level .
And maybe this will spread to other industries . ''
The fund to run the monitoring and education program includes $ 500,000 from the International Labor Organization , $ 360,000 from Pakistani manufacturers , $ 200,000 from Unicef and $ 100,000 from the Soccer Industry Council of America , a trade association .
'' The manufacturers are n't reacting to a concern that people are n't buying soccer balls , '' said John Riddle , president of the United States Sporting Goods Manufacturers Association .
'' What they 're reacting to is a potential degradation of the value of their brand .
They think their brands are important , that their corporate good name is important , and they do n't want to see that impaired . ''
American consumers may call a toll free number , 888-NO - 1-CHILD ( 888-661-2445 ) to learn which brands have pledged not to sell balls made with child labor .
" There is one lady who has had about 10 procedures on her lips by this man .
It is all cuts , " she told the National .
Dr. Jeehan Qadir , executive director of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery in Dubai , said she has seen at least two women who went under Moos ' knife .
Several of Moos ' patients are said to be suffering from serious complications .
The Dubai police arrested Moos in February and charged him with endangering the lives of patients , impersonating a physician and carrying out unlicensed activities , reported the United Arab Emirates - based English newspaper the National .
In his underground clinic , he allegedly nipped and tucked and performed various delicate cosmetic surgery procedures on customers lying on top of his kitchen table .
Some local media reports say the conditions were so primitive that Moos , apparently lacking adequate surgical equipment , threw removed fat from liposuction operations into a cooking pot .
Posing as a renowned U.S. plastic surgeon , Steven Moos managed to lure scores of patients into his Dubai villa with rosy promises of beauty at a low cost , according to officials .
“ These women trusted him to do a good job .
We are all very upset about what happened .
Cosmetic surgery is something people think very hard about and this man has abused their trust , " she added .
According to officials at the Dubai Health Authority , Moos was impersonating and using the good reputation of Dr. Steven Hopping , a top cosmetic surgeon based in Washington , D.C. Hopping performs a few surgeries per year at the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery Hospital in Dubai .
The scam emerged when a patient in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) sent Hopping a fake business card with his name on it , asking if it really was him .
Hopping immediately contacted the clinic in Dubai , which then notified the Dubai authorities .
Aside from facing legal charges in Dubai , Moos also is wanted in the U.S. by the FBI and Interpol on charges of drug trafficking and crimes against life and health , among others .
The online newspaper the Oregonian says that Moos previously worked as a doctor in the town of Tigard in Oregon and then fled the country after police found cocaine , marijuana and other illegal drugs at his million - dollar home , which he shares with his wife and four children .
According to the report , Moos got into trouble in 2000 when the Oregon Board of Medical Examiners fined him several thousands of dollars and put him on probation for 10 years for prescribing medications , including Viagra , over the Internet to people whom he'd never examined .
Federal prosecutors also accused him of trying to import mislabeled human growth hormone from China .
Moos ' medical license was revoked in 2003 , and the authorities issued an arrest warrant for him in 2004 when he and his family disappeared , the report added .
His arrest in Dubai , however , does not mark the first time the Dubai authorities have busted bogus doctors .
In February , the Dubai police raided an illegal plastic surgery clinic that was being run out of an apartment in a crackdown on underground cosmetic salons .
When the squad barged onto the premises , they found unlicensed surgeons performing surgery on patients on makeshift beds .
Surgical equipment was kept alongside with kitchen utensils in the apartment , reported the National .
-- Alexandra Sandels in Beirut
Photo : Steven Moos , who posed as a top U.S. plastic surgeon and who also is wanted by the FBI , has been arrested in Dubai .
Credit : FBI
Nearly 160 people are feared dead after an airliner crashed while landing near the southern Indian city of Mangalore .
Indian officials said there were eight survivors among 160 passengers and six crew on board the Air India Express flight from Dubai .
The Boeing 737 overshot the hilltop runway as it tried to land and burst into flames in a valley beyond .
Indian Aviation Minister Praful Patel said he felt " morally responsible " for the crash , AFP news agency reports .
Survivors said they thought they heard what sounded like a tyre bursting just before the crash .
Speaking to Indian TV from his hospital bed , survivor Umer Farooq said he heard a loud thud as the plane touched down .
" Then the plane veered off toward some trees on the side and then the cabin filled with smoke .
I got caught in some cables but managed to scramble out , " he said .
Mr Farooq was being treated for burns to his arms , legs , and face .
Difficult access
All the passengers on the flight were Indian nationals , with many returning from jobs in the Gulf to visit their families , says the BBC's Sanjoy Majumder in Delhi .
There were up to 20 children on board , our correspondent adds .
Mangalore airport lies on top of a hill with steep drops at the end of each of its two runways .
One of the runways was extended in 2006 to accommodate larger planes like the Boeing 737 .
ANALYSIS Air India Express is a budget airline and a subsidiary of the national carrier Air India .
This is the first crash in its relatively short history .
The plane was no more than three years old .
Air India Express mainly caters to the southern Indian states of Kerala and Karnataka , where this plane crashed , with flights to and from the Gulf , where a large number of Indian nationals work .
India has a relatively good air safety record but in the past decade there has been a rapid growth in the aviation industry .
A number of new airlines have been launched , which has led to a shortage of some experienced crew .
The airline said the plane had overshot the runway as it came into land at about 0600 ( 0030 GMT ) and crashed into a wooded valley .
TV pictures showed rescue workers and local villagers scrambling on steep hillsides to search the smoking wreckage .
A Mangalore police official told the BBC that smoke from the crash site had made it difficult for rescue workers to gain access to the plane .
" As far as the information available with us is concerned , eight persons were rescued and shifted to local hospitals in Mangalore for treatment , " Air India official Anup Shrivasta told reporters .
Mr Patel said one person was unharmed , four had minor injuries and three were being treated for major injuries .
One passenger , described as a seven - year - old boy , died on the way to hospital .
Officials said 146 bodies had so far been recovered , some burned beyond recognition .
Warnings
A light , pre-monsoon rain was reported to be falling at the time but the head of the Indian airport authority , VP Agarwal , said visibility was not a problem .
He said the pilot had given no distress call to the control tower .
Local media named the pilot as Serbian Zlatko Glusica .
He was said to have 10,000 hours of flying time , including experience of Mangalore 's airport .
AFP news agency said Mr Glusica also had British citizenship .
The civil aviation minister said an investigation had been ordered into the crash , and that the flight data and voice " black box " recorders had not been found .
After visiting the scene of the crash , Mr Patel observed that Mangalore airport had a short runway and a limited area after that to accommodate planes that overshot the landing strip .
He said the Air India Express flight had missed its landing threshold by about 2,000 feet ( 600 metres ) .
" Because the spill - over area was limited , it went off a cliff , " he said .
Mr Patel added that one of the plane 's wings had hit a navigational aid near the end of the runway called a localiser and broke off before the rest of the plane plunged into the valley .
There have been cautions before about the position of Mangalore 's runways , which analysts say poses challenges for pilots .
A former adviser to the Civil Aviation Ministry said he had given warnings in the past about the airport and said it should not be used by bigger aircraft such as the Boeing 737 .
" The problems are there , that if you overshoot , if your brakes fail or if you can't stop the aircraft for any reason , then it will fall and roll over the cliff into the valley with disastrous consequences , and that is what happened today here , " said Air Marshal Denzil Keelor .
' I just jumped '
One of the survivors , KP Manikutty , said the landing had at first appeared to be smooth and then the plane had crashed with no warning .
" Immediately on touching the ground , the aircraft jerked and in a few moments hit something , " he said .
" Then it split in the middle and caught fire .
I just jumped from the gap , " he added .
Air India Express began operations about five years ago as an offshoot of the state - run Air India .
Its Boeing 737-800 jet that crashed was less than three years old .
India 's air safety record has been good in the past decade , despite a rapid increase in the number of private airlines and air travel in the country .
The last major crash happened in the city of Patna in July 2000 , killing at least 50 people .
This is a cautionary tale from the Philadelphia Daily News .
Yes , we 're rapidly privatizing schools , building them around wealthy CEOs ' uninformed wish lists designed to produce workers .
They 're using the kids as guinea pigs in this great capitalist experiment , carrying the torch of Ronald Reagan 's conviction that public education exists primarily to fund free job training for business .
Hell , what 's not to like ?
Especially when you get to bash teachers along the way :
When the High School of the Future opened amid the rolling green grass of Fairmount Park four years ago , many parents eagerly sought a place there for their children .
On its first day , Sept. 7 , 2006 , former school district superintendent Paul Vallas and former Mayor John Street rang bells outside the school in Parkside to start the new year .
It was an expansive , space - age - looking facility - dubbed the " Microsoft School " because the company helped design it - where every student was issued laptops and textbooks were n't required .
Now , Ivy Dixon , whose daughter Soleil is among the first group of seniors to graduate after spending four years there , said she and her daughter feel cheated .
" There are too many learners at the school whose college options are limited due to the lack of solid foundations in core subject matters delivered by the majority of inexperienced educators , " Dixon told the School Reform Commission yesterday .
Superintendent Arlene C. Ackerman told Dixon that other parents had come to her this spring with similar concerns about students ' lacking " foundational skills " as teens began getting the results of their SAT scores and applying to colleges .
" This is not the first time I 've heard this , " Ackerman said .
" We are looking at the curriculum at High School of the Future .
We 'll definitely be making some changes . "
Later , senior class president Quetta Fairy said students were told earlier this year that only 48 of the 120 members of the senior class would be eligible to graduate .
" Now , we can't seem to get any answers on how many will actually graduate , " Fairy said .
But she said a number of students feel that low SAT scores have meant they will have to go to a community college .
According to Dixon , and several students who accompanied her yesterday , the school 's focus on computer - based learning may have left some students struggling with the basics .
" We do n't have any textbooks there , and we need them , " Dixon told the commission .
Now , you might think this was some kind of horrible oversight .
But was it ?
Danny Weil over at Daily Censored , a most enlightening piece on Obama 's push to privatize education :
You will never see a town hall meeting on ‘ standards in education ’ on any corporate news channel and not much on other progressive venues either .
The policies of Race to the Top are literally destroying lives in cities throughout the nation .
According to the Atlantic Journal Constitution : “ Starting with the Class of 2012 , every Georgia student must pass four years of math to receive a college prep diploma even if he or she plans to attend a technical school or enter the work force after graduation .
Special needs students can appeal to opt out after completing Math III if they stay concurrently enrolled in math support classes and a review of their education plan makes it clear that the course would be the highest level they could achieve ” ( By D. Aileen Dodd and John Perry The Atlanta Journal - Constitution May 20 , 2010 http://www.ajc.com/news/new-curriculum-math-anxiety-532073.htm).
The Atlantic Journal Constitution then went on to note what many of us have been saying , or screaming for years : “ When the state initiated this new era of souped - up instruction in math , pushing students to grasp complex concepts in algebra , geometry and statistics sooner than ever before , the goal was to produce a new generation of college - ready teens to compete globally ” ( ibid ) .
There you have it .
It is really gets no clearer ; the neo-cons are in control of the educational process for their delusional competitive free market that is failing as we read and write .
So , in an effort to compete with low paid workers in China in areas of science , math and technology students , “ higher standards were passed , standards so high even tutors for kids ca n’t do the problems .
Aker says the program is so accelerated that upperclassmen that used to help her tutor ca n’t do the math the freshmen do ( ibid ) .
The math overhaul was pushed by state Superintendent Kathy Cox .
Now that Cox has announced she will not seek a third term , some parents and teachers wonder whether the program will continue at the same accelerated pace , be diluted or scrapped altogether by her successor .
Slash and burn , Kathy and then retire on an administrator ’s salary after leaving a wake of bodies and minds under nourished by your vicious policies .
Do n’t be surprised if old Kathy goes to work for one of the testing companies that is needed to support the curriculum she tube fed teachers and students paid for by tax dollars .
I just wonder when people will start to notice .
Elizabeth Stark sez ,
Several students in my Intellectual Property in the Digital Age at Yale recently made this kickass Creative Commons - licensed film on remix culture and appropriation .
The film features interviews from DJ Earworm , Jonathan Lethem , DJ Ripley , Eclectic Method , Joy Garnett , Michael Cunningham , and others .
" Walking on Eggshells " is a 24 - minute documentary about appropriation , creative influence , re-use and intellectual property in the remix age .
It is a conversation among various musicians , visual artists , writers and lawyers , all sharing their views on why and how we use and create culture , and how intellectual property law , originally designed to provide people with incentives to create , sometimes hinders creative production far more than it enhances it .
HOT LINE : 1-888-AUTOFIT
AUTOFiT provides high quality replacement auto body parts ( hoods , fenders , front bumpers , rear bumpers , headlights , tail lamps , grilles , fog lamps , mirrors , and many more ) at very low and affordable prices .
Order parts online , and have them shipped to your address or pick up in one of our stores in Houston , Dallas & Phoenix .. more ...
Teaching economic principles : algebra , graph or both ?
Page / Link : Page URL : Page URL : HTML link : < a href= " https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Teaching+economic+principles%3a+algebra%2c+graph+or+both%3f-a0227362966</a>
HTML link : Citations : MLA style : " Teaching economic principles : algebra , graph or both ? . "
The Free Library .
2010 Omicron Delta Epsilon 01 Oct. 2020 " Teaching economic principles : algebra , graph or both ?. " .
2010 Omicron Delta Epsilon 01 Oct. 2020 https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Teaching+economic+principles%3a+algebra%2c+graph+or+both%3f-a0227362966
Chicago style : The Free Library .
S.v. Teaching economic principles : algebra , graph or both ?. "
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from The Free Library .
S.v. Teaching economic principles : algebra , graph or both ?. "
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Teaching+economic+principles%3a+algebra%2c+graph+or+both%3f-a0227362966
APA style : Teaching economic principles : algebra , graph or both ?. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from Teaching economic principles : algebra , graph or both ?. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Teaching+economic+principles%3a+algebra%2c+graph+or+both%3f-a0227362966
ARE 100A ARE 100B ARE 155 ARE156 ECN 1A ECN 1B ECN 100 ECN 101 Math16A Math 16B Math21A Math21B GPA : What 's your cumulative GPA ?--
Price per Quantity Slice Demanded $ 1.00 200 0.80 400 0.60 600 0.40 800 0.20 1,000
The interaction of the buying decisions of consumers and the selling decisions of producers determines the market price of an item .
If the producers ask a price that the consumers feel is too high , the product will not sell .
Accordingly , the price must be lowered until the market price is achieved .
At this price , the quantity of the good or service that producers are willing to produce and supply to the market is identical with the quantity consumers are willing and able to buy .
Economists call this price the equilibrium price , meaning the price that brings balance .
If the price at which a good or service is offered to the public is above the equilibrium price , producers will be willing to supply more of the commodity but buyers will buy less .
The result is an excess in supply ( a surplus ) .
If the price is below equilibrium , the producers are willing to supply less of the commodity but buyers are willing to buy more .
The result is a temporary excess of demand ( a shortage ) .
TABLE 1 . Descriptive statistics and percentage shares of correct answers .
Economics Classes 1 2 or 3 4 + All Number of Students 64 79 102 245 Average GPA 3.02 3.10 3.19 3.12 Econ Major ( % ) 53 70 88 73 Part I ( graph [ right arrow ] equation ) 1 : Inverse [ right arrow ]
Direct 50 58 73 62 2 : Inverse [ right arrow ]
Inverse 64 79 94 82 3 : Direct [ right arrow ]
Direct 64 91 84 81 Part II ( equation [ right arrow ] equation ) 4 : Direct [ right arrow ]
Direct 91 95 99 96 5 : Inverse [ right arrow ]
Direct 91 95 95 94
Part III ( equation [ right arrow ] graph ) 6 : Direct [ right arrow ]
Inverse 41 58 61 55 7 : Direct [ right arrow ]
Direct 59 60 74 66 8 : Inverse [ right arrow ]
Inverse 47 55 69 59
One of the first things students encounter in their first economics class ( i.e. , Principles of Economics ) is the inverse demand curve , a graphical depiction of demand that inverts the algebraic expression of demand as a function of price so that price is on the vertical axis .
This convention , as many professors know , can be confusing to students .
Is this confusion worthwhile or can we teach Principles in a different way that is beneficial ( on net ) students and for professors ?
In this paper , we explore the possibility of delaying the introduction of inverse demand and argue that the short and long run benefits from such a delay outweigh the costs .
We are not the first to examine the impact of presentation in economics teaching .
Those who have looked into the broader question ( " graphs versus algebra " ) make recommendations that appear to conflict .
Thus we have Cohn et al. ( 2001 , 2004 ) blaming graphs for students ' confusion and Hey ( 2005 ) suggesting that graphs are better than algebra .
These suggestions can be reconciled if we consider that students actually suffer from the mix of graph and algebra .
But does the problem originate in the mixture itself or the way that graphic and algebraic forms are mixed ?
To answer this question , we compared several mixed forms : the standard heterogeneous combination of algebraic direct demand and graphical inverse demand and alternative algebra - graph combinations ( direct - direct or inverse - inverse ) in homogeneous forms .
Because the inverse - direct mixture is the standard in economics , and we test students taking economics classes , we hypothesize that students will do at least as well answering questions posed in heterogeneous form as they do on questions in homogenous forms .
We reject this hypothesis .
The 245 students who answered questions in our survey ( see Appendix A ) did worse on questions posed in heterogeneous forms than they did on questions posed in homogenous forms .
Even worse , this performance gap does not disappear with exposure to economics .
Students who had taken four or more economics classes got higher scores than students who were taking their first class , but still did worse on inverse demand questions .
These results are troubling for at least two reasons .
First , they occur despite professors ' attempts to help students overcome the widely - acknowledged problem of working with inverse demand .
Second , they indicate that students of economics may face a serious and persistent barrier to understanding and using the tools of our profession .
Although we are not here to praise inverse demand , we are also not here to bury it .
We understand the impressive utility of inverse demand and how this graphical convention is fundamental to economic analysis , teaching and communication .
It is with this explicit benefit in mind that we recommend minimizing the cost of the inverse demand convention by delaying its use in Principles .
Instead , we recommend that professors work with an algebra - graph pair in homogenous form ( probably direct - direct ) until students master analysis and manipulation with that technique .
After that point , they can be taught to invert the algebra , draw inverse demand curves , and perform the analysis we use so often .
This suggestion will create new costs for the professor who will have to work with an ( initially ) unfamiliar format and for the students who will have to switch from one format to another , but we believe that the cost of " flipping axes " will be outweighed by the benefits to students ( improved comprehension and manipulation skills ) and professors ( less student confusion ) .
On a larger scale , better teaching will benefit the profession on the extensive margin ( more students who continue in economics ) and intensive margin ( better understanding of economics among students who take one class or many ) .
In the next section , we describe how inverse demand is used and review the literature .
In Section 2 , we report results indicating that students find it harder to use inverse demand .
In Section 3 , we discuss these results and how teachers can use them to improve their teaching .
1 . Teaching with Inverse DemandMost instructors teach Principles of Economics to undergraduates with algebra and graphs .
Although the weight given to each component varies by instructor , some elements are universally accepted as " the standard . "
Perhaps the most famous is the inverted graphical presentation of demand in which the independent variable in the algebra ( price ) appears on the vertical axis .
This presentation is called " inverse demand . "
See Figure 1 for an example and Appendix B for more background .
The left panel of Figure 1 shows our conventional view of demand , supply and surplus -- the shaded area between the demand curve and vertical axis and above the flat marginal cost curve .
The right panel moves these same curves so that demand is direct , i.e. , at a price of zero , quantity demanded is 4 ( the intercept on the vertical axis , now representing quantity ) .
As price rises , the quantity demanded falls , and the direct demand curve slopes down until it hits zero at a price of 8 .
( Note how this descriptive language matches our typical description of demand : a change in price leads to a change in quantity demanded . )
Given a vertical supply curve ( perfectly elastic at a price of zero ) , the equilibrium is at P = 2 , Q = 3 , and surplus is the area under the demand curve , to the right of cost and above the horizontal axis .
The inverse demand form used in all economic figures maintains consistency across various analytical goals and easily integrates with economic theory that 's " naturally inverted , " e.g. , marginal utility and marginal cost .
Beginning students may not experience this benefit because , first , inverse demand contradicts the mathematical convention of putting the independent variable on the x -axis ; second , they must convert algebraic direct demand into graphical inverse demand ; and third , they may not appreciate the future benefits of inverse demand .
This imbalance does not make it easy for students to persist in economics , a major that -- according to Hansen et al. ( 2001 ) -- loses 95 percent of students who take Principles to other majors .
( 1 ) Although students may have trouble learning with inverse demand , professors are unlikely to have trouble teaching with it .
Since professors use inverse demand for their research and understand its future benefits , they are willing to tolerate its drawbacks .
We wanted to know if professors adjusted their teaching to address students ' potential confusion , and we asked for the opinions of professors at our university and subscribers to an internet discussion group on teaching economics .
In response to the question ( " If you 're teaching with inverse demand graphs ( exogenous p on the vertical axis ) , have you noticed that students have difficulty with its ' counterintuitive standard ? ' " ) , most of the thirteen who replied acknowledged that some students had difficulty with it .
They claimed that this cost did not keep them from using inverse demand because , first , " the smart students " had no trouble , and second , inverse demand has network externalities for students ( taking later economics classes ) and professors ( teaching in a way that is compatible with their colleagues ) .
These answers help us understand why professors prefer to use inverse demand ( they may also use it to minimize their effort ) , but they do not qualify or quantify the merit of inverse demand relative to other presentation methods .
For this comparison , we go to the literature .
[ FIGURE 1 OMITTED ]
From our reading , Cohn et al. ( 2001 ) are the first to mention the possibility that graphs may reduce learning by reducing the time available for other instructional methods .
( 2 ) Cohn et al. ( 2004 ) find that the students who report problems with graphs ( about half ) also do worse on exams .
Paradoxically , even more students ( 70 percent ) feel that graphs are helpful .
This latter result would not contradict the former result if students aspire to understand graphs without being able to use them very well .
( 3 ) Cohn et al. conclude by questioning the value of adding graphs to algebra .
In contrast to these results , Hey ( 2005 ) advocates teaching with graphs but not algebra .
We reconcile this apparent inconsistency with Cohn et al. by noting that students may be confused by the combination of algebra and graphs , not graphs or algebra per se .
Elzinga ( 2001 ) writes basically the same thing -- saying that " good teaching " ( time , effort ) is probably more important than the method of presentation .
Our notion agrees with Frank ( 2002 , p. 460 ) , who says " my point is not that the ideas themselves are useless .
Rather , it is that , for beginning students , the effort required to master them could be far better spent in other ways . "
( 4 ) Hamermesh ( 2002 ) puts this in a broader context , advocating that Principles be taught as if students will not take another economics class .
Instead , professors should teach the most important concepts with the least technical means possible .
Comprehension is important : Dynan and Rouse ( 1997 ) find that " bad performance " reduces the chance that a student will pursue the economics major .
Other research fleshes out these results : Anderson et al .
( 1994 ) find that students with a background in calculus are less likely to drop introductory economics , but a background in algebra hardly matters .
In Becker and Watts ( 2001 ) , professors in Principles rate calculus , algebra and graphs as ( respectively ) " not at all , " " moderately " and " extremely " important .
These results are perhaps compatible if a calculus background is correlated with proficiency in algebra and graphs -- something that Becker ( 1997 ) concludes .
Ballard and Johnson ( 2004 ) also find a positive correlation between mathematical ability and performance in Principles .
2 .
Survey of StudentsEconomists are comfortable with the idiosyncracies of inverse demand , but we suspected that students were not .
We surveyed 283 undergraduate students taking economics classes at our big university , and -- after eliminating incomplete surveys -- we ended up with 245 non-representative observations .
( 5 ) In the survey ( see Appendix A ) , we asked students to provide descriptive data and answer eight multiple choice questions divided into three parts .
Part I 's questions showed a demand graph and asked students to chose the equation that matched it ( graph [ right arrow ] equation ) .
Part II 's questions showed two demand equations and asked students to chose the equation for aggregate demand ( equation [ right arrow ] equation ) .
Part III 's questions showed two demand equations and asked students to chose the graph that matched aggregate demand ( equation [ right arrow ] graph ) .
Each part had questions and answers in direct and / or inverse form .
( 6 ) If the forms were the same ( e.g. , direct graph to direct equation ) , we call that question " homogeneous . "
If the question used an inverse graph and direct equation , then it was " heterogeneous . " ( 7 ) Since economics students had seen inverse demand in the past , we hypothesized that they would do better with that form .
2.1 . ResultsTable 1 gives descriptive statistics and scores on survey questions , i.e. , the percentage of the 245 students who got the question right .
73 percent of the students were economics majors , and their exposure to economics varied ( 26 percent were in their first class ; 42 percent had taken four or more classes ) .
Statistics for GPA , enrollment in the major , and prior math experience are not noteworthy .
Our first result is that students usually do worse on questions that use heterogeneous algebra - graph combinations ( questions 1 and 6 ) and better on homogenous combinations ( questions 2 , 3 , 7 and 8 ) .
T - tests between question pairs indicate that students do significantly worse on question 1 than on questions 2 or 3 ( p-values < 0.01 ) and on question 6 than on question 7 ( p- value < 0.05 ) ; the difference between questions 6 and 8 is not statistically significant .
( 8 ) In other words , students do significantly better on three of four questions using homogenous forms than on questions posed in the standard heterogeneous combination of algebra in the direct form and graph in the inverted form -- the combination that they have seen and used many times .
These results lead us to reject the null hypothesis that students do the same or better on questions that use inverse demand .
As a confirmation of the difficulty students have with inverse demand , observe that the success rate on question 6 for students in their first economics class is 41 percent , a result that is very close to the 33 percent success rate we would observe if they made random guesses .
Our second result is that student performance on homogeneous questions does not depend on the type of homogeneity ( direct - direct or inverse - inverse ) .
( 9 ) From this result , we conclude that student performance is a function of homogenous presentation , not adherence to the mathematical standard ( independent variable on the x-axis ) that appears with direct demand .
Our third result is that experienced students ( 4+ classes ) do better than beginning students ( first class ) on algebra - graph combinations in questions 1 - 3 and 6 - 8 ( p - values [ less than or equal to ] 0.05 ) .
Unfortunately , this " learning " result does not extend to advanced students ' facility with inverse demand .
As with the entire sample , the 102 advanced students do worse on question 1 than on questions 2 and 3 and question 6 than on question 7 ( p - values [ less than or equal to ] 0.05 ) .
Figure 2 shows these performance gaps , first , between advanced and beginning cohorts , and second , within cohorts .
We can therefore reject the hypothesis that students will master inverse demand if they are given enough time ; rather surprisingly , they do better with novel homogeneous forms that they 've never used .
[ FIGURE 2 OMITTED ]
Our fourth result is that students do far better on algebra - only questions 4 and 5 than they do on the other questions .
We ignore this result for two reasons .
First , it is easier to answer questions that did not require one to translate between algebra and graphs ( fewer steps and manipulations ) .
Second , we cannot translate this result into a recommendation when few economists are willing to discard graphs altogether .
3 . DiscussionAccording to our results , students do not have difficulty with graphs of inverse demand as much as a heterogeneous mix of graph and equation .
( 10 ) A homogeneous presentation of the material , in contrast , increases student success .
Do these results suggest that we teach Principles differently ?
The answer depends on whether we are teaching Principles to find future economists or to spread basic economics to as many as possible .
Professors might favor the former reason , i.e. , they may like the way that inverse demand selects for the " right " types of thinkers ( as it selected them ) .
Further , professors may prefer inverse demand because they do not want to make an additional effort to teach with a homogeneous form that is used neither in research nor in later economics classes .
While some students will doubtless prefer to learn with inverse demand ( because they intend to continue in economics ) , many more students -- the ones who only take one or two economics classes -- want to learn enough economics for basic literacy .
( 11 )
If inverse demand prevents them from learning basic concepts ( e.g. , the law of demand ) , then they will not benefit from it .
Even worse , inverse demand may lead the marginal student to take fewer economics classes or quit the major -- results that teachers of economics probably want to avoid .
Since these " non-professional " students are more numerous and a delayed introduction of inverse demand will not prevent economics majors from picking it up later , we merely recommend minimizing the transactions costs of inversion by inserting an intermediate step ( homogenous form ) so that students are able to learn the economics without tripping on the math .
Once they master the direct demand combination of equation and graph , they can proceed to inversion .
Put differently , we recommend learning two things ( economics of a demand function and inverting algebra ) serially , rather then in parallel .
Professors , for example , could take the following steps : (1) Start with direct algebraic forms of demand for an individual and supply for a firm .
Combine these into a graph in the direct form to find the price - taking equilibrium .
Total surplus is the area below ( not to the left of ) the supply and demand curves ; see the fight panel in Figure 1 for an example .
(2) Next , aggregate individual supply and demand functions to get aggregate demand and supply functions in both algebraic and graphic forms .
(3) After students are familiar with these functions , they can be inverted to clarify how price and quantity are simultaneously determined in the market .
(4) After students are comfortable with both forms , " naturally " inverse forms that treat quantity as the independent variable can be introduced and integrated , e.g. , marginal cost ( supply ) and marginal utility ( demand ) curves .
(5) This last step can take place within Principles , improving student learning during the term while ensuring that they learn to use the " industry standard " before the end of the term and before they take other economics classes .
Although this procedure creates new costs for professors who have to work with an ( initially ) unfamiliar format and the students who have to switch from one format to another , we believe that the cost of " flipping axes " is outweighed by the benefits to students ( improved comprehension and manipulation skills ) and professors ( less student confusion ) .
In addition to these benefits are the benefits to the profession : a larger share of students moving from Principles to major in economics and an improved understanding of economics for all students .
4. Conclusion
If test performance is correlated with student comprehension , then the heterogeneous combination of ( graphic ) inverse demand and ( algebraic ) direct demand is a sub-optimal standard for students .
In contrast to this result , we find that students do better with an homogeneous combination of graph and algebra .
These results may explain why students have difficulty in Principles of Economics .
Taking these results into account -- while acknowledging the importance of inverse demand in advanced economics -- we suggest that early instruction begin with graphs in a homogeneous form and that inverse demand be introduced later , when the benefits are greatest .
Appendix A : Economic Teaching Methods EvaluationInstructions .
This evaluation is voluntary and confidential .
Do NOT write any identifying information on this page !
Please try to answer all questions in the time allowed .
About You .
Major :
Are you now declared ( or intending to declare ) economics or managerial economics as your major ?
Please circle one ...
Yes NoClasses :
Please circle all classes that you have taken or are currently taking : Questions on Demand .
Part I : Choose the multiple choice answer corresponding to the given graph ( for the given axis combination ) ( 1 ) Choose the answer which matches the graph to the right ( [ Q.sub.d ] on x -axis ) .
( a ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 10 - 2 p ( b ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 5 - 1/2p( c ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 5 - 2 p [GRAPHIC OMITTED ]
(2) Choose the answer which matches the graph to the right ( [ Q.sub.d ] on x-axis ) .
( a) P = 7 - 7/2 [ Q.sub.d ] ( b ) P = 7 - 2/7 [ Q.sub .d ]
( c ) P = 2 - 2/7 [ Q.sub . d ]
[ GRAPHIC OMITTED ]
(3 ) Choose the answer which matches the graph to the right ( P on x - axis ) . ( a ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 3 - 1/2 p( b ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 6 - 2 p( c ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 6 - 1/2 p[GRAPHIC OMITTED ]
Part II : Given the following individual demand equations ( [ q.sub.1 ] , [ q.sub.2 ] ) and market price ( p ) , circle the correct value of aggregate demand , [ Q.sub.d ] ( where [ Q.sub.d ] = [ q.sub.1 ] + [ q.sub.2 ] ) .
(4) If [ q.sub.1 ] = 3 - 2 p , [ q.sub.2 ] = 3 - 2 p and p=1 , then : ( a ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 4 ( b ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 2 ( c ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 3(5 ) If p = 4 - 3[q.sub.1 ] , p = 4 - 3q2 andp = 1 , then : ( a ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 4 1/2(b ) [ Q.sub.d ] = 2 ( c ) [ Q.sub.d ] =7 1/3 Part III : Circle the graph representing the aggregate demand function ( for the given axis combination ) ( 6 ) If [ q.sub.1 ] = 4 - p and [ q.sub.2 ] = 4 - p , then aggregate demand looks like ( [ Q.sub.d ] on x-axis ) : [ GRAPHIC OMITTED ]
( 7 ) If [ q.sub.1 ] = 3 - p and [ q.sub.2 ] = 3 - p , then aggregate demand looks like ( P on x- axis ) : [ GRAPHIC OMITTED ]
(8 )
If p = 3 - [ 5q.sub.1 ] and p = 3 - [ 5 q.sub.2 ] , then aggregate demand looks like ( [ Q.sub.d ] on x-axis ) : [ GRAPHIC OMITTED ] [ ANSWERS : 1A , 2C , 3B , 4B , 5B , 6C , 7A , 8B . ]
Appendix B : The History and Use of Inverse DemandWhen Marshall wrote Principles of Economics , he put price on the vertical axis to show that price was a function of quantity .
He maintained his P ( Q ) notation -- even when he knew quantity to be a function of price -- for consistency .
Leon Walras presented Q( P ) on the vertical axis because he took price as given in the market adjustment process .
According to Ekelund Jr. and Hebert ( 1975 ) , " the basic difference between Walras and Marshall , with regard to the market adjustment mechanism , is that Walras regarded price as the adjusting variable when markets are in disequilibrium whereas Marshall focused on quantity as the adjusting variable in the same circumstances " [ p. 314 ] .
Today , economists mix algebraic traditions but stay with Marshall 's graphical standard .
In Teaching Economics , for example , Banaszak and Brennan ( 1983 , pp. 62-63 ) define demand as " the quantity of a product that individuals are willing and able to buy at each and every price during some specified period of time . "
As an example , they set out a demand schedule which shows the quantity of pizza demanded at each price , i.e. , This table is then translated into a demand curve which " expresses the relationship between price and quantity demanded " with price on the vertical axis , i.e. , [GRAPHIC OMITTED ]
In addition , Banaszak and Brennan mix and merge Walras and Marshall in a way that obscures their separate views .
On page 69 , they write : Supply and Demand : Price Determination
In the first paragraph , prices adjust until [ P.sub.d ] = [ P.sub.s ] ( and quantities balance ) .
In the next paragraph , price is given , [ Q.sub.d ] [ not equal to ] [ Q.sub.s ] , and a surplus or shortage results .
ReferencesAnderson , G. , Benjamin , D. , and Fuss , M.A. ( 1994 ) .
The Determinants of Success in University Introductory Economics Courses .
Journal of Economic Education , 25 ( 2):99- 119 .
Ballard , C.L. , and Johnson , M.F. ( 2004 ) .
Basic Math Skills and Performance in an Introductory Economics Class .
Journal of Economic Education , 35 ( 1):3-23 .
Banaszak , R.A. , and Brennan , D.C. ( 1983 ) .
Teaching Economics : Content and Strategies .
Addison - Wesley Publishing Co. , Menlo Park , CA .
Becker , W.E. ( 1997 ) .
Teaching Economics to Undergraduates .
Journal of Economic Literature , 35 ( 3 ) : 1347-1373 .
Becker , W.E. , and Watts , M. ( 2001 ) .
Teaching Economics at the Start of the 21st Century : Still Chalk - and - Talk .
American Economic Review , 91 ( 2):446-451.Cohn , E. , Cohn , S. , Balch , D.C. , and Bradley , James , J. ( 2001 ) .
Do Graphs Promote Learning in Principles of Economics ?
Journal of Economic Education , 32(4):299-310.Cohn , E. , Cohn , S. , Balch , D.C. , and Bradley Jr. , J. ( 2004 ) .
The Relation between Student Attitudes towards Graphs and Performance in Economics .
American Economist , 48:41 - 52 .Dynan , K. , and Rouse , C. ( 1997 ) .
The Under - representation of Women in Economics : A Study of Undergraduate Economics Students .
Journal of Economic Education , 28(4):350-68 .
Ekelund Jr. , R.B. , and Hebert , R.F. ( 1975 ) .
A History of Economic Theory and Method .
McGraw - Hill Book Company .
Elzinga , K.G. ( 2001 ) .
Fifteen Theses on Classroom Teaching .
Southern Economic Journal , 68 ( 2):249-257 .Frank , R.H. ( 2002 ) .
The Economic Naturalist : Teaching Introductory Students How to Speak Economics .
American Economic Review , 92 ( 2):459-462.Hamermesh , D.S. ( 2002 ) .
Microeconomic Principles Teaching Tricks .
American Economic Review , 92(2):449-453 .
Hansen , W.L. , Salemi , M.K. , and Siegfried , J.J. ( 2001 ) .
Creating a Standards - Based Economics Principles Course .
Working Paper 01 - W05 .
Hey , J.D. ( 2005 ) .
I Teach Economics , Not Algebra and Calculus .
Journal of Economic Education , pages 292-304 .
Notes ( 1. )
In any given year at our university , 10 percent of the students taking any economics class graduate with an economics degree .
If students average five years to completion and all students taking classes graduated in the major , this share would be 20 percent .
Thus , half the students taking economics classes graduate in another major , which is reasonable if economics is required in other departments .
( Half is far lower than 95 percent reported in Hansen et al. ( 2001 ) , but their figure is for Principles alone . )
Our point is that inverse demand may push students away from economics at the margin .
( 2. )
They find that graphs do not have a negative impact when added to the end of a non -graph lecture , which confounds the value of graphs with the value of additional lecture time .
( 3. )
The authors report that students who think graphs are helpful do not perform better than those who do not .
( 4. ) He suggests , for example , that it is better to spend more time on opportunity cost and less time on short - run average cost curves .
( 5. ) 7.1 percent of all undergraduates at our university are in the economics or managerial economics major , but we did not select a random sample of these students .
Instead , we gave the survey to students in eight discussion sections of four different economics classes ; they had enrolled in or taken an average of 2.95 ( median 3.00 ) classes in economics .
We did not control for previous or current professors .
( 6. ) We designed the survey by randomly using the inverse or direct form for a set of simple demand equations .
The answer choices were randomly sorted from a set which included the correct answer , a random answer , and an answer which came from an " upside down " method -- i.e. , as if the student did not invert when they should have or did invert when they should not have .
Numbers in each question and question order were randomly determined .
Although it is possible that some element in the construction of the questions may have favored some pattern of answers , that problem is never absent in test design .
( 7. ) We skipped the inverse equation - direct graph pair since it is rarely relevant in economics .
( 8. )
We assume that the answer for each question is distributed as multinomial with three possible outcomes per trial ( student ) .
( [ y.sub.i ] , [ p.sub.i ] ) describes the outcomes and probabilities for i = 1 , 2 , 3 , where 1 is the correct answer .
A maximum likelihood estimator for [ p.sub.k ] given observed ( [ y.sub.1 ] , [ y.sub.2 ] , [ y.sub.3 ] ) is simply the number of students who answer the kth choice divided by the total number of students .
Thus , we are implicitly assuming the same a priori [ p.sub.i ] across all students .
We constructed an asymptotic z-statistic to test the difference in the rate of success between pairs of questions within parts for significance .
We found the z-statistic with [ MATHEMATICAL EXPRESSION NOT REPRODUCIBLE IN ASCII ] N( 0 , 1 ) and where [ MATHEMATICAL EXPRESSION NOT REPRODUCIBLE IN ASCII ] .
Note that [ p.sup.s.sub.l ] and [ p.sup.t.sub.l ] indicate an estimated parameter for the probability of choosing the right answer ( choice 1 ) in two different questions ( e.g. direct - direct and direct - inverse ) .
This allows us to test hypotheses on student performance across different types of questions .
( 9. ) T - tests fail to reject equality between question pairs 2/3 , 4/5 and 7/8.( 10 . )
Although it is possible that these results are derivative of our particular sample or testing method , we know of no reason why the results would not apply to the population taking Principles .
Further , we are not concerned as to whether these results measure student success at math or economics .
Facility with inverse demand may not be sufficient for success in economics , but it is certainly necessary .
( 11 . ) The importance of teaching laypeople is increasing as Principles is offered earlier ( e.g. , as a required class for high school students ) and more broadly ( e.g. , as a required class for interdisciplinary diversity among other majors in the US and faculties in Europe ) .
by David Zetland , * Carlo Russo , ** and Navin Yavapolkul *** December 21 , 2009 .* Zetland ( corresponding author ) is at the Department of Agricultural & Resource Economics , University of California , Berkeley ; dzetland@gmail.com .**
Russo is at the Universita di Cassino -- DIMET .***
Yavapolkul is at the Department of Agricultural & Resource Economics , University of California , Davis .
We thank Aslihan Arslan , Derek Berwald , Chris Dawes , Jennifer Lee , Brendan Livingston , Matthew Pearson , and Teddy Wong for surveying students ; the 283 students who answered surveys ; and Byeongil Ahn , David Colander , Robert Frank , Jennifer Keeling , Gorm Kipperberg , Joaquim Silvestre , Rich Sexton , Ed Taylor , session participants at the 2005 WAEA , and an anonymous referee for their helpful comments .
This paper is derived from an earlier paper entitled " Is Inverse Demand Perverse ? "
Rockstar 's Red Dead Redemption hit stores earlier this month and is sure to be a leading candidate for one of the best games of 2010 , but your enjoyment of the game need n't stop when you 're done with what 's on the game disc .
Fans can look forward to DLC for many months to come .
" We 've announced the Outlaws to the End ( free ) Co - Op DLC Pack , which you should expect sometime in June , " said Rockstar in a new Q&A .
" We 'll have more details on that pack specifically very soon .
Look for some screens unveiling one of the other missions in that pack very soon . "
Rockstar added : " But also know that there will definitely be more DLC packs to follow , later this summer and into the fall .
Some exciting things are planned - we 'll be announcing info including release time frames and pricing on those in the coming months . "
For more on Red Dead Redemption head over to our feature packed game page .
If ISPs should be subject to " net neutrality , " should companies like Google be subject to " search neutrality " ?
When we wrote recently about the idea of " search neutrality , " some readers seemed to believe that we had coined the term , but nothing could be further from the truth .
" Search neutrality " now fills the FCC filings of companies like Comcast , Time Warner Cable , and AT&T , all of whom see no reason why their businesses should be picked out for regulatory scrutiny while Google goes about its business unmolested .
So where did the idea of search neutrality come from , and what does it mean ?
" Get ready to regulate Google "
Net neutrality was n't dreamed up by consumer interest groups , springing fully formed from the head of Gigi Sohn ( Public Knowledge ) or Ben Scott ( Free Press ) .
Nor did it start as a secret Google plot to clobber the ISPs .
No , net neutrality is just the latest attempt to answer some ancient questions concerning fairness , monopolies , and infrastructure .
In 2008 , University of Colorado law prof Phil Weiser ( now in the Obama Department of Justice ) wrote a paper of his own that offered this pithy summary of the basic issue .
In an important sense , the network neutrality debate merely replicates a debate now over one hundred years old in the telecommunications industry and public utility regulation more generally .
In particular , a provider of basic infrastructure — a railroad or a telecommunications network — will often seek some share of the available rents from the goods or services carried on their platform .
Without regulatory oversight , or countervailing monopoly power on the part of the goods manufacturer ( as Standard Oil enjoyed as to oil ) , the railroad companies were renowned ( and detested ) for charging supra-competitive prices that limited the potential profits available to the farmers whose goods were shipped via their platform .
Similarly , AT&T sought to entirely monopolize the provision of goods that worked in conjunction with its network , famously opposing ' foreign attachments ' and claiming for itself the sole right to charge ( supra - competitive rents ) for applications like telephones that connected to the network .
In response to both the abuses of monopoly power by the railroads and the Bell System , calls for transparency and competition policy oversight prevailed on the ground that society could not tolerate a state of affairs where 'a monopoly infrastructure business , in pursuit of its own ends , could take steps that would ruin one business and make another succeed . '
But even when you accept this idea , there are further questions to be answered about where remedies might be applied .
ISPs are an obvious chokepoint , but there may be others .
( The difficulty of drawing preemptive lines led Weiser to support an antitrust model , where regulators intervene after problems arise . )
Back in 2008 , the University of Minnesota 's Andrew Odlyzko wrote an important piece called " Network neutrality , search neutrality , and the never - ending conflict between efficiency and fairness in markets " ( PDF ) , which he later updated in 2009 .
The piece took a big picture look at the debate over net neutrality , arguing that the ideas behind it were really part of a policy debate " going back for centuries . "
He and Weiser agreed : the debate reflected a fundamental tension between " efficiency and fairness in markets , a tension that has never been completely resolved . "
Odlyzko is a hugely respected voice on the economics of networks and on the growth of Internet traffic , so his words carried particular weight : " Should net neutrality or some similar set of rules come to dominate ( either because of market forces , or through regulation ) , attention would likely turn to other parts of the economy that might be perceived as choke points for social , economic , and political activities .
" If Net search becomes as important as the Google stock price seems to imply , for example , it might be the focal point for such concerns ...
It is possible to argue that the best outcome might be to have Google defeat AT&T in the battle over net neutrality , but then ( and likely in any case ) society might have to get ready to regulate Google ! "
From the ivory tower to the Grey Lady
As the Genachowski-led FCC started the first official rulemaking on net neutrality in 2009 , opponents of the idea followed up on the puckish suggestions of Odlyzko and others .
By late 2009 , the idea of extending " neutrality " to search was picking up steam in the think tank world .
In October 2009 , the libertarian - leaning Progress & Freedom Foundation made the case that " search neutrality " ( the term was new enough it still required quote marks ) was logically as important as " network neutrality " and that it was not just a " sour grapes " proposal from ISPs .
The idea was to show just how far the government would inevitably go if net neutrality became an official rule .
" The basic premise of neutrality regulation is already being proposed for other layers of the Internet — and not just by AT&T in retaliation .
One need not agree with all of AT&T ’s accusations to recognize that , whatever the FCC might say today , any large online intermediary with a popular platform potentially faces the threat of ' network neutrality ' mandates — because every platform is essentially a ' network , ' too .
We ’re not just talking about ' search neutrality ' ( Google as well as Microsoft ) but also about ' device neutrality ' ( mobile handsets ) , ' app neutrality ' ( Apple ’s iTunes store , Facebook ’s developers and Google ’s Android mobile OS ) and so on for social networking , email , instant messaging , online advertising , etc . "
While PFF is funded mainly by ISPs ( AT&T , Comcast , Cox , Verizon , etc. ) and big rightsholders ( NBC , EMI , CBS , etc. ) , it also gets money from Google and Microsoft — which do n't like this way of thinking at all .
But it soon showed up in the Wall Street Journal , too .
That same month , Bret " Exaflood / Exacloud " Swanson , who had formerly worked at PFF , was given the op - ed page to spread some doubt about net neutrality 's limits .
" If net neutrality applies neutrally to all players in the Web ecosystem , then it would regulate every component and entrepreneur in a vast and unknowable future , " he wrote .
" If neutrality applies selectively ( oxymoron alert ) to only one sliver of the network , then it is merely a political tool of one set of companies to cripple its competitors . "
Then came the horror stories .
In the late summer and autumn of 2009 , UK entrepreneur Adam Raff launched the site searchneutrality.org to describe his own shabby treatment at the hands of Google .
Raff 's vertical search engine , Foundem , had been " penalized " by Google 's search engine .
From 2006 through most of 2009 , his site was " effectively disappeared from the Internet , " and Google soon put him in an AdWords penalty box , too .
Yahoo and Bing applied no such penalties .
Raff argued that Google was targeting him as a competitor .
After years of appeals , Google finally agreed to manually whitelist Foundem .
Two days after Christmas , Raff took the pages of The New York Times to describe his situation but mostly to call for expanded net neutrality rules .
If the proposed new principles of " nondiscrimination " and " transparency " were good enough for ISPs , they 'd better apply to dominant Internet companies like Google , too .
" Without search neutrality rules to constrain Google ’s competitive advantage , we may be heading toward a bleakly uniform world of Google Everything — Google Travel , Google Finance , Google Insurance , Google Real Estate , Google Telecoms and , of course , Google Books , " wrote Raff .
Such sites are incorporated into Google 's search results ; type in part of an address and a Google Maps box appears above all search results .
Similar things happen with other services ; type in a song title , and Google 's special music box appears at the top of the results , allowing users to listen on Lala , iLike , or Pandora .
Raff believes this gives Google an unfair advantage ; it can enter any market and instantly see massive traffic if it wants to do so , simply by integrating its other products with search .
" Google was quick to recognize the threat to openness and innovation posed by the market power of Internet service providers , and has long been a leading proponent of net neutrality .
But it now faces a difficult choice .
Will it embrace search neutrality as the logical extension to net neutrality that truly protects equal access to the Internet ?
Or will it try to argue that discriminatory market power is somehow dangerous in the hands of a cable or telecommunications company but harmless in the hands of an overwhelmingly dominant search engine ? "
On to the FCC !
At the FCC , ISPs and other opponents of net neutrality stepped up their discussion of " search neutrality . "
Google was perceived as the biggest corporate backer of the neutrality idea , and the ISPs wanted to make sure that Google felt a little pain if the FCC went ahead with the rules .
Perhaps such a move would convince Google to moderate its stance .
So , in early 2010 , we saw comments like this one from Time Warner Cable .
" Several application behemoths are among the staunchest supporters of net neutrality regulation , but ironically , much of their conduct appears inconsistent with the principles of openness that they espouse .
Most notably , Google has led the charge to adopt regulation to ensure Internet openness , yet it has the ability and incentive to engage in a range of decidedly non-neutral conduct due to its control over so many aspects of the Internet experience .
Google ’s core search application relies on a pay - for - priority scheme that is squarely at odds with its proposed neutrality requirements for broadband Internet access service providers . "
Comcast got in on the fun , too , telling the FCC , " If the Commission were to conclude that an interventionist regulatory regime is needed to preserve the ‘ neutrality ’ of the Internet , it could not defensibly apply that regime to broadband providers but not to Google ( or any other provider of Internet - based services ) . "
AT&T went so far as to tell the FCC that nothing it could possible do would be as worrisome as what Google was up to .
" And more than any physical network provider , search engines pose concerns that the [ rulemaking ] identifies as a potential basis for government intervention :
They ' determine the information . . . that customers access online ' through algorithms that highlight some information , favor certain websites , and even omit some sites altogether .
As a result , they can ' deter [ ] market entry in areas that would benefit consumers and damage [ e ] potential entrants . '
Just as search engines dominate the selection of winners and losers on the Internet , one search engine in particular — Google ’s — dominates the search engine market . "
And the Competitive Enterprise Institute told the FCC that " one could just as credibly — that is , perversely — make a case for ' Search Neutrality ' ( All search results shall appear first ! ) . "
( No , we do n't have any idea what that last jab means , either . )
What does it mean ?
The whole idea of search neutrality remains murky ( though net neutrality 's opponents often level the same charge at that idea ) .
Search algorithms , by definition , are n't " neutral " — it 's not even clear what " neutral " would mean in such a situation .
The algorithms are designed to assign value and then discriminate based on that value to produce a list of relevant results .
Being discriminatory is the entire point of the exercise .
Search neutrality proponents , though , want to see more transparency about how such algorithms work .
And , even if the algorithms are necessarily subjective descriptors of relevance and value , they can at least be applied in a straightforward way ( i.e , by not penalizing sites like Foundem and making it unclear how to escape the penalty box ) .
Others who use the term are concerned about the power of search engines like Google to promote Google 's other services ( essentially an antitrust , not a " search , " concern ; Google has had plenty of these lately ) .
Finally , some ISPs apparently object to the whole practice of Google awarding ads to the highest bidder when they are n't allowed to squeeze companies like Google for extra cash for extra speed .
What did Odlyzko 's paper conclude about handling this issue ?
" For telecommunications , given current trends in demand and in rate and sources of innovation , it appears to be better for society not to tilt towards the operators , and instead to stimulate innovation on the network by others by enforcing net neutrality .
But this would likely open the way for other players , such as Google , that emerge from that open and competitive arena as big winners , to become choke points .
So it would be wise to prepare to monitor what happens , and be ready to intervene by imposing neutrality rules on them when necessary . "
In other words , apply net neutrality now — but keep search neutrality close at hand .
For those who care about stable updates
From : Martin Schulze < joey - AT-infodrom.org >
To : Debian Development Announcements < debian - devel -announce-AT-lists.debian.org >
Subject :
For those who care about stable updates Date : Thu , 9 Mar 2006 11:32:07 +0100 Archive - link : Article , Thread
I 'm sorry to announce this but you 'll have to find a new person who works on updating Debian stable and who is willing to cope with black holes and ftpmasters .
I 'm sick of being left in the void .
I 'm sick of ftpmasters not answering mails from the stable release manager to negotiate a timeline .
I 'm sick of ftpmasters suddenly creating arbitrary preconditions for stable updates .
I 'm sick of having to ask again and again and being constantly blocked by them .
I 'm sick of this entire situation .
It makes me ill , angry and utterly frustrated .
It causes me being frustrated of Debian and unable to work on other issues , needing a rest more often that planned .
I should do better with my limited life .
Hence , I give up .
Congratulations .
I have worked on updates to the stable Debian distribution since 2001 after I noticed that nobody is trying to integrate security updates into the once released distribution so that the archive does not contain tons of known security updates .
I 've tried to get stable updates done on a regular basis but miserably failed .
It 's is now five years since I started working on such updates and often they 've been a pain for me once they were ready , and also a source of utter grief and frustration .
Every once in a while the problems escalated and were discussed on mailing lists .
After that , an update was possible .
However , I was exhausted and frustrated .
That 's not a healthy situation to continue working on .
Since James
Troup as ftpmaster rejected my recent request to become an ftpmaster in order to be able to implement the changes on my own , and since ftpmasters do n't allow new people to become ftpmasters , and since the changes Anthony Towns is proposing and implementing wo n't change the requirement for an ftpmaster for stable updates , it is very clear to me that the situation is not going to improve in the future .
Hence , I 'm giving up .
Of course , I 'd support a new stable release manager in the beginning .
The tools I 've used are public anyway and so are the data .
Both could be used as a basis .
Regards , Joey -- MIME - broken solution for a broken design .
-- Ralf Baechle
