Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement New York City officials have agreed to pay up to $ 657.5 m ( £ 437 m ) to thousands of rescue and clean - up workers after 9/11 .
The settlement would compensate more than 10,000 plaintiffs who say they were made sick by dust at the Ground Zero site of the attacks .
At least 95 % of the plaintiffs must approve the deal for it to take effect .
The money would come from a federally financed insurance fund of almost $ 1bn that the city controls .
The toxic cloud from the collapsed World Trade Center towers contained particles of asbestos , lead , glass and cement .
A claims adjudicator , chosen by the lawyers involved in the case , would decide on the validity of each plaintiff 's claim and how much compensation they were entitled to .
Respiratory illnesses
The agreement follows a long battle in the courts , but must still be approved by a judge and agreed to by the claimants .
We are gratified that these heroic men and women will finally receive just compensation for their suffering
Marc Bern
Claimants ' lawyer
In pictures : New 9/11 photos New York dust victims split on 9/11 deal
The announcement was made on Thursday evening by the World Trade Center Captive Insurance Company , which was set up to handle the claims of those injured in the rescue effort .
In a statement , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg called the settlement " a fair and reasonable resolution to a complex set of circumstances " .
Some workers are expected to receive payments of only a few thousand dollars , while others could be in line to get more than $ 1 m , depending on their injuries .
' Fund depleted '
The BBC's Adam Brookes , in Washington , says the agreement means that the long - running legal battle spawned by the 9/11 attacks may now be drawing to a close .
The twin towers ' fall covered Lower Manhattan in dust and debris
After the twin towers fell on 11 September 2001 , rescuers spent weeks amid the smouldering wreckage and choking dust in Lower Manhattan , but few were adequately insured for such work .
The government set up a special insurance company to handle claims if any of them ended up injured or sick .
The claims came flooding in , many for cancer and respiratory illness caused by dust .
By early 2008 , according to government documents , nearly 10,000 law suits had been filed against the insurance company .
But only six claims were paid out .
Lawyers for the city had claimed it did its best to provide respiratory equipment for workers , and challenged some claims as being based on flimsy medical evidence .
Marc
Bern , a senior partner with the law firm which negotiated the deal , said : " We are gratified that these heroic men and women who performed their duties without consideration of the health implications will finally receive just compensation for their pain and suffering . "
It is thought that the long courts battle has depleted the $ 1bn fund created by Congress to help insure the city , with the legal bill so far running to more than $ 200 m .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MOSCOW — When the Soviet Union introduced its Alfa class submarine — at the time , the world ’s fastest — the subs were the bane of American sailors .
Now , the reactors that powered those submarines are being marketed as the next innovation in green power .
Environmentalists say the technology is outdated and potentially dangerous , and marketing it as green energy is an abuse of nuclear power ’s good green name .
The Russians are not alone in pushing the idea that the next generation of nuclear reactors should have more in common with the small power plants on submarines than the sprawling installations of today .
The kinds of marine reactors the Russians are promoting , though , also happen to create a byproduct — used fuel — that no one knows how to handle .
Right now , that spent fuel is being stored at naval yards in the Russian Arctic .
The Democratic Party has released a one - minute ad accusing a Republican candidate for Congress and former Karl Rove aide of being “ the architect of a voter suppression scheme . ”
Tim Griffin , who worked as an aide for Karl Rove during the Bush administration before becoming a US Attorney , is running for Congress in Arkansas ’ 2nd district .
An ad released by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee says Griffin was behind a “ voter caging ” effort , despite Griffin ’s claims to the contrary .
ADVERTISEMENT
The video shows an email , obtained by investigative journalist Greg Palast in 2007 , showing Griffin receiving and replying to issues involving voter caging .
According to the DCCC , Griffin responded “ Thank you , perfect ” to one of the emails .
The video begins with audio of Griffin denying knowledge of voter caging schemes .
“ Obviously I ’ve seen the Internet stuff about caging . …
The allegations that are on the Internet … are completely and absolutely false . ”
“ Tim ‘ Dirty Tricks ’ Griffin says the allegations are ‘ absolutely false ’ ?
Too bad he put it in writing , ” the Democratic ad states .
Voter caging involves efforts to challenge voters ’ legal status in order to prevent them from voting .
A voter caging effort would typically involve identifying registered voters who are likely to vote against the candidate you support , then challenging them on the registration information they provide , such as current address .
The allegations against Griffin first surfaced in 2007 .
Griffin had spent several years as an adviser to Karl Rove in the Bush White House , before taking a position as an “ interim ” US Attorney for the Eastern District for Arkansas .
In Congressional hearings held in 2007 , it was alleged that Rove had pressured the Justice Department into appointing his former aide to the job .
Griffin resigned from the US Attorney ’s office shortly after the hearings .
ADVERTISEMENT
Griffin never had to face confirmation hearings in Congress , because a change to the law , made in the PATRIOT Act , allowed the president to keep an “ interim ” attorney on staff indefinitely , without confirmation .
During the 2000 election , Griffin was a legal advisor to the Bush - Cheney Florida Recount Team .
With House Rep. Vic Snyder ’s ( D - AK ) announcement he wo n’t run for re-election , the 2nd congressional district in Arkansas is up for grabs .
A poll conducted for FireDogLake last month , shortly before Snyder ’s announcement , found Griffin with a solid lead , 56 percent to 39 percent , over the Democratic incumbent .
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video was uploaded to YouTube by the DCCC on Jan. 31 , 2010 .
Okla .
Strikes Down Law That Would Have ' Undressed ' Women Lawsuit challenged law that would have posted women 's personal info on Web site .
Feb. 19 , 2010  --
The Oklahoma County District Court today ruled that a law passed by the legislature in 2009 that imposed restrictions on abortion is unconstitutional , according to the Center for Reproductive Rights , which had challenged the law .
The court ruled that bill 1595 addressed too many topics , and therefore violated the Oklahoma constitution 's " single - subject " rule .
One of the most contentious parts of the law was the creation of a Web site whereby any woman who had had an abortion would have been required to provide personal details pertaining to her choice , including her relationships , financial situation and motivation for seeking an abortion .
The center filed a challenge against the law in September on behalf of former state representative Wanda Stapleton and Shawnee , Okla . , resident Lora Joyce Davis .
" A friend said it best :
It 's like undressing women in public , exposing their most personal issues on the Internet , " said Lora Joyce Davis , one of the co-plaintiffs .
In addition to mandating the new Web site for abortion - related demographics , the legislation also redefined various abortion terms , banned sex- selective abortion and created other new reporting requirements .
The law went into effect in November 2009 and the Web site would have launched in March .
" We are very pleased with today 's ruling , " said Jennifer Mondino , staff attorney at the Center for Reproductive Rights .
" The government has no business running a grand inquisition into the private lives of Oklahoma women and wasting a quarter of a million dollars of taxpayers ' money in the process . "
Called the Statistical Reporting of Abortions
Act , the law would have required all doctors to file information on a woman's age , marital status , education level , number of previous pregnancies , cost and type of abortion , as well as the mother 's relationship to the father , with the Oklahoma Department of Health .
Though it did not ask for names , the form posed 37 questions detailing a woman 's personal situation .
Critics said the first eight questions alone could easily lead to the identification of a woman who lived in one of the state 's many small communities .
Doctors who failed to provide information would face criminal sanctions and loss of their medical licenses .
Last year , the organization used the same argument to successfully strike down a 2008 law that would have required women seeking abortions to have an ultrasound within an hour of the proceedings and require doctors to describe the picture to their patients in great detail -- down to the number of fingers and toes .
Abortion Law ' Protects Sanctity of Life '
The new law was sponsored by two anti-abortion rights Republicans , Sen. Todd Lamb , of Edmond , and Rep. Dan Sullivan , of Tulsa .
" This legislation is essential in protecting the sanctity of life , " said Lamb when the bill was enacted last April .
" Too often the life of the unborn is taken for granted , and I applaud my colleagues for their bipartisan support of a pro-life measure , despite attempts on the floor to sabotage this issue important to families across our state . "
But Davis , and co-plaintiff Wanda Jo Stapleton , a former Democratic state representative from Oklahoma City , argued that the law was not only ineffective but was also " an unlawful expenditure of public funds . "
The Web site , they say , would have cost taxpayers $ 281,285 the first year and $ 256,285 every subsequent year .
Davis said money spent on women in " personal crisis " could be better spent addressing Oklahoma 's high teen pregnancy rate -- which is the sixth highest in the nation , according to a 2009 report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Oklahoma allows abortions to be performed up to 22 weeks .
Only three doctors in the state are known to perform abortions .
In 2007 , more than 6,300 abortions were performed in Oklahoma , down slightly from the previous year and reflecting a nationwide trend according to Planned Parenthood , an organization that supports abortion rights .
" Our reproductive rights are challenged yearly in the Oklahoma legislature , and our state seems to have become a testing ground for oppressive restrictions on abortion access , " said Keri Parks , director of external affairs for Planned Parenthood of Central Oklahoma
The number of abortion restrictions is increasing nationwide , according to Planned Parenthood .
During the 2009 state legislative session , 23 bills were introduced in Texas and 18 were introduced in Mississippi .
But supporters said the law was not about restricting access to abortion but helping the state gather important information .
" I do n't think [ the bill ] has anything to do with restrictions or roadblocks , " said David Dunn , director of research for the Oklahoma Family Policy Council , which opposes abortion .
" The government knows what the situation is and is n't operating in the dark , " said Dunn , who dismissed complaints that the new Web site might reveal confidential information .
" We might have a situation in some small town , but I do n't know why it 's a big deal if abortion is legal and there is nothing wrong , why would people be ashamed to have an abortion ? " he asked .
Recording statistical data on abortions is nothing new .
Currently 46 out of 50 states and the District of Columbia have mandatory or voluntary reporting , according to the Guttmacher Institute , which promotes sexual and reproductive health worldwide .
Since 1969 , when abortion was legal in only a handful of states , the CDC had gathered and released aggregate data provided by state health departments to track maternal morbidity and mortality .
" Generally , the requirements have been benign , " said Elizabeth Nash , a Guttmacher public policy associate .
" The forms go to the health department and they put them under lock and key and send the data to the CDC . "
But over time , as the abortion debate has heated up , states have added " twists and turns " to those requirements , asking for details on minors and fathers of the fetus , according to Nash .
" They are becoming more and more intrusive , " she told ABCNews.com .
As for women seeking abortion , a 2009 Guttmacher report says that the abortion rate is roughly equal in countries where it is legal and those where it is highly restricted .
" Honestly , " said Nash .
" It seems to be that women surmount all sorts of barriers to abortion waiting periods .
They travel long distances to get child care because they know what they need to do .
Women still get abortions and I think this is just adding to their burden . "
MOSCOW , Russia - Is Vladimir Putin , Russia 's all - powerful prime minister , in trouble ?
Anti-government protests , a rare thing indeed , have begun to draw thousands of people across the country .
And on Sunday , United Russia , the party created with the sole purpose of promoting Putin 's agenda , fared far worse than it hoped in regional elections , losing a key mayoral seat and its majority in half of the regions where votes were held .
" Society is tired of United Russia , tired of its dominance , and tired of the dictatorship of bureaucracy , " said Alexander Kynev , a political analyst .
The public mood has perceptively shifted .
Near daily scandals , many involving corrupt police and officials , have only heightened the anger of a people languishing under an economic crisis that shows few signs of easing .
Official unemployment stands at 10 percent ( independent observers think it is much higher ) and a New Year 's rise in utility payments , as part of a slow post - Soviet desubsidization , have hit Russia 's poor particularly hard .
After a smattering of anti-government protests around the country that drew , on average , about 2,000 people each , voters in some of Russia 's most provincial backwaters went to the polls on Sunday to vote for mayors and representatives to local and regional legislatures , or Dumas .
Despite widespread electoral violations - independent elections monitor Golos noted cases where United Russia officials handed out vodka and money , held voting in malls where free gifts were offered , and forced university students to vote - United Russia still failed to sweep the vote with the average 60 percent rate that it has long been used to .
That 's the result it got in regional elections held as recently as October .
This time around , the ruling party only managed to take a majority in four of eight regional legislatures , slipping below 50 percent in Far Eastern Khabarovsk , Altai and Kurgan in Siberia and Sverdlovsk in the Urals , according to preliminary results .
Because of vote - rigging , the party 's true showing was much lower , critics say .
" They can't falsify 50 percent of the votes , " said Boris Nemtsov , a former deputy prime minister and one of the leaders of Solidarity , an umbrella opposition group .
He estimated that from 10 to 15 percent of votes are forged .
" There have n't been elections in this country - in the normal , human way of understanding them - for many years .
No debates or competition , with falsifications and mechanisms of fake voting , " he said .
" It 's a farce .
It 's idiotic . "
Sergei Mitrokhin , head of Yabloko , the only liberal party registered in Russia , agreed .
Yabloko was barred , as it has been in the past , from participating in most regional votes it had applied for .
Yet where it did take part , in the city of Tula outside Moscow , it managed to take more than 11 percent of the vote , winning representation .
" This was thanks to protest votes against United Russia , " Mitrokhin said .
" Everyone is sick of them . "
The ruling party itself does n't seem to think so , saying it received more support than ever and holding rallies around the country on Monday to celebrate its victories .
" People made their choice and showed again that they support the president , Dmitry Anatolievich Medvedev and the prime minister , Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin , " Vyacheslav Volodin , the party 's secretary general , said at a meeting at party headquarters on Sunday night , after results started coming in .
" Our support has risen 1.5 , sometimes even two times higher , " beamed Boris Gryzlov , another party leader and speaker of the State Duma .
United Russia 's greatest loss came in Irkutsk , the picturesque city near Lake Baikal that is one of Siberia 's biggest .
The city has seen several anti-Putin protests in recent weeks , thanks in part to government plans to re-open a paper mill suspected of spewing waste into Baikal .
On Sunday , it elected a mayor who ran on the Communist Party ticket .
Viktor Kondrashov took over 62 percent of the vote , while United Russia 's candidate took 27 percent .
" We thought we could win , " Gryzlov acknowledged .
" [ Kondrashov ] is a businessman .
He 's not a poor man and could probably put appropriate financing into his campaign .
Our candidate was from a regular milieu . "
That milieu is , apparently , very popular with prisoners .
The respected Vedomosti business daily reported on Monday that the United Russia candidate won a majority of votes in just one Irkutsk district - the site of the local jail .
Gryzlov also acknowledged the vote was marred by violations , but put the blame on " dirty techniques " used by opposition parties .
What happens now ?
That 's something few opposition politicians can answer .
Putin remains popular .
His latest approval rating , by the state - linked VTsIOM pollster , stands at 73 percent .
But calculated using an index that compares his approval to past ratings , that number falls to 49 percent , notes VTsIOM 's Olga Kamenchuk .
The Levada Center , an independent pollster , puts his approval at 48 percent , according to their last poll , taken in January .
No party or politician has emerged to challenge Putin 's strength .
Even President Dmitry Medvedev , who during a state of the union speech in November promised to liberalize voting in regional elections , continues to fall below Putin in opinion polls .
Yet Nemtsov and Mitrokhin have promised to keep up the pressure through demonstrations .
A day of protest will be held across Russia on March 20 , from Moscow to the Far Eastern port of Vladivostok .
" We have learned that mass protest actions are possible if there 's a united opposition , " Nemtsov said .
The biggest rally so far came last month in Kaliningrad , a small Western exclave that has the misfortune of being located just north of Germany , where downtrodden Russians have a clear view onto the heightened living standards of their European neighbors .
Some 10,000 people turned out to protest the policies of Putin and the local governor .
" In our country , there will be another Kaliningrad , " Nemtsov said .
United Russia has been visibly shaken by the increasing discontent .
It has launched a loud campaign to lower utilities prices , and scrambled into action to prevent another protest in Kaliningrad .
" They do n't understand how to behave or what to do , " said Kynev , the political analyst .
" They 're in hysterics , and lying like madmen . "
" They 're trying to say all is well , but it 's clearly not .
Numbers are numbers . "
President Obama 's bipartisan health care summit follows months of heated debate in which substance has often been drowned out by partisan rancor .
CNN.com has full coverage of the talks .
( CNN ) -- 5:21 p.m. : Summit adjourns
Click to read in chronological order
5:20 p.m. : " Politically speaking , there may not be any reason for Republicans to want to do anything , " Obama says .
" But , I thought it was worthwhile for us to make this effort . "
Obama says there probably wo n't be another summit due to the time it requires , but says " we can not have another year - long debate about this . "
" The question that I 'm going to ask myself and I ask of all of you is , ' Is there enough serious effort that in a months time or a few weeks time or six weeks time , we could actually decide something ? '
And if we can't , I think we 've got to go ahead and make some decisions and then that 's what elections are for . "
5:18 p.m. : Obama says he put some things on the table that he does n't necessarily support , but is willing to work on .
" I 'd like the Republicans to do a little soul - searching and find out are there some things that you'd be willing to embrace that get to this core problem of 30 million people without health insurance and dealing seriously with the pre-existing condition issue . "
5:09 p.m. : Obama says the most contentious issue is not only how to provide coverage for those who do n't have it , but also how to provide coverage for people who have pre-existing condition and are being priced out of the market .
On that issue , Obama says , " I 'm not sure if we can bridge the gap . "
5:01 p.m. : Obama begins his closing remarks and says both sides agree there is a need for insurance market reforms , although there are some disagreements over the specifics .
Obama also says both sides also agree on some of the goals of a health care exchange .
On purchasing coverage across state lines , which some Republicans support , Obama says the basic idea is embodied in the House and Senate bills .
A majority of the members pulled out paper and in preparation to take notes when Obama said he would list what they agree and disagree on .
It was an interesting moment because it happened all at once , like in a classroom .
Their staffers did the same .
4:58 p.m. : House Speaker Nancy Pelosi praises Republican Sen. Tom Coburn for his suggestions .
Pelosi refutes Boehner 's claim that the health care legislation calls for public funding of abortion .
She also denies Rep. Dave Camp 's claim that Medicare cuts would cut benefits for seniors .
" Certain things are facts about our bills that I cannot let the opposite view stand when they are stated , " she says .
4:36 p.m. : Six and a half hours into the debate , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is at the same place he was when the debate started , recommending that lawmakers " start over with a blank piece of paper and go step by step to see what we can agree on . "
4:28 p.m. : Rep. Joe Barton , R - Texas , says Republicans are n't " talking about incrementalism . "
" We 're talking about ... let 's start over in the sense that we change the vision and work together to do the things that we agree upon , but do it in a way that does n't destroy the fundamental market system that 's made the American health care system the best in the world .
If we do that , we can make a deal . "
4:22 p.m. : Sen. Chris Dodd , D- Connecticut , says it 's ironic that while everyone is entitled to a lawyer regardless of the charge , not everyone is entitled to a doctor .
Dodd says health care reform defies an " incremental approach . "
" You ca n't get from one point to the next incrementally unless you deal with it holistically , " he says .
Dodd had been trying to speak for a while .
He waved at Obama a couple of times , and Sen .
Tom Harkin pointed toward him , trying to get Obama to call on him .
4:12 p.m. : Obama says the question he would ask his Republican colleagues would be , " Are there areas of coverage for people who do n't have health care that you would embrace and agree with beyond what has been presented in Republican leader Boehner 's bill ? "
4:10 p.m. : Rep. Henry Waxman , D - California , tells Obama , " You 're not going to be able to do this piecemeal .
" I have doubts about whether the Republicans are going to help you because I have n't heard a lot of willingness to come and work with you now , nor did I hear it a year ago , " he says .
Obama replies , " I 'm going to be equal opportunity here and say we 're not making campaign speeches right now . "
3:48 p.m. : Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois says he agrees with Boehner that the U.S. has the best health care in the world , but he says lawmakers need to put things in perspective .
" As was said many years ago , the law in its majestic equality forbids both the wealthy and the poor from sleeping under bridges .
When it comes to the wealthy in health care , per capita , we 're the wealthiest people in America .
" The federal employees ' health benefit program , administered by the federal government , setting minimum standards for the health insurance that we enjoy as individuals and want for our families is all we are asking for in this bill for families across America , " he says .
" If you think it 's a socialist plot and it's wrong , for goodness sake , drop out of the federal employees health benefit program . "
3:43 p.m. :
The summit is still behind schedule .
Obama says it 's time to move on to the final topic : expanding coverage .
3:30 p.m. : Obama responds to Boehner : " Every so often we have a pretty good conversation trying to get on some specifics and then we go back to the standard talking points that Democrats and Republicans have had for the last year , and that does n't drive us to an agreement on issues . "
3:26 p.m. : House Minority Leader John Boehner says the current health care legislation will " bankrupt our country . "
" We may have problems in our health care system , but we do have the best health care system in the world , by far .
And having a government takeover of health care , and I truly believe that 's what this is , is a dangerous experiment with the best health care system in the world that I do n't think we should do , " he says .
3:05 p.m. : Obama clarifies that cuts would apply to Medicare Advantage , an enhanced Medicare benefits program .
2:53 p.m. : Rep. Paul Ryan , R - Wisconsin , says the Senate bill is full of " gimmicks and smoke and mirrors " hiding its true cost .
Ryan says the bill has 10 years of tax increases with 10 years of Medicare cuts to pay for six years of spending .
He also charges that the bill takes $ 52 billion in higher Social Security tax revenues and counts them as offsets .
" Either we are double - counting them , or we do n't intend on paying those Social Security benefits . "
Ryan says the bill treats Medicare " like a piggybank . "
2:44 p.m. : Vice President Joe Biden says the philosophical debate over whether health care should be mandated is similar to debate in the 1930s regarding Social Security .
He also says after being in Washington for 37 years , he 's " reluctant ... to tell people what the American people think . "
" I think it requires a little bit of humility to be able to know what the American people think , and I do n't .
I can't swear I do .
I know what I think .
I think I know what they think , but I 'm not sure what they think , " he says .
2:38 p.m. : Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R - Tennessee , advocates for competition by allowing people to purchase insurance across state lines .
Obama says he supports the idea and he sees potential for resolving the philosophical differences .
" Once there was a national exchange with some minimum standards , then , potentially , you could just have a national marketplace , and anybody could be able to sell into the exchange , " he says .
2:26 p.m. : Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia says " the health insurance industry is the shark that swims just below the water , and you do n't see that shark until you feel the teeth of that shark . "
Rockefeller says the health industry can do what it wants because there is n't any real competition .
2:01 p.m. :
The summit reconvenes , continuing with the discussion on insurance reform .
After that , lawmakers will address the deficit .
Obama acknowledges they are behind schedule .
He says he hopes to wrap up by 4:15 p.m .
1:52 p.m. : Republican House Whip Eric Cantor tweeted during the break :
We have a very difficult gap to bridge here .
We just can't afford this .
That 's the ultimate problem .
1:50 p.m. : Lawmakers are starting to file back into the room .
During the break , Obama says he thinks the morning discussion was " interesting . "
" I mean , I do n't know if it 's interesting watching it on TV , but it 's interesting being part of it , " he says .
" I think we 're establishing that there are actually some areas of real agreement and we 're starting to focus on what the real disagreements are .
... The argument that Republicans are making really is n't that this is a government takeover of health care , but rather that we 're insuring the -- or we 're regulating the insurance market too much . "
1:01 p.m.-1:08 p.m. :
While lawmakers broke for lunch , CNN 's political team talked about the first half of the summit .
CNN Senior Political Correspondent Candy Crowley : " [ Obama ] has seemed at times irritated , but he 's given everybody , each side , a chance and everybody 's getting their points across .
If you want to know why the two sides are unable to come to an agreement , you will learn that today .
If you 're watching this waiting for them to say , ' Oh , good , let 's put that in ! ' you 're not going to get that .
" If the president had had this discussion nine months ago , it would have been more effective than having it now , particularly since if they come out of here and say , ' We can't come to an agreement , ' they are going to have to pass it no matter what . "
CNN Senior Political Analyst Gloria Borger : " The Democrats believe that it 's very good for you to hear the president saying , ' We agree on this , this , this , and this with Republicans , ' because then -- when the Democrats go back to Congress and decide to push their bill through , through the budget process with a majority vote , if they can get it in both houses , they can say , ' We tried to incorporate , we incorporated the things we agreed on and they still did n't vote for it , ' then they pass it and then they move on to jobs . "
CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen : " I know the Democrats went into this thinking , ' We 'll just keep giving the ball to Obama and he 'll run down the field as he did in Baltimore [ when he met with Republican lawmakers at their retreat ] .
That was sort of the game plan going in -- [ Democrats ] wo n't say very much but he clearly should get some reinforcements in order to even this thing up .
This is like halftime , going into the locker room and do you need to change your game plan ?
CNN Chief National Correspondent John King : " [ Obama ] is boxed in a little bit in the sense that the Democrats have decided that to bend the cost curve , to do some of the other access things they want to do , you need the sweeping comprehensive bill .
And so in the room there , he could change the terms of the debate by saying , ' OK I will break it into pieces . '
And there are some at the White House who think that would have been the preferred approach at the beginning -- to build goodwill .
But then they had the big huge glaring flashing light , but you can't deal with the cost .
You can't bend that cost curve unless you deal with those issues .
And they think if they do pre-existing conditions , and they do some accessibility , maybe the tort reform , and then they say now we have to do the hard part on costs , the Republicans will say no way .
So they say it has to stay in one big bill .
So it 's hard to negotiate when you wo n't give up your main strategy , which is it has to be big . "
CNN Senior Political Correspondent Candy Crowley : " I think that one of the things the president has done very effectively -- and let 's remember the larger audience , OK , so beyond the substance , what does the president need ?
What do independents hate ?
They hate it when people bicker , they hate it when they get so political .
So every time a point comes up , how many times has he said , ' We 've got to get beyond the politics of this . '
And that 's a big neon sign -- ' They 're being political , I 'm trying to find something . ' "
12:57 p.m. : Obama calls for a break until 1:45 p.m .
12:55 p.m. : CNN senior political analyst David Gergen says this is " the best conversation we 've had about health care during the entire past year . "
" It 's extremely interesting , it 's revealing of different positions , it shows the deep philosophical divides .
We sometimes cannot get things passed on these big bills because there are these deep philosophical divides , and it 's important for the country to understand that . "
12:53 p.m. : CNN's Joe Johns says the health care summit so far has been " two steps forward , one step back . "
" This is a kind of a different dynamic going that 's on in this room right now .
The Republicans and the Democrats getting away now from sort of their talking points that we hear so much on Capitol Hill , from time to time to actually sort of really talk turkey with the president , and then both sides will drift back into the traditional things that they say to get a sound bite . "
12:43 p.m. : Obama calls out Rep. Eric Cantor , R - Virginia , for bringing " props " to the summit .
Cantor has a sizeable stack of papers and legislation in front of him .
12:30 p.m. : Sen . John McCain slams the special deals inserted in the Senate health care bill , saying those should be removed so that the American people will know " that geography does not dictate what kind of health care they will receive . "
Obama shoots back , " Let me just make this point , John , because we 're not campaigning anymore .
The election is over . "
McCain interjects , " I 'm reminded of that every day . "
12:29 p.m. : From CNN 's Dan Lothian , who is serving as pool reporter : Real time fact checking is going on as aides and lawmakers pass notes , exchange BlackBerrys and whisper as claims are made .
12:21 p.m. : Sen. George Miller , D - California , gets a laugh from his colleagues when he uses himself as an example of being excluded from insurance coverage for pre-existing conditions :
" I sit here with 2 artificial hips , a little bit of arthritis , and I have a kidney stone .
I 'm dead in that insurance market if I have to switch policies or switch companies or want to look for another chance .
" Now , why should that be ?
Those hip replacements have been with me for 15 years and I have no trouble .
But it 's a way of denying me care . "
12:19 p.m. : Rep . Anh Cao , R - Louisiana , tells CNN the differences between the two parties is " vast . "
" I hope that at the end of the day we can come up with a reform package , but the gap between the two parties are just too vast for us to bridge . "
Cao says he can't vote for the proposal the president is pushing because it contains federal funds for abortion : " I strongly believe that the health care vote in the House will depend on the abortion language .
At this point , there are about 12 pro-life members who will not vote for the bill because of the present abortion language that is being proposed .
Unless that language is changed , we cannot support the bill . "
12:18 p.m. : Obama again reminds lawmakers to stick to the time limits .
" I do n't know if any of us were told of what the time limits are , " Sen .
Max Baucus says .
Obama says he 's trying to be flexible , but with a half - hour left on the current section , he says everyone needs to keep their points brief .
12:15 p.m : CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta : " For the most part , it 's been pretty civil , but it 's also been unyielding .
It 's sort of the core issue which has been raised a couple of times now about who do you trust ?
That 's what Sen.
Kyl brought up and President Obama addressed :
Do you trust government or the private sector more ?
Do you trust the state government or the feds more ?
Do you trust your doctor more or do you trust government to be able to help manage your health care ? "
12:11 p.m. : Obama lists details that he believes both Republicans and Democrats agree on .
Some examples include extending dependent coverage up to a certain age as well as ensuring no annual or lifetime limits .
He also contends that both the left and right agree philosophically about ending the prohibition on pre-existing conditions , though there are many different ideas on how to make that work .
12:08 p.m. : Sen. Jon Kyl sums up the " fundamental difference " being debated .
" Does Washington know best about the coverage people should have , or should people have that choice themselves ? "
Obama says phrasing a question with " does Washington know better " is tipping the scales a bit " since we all know that everybody is angry at Washington right now . "
Obama says the underlying question is , " Do we want to make sure that people have a baseline of protection ? "
11:54 a.m. : Sen . Jon Kyl , R - Arizona , says Republicans would rather start tackling health care reform a piece at a time instead of " by having to raise a lot of money in order to pay the high cost of this bill . "
11:45 a.m. : President Obama focuses in on the proposed health care exchanges and the criticism that the House and Senate bills would lead to a government takeover of health care .
Health insurance exchanges would be created to make it easier for small businesses , the self - employed and unemployed to pool resources and purchase less expensive coverage .
" The principle of pooling is at the center of both the House and Senate bill , " he says .
" The reason I am pointing this out is that there was a lot of talk about government takeover of health care and the implication , I think , was that everyone was going to have to sign up for a government health care plan .
That 's not the issue .
What the issue here , which we 've had an honest disagreement about , is how much should government set a baseline vs. just letting people decide that , ' I can't really get decent insurance .
Maybe this is better than nothing . '
And that 's a legitimate argument . "
11:40 a.m. : Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell says that up until this point , Republicans have used 24 minutes while Democrats have used 52 minutes .
" Let 's try to have as much balance as we can , " he says .
Obama replies , " I 'm just going back and forth here , Mitch . "
11:31 a.m. : " The main point is , we basically agree .
There 's a not a lot of difference here , " Sen .
Max Baucus , D - Montana , says .
" There 's opportunity for us to work out some of these differences . "
11:27 a.m. : From CNN contributor John Avlon : Maybe I 'm not cynical enough , but these talks so far seem civil and substantive -- a real education for the American people .
And it 's a reminder that people can achieve more when they sit across the same table and talk rather than when they fire off press releases demonizing the opposition .
It 's striking to me -- and hopefully to the people in the room -- how much they agree .
There is a lot of common ground on specifics -- it 's a combination of philosophy and partisan politics that 's keeping them apart .
One thing is clear -- the American people would be well - served by having more of these bipartisan policy summits .
11:26 a.m. : CNN Senior Political Analyst Gloria Borger :
It 's sort of same old - same old from the Democratic side .
The Republicans kind of shook things up a bit by putting Lamar Alexander out there .
I think he 's a folksy , different voice that people hear .
I think President Obama is really carrying the load here for the Democratic Party right now -- not the Democratic leaders .
They are so partisan .
Obama is much more reasonable when dealing with the Republicans .
11:24 a.m. : From CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen : President Obama came as expected -- masterfully and very good at this .
The Republican response has been that they have met him at his level and took him on .
I think it 's a pretty even score now -- the other Democrats are sort of fading .
11:14 a.m. : From CNN contributor John Avlon : Sen. Tom Coburn , R - Oklahoma , is sometimes called " Dr. No " -- he 's a small - government conservative and a practicing physician .
At the outset of the summit , President Obama gave him a hug -- these apparent political opposites actually co-sponsored a bill together when Obama was in the Senate , a transparency bill known as " Google for Government . "
Coburn focused his remarks on the costs of medical malpractice reforms and waste , fraud and abuse in Medicaid .
It 's a doctor 's perspective that is worth taking into account .
I 've personally never understood why health care reform is n't framed as a bill who substance was determined by doctors .
People trust their personal physician a lot more than their congressman .
11:06 a.m. : From CNN contributor John Avlon :
Let 's boil down some of the wonk : Republicans have advocated a step - by - step approach to health care reform .
Some of their specifics -- medical malpractice reform and purchasing insurance across state lines -- would make powerful , substantive pickups that the Democrats should adopt .
It may anger liberal constituencies like trial lawyers , but that 's precisely why it would send a substantive centrist message to independent voters .
But the core idea of a market exchange to pool insurance purchases -- through private or co-op mechanisms rather than a new government bureaucracy -- is an idea that should appeal to Republicans .
Reflexive opposition to it indicates that politics is trumping policy .
11:02 a.m. : Obama and Sen. Lamar
Alexander get in a tense exchange over whether the president 's health care plan would increase premiums .
Obama says he'd like to get the issue settled about whether premiums are reduced " before today , because I 'm pretty certain I 'm not wrong . "
11:02 a.m. : From CNN 's Dana Bash : E- mail from a GOP aide as Reid is talking -- " Wow . .
Dems decided the best way to open this summit is to choose the two least popular politicians in their party to speak . "
10:57 a.m. : Several lawmakers jump after a loud bang .
It 's just the pool reporters departing ( and the door slamming ) .
The clock above the fireplace appears broken .
It 's stuck at 4:00 , which happens to be when the summit ends .
10:55 a.m. : From CNN contributor John Avlon : Washington considers this summit nothing more than political theater , but independent voters expect more .
They want to see more than photo - op bipartisanship -- they want to see substance , civility and accountability , a constructive give and take .
President Obama 's opening remarks aimed for both the head and heart .
He was careful to lay out expectations in a way that connected with independents , challenging the assembled congressmen to " not just trade talking points . "
He spoke about his family 's experience with health care .
The challenge is for the president to define the common ground and then encourage the Congressional leaders to build on it .
That does n't mean starting from a blank sheet of paper , as Sen. Lamar Alexander demanded -- but he was right in pointing out that historically major pieces of social legislation have passed with bipartisan margins and were build that way from the beginning .
10:52 a.m. : Obama says all of the speakers so far have gone over their allotted time , including him .
He encourages everyone to " be more disciplined " going ahead .
10:50 a.m. : Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid says " no one is talking about reconciliation . "
" The bill on the floor that my friend Lamar [ Alexander ] is lamenting here has significant input from the Republicans , " he says .
Reid says
Republicans have a right to oppose the current legislation , but they also have a responsibility to " propose ideas for making it better . "
10:45 a.m. : From CNN's Dana Bash : Sen. Lamar Alexander has a relatively low profile on the Hill despite his big title : chairman of the Senate Republican Conference .
This is like the old Lamar Alexander from the presidential campaign trail .
Alexander pursued the Republican presidential nomination in 1996 and 2000 .
10:43 a.m. : House Speaker Nancy Pelosi quotes the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy , saying , " Health care is a right , not a privilege . "
10:38 a.m. : CNN's Dana Bash points out Republicans have started sending out e-mail challenging Obama 's and Pelosi 's remarks : " Like a campaign event or debate , partisan opposition research / fact - checkers are up and running . "
10:32 a.m. : Sen. Lamar Alexander seems to be laying out the Republican ground rules -- start over and stay away from reconciliation .
Reconciliation is a process that bypasses the Senate rule of 60 votes being needed to end debate .
By using it , only a majority vote would be needed to advance a bill .
Republicans have warned of severe political consequences if Democrats go that route .
10:24 a.m. : Sen. Lamar Alexander , R - Tennessee , says Obama 's plan is too much like the Senate plan .
He recommends taking the current bill and " putting it on the shelf and starting from a clean sheet of paper . "
Sen . Christopher Dodd , a key author of the Senate health care bill , told reporters Wednesday that if Republicans continue to demand that Democrats scrap their health care proposals and start over , " then there 's nothing to talk about . "
10:19 a.m. : Obama says he does n't know if all of the gaps can be bridged .
" But I 'd like to make sure that this discussion is actually a discussion , and not just us trading talking points . "
10:17 a.m. : Obama says he has looked at the various health care plans out there .
" There is overlap .
It 's not perfect overlap , it 's not 100 percent overlap , but there 's some overlap . "
Obama says he thinks the health care plan he released Monday is " the best blend of the House and the Senate legislation that 's already passed . "
10:12 a.m. : Obama is delivering opening remarks .
The summit has four themes : cost control , deficit reduction , insurance reform and expanding coverage .
10:04 a.m. : President Obama walks into the Garden Room of the Blair House .
9:50 a.m. : Lawmakers are taking their seats at the Blair House , site of Thursday 's health care summit .
The house , which is the official guest house of the president , has been the scene of historic moments that go far beyond a diplomatic hotel .
Related : Health care summit site already a part of presidential history
9:47 a.m. : CNN's Ed Henry reports :
The administration 's new goal for passing the final health care legislation is by Friday , March 26 , three top Democratic sources tell CNN .
If Congress misses the deadline , lawmakers will have to move back to other issues like job creation and unfinished spending bills .
The new deadline adds more pressure to the White House negotiations because it gives the president only one month after Thursday 's summit to get a final package completed or else he will risk seeing his signature domestic issue go down in flames .
9:36 a.m. : From CNN 's Dan Lothian , who is serving as pool reporter :
At the president 's seat is a small clock .
Each setting has a Blair House notepad , pencil and napkin .
At House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's seat , there is a black notebook and two pens .
9:35 a.m. : A source in the Congressional Republican leadership tells CNN they are not inviting an additional party member to today 's health care summit , rejecting a late offer by the White House to include another Republican and underscoring the animosity which built in the day before the summit .
This , after officials in the Obama administration invited an additional Democrat , Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon and an additional Republican , Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine , CNN Radio's Lisa Desjardins reports .
Republicans are furious , saying the White House insisted there was no more room at the summit for any members or staff .
Wyden is expected to attend .
As CNN's Dana Bash reported , Snowe declined , citing party protocol .
7:30 a.m. : Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas tells CNN the health care summit " is about theater .
This is not about substance , unfortunately . "
Cornyn is not attending the summit .
Cornyn : ' This is about theater '
7:15 a.m. : White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs says " we 're very close to health care reform for the American people . "
Asked he thinks Obama should have presented a plan earlier in the debate , Gibbs tells CNN 's American Morning that this administration has gotten health care reform farther than it 's been in seven decades .
" I 'm not going to second guess the process that 's gotten us this close , " he says .
Complete coverage on the health care debate
CNN 's Kristi Keck , John Helton and David DeSola contributed to this report .
No Rest for the Weary : Children in the Coal Mines
For early twentieth - century Progressive reformers committed to social justice , widespread child labor — especially in coal mines , textile mills , and department stores — was particularly disturbing .
And as with other Progressive crusades , the exposé was a favorite tool .
Probably the most influential and certainly the most widely read of the Progressive - era exposés of child labor was John Spargo ’s The Bitter Cry of the Children ( 1906 ) .
Spargo was a British granite cutter who became a union organizer and socialist and gained his formal education through extension courses at Oxford and Cambridge .
In 1901 , he emigrated to the United States where he became a leader of the conservative wing of the American Socialist Party .
In the following excerpt , Spargo described work at the coal breaker , the area outside the mine where coal was sorted and graded , mostly by young children .
Work in the coal breakers is exceedingly hard and dangerous .
Crouched over the chutes , the boys sit hour after hour , picking out the pieces of slate and other refuse from the coal as it rushes past to the washers .
From the cramped position they have to assume , most of them become more or less deformed and bent - backed like old men .
When a boy has been working for some time and begins to get round - shouldered , his fellows say that “ He ’s got his boy to carry round wherever he goes . ”
The coal is hard , and accidents to the hands , such as cut , broken , or crushed fingers , are common among the boys .
Sometimes there is a worse accident : a terrified shriek is heard , and a boy is mangled and torn in the machinery , or disappears in the chute to be picked out later smothered and dead .
Clouds of dust fill the breakers and are inhaled by the boys , laying the foundations for asthma and miners ' consumption .
I once stood in a breaker for half an hour and tried to do the work a twelve - year - old boy was doing day after day , for ten hours at a stretch , for sixty cents a day .
The gloom of the breaker appalled me .
Outside the sun shone brightly , the air was pellucid [ clear ] , and the birds sang in chorus with the trees and the rivers .
Within the breaker there was blackness , clouds of deadly dust enfolded everything , the harsh , grinding roar of the machinery and the ceaseless rushing of coal through the chutes filled the ears .
I tried to pick out the pieces of slate from the hurrying stream of coal , often missing them ; my hands were bruised and cut in a few minutes ; I was covered from head to foot with coal dust , and for many hours afterwards I was expectorating some of the small particles of anthracite I had swallowed .
I could not do that work and live , but there were boys of ten and twelve years of age doing it for fifty and sixty cents a day .
Some of them had never been inside of a school ; few of them could read a child ’s primer .
True , some of them attended the night schools , but after working ten hours in the breaker the educational results from attending school were practically nil .
“ We goes fer a good time , an‘ we keeps de guys wot ’s dere hoppin ’ all de time , ” said little Owen Jones , whose work I had been trying to do .
. . .
As I stood in that breaker I thought of the reply of the small boy to Robert Owen .
Visiting an English coal mine one day , Owen asked a twelve - year - old lad if he knew God .
The boy stared vacantly at his questioner : “ God ? ” he said , “ God ?
No , I do n’t .
He must work in some other mine . ”
It was hard to realize amid the danger and din and blackness of that Pennsylvania breaker that such a thing as belief in a great All - good God existed .
From the breakers the boys graduate to the mine depths , where they become door tenders , switch boys , or mule drivers .
Here , far below the surface , work is still more dangerous .
At fourteen or fifteen the boys assume the same risks as the men , and are surrounded by the same perils .
Nor is it in Pennsylvania only that these conditions exist .
In the bituminous mines of West Virginia , boys of nine or ten are frequently employed .
I met one little fellow ten years old in Mt. Carbon , W. Va. , last year , who was employed as a “ trap boy . ”
Think of what it means to be a trap boy at ten years of age .
It means tosit alone in a dark mine passage hour after hour , with no human soul near ; to see no living creature except the mules as they pass with their loads , or a rat or two seeking to share one ’s meal ; to stand in water or mud that covers the ankles , chilled to the marrow by the cold draughts that rush in when you open the trap door for the mules to pass through ; to work for fourteen hours — waiting — opening and shutting a door — then waiting again for sixty cents ; to reach the surface when all is wrapped in the mantle of night , and to fall to the earth exhausted and have to be carried away to the nearest “ shack ” to be revived before it is possible to walk to the farther shack called “ home . ”
Boys twelve years of age may be legally employed in the mines of West Virginia , by day or by night , and for as many hours as the employers care to make them toil or their bodies will stand the strain .
Where the disregard of child life is such that this may be done openly and with legal sanction , it is easy to believe what miners have again and again told me — that there are hundreds of little boys of nine and ten years of age employed in the coal mines of this state .
Source : John Spargo , The Bitter Cry of Children ( New York : Macmillan , 1906 ) , 163–165 .
When you think of the laser these days , you 're most likely imagining a giant beam that can scorch a few buildings within seconds .
Putting your evil thoughts aside , why not think smaller yet more powerful , and something that may change the future of mankind for good ?
We 're talking about the National Ignition Facility that has recently produced the world 's first megajoule laser , which only lasted for a few nanoseconds but is still a milestone for nuclear fusion development ( read : clean energy on a massive scale ) .
In a nutshell , this laser should be able to produce sufficient X - rays in order to fuse hydrogen nuclei , and it also has financial and efficiency advantage over other systems by having an exposed reactor core instead of one shielded by a huge magnet .
That said , until the NIF tries the laser on fuel capsules this summer , we can only be hopeful .
[ Original photo from 2 funnycats ]
Insurers attaching boxes to cars to collect data , set rates
u Drive Open Houses Saturday 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. AAA Summerlin , 10860 W. Charleston Blvd .
Saturday , March 27 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. AAA Green Valley , 1000 N. Green Valley Pkwy .
Suite 620 www.aaa.com/udriveinfo
A small , blue plastic box may be the future of car insurance .
The box , which plugs into the on - board diagnostic port of the car , wirelessly sends data to the driver ’s insurance company .
If motorists do n’t mind sharing information with their insurer , it may save them some money .
“ This is really where we think auto insurance is headed , ” said AAA Nevada spokesman Michael Geeser .
“ We want to use the most accurate information we can , and this is one way of gathering that . ”
Nevada is the first state to get the service , called uDrive , for AAA .
But if it is a success here , it will spread , Geeser said .
The auto club is holding open houses this weekend to show off the new devices .
Progressive Insurance has offered a similar program , called MyRate , in Nevada since September , spokeswoman Susan Rouser said .
Progressive offers MyRate in 19 states and is working on expanding the program .
Some 100,000 Progressive customers already use MyRate .
The boxes plug into most cars made after 1996 .
AAA ’s new program tracks the number of miles the vehicle runs and the speed it travels .
The company is offering customers a 10 percent discount on their auto insurance for using the device , Geeser said .
If the customer drives fewer than 10,000 miles in a year , they get an additional 5 percent discount .
“ You ca n’t lose ; even if you do n’t drive less than 10,000 miles you still get a discount , ” Geeser said .
The average motorist drives 12,000 miles a year .
Progressive ’s program also tracks the time of day the car is used and how often the driver uses his or her brakes , Rouser said .
It then offers customers an insurance rate based on a comparison of the driver ’s data compared with other drivers in the state .
“ We ’re always looking for ways for customers to save , and this is something that helps them determine their rates , ” Rouser said .
Both programs allow customers to log onto a Web site to view their driving data , which allows them to adjust their driving habits .
Geeser said the program gives AAA data that will help it better understand drivers ’ needs and habits .
Plus , drivers can use the data to find ways to lower their own costs by changing how they drive .
The devices do not have GPS technology and cannot tell the insurers where the cars are located .
But the program attracts safer drivers , which helps the insurer , Geeser said .
“ The data helps make better drivers , and makes the whole valley better , ” he said .
“ We want safe drivers , not only our members , but also the driver next to them on the road . ”
By Aidan Lewis
BBC News
France tested its first nuclear weapons in the Algerian Sahara French authorities deliberately exposed soldiers to nuclear testing in the Sahara , according to researchers citing a confidential French military report .
At least one test aimed to " study the physiological and psychological effects of nuclear arms on man " , they say .
Le Parisien newspaper , which carried excerpts from the document on Tuesday , quoted the defence minister as saying he had no knowledge of the report .
Some soldiers say they were made ill by French tests dating back to the 1960s .
They have complained for decades that they were given insufficient protection from radioactive fallout during testing , with some claiming they were used as " guinea pigs " .
After long denying any responsibility , the French government drew up a bill last year to compensate veterans for health problems that could be linked to the tests .
' Foot soldiers '
Researchers at the Armaments Observatory in Lyon , a non-governmental research group that has worked closely with French veterans of the nuclear tests , said the report they cited was written in the late 1990s as an overview of French testing , and drew on secret military documents .
It describes official interest in studying " the physiological and psychological effects of nuclear arms on man " in connection with France 's fourth atmospheric test , Gerboise Verte , on 25 April 1961 .
It says " foot soldiers " were deployed in " tactical exercises " during the test , in an attempt to measure the possibility of mounting a military operation in the aftermath of a nuclear attack .
The men were made to approach to within a few hundred metres of the blast site shortly after the explosion .
Patrice Bouveret , a researcher at the Armaments Observatory , said the report was the most explicit indication so far that French authorities had knowingly exposed test participants to dangerous side effects .
" Up till now we had never had direct account of ' foot soldiers ' being used in these manoeuvres , " he told the BBC .
" [ The French authorities ] knew that they were putting them in danger when they sent them on these manoeuvres and at the very least they should have taken measures to protect their health . "
Defence Minister Herve Morin was quoted by Le Parisien as saying he had no knowledge of the report , while stressing that the level of radiation to which participants were exposed was " very weak " .
The French parliament approved the government 's bill to compensate veterans last month .
But veterans have complained that its provisions are too restrictive and that only a fraction of those affected will be eligible for compensation .
They are lobbying for the law to include more tests , a broader geographic area , and a greater number of illnesses , when it comes into force later this year .
They also want provisions for environmental clean - ups .
The French carried out 17 nuclear tests in the Algerian Sahara in the 1960s .
France later switched testing to French Polynesia , where a further 193 tests were completed before it ended the practice in 1996 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : l5
p
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
You : Drunk , beautiful , Discovered that I forgot to lock the door in my haste .
Look , I know it must have been awkward for you to see me in that state , and especially since it didnt seem to bother me that you walked in .
We made eye contact for a brief moment , you have the most beautiful brown eyes ( no pun intended ) .
I said " hey beautiful lady " right as you slammed the door , and i meant it .
Everyone poops , and now that you have seen me pooping , I feel like we have already moved our relationship to a higher level .
If you read this , and feel the same way , respond ...
I hope the smell didnt offend you , I ate indian food for lunch ..
" Wir leben im Internet , statt es nur zu nutzen "
Der Science - Fiction - Autor William Gibson erklärt , warum die Wirklichkeit oft schlimmer ist als seine düsteren Prognosen , und was geschehen muss , damit die Menschheit doch noch die Kurve kriegt .
The passion the original Star Wars trilogy inspires in its fans is unparalleled ; but when it comes to George Lucas himself , many have found their ardor has cooled into a complicated love - hate relationship .
This hilarious , heartfelt documentary delves deep into Lucas ’s cultural legacy , asking all the tough questions .
Has Lucas betrayed his masterwork ?
Should he just have left the original trilogy alone ?
Is The Phantom Menace so bad it should carry a health warning ?
Utilizing interviews taken from over 600 hours of footage , and peppered with extraordinary Star Wars and Indiana Jones recreations lovingly immortalized in song , needlepoint , Lego , claymation , puppets and paper - mâché , above all this film asks the question : who truly owns that galaxy far , far away — the man who created it , or the fans who worship it ?
In a rare public appearance , the revered travel writer Patrick Leigh Fermor has revealed that he is only now - aged 92 - learning to type , in order to finish the trilogy that has been at the centre of his writing life for more than 30 years .
Leigh Fermor usually avoids the spotlight these days , to concentrate on his work , but this week made an exception as Greece , his adopted home , awarded him its highest honour , Commander of the Order of the Phoenix
Leigh Fermor , widely acknowledged as Britain 's greatest living travel writer , was unexpectedly told of the award in a letter from the office of Greece 's president last month .
" I have no idea why they are doing this but I am deeply honoured and moved , " he told the Guardian after receiving the medal at a lavish ceremony in Athens .
" I think they 've enjoyed reading my books and heard I was an eager participant , who got in the thick of things during the war , " said the author , who is also known for pulling off one of the greatest coups in Nazi- occupied Europe , orchestrating the capture of General Kreipe , the military commander on Crete - a feat immortalised by the book and film Ill Met by Moonlight .
Friends say Leigh Fermor , who has chronicled Greece for more than 60 years , is these days acutely aware of the passage of time and put aside precious writing time to make the trip from his home in the Mani on the southern Peloponnese .
When he was handed the prestigious Travel Writers ' Guild award in 2004 , he dispatched his biographer Artemis Cooper to pick up the gong .
Since the second half of the 80s , he has being toiling to complete the third volume of a trilogy depicting his extraordinary journey on foot from Rotterdam to Istanbul at the age of 18 .
His painstaking perfectionism means his output has not been prolific .
He wrote the first volume of the trilogy , A Time of Gifts - widely considered his greatest work - nearly four decades after the odyssey in 1977 .
The second , Between the Woods and the Water , was released in 1986 .
Ever since , fans have been desperate to read the third .
Like many of his generation , the acclaimed soldier - scholar has always written in longhand - delivering his masterpieces to his publisher in great flourishes of scrawl .
It 's a process that has been widely blamed for the long gestation periods .
But help is at hand .
Paddy , as he is known to his friends , has finally decided that with his handwriting degenerating into unreadability , it is time to type .
This year he invested in a 1951 Olivetti ( " I would n't get a computer , " ) and is currently working his way around the machine 's keyboard , according to friends .
" I 'm going to finish that book , " he said .
" I 'm going home and I 'm going to work really hard . "
The Indonesian government has announced plans to sell tigers as pets for £ 67,000 a pair in what it claims is a move to protect the critically endangered species .
However , environmental groups have criticised the scheme as a money - making scam that will do nothing to save tigers , which face an increased risk from poachers on the eve of the Chinese Year of the Tiger .
Three people have already applied to follow in the footsteps of Michael Jackson and Mike Tyson and keep a tiger as a pet .
The criteria for taking ownership of 30 available tigers is having a spare billion rupiah ( £ 67,000 ) and a minimum of 5 sq kilometre of land on which to keep the animals .
The government said the tigers would be constantly monitored in their new homes and any mistreatment would be punished by fines or jail .
“ This idea of selling the tigers to the public came about after several wealthy businessmen proposed buying them , ” said Didi Wuryanto , a forestry ministry official .
“ They do n’t just want to own horses .
They want to be acknowledged as special people with prestige , so they want to keep tigers . ”
Environmentalists warned selling off tigers as pets would encourage tiger poachers .
Tiger poaching is on the rise across Asia ahead of Feb 14 , the start of the Chinese Year of the Tiger .
“ It is an irresponsible move by the Indonesian government , ” said Bustar Maitar , a Greenpeace forest campaigner .
“ Selling tigers is not the solution .
The government must protect the animal ’s habitat and stop palm oil plantations taking over .
This move will just encourage poaching among locals at a time when poaching is on the rise because of the Year of the Tiger . ”
There are just 3,200 tigers remaining in the wild across Asia , according to the World Wildlife Fund , and they are nearing extinction due to habitat loss .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
State of the Union
With the Obama administration still waiting for an answer to its demands for a halt to east Jerusalem construction and an extension of the housing start freeze in the West Bank , Defense Minister Ehud Barak said on Sunday that while Israel must continue cultivating its strategic relationship with the US , Israel alone is responsible for itself , its safety and the future of the Jewish people .
“ We are the ones who have exclusive responsibility for Israel ’s fate and future and only we will decide on issues of national importance that affect Israelis and the Jewish people , ” Barak said in a clear message aimed at the White House .
During a briefing with military reporters just after he sat with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and the inner ministerial forum known as the “ septet , ” Barak said Israel was at a “ delicate and loaded diplomatic juncture ” due to the crisis with Washington .
He stressed that Israel could never “ lose touch ” with the importance of the relations and the ability to act in harmony with the US .
“ Israel needs to protect itself ... and to do that we need cooperation with the entire international community , but above all to strengthen our relationship with the US , ” he said .
“ Our relationship with the US is a pillar and cornerstone for the nation ’s security .
” Barak urged Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu to present an Israeli peace initiative .
He said that while the Americans made certain demands from Israel , what they were really interested in “ was knowing if Israel was with them and serious about the peace process .
” “ This is the question that bothers the US administration more than the concrete requests that came up before and during our last visit in Washington , ” he said .
Barak said that in his opinion , Israel needed to strive for the establishment of a demilitarized Palestinian state with viable territorial continuity .
He said that sensitive issues , such as Jerusalem , refugees , and settlement blocs would come up during direct talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority .
Barak ’s comments came on the same day that both Washington and Jerusalem appeared to try to tamp down the recent tension and downplay the less than red-carpet treatment that met Netanyahu last week at the White House .
“ This was not about formalities , this was not about a ceremonial meeting .
This was a working meeting among friends , so there was no snub intended , ” Obama ’s top aide David Axelrod said on CNN ’sprogram on Sunday morning regarding the chilly reception Netanyahu received at the White House .
Obama met Netanyahu last Tuesday evening at a meeting where no photographs were released , no statements were given , and during which Obama left in the middle to have dinner with his wife and children , leaving Netanyahu to mull over the President ’s demands with his staff .
Another top Obama aide , Valerie Jarrett , was asked about the tension on ABC’s This Week , and whether a “ bond of trust ” existed between Netanyahu and Obama .
“ Absolutely .
Absolutely , ” she replied .
“ The United States is a strong and ardent ally of Israel .
The fact of the matter is that friends can disagree , and I think what ’s important is that world leaders are able to sit down with one another , have frank conversations and move forward .
I do n’t think there is any doubt in the mind of Bibi Netanyahu about the president ’s commitment to Israel and its safety , and how important it is for the United States and for the region .
” Netanyahu , for his part , also tried to reduce friction , distancing himself the first thing in the morning from quotes that appeared in the media and that were attributed to sources close to him , saying that the Obama administration was “ hostile , ” had adopted the Palestinian line , and that the situation with the administration was “ catastrophic . ”
“ I have recently heard anonymous , unworthy remarks in the media regarding the American administration and the American president , ” Netanyahu said at the start of Sunday ’s cabinet meeting , in which he briefed the ministers on his trip to Washington .
“ I would like to make it clear : I find these remarks to be unacceptable .
They do not come from anybody acting on my behalf .
Relations between Israel and the US are those between allies and friends and reflect longstanding tradition .
Even when there are differences of opinion , they are differences of opinion among friends and will remain so .
” Netanyahu told the cabinet there was a gap between the nature of the talks in Washington and the perception of them , although he did acknowledge that perception was important .
“ Regarding the issues that came up , there were areas in which there was full agreement , as well as those where there was disagreement , ” he said .
“ We tried to take – and we took – various steps to reduce the gaps in order to advance the process .
We are continuing these efforts .
” Netanyahu convened the septet after the cabinet meeting to continue a discussion that began on Friday on how to respond to Obama ’s demands .
A top defense official said that among the demands Netanyahu wasexpected to respond to were requests regarding construction inJerusalem , final borders for the future Palestinian state as well as aseries of confidence - building gestures that Obama asked Netanyahu tomake , including the release of Palestinian security prisoners , thelifting of IDF roadblocks in the West Bank and the possible partiallifting of the blockade on the Gaza Strip .
The official said that Israel would be able to approve some of therequests but not all of them , with the issue of construction in eastJerusalem one of the most hotly contested issues between Jerusalem and Washington .
“ There is no urgency in responding , but we will need to reach a mutualunderstanding soon , ” the official said , adding that what was reallyimportant was a demonstration by the Israeli government that it wasinterested in reaching a peace agreement with the Palestinians and waswilling to present a peace plan to achieve that goal .
International Fertilizer Development Center
A new agricultural technology that cuts nitrogen fertilizer waste in half while increasing rice yields is spreading quickly in Bangladesh and is being investigated by 15 other nations , including more than a dozen in sub-Saharan Africa .
Chemical fertilizers are critical to raising crop yields , but their cost has been prohibitive for many subsistence farmers , particularly those in Africa .
The inefficiency of fertilizer application is also a major problem .
By some estimates , as much as 70 percent of nitrogen fertilizer applied to crops in developing nations is lost to runoff or released into the atmosphere , contributing to coastal “ dead zones , ” global warming , ozone layer depletion and other problems .
The new technology is fairly simple .
Rather than applying urea , a nitrogen fertilizer , to the soil surface in tiny granules , the urea is compacted into briquettes and placed several inches below ground .
These briquettes release nitrogen slowly , dramatically reducing the amount of fertilizer washed away by rain or absorbed by the air .
The technique has raised rice yields while limiting the amount of the nitrogen available to weeds , curbing herbicide use .
“ The farmers are using nearly 40 percent less urea , and yet they are producing nearly 20 percent more rice , ” said Amit Roy , the president of the International Fertilizer Development Center , a nonprofit research group that helped develop the technology , known as “ urea deep placement . ”
The use of urea briquettes in Bangladesh began in earnest in 2007 , when rising global energy and commodity prices caused the price of chemical fertilizers to nearly triple in the space of a year .
Since then , Bangladeshi farmers have put 1.7 million acres under cultivation using the technology , and according to Mr. Roy , the Bangladeshi government has plans to expand its use to more than 12 million acres in the next several years .
“ They want to take it all over the country , ” he said .
The success in Bangladesh has generated interest internationally , particularly among nations in sub-Saharan Africa where fertilizer use has long been cost - prohibitive for subsistence farmers .
So far , four delegations from Africa — with representatives from Malawi , Uganda , Nigeria , Togo , Mali , Burkina Faso , Niger , Madagascar , Senegal , Rwanda , Burundi , Congo and Kenya — have visited Bangladeshi farms and briquette factories .
Several trials in Africa – as well as in Laos and Vietnam – are underway .
“ So far the results of the trials in Africa have been very encouraging and there is discussion about taking this technology to scale in several West African countries , ” Mr. Roy said .
Whether urea deep placement will prove attractive to countries like China , which use – and waste – vast amounts of nitrogen fertilizer , is unclear , however .
At present , the application of the briquettes is labor intensive , making it best suited to small , unmechanized farms , Mr. Roy said .
Yet work is under way to adapt the principles behind the technology for use on large industrialized farms .
A turtle researcher says global warming is behind an influx of loggerhead turtles breeding in south - east Queensland .
Researcher Jennie Truman monitors loggerhead and green turtle nests on beaches at North Stradbroke Island , off Brisbane .
She has seen a big increase in breeding activity on the Island and believes that is due largely to global warming which is making beaches further north too hot for nests .
" The sand temperature has started rising up there and it is cooking the eggs basically and not incubating them , " she said .
She says as south - east Queensland is increasingly playing an important part in turtle breeding , local authorities must work with researchers to better accommodate the seasonal influx of the endangered species .
Meanwhile , conservationists on North Stradbroke Island are calling for the community to become plastic bag - free to help protect turtles and other marine life .
This summer residents in south - east Queensland have monitored 16 loggerhead and green turtle nests on the island .
That is a big increase on previous years , and researchers say it could be due to global warming which is making beaches further north too hot to nest .
Stradbroke Island Management Organisation ( SIMO ) spokeswoman Jackie Cooper says the area is home to endangered creatures and more must be done to protect them .
" A lot of people on the island every morning are walking on the beach - they carry a bag to put rubbish in and they collect rubbish off the beach , " she said .
" You never come back with an empty bag - it 's always got some rubbish in it .
" For Stradbroke to stand up and say we ban plastic bags gives a message to all our visitors and to the rest of Australia that we care about our marine environment . "
I 've been doing a little bit of research into ways to misuse browser history and cache and came across a very simple technique for tracking users without the need for cookies .
Firstly , a demo .
If you watch the HTTP requests you 'll see that there are no cookies being used .
To track a user I make use of three URLs : the container , which can be any website ; a shim file , which contains a unique code ; and a tracking page , which stores ( and in this case displays ) requests .
The trick lies in making the browser cache the shim file indefinitely .
When the file is requested for the first - and only - time a unique identifier is embedded in the page .
The shim embeds the tracking page , passing it the unique ID every time it is loaded .
See the source code ( thanks to Nathan for pointing out the date error ) .
One neat thing about this method is that JavaScript is not strictly required .
It is only used to pass the message and referrer to the tracker .
It would probably be possible to replace the iframes with CSS and images to gain JS - free HTTP referrer logging but would lose the ability to store messages so easily .
As to how useful this actually is ; the only use cases I can really think of are not exactly legitimate .
The most obvious is to track users who wo n't accept cookies .
This does have advantages over cookies too ; namely that this kind of tracking is completely silent .
Virus scanners which search for an delete tracking cookies wo n't affect sites using this method .
Likewise , manually clearing cookies wo n't work .
The most practical implementation would be to use this in concert with cookies to make tracking IDs more sticky , so they could outlast a user clearing their cookies .
I 've also been looking into adapting the link colour hack to store custom values in the browser history ( this is easily doable ) .
Combining these three techniques would mean a user would have to simultaneously clear their cache , their history and their cookies to circumvent tracking .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
March 20 , 2010
From NBC New York :
Defense attorneys say an alleged plot to bomb New York synagogues was hatched and directed by a federal informant .
Lawyers for four men from Newburgh have filed a motion to dismiss the terror indictment against them .
They said the informant badgered the defendants until they got involved in the plot .
They said the informant chose the targets , supplied fake bombs for the synagogues and a fake missile to shoot down planes .
The motion said he also offered to pay the defendants , who attorneys alleged were n’t inclined toward any crime until the informant began recruiting them .
“ The government well knew that their case had been a government - inspired creation from day one and that the defendants had not been independently seeking weapons or targets , ” the motion said .
Do you see a pattern here ?
The patsy David Williams .
The FBI promised to give his brother a liver transplant if he joined a government created al - Qaeda group .
In a preponderant number of federal terror cases , the FBI ferrets out patsies and mental deficients and attempts to frame them for terror in order to hype up the manufactured war on terror and convince the American people they must surrender their constitutional rights , rat on their neighbors , endure surveillance , and unquestioningly support foreign wars responsible for killing millions of people .
Defendants in the New Jersey Fort Dix Army terror case painted a similar picture to the one in New York .
“ The only terrorist conspiracy was one planted and nurtured by the informant , ” declared defense attorney Rocco Cip during the trial .
The FBI ’s role in the case was admitted by a provocateur .
“ The FBI informant paid to infiltrate a band of suspected terrorists in South Jersey said yesterday that he offered to organize their attack on U.S. soldiers , but only because he wanted to build trust and find out more about the group , ” the Star - Ledger reported on November 11 , 2008 .
In Miami , the FBI case against the so - called Miami Seven came apart at the seams when it was discovered a government provocateur provided money , video cameras for conducting surveillance , cellphones , and suggested that the patsies target the Miami FBI office .
During the trial in 2006 , it came out that Narseal Batiste , the supposed ringleader , had not met with an actual terrorist , or did he receive emails or wire transfers from the Middle East , did not possess any al - Qaeda literature or even have a picture of Osama bin Laden , according to the Washington Post .
“ This whole operation was a foolish waste of time and money , ” Terence Kindlon , a defense lawyer who represented a client in the New York synagogue case , told the Times Online .
“ It is almost as if the FBI cooked up the plot and found four idiots to install as defendants . ”
It was revealed in 2009 that the FBI informant - provocateur in the case was a man named Shahed Hussain , a former New York state motel owner who became an FBI informant in 2002 to avoid deportation to Pakistan after being arrested on fraud charges .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Hussain and the FBI were so desperate to fabricate a case they promised a liver transplant for the terminally ill brother of David Williams , one of the men standing trial , according to the New York Daily News .
The FBI has a long history of employing dirty tricks to entrap and discredit Americans .
Under COINTELPRO , the agency not only engaged in disinformation campaigns and harassment of protest organizations , including those of the civil rights and antiwar movements , but also routinely used agents provocateurs .
“ At the time , anti-war activists did n’t realize the extent to which the authorities were destroying their movement from within by using agents provocateurs and informants , and from the outside by using trumped - up charges , anonymous denunciations and snitch jackets , and stories planted in the media , ” writes Daniel Brandt .
COINTELPRO did not end after the FBI ’s misdeeds ( and those of the CIA , the Pentagon , and numerous local law enforcement agencies around the country ) were uncovered in the 1970s .
“ Considering the current political climate [ in the wake of September 11 , 2001 ] , the legalization of COINTELPRO , the rehabilitation of the FBI and police , and the expanded role of the CIA and military , the recent revelations leave us only one safe assumption : that extensive government covert operations are already underway to neutralize today ’s opposition movements before they can reach the massive level of the 60s , ” writes Brian Glick .
COINTELPRO and government subversion of political dissent is alive and well , as the case of Hal Turner reveals .
During the trial of Turner , it was revealed that he worked as a ‘ National Security Intelligence ’ asset .
His code name was “ Valhalla ” and “ he received thousands of dollars from the FBI to report on such groups as the Aryan Nations and the white supremacist National Alliance , ” according to news accounts .
The Department of Homeland Security , working closely with the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League , has attempted to conflate white supremacy and the growing patriot movement in the United States .
Recent revelations in the New York synagogue bombing case demonstrate that the government will go to extreme lengths to create phony terror threats and frame patsies .
Since September 11 , 2001 , the American public has endured incessant propaganda about al - Qaeda and the largely imagined threat of Muslim extremism .
Since the rise of the Tea Party movement and visibility of patriot groups around the country demanding a return to the Constitution , the government and the corporate media have engaged in a campaign to portray patriot groups as potential terrorists .
Supporters of Ron Paul , Chuck Baldwin , Bob Barr , the Oath Keepers , radio talk show host Alex Jones and others have been consistently demonized .
The corporate media , under the direction of the Pentagon and the CIA , have yet to demonize disparate patriot groups around the country to the extent they have demonized Muslims .
They are one false flag event away from doing so .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Democratic leaders are staunchly defending their possible use of a parliamentary maneuver to avoid a traditional vote on health care .
Are they also getting ready to abandon a promise that lawmakers would have at least 72 hours to read and evaluate the language of the health care bill ?
House Democrats are moving ahead with a package of budget reconciliation changes to the Senate bill that would let members enact the Senate bill by reference .
A Democratic staffer tells me House leaders tentatively plan to ignore or blur the 72 - hour rule when the long - delayed final analysis is delivered to them sometime this afternoon .
The Rules Committee will meet on Saturday to set the rules for debate .
Following the letter of the 72 - hour rule would mean no vote before late Sunday , but Democrats have allowed themselves an out .
" The Democratic leadership has declared ' martial law , ' " Poltico.com reports , " allowing leaders to bring legislation straight to the floor on the same legislative day . "
That could mean a vote as early as Saturday , with a floor debate of just four hours .
The public and members of Congress would have only 48 hours or even less to examine the bill .
Democrats are in a rush for two reasons .
One , the longer they wait , the iffier their chances of assembling a majority of 216 House members .
Two , they 're also in a hurry because the Senate needs a minimum of a week of floor debate to pass the expected reconciliation bill full of legislative " fixes . "
With Congress set to begin its two - week Easter recess on March 26 , Democratic leaders do n't want members leaving town before the issue is settled , fearing a pummeling by angry constituents back home that will weaken their resolve .
Cutting short the period for legislators and the public to evaluate the bill would raise hackles .
But Democratic leaders are prepared to take the hits .
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer signaled as much last Friday on the House floor in an exchange with GOP Whip Eric Cantor .
" We will certainly give as much notice as possible , but I am not going to say that 72 hours is going to be the litmus test , per se , because that which we have voted on already in the House and the Senate have given Members months of notice and the American public months of notice on the substance of the propositions that are pending before us , " Mr. Hoyer said .
Note : you 'll not see this box again if you are a usual reader .
Subscribe to the RSS feed of this blog or use the newsletter service in order to receive a notification every time there is something of new to read here .
A reminder even contemplating how women would run Wall Street remains a pipe dream : A discrimination lawsuit has been filed against Goldman Sachs by a mother of two .
But did she choose her fate ?
The reactions are instructive .
Advertisement
Charlotte Hanna alleges in her suit that after taking maternity leave in 2005 , she was demoted , and that one week before her second maternity leave in 2009 , she was told her position had been eliminated .
Left out of most news accounts , but not Reuters ' , was this telling detail :
The complaint said 75 percent of those " selected for termination " in her group had recently taken maternity leave .
Advertisement
What was that group ?
Apparently , it was Goldman Sachs University , an " orientation program for new analysts , associates and summer interns . "
Hanna joined Goldman in 1998 through the associate program and was eventually promoted to vice president ; later , according to Reuters , " She took advantage of a Goldman program letting her work part - time upon returning from her first maternity leave in February 2005 . "
It 's hard to say without more details about Hanna 's choices and motivations , but her story seems to contain within it some of the more difficult ambiguities of women advancing in the corporate world .
And women who have been there have mixed reactions to the case .
Take this commenter over at Wall Street Oasis :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Hanna 's age at the time of her pregnancies has n't been reported .
Bess Levin at Dealbreaker read the case in the context of Goldman Sachs ' general callousness , adding that Hanna " a former employee who should know how this shit works . "
Advertisement
A more thoughtful response in the same vein came from KJ Dell ' Antonia , a " former Manhattan lawyer and prosecutor , parent of four " over at Slate 's XX blog :
Her first mistake was signing on with " Goldman Sachs University " in the first place - it 's the very definition of " mommy track . " ... Sliding off into training , recruiting , managing the legal library or the associate program is simply easier , especially if you 're a woman who 's also taking on the primary responsibility for running a family ...
But it 's a perilous compromise .
The bottom line is that if your job is n't your top priority , then you 're probably not your employer 's top priority , either .
That 's fine .
In fact , it 's true of most people , but it 's a bargain that depends on both parties accepting the basic premise .
If your firm offers you a mommy track — and you take it — then suing when the luxury niche you 've placed yourself in becomes unaffordable is only going to make employers less likely to create a haven for willing parents the next time around .
Advertisement
But what is that haven for willing parents ?
If it 's not flexible hours or a temporarily less rigorous position , than what is it ?
And when it comes to truly powerful or high - paying jobs , is it really all or nothing ?
Ex -VP Sues Goldman Over Mommy Track [ Reuters ]
You Can Add Another Group To The List Of People Goldman Sachs Deems Second Class Citizens [ Dealbreaker ]
No Day Care At Goldman ?
[ Wall Street Oasis ]
If It 's Not A Money Maker , It 's Probably A Mommy Trap [ Slate / XX ]
You Can Add Another Group To The List Of People Goldman Sachs Deems Second Class Citizens [ Dealbreaker ]
Suit : Goldman ' Mommy - Tracked ' Executive [ WSJ ]
Advertisement
Earlier : How Wall Street 's Women Act Like Menstruating Women
About the author
( NewsTarget )
From celebrities sporting milk mustaches to former horror queens touting the benefits of yogurt , the dairy industry spends billions of dollars on advertising in attempt to brainwash the public into believing that " milk does a body good . "
The truth is that too much dairy can cause obesity , cancer , heart disease , allergies , diabetes , and even osteoporosis .
Calcium is essential to good health and can be found in a plethora of plant sources such as broccoli , cabbage and spinach .
The dairy industry has led us to believe that we can only get the calcium we need from their dairy products .
" There`s no best source of calcium , " says Robert Heaney , Professor of Medicine at the Osteoporosis Research Center at Creighton University School of Medicine .
" The sheer quantity of calcium in dairy products certainly makes them attractive sources , but they have no monopoly on calcium .
There`s no reason in the world why you couldn`t get an adequate intake from a vegetable source .
" Casein , a protein present in milk , causes minor to severe allergies in many people resulting in hives , stomach pains , bronchitis , bloating , and even asthma .
In actress Alicia Silverstone`s recent book , Silverstone recalls growing up with bronchitis three or four times a year ; she was on regular allergy medication and relied on an inhaler for her asthma .
It was n't until she gave up dairy that her allergies went away .
" Very soon after becoming vegan , I stopped experiencing allergies or any asthma - type symptoms , " says Silverstone .
" They just disappeared .
" No other species drinks the milk of another species .
Drinking the milk of another mammal may even cause osteoporosis - the very disease it is touted to prevent .
" When we have babies , we breastfeed them , and then at a certain point , we stop , " explainauthors Rory Freedman and Kim Barnouin .
" It is exactly the same for cows and every other mammal on the planet .
They produce milk when they give birth , they feed their young , and then they stop .
We are the only species on the planet that drinks the milk of another species .
We are the only species on the planet that drinks milk as adults .
Why ?
Because the multi-million dollar dairy industry has convinced us that we need milk for healthy bones .
However ,
Yale researchers found that countries with the highest dairy and meat intakes also suffer the highest osteoporosis rates .
" Milk is pasteurized in order to remove unhealthy bacteria , but this process also removes the nutritional value of the milk .
Milk pasteurization destroys digestive enzymes and even doubles the amount of harmful bacteria .
During pasteurization , enzymes like lactase , galactase , and phosphatase are destroyed .
Without these enzymes , milk is especially difficult to process in our bodies , especially since the human pancreas cannot always create these enzymes on its own .
When the pancreas is overtaxed diabetes and other diseases may occur .
Recombinant Bovine Growth Hormone is a genetically engineered hormone that is given to cows in order to increase their milk production , thus increasing the profits of the dairy industry .
Bovine growth hormone ( rBGH ) accelerates the development of IGF - 1 , a hormone that is not eliminated in pasteurization or digestion .
IGF - 1 and rBGH increase cell division which can lead to breast , prostate , or colon cancer .
Think of it this way , if a cow`s life is shortened by 20 years when injected with BGH , what could that do to your life ?
Freedman , Rory & Barnouin , Kim . Skinny Bitch .
Old Saybrook : Tantor Media , 2007 Silverstone , Alicia .
The Kind Diet .
Philadelphia : Rodale Press , 2010 .
www.all-creatures.org, " How Milk and Dairy Products Will Destroy Your Health and Cause Cancer , Heart Disease , Diabetes , Multiple Sclerosis , Allergies , Osteoporosis , and Infection` " http://www.all-creatures.org/health/howmilka...
Allison Biggar is a writer and filmmaker who believes in using the media to empower people to make a difference .
Allison is directing a documentary on people who have cured themselves of disease naturally without drugs , surgery , chemotherapy or radiation .
You can visit her Natural Health web site at www.holisticvoice.org
Allison also recently released " The Vitality Diet " - This informative , reader - friendly diet book to changing your diet is jam - packed with knowledge , secrets , stories and answers that will motivate you like no other diet book has .
Author Allison Biggar offers a heartrending first - hand account of a personal transformation that will make you think differently about your health and your relationship to food .
Whether you are seeking to recover holistically from a serious disease , or just looking to shed a few pounds , The Vitality Diet is an invaluable blueprint for constructing a brand new lifestyle based on eating right and becoming whole again .
To buy " The Vitality Diet , " book please visit www.thenaturalchick.com
To donate to Holistic Voice and help fund a documentary on healing naturally from disease please visit www.holisticvoice.org
HONG KONG  Hostility from Chinese regulators and financing problems are increasingly likely to scuttle plans by an obscure Chinese machinery company to buy the Hummer division from General Motors , people close to the negotiations said on Tuesday .
General Motors has already extended repeatedly its deadline for completing the deal , with the current deadline at the end of this week ; the original deadline was last September .
But the buyer , the Sichuan Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machinery Company , has failed to win regulatory approval for the deal at a time when senior Chinese officials are trying to put a new emphasis on limiting China ’s dependence on imported oil and protecting the environment .
Chinese banks are now pulling back from offers to lend money to Tengzhong for the deal and Western banks are leery of becoming involved , people close to the transaction said .
Auto industry analysts are deeply skeptical the deal will be completed .
“ The deal is on the ropes , if it ’s not on the canvas yet , ” said Michael Dunne , the president of Dunne & Company , a Hong Kong auto consulting firm .
Researchers at Queen 's University have helped produce a new archaeological tool which could answer key questions in human evolution .
The new calibration curve , which extends back 50,000 years , is a major landmark in radiocarbon dating -- the method used by archaeologists and geoscientists to establish the age of carbon - based materials .
It could help research issues including the effect of climate change on human adaption and migrations .
The curve called INTCAL09 , has just been published in the journal Radiocarbon .
It not only extends radiocarbon calibration but also considerably improves earlier parts of the curve .
Dr Ron Reimer of the Queen 's School of Geography , Archaeology and Palaeoecology said : " The new radiocarbon calibration curve will be used worldwide by archaeologists and earth scientists to convert radiocarbon ages into a meaningful time scale comparable to historical dates or other estimates of calendar age .
" It is significant because this agreed calibration curve now extends over the entire normal range of radiocarbon dating , up to 50,000 years before today .
Comparisons of the new curve to ice - core or other climate archives will provide information about changes in solar activity and ocean circulation . "
It has taken nearly 30 years for researchers to produce a calibration curve this far back in time .
advertisement
Since the early 1980s , an international working group called INTCAL has been working on the project .
The principle of radiocarbon dating is that plants and animals absorb trace amounts of radioactive carbon - 14 from carbon dioxide in the atmosphere while they are alive but stop doing so when they die .
The carbon - 14 decays from archaeological and geological samples so the amount left in the sample gives an indication of how old the sample is .
As the amount of carbon - 14 in the atmosphere is not constant , but varies with the strength of Earth 's magnetic field , solar activity and ocean radiocarbon ages must be corrected with a calibration curve .
Most experts consider the technical limit of radiocarbon dating to be about 50,000 years , after which there is too little carbon - 14 left to measure accurately with present day technology .
The project was led by Queen 's University Belfast through a National Environment Research Centre ( NERC ) funded research grant to Dr Paula Reimer and Professor Gerry McCormac from the Centre for Climate , the Environment and Chronology ( 14CHRONO ) at Queen 's and statisticians at the University of Sheffield .
Ron Reimer and Professor Emeritus Mike Baillie from Queen 's School of Geography , Archaeology and Palaeoecology also contributed to the work .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan —
When Pakistani officials sit down with their American counterparts for a round of high - level talks in Washington today , they ’ll be a demanding bunch .
They ’ll say that their armed forces have paid a heavy price to fight what many here see as America ’s war , and they ’ll argue that their country continues to bear the brunt of the war on terror with bomb blasts claiming the lives of Pakistanis nearly every week .
“ We have already done too much , ” Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi told reporters here last week .
“ Pakistan has done its bit , we have delivered ; now it ’s your turn .
Start delivering . ”
The United States government has already taken steps to address Pakistan ’s grievances .
U.S. officials have markedly increased the frequency of their visits to Islamabad in recent months , and America is helping fund the country ’s recent military offensives .
In addition , Congress has passed legislation that provides for $ 7.5 billion of economic and development assistance to Pakistan over a five - year period .
Despite all these gestures of goodwill , deep mistrust subsists between the two strategic allies .
Pakistan remembers that Americans were quick to leave the region once their objectives were attained at the end of the war in Afghanistan in the 1980s , and the widely held view is that the same will happen when American troops depart from Pakistan ’s neighbor .
U.S. efforts to improve its image have often turned into public - relations disasters , and anti-Americanism seems to be on the rise among the general Pakistani population .
“ Ultimately , they want to change the tone of this relationship , ” said Moeed Yusuf , South Asia adviser at the U.S. Institute of Peace .
“ This is a realization on both sides that the relationship has failed to deliver . ”
Qureshi , who will officially lead Pakistan ’s delegation , intends to bring an exhaustive list of demands when he meets with his counterpart Secretary of State Hillary Clinton today .
He has identified no less than 10 “ sectoral engagements ” that go much beyond military cooperation and include everything from energy and education to health and agriculture .
Pakistan , a country of 175 million people — half of them illiterate — with an economy crippled by corruption and chronic power outages , has proved particularly fertile ground for fundamentalist ideologies and militant groups .
As a result , U.S. officials have increasingly emphasized economic development as a key component of their relationship with Pakistan , and the $ 7.5 billion aid package passed by Congress late last year was meant as a substantial move in that direction .
But the Kerry - Lugar bill , as the piece of legislation is known here , is a symbol of the dangers the United States faces when trying to woo the country ’s population .
Instead of focusing on the bill ’s potential benefits to Pakistan , local politicians and media preferred to turn their attention to the conditions of good governance the bill carried and labeled them as yet another infringement on Pakistan ’s sovereignty .
More recently , a U.S. tour of Pakistani legislators also turned into a PR fiasco when the tour members suddenly decided to return to Pakistan after experiencing what they saw as excessively intrusive body screening at Washington ’s Ronald Reagan Airport .
Perceived American favoritism in favor of India , Pakistan ’s historical enemy , has also proved to be a major stumbling block in U.S. - Pakistan relations .
“ Washington ’s heavy tilt in favor of India and its helplessness in nudging India to seriously address Kashmir and other issues is another source of friction , ” wrote Talat Masood , a retired lieutenant general , in The News , a local newspaper .
“ Pakistan also cannot kowtow America ’s Afghanistan policy either unless it takes into account Pakistan ’s security and strategic concerns . ”
Pakistan has always sought to ensure a friendly Afghan regime would allow it to focus the bulk of its military might on its eastern border .
The involvement of India in the training of Afghan armed forces is therefore seen as a strategic menace to Pakistan ’s interests , said Imtiaz Gul , the executive director of the Center for Research and Security Studies , an Islamabad - based think tank .
“ We do not want an army operating in our backyard ... that has been trained by our archrival , ” he said .
Gul said a recalibration of the U.S. - India relationship that would take into account Pakistan ’s interests would go a long way toward mending fences between America and Pakistan .
He said the upcoming talks between the United States and Pakistan are unlikely to yield guarantees besides agreements related to the energy sector .
Nonetheless , he said he views the intensification of the dialogue between the two countries as a major opportunity .
“ I think they ’re developing into a much more positive relationship , ” Gul said .
“ Pakistan stands a very good chance to benefit from it . ”
If Guns are Classes , is Ammo EXP ?
Minimize and Maximize
Each Class is a Different Game
Team Effort
Dungeons and Dragons was the manual video game , with calculations done by hand and images drawn with imagination and graph paper .
D&D has been the bible for both game and world design in the RPG and all of its many sub -genres .
D&D 's influence is only becoming more widespread , and more games than ever are taking a page from its most defining concepts .
Class , or the ability for players to specialize and customize their characters , has become increasingly popular in genres outside of the RPG .
Class is a great tool for allowing players to customize their game experience according to their strengths and expectations , which is big draw in all kinds of games .
One genre that has seen a particularly pronounced increase is the FPS , especially since the release of games like .
This may be because class was integral to the sort of teamwork encouraged by early Dungeons and Dragons .
Gary Gygax 's vision of D&D was very nearly like a team sport .
When he and the many others working at TSR created the first character classes , they made them with the intent that they would be used like a team .
Players were supposed to work together and complement each other , and class - based design was meant to encourage this team effort problem solving .
A successful group relies on each other , and compensates for the weaknesses in other members .
What 's wonderful about class based design is that it creates a feedback loop in which the classes encourage good teamwork , and teamwork encourages exploration and mastery of the classes .
Plenty of single player games are getting in on the class action , and there are a lot of advantages to the approach for the individual , from basic convenience to the flow of gameplay .
In older games everyone started out the same , and part of the experience was running around until you found your favorite gun .
Games likelet you start out with them .
This is a small difference , but it means more time with teammates and less time spent equipping yourself .
Different guns are quite comparable to different classes , and inthey are still the most defining features of each individual class .
Games likehave everyone starting out the same , but each gun was wildly different and fairly well balanced so that players could pick weapons equal to the situation or their playstyle .
In practice , players would self - select even without more strictly defined classes .
On the opposite end of the spectrum is the experiment in monotony called instagib , in which the only weapon is an instant hit instant kill weapon .
This led to a game that was more or less a point and click adventure for the hyperactive .
While in a sense it levels the playing field by making everyone the same , it means that there is only one way to win : point and click the fastest .
When no other skills are important , only those talented or interested in that particular skill will enjoy playing .
Different weapons and abilities allow room for players with different kinds of skills and interests .
Wherereally becomes different is in the inherent class advantages , those minor or major adjustments to basic things like speed and health that can make a big difference in how the character is played , along with their weapon .
While they may have weaknesses , each class is more or less guaranteed to be very good at a particular aspect of the game .
This sort of personal min/ maxing almost feels like cheating , which might be why it 's so appealing .
Further increasing personal strength at the expense of weaknesses is what optimizing is all about , and in team games like , you also have friends to cover for your weaknesses .
In a way , it 's much more fair , because players ( in theory ) only have to fulfill the role they find most enjoyable .
This concept of min/maxing was something that grew out of the character design method of D&D .
Depending on the character a player wanted , they could throw all of their weakness onto an irrelevant stat and turn themselves into a monster .
characters are premade with this design in mind , so there 's less room for play customization , but less worry about game balance .
D&D is famous for being abusive in the respect of min/maxing but there 's actually nothing wrong with the approach taken by the players .
The classes inare designed to take advantage of their strengths .
Of course , in order to be well balanced , there needs to be equivalent strengths and weaknesses among the party members .
Having no weakness makes for poor play , and this is something that needs work , but there 's nothing wrong with optimization .
For example , the Heavy has both high damage weapons and huge health pool .
His chaingun was even specially designed to require less work to aim .
He is balanced by being very slow , and because of this is dependent on medics or backup from friends .
A player that enjoys slowly advancing on the enemy , playing defensively , or charging in with friends will find it very easy to ignore these weaknesses because the player knows how to compensate for them , and is n't interested in the kind of playstyle they prevent .
When a class fits a person 's playstyle , their weaknesses feel less pronounced .
If the Heavy player values strength over speed , he wo n't feel cheated or weak by a slow character .
If they player did , they could simply switch to something like a Scout .
In the same round of , each player may be playing what amounts to a different game depending on their class .
The Spy sneaking behind enemy lines is playing a stealth mission , while the Scout is playing a race against the enemy flag carrier .
The other important part of the class based system is that it originated from a game that was always meant to played as a group .
continues this philosophy , forcing coordination through class design just as Dungeons and Dragons did .
D&D was never intended as a single player game ; Gygax 's minimum was three ( two players and one referee ) .
It was a game about teamwork , and it is this philosophy that makes class work so well in a team game .
The classes in D&D are n't simply meant to be different play styles .
Each is meant to provide unique advantages , fulfill certain roles , and compensate for the weaknesses of others .
Coordinating this is where the social aspect of the game comes in , which was something Gygax was also concerned with .
In the D&D books he wrote at length about how important proper social behavior for players -- something that 's more of an issue now than it ever was .
Scouts , for example , are the most mobile class , which makes them fantastic for capturing objectives .
However , engineers can set up sentries that are extremely difficult for scouts to get by on their own .
In turn , there are classes that can easily get by sentries , but will have a comparatively hard time capturing the actual objective .
Of course , the engineer now needs more teammates to deal with the increased threat , and it escalates from there .
Because you can change class constantly in , the game encourages players to adapt to the situation , break deadlocks , and shift to help on teammates in trouble .
Gygax took a bit of a curmudgeonly attitude ; he felt that players that went against the team spirit of the game should meet a swift death deserving of their selfishness , and that eventually enough appropriate ends would convince them of the error of their ways .
It is not a dissimilar method .
Class - based gameplay means that the gap of skill can be overcome with appropriate class synergy ; in other words , teamwork .
Teamwork is extremely important to any team based game , or team based anything for that matter .
What class accomplishes for game design goes beyond just letting players focus on their strengths .
It encourages , even forces players to complement each other .
[ Andrew Vanden Bossche is a freelance writer and student .
He has a blog called Mammon Machine , which discusses videogames for the most part , and can be reached at [ email protected ]
Desire Petroleum triggered strong Argentine protests when it started drilling the first well this week .
The well marks the second attempt to see whether Falklands has the potential to become a major new oil province .
© Matt Davies
Davies titled this comic “ Cage Fighter ” , I suppose because they are fighting for the right to be screwed over by insurance companies .
It is one of life ’s little ironies that members of the tea party will likely be helped more than average people by health care reform .
It would become the first state to legalize recreational marijuana use if the proposition is approved .
Marijuana use is legal for medicinal purposes in California and 14 other states , but the drug is illegal under federal law .
If approved , the initiative would allow those 21 years and older to possess up to one ounce of marijuana , enough to roll several marijuana cigarettes .
Residents also could cultivate the plant in limited quantities .
The proposal would ban users from ingesting marijuana in public or smoking it while minors are present .
It also would make it illegal to possess the drug on school grounds or drive while under its influence .
Local governments would decide whether to permit and tax marijuana sales .
" The tide has turned , " said Dan Newman , a strategist with the campaign backing the measure .
" The combination of the broken budget and dysfunctional cannabis laws have created the perfect storm for this initiative to pass in November . "
Opponents refer to marijuana as a gateway drug , meaning its use is believed to lead young people to try other , harder drugs .
They worry that legalization would persuade more people to try it , worsening the nation 's drug culture .
" How can our kids say no when the adults around them are saying yes ? " asked Aimee Hendle , a spokeswoman for Californians for Drug Free Youth .
Proponents of the measure say legalizing marijuana could save the state $ 200 million a year by reducing public safety costs and could generate tax revenue for local governments .
Stephen Gutwillig , California director for the Drug Policy Alliance , said certification of the ballot initiative marks a watershed moment in the decades - long struggle .
" Banning marijuana outright has been a profound disaster , fueling a massive , increasingly brutal underground economy , wasting billions in scarce law enforcement resources and making criminals of countless law - abiding citizens , " he said .
The initiative is the second proposal to qualify for the November 2010 ballot .
The other is a $ 11.1 billion water bond measure that was pushed by state lawmakers .
Source : Associated Press ( Wire )
Author : Cathy Bussewitz , Associated Press
Published : Wednesday , March 24 , 2010
Copyright : 2010 The Associated Press
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/gevdP1Lq
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
PRINCETON , NJ -- Americans ' support for the use of nuclear power has inched up to 62 % , establishing a new high .
A majority of Americans have typically favored using nuclear power to provide electricity for the United States since Gallup began asking about this topic in 1994 .
Support has edged up in the last two years , eclipsing 60 % this year for the first time .
In addition , 28 % of Americans now say they " strongly favor " nuclear power , also the highest Gallup has measured since the question was first asked in 1994 .
This year 's results , from a March 4 - 7 Gallup poll , came after President Obama announced federal government loan guarantees to build the first nuclear power plants in the United States in three decades .
Obama 's support for nuclear power apparently has n't done much to change how Democrats view the issue , as a slim majority of 51 % favor it , virtually unchanged from last year .
Most of the increased support for nuclear energy over the past three years has come among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , who have consistently been more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to favor the use of nuclear energy .
Bottom Line
Last year , Gallup documented a significant increase in support for nuclear power , and that upward trend has continued this year .
Although President Obama has announced his support for increased use of nuclear power , Republicans remain significantly more supportive than Democrats .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with a random sample of 1,014 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted March 4 - 7 , 2010 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Hundreds of baby loggerhead turtles were rescued at Redcliffe , north of Brisbane , last night after they streamed along a road instead of heading for the ocean .
Police cordoned off Flinders Parade at Scarborough , while local residents and staff from Australia Zoo helped to gather the small creatures .
One turtle was found dead after failing to reach the ocean .
Resident Trish Simpson lives in the area and says the turtles may have been confused by a bright street light .
" We saw hundreds and hundreds of turtles coming down the road into the BBQ area , " she said .
" It is well lit and that 's where they were congregating and until then I did n't know they followed light and they all followed us into water .
" We lifted the drain and retrieved about 50 out of the drain , then within five minutes there must have been another hundred again .
" It took about an hour to collect them all and see them back to sea . "
Australia Zoo veterinary nurse Anne Cruickshank says it tends to happen when street lights are located too close to a beach .
She says bright lights can be a distraction for the creatures .
" It 's not normal but not unheard of - there have been many cases where little sea turtles rookeries have hatched and they have headed towards street lights in more built - up areas rather than the moon which they should be heading towards , " she said .
" It is something to keep an eye out for and report to either the wildlife hospital or Parks and Wildlife if you do see something like that . "
Here you can see amazing artworks made by artist Mr. Randal D. Boni .
Randal is a wildlife sculpture artist who creates amazing sculptures from wood using chainsaw .
What is for other artists pencil or brush , for Randal is chainsaw .
He uses it to cut impressive masterpieces from wood .
Here you can see a few his sculptures .
He calls him self a wildlife sculpture artist , so the most common motive of his sculptures are wild animals like bears , owls , eagles etc .
We Recommend :
The Holmes Road Incinerator burned all kinds of trash , including , photographer Marc St. Gil claims , automobile batteries and plastic .
It was closed by the Houston mayor 's executive order in January 1974 , two years after this photo was taken .
It is now the site of a prospective brownfield 10 - megawatt solar farm ( .pdf ) .
Photographer Michael Philip Manheim documented the plight of the East Boston neighborhood of Neptune Road .
It was located near Logan Airport and subject to the noise of plane after low - flying plane overhead .
The noise proved too much for the residents .
Jack Corn 's photos of miners in Virginia show the human skill the energy system requires , and the toll it takes , at the ground level .
In this photo , we see workers preparing to go underground at the Virginia - Pocahontas Coal Company Mine # 3 near Richlands , Virginia .
The destruction wrought by coal mining in local communities was another frequent subject of the photographers .
Here , we see Mary Workman , a resident of Steubenville , Ohio .
Workman holds a jar of the water that came up from her well , which she said had been poisoned by the work of the Hanna Coal Company .
There was a social component to the mining life , too .
Here we see some miners relaxing at the Coal City Club in Coal City , West Virginia .
Photographer Corn wrote , " Note that some of them are " hunkering down " rather than sitting .
This is a familiar stance to all miners who use this posture in the mine shafts , which have low ceilings . "
Many of the photos captured the infrastructure necessary to support the large - scale mining and power operations .
Here , we see the coal cars loaded up at the rail yards in Danville , West Virginia .
When Documerica launched , construction of the Trans - Alaska pipeline was just getting underway .
Dennis Cowals headed up to Prudhoe Bay , near where the pipeline would begin , and photographed the local flora and fauna of the area .
Through 2009 , the pipeline has transported 16 billion barrels of oil .
Terry Eiler visited a Navajo reservation and found some ghastly environmental conditions .
Here , rusting old cars are being used as a kind of makeshift dam .
Marc St. Gil 's portraits of daily life in the south central Texan town of Leakey yielded all sort of idiosyncratic characters .
The town was and is 50 miles from anywhere .
The man in this picture went by the name " Woodrow Wilson . "
In a time of turning on and dropping out , there were plenty of young travelers willing to make use of the discards of middle class America .
Here , we see a hobo camp in Denver filled with miscellaneous junk .
In the pollution - choked cities of the day , some Bostonians found solace in Fenway Gardens , a 5 - acre plot of land cut into 425 personal gardens .
The urban farm grew out of the World War II " Victory Garden " program , and remains open to this day .
American resourcefulness was also on full display in the photos .
Here we see a gas station that 's managed from the broken down bus in the background .
Experimental builder and architect Michael Reynolds gained fame in the early ' 70s by building homes out of beer cans filled with dirt .
Here we see one of those " Earthships " in New Mexico .
All kinds of experimental energy - conservation technologies were built in , including the sloping wall at the bottom left , which is a solar heat collector .
The Exide Sundancer was a tiny , 8 - horsepower electric car built by race - car enthusiast Bob McKee .
Photographer Frank Lodge saw these test rides at an energy conference in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
This here is an actual greased - pig competition at the Tennessee Consolidated Coal Company First Annual Picnic near Chattanooga .
It shows the lighter side of coal mining .
Kürzere Wartezeiten beim Sicherheitscheck am Flughafen verheißt ein Projekt der US - amerikanischen Transport Security Agency ( TSA ) , bei dem via Bluetooth die 48 - Bit - MAC - Adressen von Mobiltelefonen , PDAs und anderen mobilen Endgeräten ausgelesen werden .
Ein US - amerikanisches Forscherteam der Purdue Universität hat nach Informationen von USA Today im vergangenen Jahr einen Monat lange die Zeiten aufgezeichnet , die Fluggäste benötigten , um durch den Sicherheitscheck am Flughafen Indianapolis zu gelangen .
Die Ermittlung der Wartezeiten soll , würde das System dauerhaft eingeführt , Passagieren genauere Planung ihres Check-ins am Flughafen ermöglichen ; außerdem könnte es den Flughafenbetreibern flexiblen Einsatz ihres Sicherheitspersonals dort erlauben , wo zu einer bestimmten Zeit der größte Bedarf ist .
Bürgerrechtsorganisationen in den USA warnen , dass die flächendeckende Installation der Bluetooth - Antennen durch die TSA missbraucht werden könnte .
Auch am Londoner Flughafen Heathrow werde an solchen Systemen gearbeitet , teilte Professor Darcy Bullock , ein Mitglied des Purdue - Forscherteams , auf Anfrage von heise online mit .
Für den Flughafen Heathrow hat eine Flughafensprecherin entsprechende Pläne gegenüber USA Today bestätigt .
Bullocks Fingerzeig auf den Flughafen Frankfurt widersprach dagegen ein Sprecher der Fraport AG .
Auch bei der Bundespolizeidirektion am Flughafen gebe es derzeit keine konkreten Schritte in diese Richtung , sagte der Fraport - Sprecher gegenüber heise online .
Bullock nannte die am Flughafen Indianapolis aufgezeichneten Wartezeiten ( PDF Datei ) kein großes Problem .
Im Durchschnitt bräuchten die Passagiere dort nur 15 Minuten , zu Spitzenzeiten bis zu 25 Minuten .
Allerdings sehe dies an anderen Flughäfen in den USA und auch in Europa anders aus .
Bessere Informationen vorab könnten einerseits den Fluggästen bei ihrer Planung , andererseits den Behörden bei Entscheidungen über die Personaldecke helfen .
Im Februar , erklärte Bullock , habe er etwa am Frankfurter Flughafen eine Stunde gebraucht , um durch die Sicherheitskontrolle zu kommen .
Wenig später seien zwar doppelt so viele Schleusen besetzt , dafür aber kaum noch Passagiere unterwegs gewesen .
Datenschutzbedenken habe man im Projekt Rechnung getragen , in dem die MAC - Adressen gekürzt wurden .
Jeweils drei Ziffern seien bei den im Rahmen des Pilotprojekts aufgezeichneten 2 Millionen Datensätzen sofort gestrichen worden .
Künftig könnten auch Hashwerte der MAC - Adressen anstelle der verkürzten Klarnummern genutzt werden .
Im übrigen könne das Datum im Verlauf " weniger Stunden " gelöscht werden , nachdem der Fluggast zweimal erfasst wurde .
Es genüge , lediglich die anonymisierten Wartezeiten zu archivieren .
Bullock nannte den Datenschutz wichtig , " ich glaube aber , man kann diesen Bedenken Rechnung tragen " .
Mehrere Bürgerrechtsorganisationen in den USA meldeten sich unmittelbar nach Bekanntwerden zu dem Projekt .
Zwar würdigte Marc Rotenberg vom Electronic Privacy Information Center die Datenschutzmaßnahmen .
Er sagte aber auch , er befürchte , dass die Art und Weise der Nutzung eines solchen Systems ausgeweitet werden könne .
Die US - Forscher entwerfen in ihren Studien bereits Möglichkeiten , den Reiseweg nicht erst am Flughafen , sondern bereits auf zuführenden Straßen zu erfassen .
Eine erste Studie zum Auslesen von per Bluetooth erkennbaren MAC - Adressen von Mobiltelefonen , GPS - Endgeräten , MP3 - Playern , Hör - und anderen Geräten von Autofahrern hat Bullocks Kollege Jason Wasson bereits 2008 im Großraum Indianapolis ( PDF - Datei ) gemacht .
Aufgezeichnete Geschwindigkeitsüberschreitungen wurden dabei in der Statistik ausgemerzt .
Erfasst werden konnten übrigens sowohl am Flughafen wie auch auf den Straßen maximal 10 bis 12 Prozent aller Geräte .
Am unbeobachtetsten reist , wer seine Geräte " still " schaltet ( also Bluetooth unterbindet ) oder ganz ohne Gerät mit Bluetooth - Unterstützung reist . ( jk )
It 's been a long time coming , but Blizzard Entertainment finally released the StarCraft II beta last week .
Wired.com got hold of an invite and proceeded to put the game through its paces .
I expected to have a rough time of it , considering StarCraft 's reputation for incredibly complex high - level play .
Released in 1998 , the original StarCraft is one of the most influential entries in the real - time strategy genre and one of the best - selling PC games of all time .
It 's still so popular that it 's played by professional competitors in Korea and elsewhere .
Blizzard 's stated goal is to make the sequel , 12 years in the making , much more welcoming to real - time strategy newcomers .
That 's exactly what it 's done .
And I know , because that 's what I am .
I have almost no experience with StarCraft and very little experience with the RTS genre in general .
My lack of RTS experience can be explained entirely by the fact that I always felt the genre was beyond me , because of the ungodly speed at which players need to react to events and carry out strategies in order to succeed .
But Blizzard is aware that there are players like me out there : Players who are interested in getting into an RTS game , but keep getting scared away .
Blizzard has completely revamped its ubiquitous online gaming infrastructure , Battle.net , and come up with a system that welcomes RTS newbies with open arms .
The new Battle.net , which will be carried over to Blizzard 's upcoming games World of Warcraft : Cataclysm and Diablo III , is linked to every single part of StarCraft II in a manner similar to Steam or Xbox Live .
As soon as you start the game , you 're prompted to log in to Battle .
net .
From there , all your gameplay stats , like the amount of time you 've spent playing or your win / loss ratio , are constantly tracked and kept up - to - date .
You can also check the profiles of friends you 've added and check how they 're doing .
The first time you start StarCraft II , you are asked to choose which skill class you fall into , ranging from novice to veteran .
The game then puts you through five placement matches , using the data from these to match you up with players of similar skill level .
This alone alleviates a lot of the stress that comes from getting in over your head against an opponent who is much better at the game than you are .
Furthermore , whenever you finish a match , a video replay of that match is automatically saved , and you can view it anytime you wish .
These replays allow you to view the match from your own perspective as well as your opponent 's , allowing you to get a comprehensive view of how the match went down .
If you are not very good at the game , the replays are a great tool to see where you went wrong .
However , the fact that you can only view replays while the game is running is a bummer .
Uploading videos to YouTube or another video - sharing site requires a third - party recording application .
The StarCraft II beta does not include a tutorial , but the basics are easy enough to learn .
When you 're in the middle of a game , you can bring up a Tech Tree and a list of units .
These let you learn about the different units found within the game , as well as what upgrades they can receive .
The game features quite a few new units , too , so StarCraft vets will likely appreciate this just as much as newbies will .
The new units seem to be the only area in which experienced and beginner players are on the same page , mainly because no one has yet learned how to use them effectively .
So far , clever usage of the Zerg Baneling , a unit that can be thought of as exploding Zerglings , has been proven to produce hilarious results .
One of the most exciting features of the new Battle .
net is its excellent custom map support .
When the editor becomes available , anyone will be able to make maps and upload them to the servers , where they can be downloaded by anyone .
Right now , only official maps made by Blizzard are available , but if the process currently in place is any indication , then getting player - made custom maps will be quite simple .
Blizzard has gone to great lengths to make sure StarCraft II is accessible to newcomers while still appealing to the professional gamer .
Judging from my experience in the beta so far , I 'd say they 've succeeded in at least half that .
Screenshots courtesy Blizzard Entertainment
See Also :
Fathers now have the opportunity to share time off
Many fathers are unaware of their paternity rights , according to the government as it starts a new awareness campaign for dads .
A small survey of 560 fathers found that a fifth were not sure whether their employer offered flexible working arrangements .
From April 2011 , new mothers can transfer the second half of their year - long maternity leave to the father .
But a recent survey suggested many fathers could not afford the time off .
Rights
The law states that fathers are entitled to two weeks ' paid paternity leave , paid at £ 123.06 a week , if they have at least 26 weeks ' service with their employer by the 15th week before the baby is due .
Expectant fathers should tell their employer about taking paternity leave by the 15th week before the baby is due .
They can take up to 13 weeks of unpaid leave until their child is five years old Many businesses offer extra flexible working arrangements to fathers , which dads can request .
Now the government is running a month - long campaign with leaflets and posters explaining fathers ' rights .
" We know that rights for dads at work are valued by people and that businesses also see real benefits in offering them , but our research shows that there are still some dads out there that are not aware of what they are entitled to and therefore risk missing out , " said Employment Relations Minister Lord Young .
" Our campaign is all about making sure dads know what they can do and to help them have more confidence as they weigh up what works best for them and their family .
The key is to talk to their employer . "
Pay plans
In October , a Equality and Human Rights Commission survey found that almost half of working fathers did not take their right to two weeks ' statutory paternity leave because they could not afford to .
The Commission said paternity pay should be increased from the statutory £ 123 a week to 90 % of fathers ' actual pay .
In January , the government announced a parents ' leave plan that would mean if a mother returns to work , the father could take six months off with half of the period paid at £ 123.06 week .
The Conservatives said the plans , which were first set out in 2004 , had been repeatedly postponed and trailed behind their own proposals .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Flying to New York ?
Then why not go by luxury airship ( but it will take you 37 hours )
Towering , kite - shaped airships could herald a new era of luxury transport following today 's introduction of the Aircruise concept .
Standing 98ft taller than Canary Wharf , packing 330,000 cubic metres of hydrogen gas and capable of lifting 396 tonnes , the Aircruise concept features penthouse apartments , bars and even dizzying glass viewing floors .
Aircruise was created as the antithesis of a hurried , crowded passenger jet .
London - based design and innovation company Seymourpowell wanted to rethink transport - on the premise ' slow is the new fast ' .
It could ferry 100 people from London to New York in a leisurely 37 hours as opposed to the seven it takes now by airplane .
Scroll down to see video
[ caption ]
Here , the kite - like airship comes to rest on a landing pad .
It can fly at a maximum altitude of 12,000 ft but if there are specific locations of interest en route , the ship can drop down to within a few hundred feet of the ground
[ caption ]
Silent and pollution free , the Aircruise combines solar power with a primary hydrogen drive for a cruising speed of around 90 mph .
It can fly up to a maximum of 12,000 ft but if there are specific areas of interest en route it can drop down to a few hundred feet .
Seymourpowell design director Nick Talbot said : ' The Aircruise concept questions whether the future of luxury travel should be based around space - constrained , resource - hungry , and all too often stressful airline travel . '
He said the Aircruise straddles the line between a cruise ship and a floating hotel .
Mr Talbot explained : ' In a world where speed is an almost universal obsession , the idea of making a leisurely journey in comfort is a welcome contrast . '
Airships had their heyday in the 1930s with the famous German zeppelins .
However , new technology has made them increasingly attractive from an environmental standpoint .
LET'S GO FLY A KITE ...
Height : 265 m , from docking rig at the base to the tip Volume of airship 's ' main envelope ' : 330,000 cubic metres Primary structure , envelope and systems : 270 tons ( same weight as an airbus A380 super jumbo ) Consumables , water , ballast : 20 tons Max number of people on board : 100 Max altitude it can fly at : 12,000 ft .
Crew : Six , including two flight engineers Support staff : 14 to look after passengers
Theoretically , it could ferry 100 people from London to New York in a leisurely 37 hours or from Los Angeles to Shanghai in just under four days .
Seymourpowell 's early Aircruise designs attracted the attention of Korean giant Samsung Construction and Trading ( C&T ) - the primary contractor of the tallest man-made structure the Burj Khalifa in Dubai - who commissioned Seymourpowell to produce a detailed computer animation .
Seung Min Kim , design director at Samsung , said : ' This was a dream concept project for us , helping to realise a future of sustainable buildings combined with innovative and luxury lifestyle .
' In an age when environmental impact is a key consideration for architecture , we are keen to extend this vision of the future by searching for solutions that can be realised by 2015 - the year that many futurologists foresee as the turning point for the future . '
Technological advances mean lightweight , semi- flexible structures can now be built on a big scale .
Although large , this is nevertheless a semi- rigid ship , the main structure consisting of eight vertical , composite lattices supporting four main flexible envelopes , which contain 330,000 cubic metres of hydrogen gas .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Lower decks are ' hung ' off these primary supports .
Each of the four external envelopes contains modular self - sealing lifting bags , minimising the incidence of bag rupture and ensuring safe flight even with a major external skin rupture .
Hydrogen , the lightest gas , is used as the lifting gas , and is capable of lifting around 1.2Kg per cubic metre of volume .
Large Polymer Electrolyte Membrane ( PEM ) hydrogen fuel cells will provide on board power and some drinking water .
These fuel cells are the type typically used in cars .
A PEM fuel cell uses hydrogen fuel and oxygen from the air to produce electricity .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
SYDNEY , Australia —
In 1993 , a large - cell carcinoma was found in Australian woman Kathleen Evans ' right lung .
Following further medical examination , a secondary tumor was discovered in her brain .
The Australian mother of five was given a grim diagnosis : two months to live .
She was beyond chemotherapy , and radiotherapy would have extended her life by a couple of weeks at best .
Evans , a devout Catholic who was then 49 and a reformed smoker , decided to forgo the radiotherapy .
Instead , she prayed .
Then a friend gave her a picture of Mary MacKillop , the Australian nun much - revered since her death in 1909 .
A piece of Mackillop ’s clothing was attached to the back of the image and Evans wore it on her nightgown .
Her family and friends also prayed to Mary Mackillop , and after gaining enough strength Evans attended a two - week prayer retreat .
To her doctor 's surprise , four months later Evans was still alive .
And three months after that , X - rays confirmed that her cancer had vanished .
Its disappearance remains unexplained .
Evans , now 66 with 20 grandchildren from five children , has only been known by name since this January .
Before then , she was referred to only by a case name : " Mary Mackillop 's second miracle , " the one necessary to secure the nun ’s promotion to sainthood .
In December 2009 , the case was officially recognized by Pope Benedict XVI as the second miracle that could be attributed to Mackillop .
And on Feb. 19 to the rapture of Australia 's 5 million Catholics he announced that she would be canonized in October .
Australia 's Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , raised Catholic , lauded the declaration of Australia ’s first Saint as “ deeply significant ... for all Australians whether of Catholic faith or not . ”
Mackillop ’s image now adorns a series of souvenir stamps , believers who claim that she helped them are speaking out and spiritual tourism to significant places from her biography is on the rise .
Despite Australia ’s reputation as a secular nation , Mary and her miracles have been greeted with little skepticism , and there 's no shortage of social commentators voicing their concerns .
“ It 's as if we 've taken off our modern thinking caps and gone all medieval , ” wrote Philip Almond , a professor of religion at The University of Queensland , in The Australian newspaper .
Almond described the nation ’s muted reaction as “ the propensity of a generally skeptical and pretty irreligious Australian press and public thus far to have uncritically endorsed , without more than a moment 's reflection , that miracles can happen . ”
Carole Cusack , an associate professor of studies in religion at the University of Sydney , said meantime that the public ’s willingness to embrace Mackillop ’s sainthood had little to do with religion .
Rather , it was a “ pop- culture phenomenon . ”
“ A lot of Australians are n’t interested in sport , but will watch the Olympics .
Australians that are n’t particularly patriotic will go to a barbecue on Australia Day , ” said Cusack .
“ It ’s a bit like Vegemite — we like to celebrate things that are Australian , even if it does n’t completely align with our tastes . ”
Mackillop was born to Scottish migrants , in Melbourne , in 1842 .
She was the eldest of eight and helped support her large family by working as a governess .
An appreciation of education led her to dedicate her life to teaching children in remote areas .
In 1866 , she founded a school in an abandoned stable in Penola , South Australia , where she was joined by several more women .
The group came to be known as the Congregation of the Sisters St. Joseph .
Another 117 more schools were established under their name during Mackillop ’s lifetime .
In 1871 , a disagreement with ecclesiastical authorities led to her excommunication , but the bishop who accused her of insubordination renounced the sentence .
She died in 1909 .
Just 16 years later , the first calls for canonization were made .
Speaking to the theory of “ pop - culture phenomenon , ” Neil Ormerod , a professor of theology at the Australian Catholic University , said : “ She is an affirmation of the form of Catholicism that has developed in Australia . ”
He continued : “ She had an affiliation with the bush , support of the underdog and she clashed with authority .
These are all strong themes that Australians can relate to . ”
Popularity is one thing , but to win favor with the Vatican and achieve sainthood at least two miracles need to be cleared , first by medical bodies and later by religious authorities .
The process can take years .
It begins with an investigation of the potential saint , usually conducted by a bishop or nun belonging to the candidate ’s diocese .
This postulator searches for evidence of the candidate 's role in a miracle .
Once a possible miracle has been identified , scientific experts must conclude that the event could not possibly be explained by scientific means alone .
This evidence is presented to a theologian , who also combs through the writing and activities that took place in the candidate ’s lifetime .
MacKillop “ has to have led an exemplary life , ” said Ormerod .
“ There was some controversy in parts of her life , there were controversial rumors that she had a drinking problem , but they were unsubstantiated . ”
The accumulated information is then submitted to an authority in the Vatican , and the decision rests in their hands .
MacKillop 's first supposed miracle took place in 1961 , when a 23 - year - old leukemia - stricken woman , given less than a month to live , prayed to MacKillop and recovered .
The 72 - year - old who remains anonymous , went on to have six children .
Thirty - four years later Mackillop was beatified , but until Evans came along she languished one miracle away from being a full saint .
Lady Gaga plans to wear a fake penis on stage .
The ' Bad Romance ' singer - who has been dogged by speculation she has had a sex change or has both sets of genitals - can understand where rumours she is a hermaphrodite have come from and plans to make fun of them in an " artistic " way .
The 23 - year - old star said : " I want to wear a d**k strapped to my vagina .
We all know that one of the biggest talking points of the year was that I have a d**k , so why not give them what they want ?
" I also carry myself onstage in a masculine way and sing in a low register .
This is not of nowhere , right ?
" I want to comment on that in a beautiful , artistic way .
How I wanna show it .
And I want to call this piece ' Lady Gaga Dies Hard ' .
Come on , come see me try to persuade everyone to let me wear a penis . "
The controversial star - who is well known for her outlandish stunts and outrageous outfits - also blasted contradictory attitudes to sexuality , which let men be more vocal about their conquests than women .
She told Q magazine : " When a guy says , ' Oh I f** *ed all these chicks this week ' , there 's a high - five and giggling .
But when a woman does it and its publicised or she 's open about her sexuality or she 's free or liberated , it 's ' Oh , she must have a d**k ' .
There 's a threat . "
I 'd like to announce the public debut of a service I 've been working on .
Among other things , it provides " cloud hosting " for web applications written in Ur / Web , a domain - specific functional language for " Web 2.0 programming . "
http://www.graftid.com/
This service ( called Graftid ) also enables communities of developers to work together to build tools that non-programmers can use to build customized web sites quickly .
Anyone can upload a site - generator GUI , which is implemented in Ur / Web and also generates Ur / Web code , based on what a user enters into the GUI .
Everything is statically - typed , and it 's possible to use combinators to minimize the cost of building a new GUI .
Every GUI inherits a platform for automatic deployment of applications , without the need to write a line of code that has a server - side side effect .
I 'm looking for curious folks who might like to put this platform through its paces , finding bugs , security - oriented and otherwise .
I hope that many LtU readers will find this a very pleasant platform for building buzzword - compliant web apps , without the need to learn much about the buzzwords and their associated technologies . :)
I also have a related question that I thought I 'd include with this post :
We 're all used to encapsulation for examples like data structures : a class or module " owns " a representation , and the representation may only be accessed by going through the class or module 's published interface .
Ur / Web extends this facility to let you code a module that owns a cookie , a database table , a subtree of the client - side DOM for a particular page rendering , etc. .
Think " Facebook apps " with static enforcement of which app may touch which resource , but without the need for any dynamic enforcement , and with the possibility for running all the apps on the same server ; we just combine first - class web app pieces with standard encapsulation techniques .
Does anyone know of any other systems that allow this ?
Has the desirability of this facility been articulated somewhere ?
Scourge of the Indian Ocean ( Image : Mohamed Dahir / AFP / Getty Images )
SOMALI pirates terrorising the Indian Ocean are a hazard to more than shipping and tourists .
They are also killing important scientific research and may be indirectly damaging the ocean ’s ecosystem .
Fishing boats in the Indian Ocean routinely carry scientists who gather data about fish stocks and threatened species while ensuring that boats comply with fishing rules .
The piracy threat has put a stop to that .
“ We ca n’t monitor and we ca n’t do experiments because of the pirates , ” says Laurent Dagorn of France ’s Research Institute for Development ( IRD ) .
Boats now carry …
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Cnemaspis neangthyi reveals itself
A new and extremely well camouflaged species of gecko has been discovered hiding in the forests of Cambodia .
Scientists working for Fauna & Flora International found the olive - green coloured gecko in the foothills of the Cardomom Mountains .
Called Cnemaspis neangthyi , the gecko is only the second species of its kind known to live in the country .
Scientists suspect it has lain hidden for so long due to its camouflage and habit of foraging in rocky crevices .
The new species was found during a reptile and amphibian survey led in June 2007 by Dr Lee Grismer of La Sierra University in Riverside , California , US and conservation organisation Fauna and Flora International ( FFI ) .
Since then , scientific studies have revealed it to be a species new to science , due to its unique combination of colour pattern and scale characteristics .
There are currently 75 species of Cnemapsis known to science , of which 30 live in South East Asia , with only one other species present in Cambodia .
They have a relatively ancient body plan characterised by a broad flattened head , large forward and upward directed eyes , flattened body , long widely splayed limbs , and long inflected digits that help them to climb trees and rock faces and seek refuge within crevices .
Cnemaspis are diurnal species that usually go unnoticed because of their cryptic coloration and habit of foraging on the shaded surfaces of trees and overhanging rock faces .
Cnemaspis neangthyi was found living in the rocky foothills of Cambodia 's Cardamom Mountains , and is thought to live nowhere else .
The new species is olive - green with light coloured blotches containing a central black dot .
It also has a distinct light green chevron marking on its nape and a head with a distinct black parietal spot and radiating black lines extending from its eyes .
Its digits also have light yellow and black bands .
The Cardomom Mountains support one the largest and mostly unexplored forest regions in southeast Asia , which are thought to shelter at least 62 globally threatened animal and 17 globally threatened tree species , many of which are endemic to Cambodia .
Mukachevo , the second largest city of the Zakarpattia region , is located on the Latorica River , 41 km south - east of Uzhhorod .
It is the administrative center of the Mukachevo district , an important industrial and cultural center of the region .
Local time in Mukachevo city is October 1 , 7:20 am ( +2 UTC ) .
Mukachevo history
Mukachevo in the Middle Ages
The exact date of the founding of Mukachevo is unknown .
In the 6th - 9th centuries , there were several Slavic settlements here .
The first written mention was made in the chronicle of Gesta Hungarorum ( The Deeds of the Hungarians ) created at the end of the 12th century .
It referred to the migration of Hungarian nomadic tribes through the Carpathians in 896-903 and mentioned Mukachevo as a settlement under the name Muncas .
It can be assumed that it appeared as a military fortification and settlement of the East Slavic tribe of White Croats in the 870 - 880s .
By 903 , the Hungarians captured all major Transcarpathian fortresses including Muncas and settled on this territory .
In 1086 , after the devastating invasion of the Polovtsians led by Kutec Khan , the Hungarian King Ladislaus I completed construction of a fortress with stone walls on Castle Hill to protect the region from frequent attacks made by the Polovtsians from Galicia .
In 1241 , Mukachevo was devastated during the invasion of the Mongols led by Batu Khan .
Only mountains and forests saved the local population from physical extermination .
After the Mongols left the area , the Mukachevo Castle was significantly strengthened .
In 1281 , Prince Leo I of Galicia , who reigned in the Galicia lands , for some time extended his influence on the part of Transcarpathia that included Mukachevo .
After the death of the prince in 1301 , the settlement was part of the Galicia - Volyn principality .
However , in 1321 , the settlement was again annexed to Hungary .
More Historical Facts …
In 1339 , the Mukachevo Castle was expanded , a moat was built around it and on the inner side of the moat a palisade was built ( in Hungarian it was called “ palank ” - hence one of the present names of the castle - the Palanok Castle ) .
Simultaneously with the strengthening of the role of the Mukachevo Castle , as an important military and strategic point guarding the borders of Hungary in the northeast , the importance of Mukachevo as a settlement located at the crossroads of important trade routes grew too .
In 1376 , Mukachevo became a town - the first in Transcarpathia , which contributed to its development and rapid transformation into a large trade , economic , and administrative center of the region .
From the end of the 14th century , Mukachevo became the center of the principality of the Podolia prince Fedir Koriatovych .
In 1396 - 1414 , he significantly increased its importance , promoted the development of trade and crafts , carried out a radical reconstruction of the castle and turned it into a powerful defensive structure .
In 1445 , Mukachevo received the Magdeburg right .
In 1526 , after the defeat of Hungary from the Ottoman Turks in the Battle of Mohacs , Mukachevo became the property of the Transylvanian princes ( the Turkish vassals ) .
Mukachevo in the 16th - 19th centuries
From the middle of the 16th century , Mukachevo and its surroundings became the object of constant clashes between the Habsburgs and the Transylvanian princes .
In 1648 - 1649 , the representatives of Hetman Bohdan Khmelnytsky visited Mukachevo and negotiated about joint actions against Poland .
In 1656 , a treaty of friendship and mutual assistance was signed .
In the summer of 1657 , the Poles , as revenge for such actions , looted and burned the town and the castle .
At the turn of the 17th - 18th centuries , Mukachevo was one of the key strongholds of the Hungarian national liberation movement .
In 1711 , according to the Satmar Peace Treaty , the town passed under the control of the Habsburgs .
After the fall of the Bastille , Mukachevo Castle became an all - European political prison .
Many famous revolutionaries were imprisoned in it , in particular , the national hero of the Greek people Alexander Ypsilantis ( 1821-1823 ) .
In 1848 - 1849 , Transcarpathia supported The Hungarian Revolution of 1848 .
Residents of the town released the prisoners of the Mukachevo Castle .
Volunteer units were formed to fight against Austrian government troops .
The uprising was suppressed with the support of Russian troops .
In 1870 , there were 917 houses in Mukachevo , of which 17 were two - story houses .
The population of the town grew from 9,644 people in 1880 to 16,518 people in 1910 .
In 1886 , with the construction of the railway , Mukachevo was connected with Budapest , Kosice , Lviv .
In general , life in this region was very difficult , as evidenced by the massive emigration of locals in the US , Canada , countries of Latin America .
From 1890 to 1913 , about 100,000 people emigrated from Transcarpathia .
Mukachevo in the 20th century
After the end of the First World War of 1914 - 1918 and the collapse of the Austro - Hungarian Empire , the situation in the region worsened significantly , which led to revolutionary actions and riots .
In 1920 , according to The Treaty of Trianon , Mukachevo , like the entire Subcarpathian Rus , became part of Czechoslovakia .
In 1938 , with the decision of the First Vienna Arbitration , which led to the partitioning of Czechoslovakia , Mukachevo was returned to Hungary , together with the entire territory of Transcarpathia and Uzhhorod .
In April 1944 , after the occupation of Hungary by the German troops , two ghettos for Jews were created in Mukachevo .
In late April - early May 1944 , they were liquidated and the prisoners were deported to Auschwitz .
The Hungarian Jewish community was the last one in Europe to be subjected to deportation .
October 26 , 1944 , Mukachevo was captured by the Red Army .
November 26 , 1944 , the First Congress of People ’s Committees of Transcarpathian Ukraine took place in the town , at which the Manifesto was adopted on the reunification of Transcarpathian Ukraine with Soviet Ukraine as part of the USSR and on leaving the Czechoslovak Republic .
June 29 , 1945 , in Moscow , an agreement was signed between the Soviet Union and the Czechoslovak Republic .
A new period began - the Soviet period in the history of Mukachevo and the region .
The Soviet authorities began the policy of expulsion of the Hungarian population .
During the years of Soviet power , Mukachevo became a significant industrial center .
A special road - building brigade for the construction of highways and bridges on the Mukachevo - Lviv direction was formed in the city .
From 1970 to 1980 , more than 70 kilometers of highways and dozens of bridges were built in difficult mountainous conditions of the Carpathians .
Since 1991 , Mukachevo is part of an independent Ukraine .
On the streets of Mukachevo
Mukachevo architecture Author : Anna Dziuba
Star hotel in Mukachevo Author : Zoltan Boruzs
In the very center of Mukachevo Author : Anna Dziuba
Mukachevo features
Mukachevo is located in the south - western part of the Zakarpattia region of Ukraine .
Due to its very convenient geographical location ( 40 - 50 km from the borders with Hungary and Slovakia , and 90 - 100 km from the borders with Romania and Poland ) , Mukachevo is an important transport hub of several international highways .
The city is crossed by railways : Moscow - Kyiv - Budapest - Belgrade - Rome and Moscow - Kyiv - Bratislava - Prague - Vienna , as well as highways : Kyiv - Budapest - Vienna and Kyiv - Prague .
Until recently , two variants of the name of the city were used in the Ukrainian language : Mukacheve and Mukachevo .
May 23 , 2017 , the name of the city was officially changed from Mukacheve to Mukachevo .
The climate in Mukachevo is moderately continental .
The average temperature in January is minus 2.7 degrees Celsius , in July - plus 20 degrees Celsius .
According to the 2001 census , the national composition of the population of Mukachevo is the following : Ukrainians ( 77.13 % ) , Russians ( 8.97 % ) , Hungarians ( 8.54 % ) , Germans ( 1.95 % ) , Romani ( 1.38 % ) .
The main branches of the local economy are production of furniture , sports equipment , electricity , electrical and electronic equipment ( Flextronics International Ltd. ) , agriculture , and food industry .
Today , Mukachevo is a relatively large European industrial city , in which it was possible to preserve and restore in its original form the building of the city hall , theater and other objects constructed in the late 19th - early 20th centuries .
Here , the architectural heritage of Austria - Hungary and Czechoslovakia has been preserved .
The city has a high tourist potential , both for Ukrainian and foreign tourists .
Ukrainians are attracted here by the Castle of Palanok , St. Nicholas Convent , and the city center with its paved streets and cozy cafes .
Foreign tourists ( mainly Hungarians and Slovaks ) come here to get acquainted with the historical events that took place in this region in the context of the history of their countries .
Local residents mostly rest on the beaches of the Latorica River , as well as in the village of Lisarnya and on the banks of the right tributary of the Latorica River , the Voznitsa River .
The City Day of Mukachevo is celebrated on the last Saturday of May .
Places of interest in Mukachevo
Palanok Castle - an outstanding historical and architectural monument of the 14th - 18th centuries , a patrimonial nest of the Transylvanian princes Rakoczi , and the main attraction of Mukachevo .
The castle , located in the south - western part of the city , was constructed on a hill ( 65 meters ) in several stages .
Since 1993 , a historical museum and an art gallery are housed in the castle .
There is a coffee house , a wine tasting room , souvenir shops .
Kurutsiv Lane .
Opening hours : 09:00 - 18:00 .
Day off : Monday .
Saint Nicholas Convent - the main Orthodox shrine of Mukachevo .
According to one legend , it was founded in the 11h century by the Kyiv monks accompanying Anastasia , the daughter of Yaroslav the Wise , who was married to the Hungarian king .
There are preserved caves and a healing spring .
It was the residence of bishops in 1491 - 1772 .
Stone buildings in the Baroque style were constructed in the 18th - 19th centuries .
In general , it is a well - kept and beautiful place .
Pivnichna Street , 2 .
Myru Square - a cobbled boulevard , which forms the basis of the pedestrian triangle of the tourist zone in the city center .
The dominant feature is the city hall in the Art Nouveau style ( 1906 ) .
At the other end of the square you can see the Cathedral of St. Martin .
Also there is a monument to St. Cyril and Methodius here .
This is a traditional venue for mass events .
St. Martin of Tours Cathedral and Chapel of St. Joseph .
This Catholic cathedral , named after the patron saint of Mukachevo , was built on the site of the old Gothic church in 1904 .
The only preserved original building is the Gothic Chapel of St. Joseph ( the 14th century ) with medieval murals and tombstones .
Myru Street , 2 .
Princes Rakoczi Palace ( White House ) - a monument of palace architecture of the 17th - 18th centuries built in a mixed Renaissance and Baroque style , the former family residence of the Transylvanian princes Rakoczi .
Originally , the walls of the residence were painted white .
Today , the building is occupied by the Children ’s Art School .
Kyryla i Mefodiia Square .
Cathedral of the Pochaiv Icon of the Mother of God .
The unusual architecture and beauty of the cathedral , built in the center of the city 1993 , attract the attention of the guests of Mukachevo .
The facade is made in the form of three large oval arches .
Fedorova Street , 7 .
Honey House - one of the sights of the “ Honey Road of Transcarpathia ” , included in the tourist route “ Sweet Transcarpathia ” .
The museum of honey was opened in 2010 .
The exposition includes a beehive with transparent walls and live bees , beekeeping tools , a collection of toy bees , honey samples from dozens of countries .
Here you can taste Transcarpathian honey , as well as some honey drinks .
Stara Street , 50 .
It is opens by request .
Phone : +38 096 300 57 75 .
Email : medovuj.dim@gmail.com
Best hotels in Mukachevo
Mukachevo , a relatively small city , has quite a number different accommodation options - dozens of hotels , mini-hotels , guesthouses , and apartments .
The following English friendly hotels located in the central part of Mukachevo offer the best level of service according to visitors ’ reviews .
Hotel “ Ferdinand ” - a new hotel and restaurant complex located on the bank of the Latorica River , about 15 minutes walk along the waterfront to the center of Mukachevo .
9 rooms with air conditioning , free Wi-Fi and parking , family rooms , safe , elevator , tour desk , currency exchange , playground , gift shop , beauty salon , restaurant , bar , pets are not allowed .
Universitetska Street 58A .
Phone : +380 66 749 8969 .
Hotel “ Star ” .
The hotel is located on the central square of Mukachevo , in an Art Nouveau building that once belonged to the Austro - Hungarian dynasty von Schoenborn .
From the hotel windows you can see the City Hall and the pedestrian part of the city - the center of cultural life of Mukachevo.
61 rooms with air conditioning , free Wi-Fi and parking , safe , elevator , bar , restaurant , gift shop , shuttle service , pets are not allowed .
Kyryla i Mefodiia Square , 10 - 12 .
Phone : +380 95 100 0170 .
Hotel “ Velure ” - a new hotel located near Mukachevo State University , about 700 meters from the city center .
10 spacious rooms with air conditioning , free Wi-Fi and parking , family rooms , safe , no elevator , bar , restaurant , pets are allowed on request .
Universitetska Street , 7A .
Phone : +380 66 088 3800 .
Report : Phishing Hits All - Time High
Average number of attacks per organization jumped 62 percent in 2009 , social networks more in the bull 's eye
Phishing attacks increased more than 60 percent from 2008 to an all - time high as the number of attacks per organization hit nearly 600 , a new report finds .
MarkMonitor 's 2009 BrandJacking
Index report , released this week , shows 565,502 phishing attacks last year , up 62 percent from 2008 , and attackers have become more targeted given only 33 percent of the victims were first - time phishing targets .
Attacks targeting social networks increased by 376 percent from 2008 , with 11,240 attacks -- about 2 percent of all phishing exploits last year .
Most phishing attacks are hosted in the U.S. -- 44.7 percent , an increase from 36.5 percent in 2008 .
" A lot of the attacks were on large financial organizations ... we also saw that phishing targeting payment services grew , " says Fred Felman , CMO at MarkMonitor .
The attacks are more targeted overall , he says .
" Phishers employ a lot of the same tactics marketing people do , and they monitor statistics , " such as how many email messages they delivered , how many were opened , and how many resulted in click - throughs by the recipients , he says .
" They are targeting emails to folks at bigger institutions .
If you know a bank has 40 million customers , you know the likelihood of your spam email to [ succeed ] is much than with a bank of 20,000 to 30,000 customers . "
Phishing against payment services firms grew 154 percent last year , and attacks on financial brands increased 36 percent , according to MarkMonitor 's report .
Felman says the dramatic jump in phishing has a lot to do with phishers using botnets , especially in fast - flux networks .
And social networks are becoming an attractive mark for phishers : " There 's a treasure trove of data [ in social networks ] , " he says .
Have a comment on this story ?
Please click " Discuss " below .
If you 'd like to contact Dark Reading 's editors directly , send us a message .
Kelly Jackson Higgins is the Executive Editor of Dark Reading .
She is an award - winning veteran technology and business journalist with more than two decades of experience in reporting and editing for various publications , including Network Computing , Secure Enterprise ... View Full Bio
Welcome to our new Home !
FragCast is Currently OFF -AIR
A link for FRAGCAST LIVE ! will appear at the NAV Menu on TOP when the show starts Fragcast is Every Tuesday at 9 PM EST See Previous Episodes and Reviews in the Media Gallery
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
FRAGCAST is a weekly community video talk show and Gaming Blog which talks about the latest news and issues that affect the PC Gaming Community .
We feature live chat with the audience , video content , reviews , debates and have frequent guests from the community and industry .
The show is hosted by 3 very different types of people who all share a love of Games especially FPS Games .
XGuju , the GSP Owner and College Student DreamGirl , the Girl Gamer TriggerPappy , the Old School Gamer ( More like The Old Age Gamer - TurdS )
You can read the detailed profile about each one of us and of all the guests we have had on the show .
Feedback on the show can be left on our blog or forums .
We would love to hear your suggestions for the show on our forums .
Thank
You for listening to our show and please join our community and follow us on Twitter !
We Love You All !
Adelaide is Australia 's festival city .
Its arts festival is currently in swing .
Polite debate , aesthetics and high - octane wine are putting the world to rights .
With one exception .
Adelaide is where Rupert Murdoch began his empire .
The voracious trail starts here .
No statue stands ; his is a spectral presence , controlling the only daily newspaper , even the printing presses .
Across Australia , he owns almost 70 per cent of the capital city press , the only national newspaper , Sky Television , and much else .
Welcome to the world 's first murdochracy .
What is a murdochracy ?
It is where the fealty and augmentation of Murdoch 's editors and managers are undisguised , an inspiration to his choir on seven continents , where even his competitors sing along and wise politicians heed the Murdochism : " What 'll it be ?
A headline a day or a bucket of shit a day ? "
While the veracity of this celebrated remark is sometimes disputed , its spirit is not .
Stricken with pneumonia , the former prime minister John Howard dragged himself out of bed to pay obeisance to the man to whom he owed many empty buckets .
His successor , Kevin Rudd , scurried to an obligatory audience with Murdoch in New York mere months to his election .
This is standard across the planet .
Before he took power , Tony Blair was flown to an island off Queensland to stand at the blue News Corp lectern and pledge Thatcherism and media de-regulation to the jowled figure nodding in the front row .
The next day , the Sun lauded Blair as one who " has vision [ and ] speaks our language on morality and family life " .
Whitewash
Murdoch knows that little separates the main political parties in Australia , Britain and America .
He plays the man .
In 1972 , he backed Australia 's Gough Whitlam , who revealed himself to be a radical reformer .
A furious Murdoch swung his newspapers against Whitlam with stories so outrageously skewed that rebellious journalists on the Australian burned their paper in the street .
That has never been repeated .
Dominant themes in the Australian murdochracy , sport and celebrity gossip aside , are the promotion of war and jingoism , US foreign policy , Israel and a paternalism towards Aborigines , the world 's most impoverished indigenous group , according to the UN .
This antiquated cold warring is not entirely due to the Murdoch press , but the agenda is .
When the Indonesian tyrant General Suharto was about to be overthrown by his own people , the then editor - in - chief of the Australian , Paul Kelly , led a delegation of editors of most of Australia 's principal newspapers to Jakarta .
With Kelly at his side , this mass murderer , whom the Australian promoted as a " moderate " , accepted the tribute of each .
Murdoch 's most unabashed , if entertaining , retainer is Greg Sheridan , foreign editor of the Australian .
On one his adoring trips to the US , Sheridan wrote : " The US is the greatest possible argument for media deregulation .
Every morning , I flick between Fox , CNN and MSNBC as I eat my cereal . . . why did it take so long for pay TV to get to Australia ? "
He was referring , as if instinctively , to his master 's company Foxtel .
As for terrorism , Sheridan blames " Pilgerist Chomskyism " for " ideologically fuelling the followers of Osama Bin Lenin , sorry Laden " .
One of the most effective campaigns in the Australian murdochracy has been the whitewashing of a bloody colonial past , including attacks on the distinguished chronicler of the Aboriginal genocide Henry Reynolds and the former director of the National Museum of Australia Dawn Casey , for having dared to present the truth about indigenous suffering .
The late Manning Clark , Australia 's great maverick historian , was smeared by Murdoch 's Courier - Mail as a red agent , then as a fraud , in much the style that Murdoch 's Sunday Times smeared Michael Foot as a Soviet agent .
World domination
Something similar awaits those who question the manipulation of the remembrance of Australia 's blood sacrifice for imperialism , old and new .
Aimed at the young , a maudlin " new patriotism " reaches an annual climax on 25 April , the anniversary of the disaster at Gallipoli known as Anzac Day .
The message is undisguised militarism promoting the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq .
Thus , Prime Minister Rudd says , absurdly , that the military is Australia 's highest calling .
Such false flags are flown for Israel , which sees a stream of Australian journalists sponsored and paid for by Zionist groups .
The result is apologetic reporting of murderous actions that evokes the great appeasers such as Geoffrey Dawson , editor of the Times , in the 1930s .
The debate about state war crimes has all but bypassed Australia .
That a former and current British prime minister have been summoned before the Chilcot inquiry is viewed with bemusement , as nothing like it would happen here .
Yet Howard , who also invaded Iraq , claimed 30 times in one speech that he knew Saddam Hussein had a " massive programme " of weapons of mass destruction .
The national broadcaster , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , has long been intimidated by the Murdoch press in the obsessive manner of the campaign waged against the BBC .
Funded directly by governments , the ABC has none of the nominal independence afforded by a licence fee .
Last year , HarperCollins , owned by Murdoch , was awarded a lucrative " partnership " with ABC Books .
In 1983 , there were 50 major corporations dominating the world 's media .
By 2002 , this had been reduced to nine .
Rupert Murdoch says that eventually there will be three , including his own .
If we accept this , media and information control will be the same , and we all shall be citizens of a murdochracy .
PITTSBURGH —
In the 1950s , the East Liberty neighborhood five miles east of downtown was Pennsylvania ’s third - largest shopping district , behind Center City Philadelphia and downtown Pittsburgh , with more than 500 local businesses and a population of 14,000 .
The suburbs began to draw residents from the densely populated area in the late 1950s , however , and urban renewal schemes like high - rise public housing and ring roads were enacted to stem the flight .
Instead , they drove the area into a 40 - year coma .
By the 1980s East Liberty had lost more than one million square feet of commercial space and half its population .
Now , two recent major commercial developments have begun to put a still - poor neighborhood back on its feet .
New design standards have restored the traditional urban street grid to attract shoppers to national retailers , and a third office and retail project , a converted Nabisco bakery , has landed Google as an anchor tenant .
“ Urban renewal has been a recurring theme in East Liberty for the past 50 years , ” said Sabina Deitrick , a co-director of the Urban and Regional Analysis Program at the University of Pittsburgh .
Yet even as East Liberty foundered , nearby residential districts retained their attractive features .
The adjoining neighborhoods of Highland Park , Shadyside and Friendship contain the city ’s wealthiest and best - educated households , with an average income of more than $ 81,000 a year .
American craft breweries like to turn up the volume .
While they 've produced some truly great traditional porters , breweries all over the country have also been busy experimenting with high - octane Imperial Porters .
Imperial beers are high - impact variations on traditional styles .
Imperial porters are full bodied , with tons of rich malt and high alcohol levels .
They are brewed with dark - roasted barley , which can add a bitter punch .
Some include a generous helping of hops .
( American Imperial porters are differentiated from Baltic porters by the addition of fragrant hops and dark - roasted malt , as well as the fact that Baltic porters are usually lagers , not ales , but the line is a little fuzzy and some use the category names interchangeably . )
While these potent beers wo n't be everyone 's favorite style , we found quite a few tasty examples in our roundup .
Serious Beer Ratings *****
Our new favorite ****
Awesome , worth remembering ***
We 'd consider buying this again **
There are probably better options *
No , thanks , I 'll have water .
Ratings are subject to personal taste .
Our Imperial Porter Picks
Tyranena Dirty Old Man Wisconsin , 7.9 % ABV
Part of the batch of this Imperial rye porter is aged in rye whiskey barrels , but we did n't find this overly boozy tasting .
It 's rich and dry , with smoke and vegetal notes — we were reminded of well charred steak and green peppers .
There 's a hint of cinnamon and clove here , but it 's not very sweet and quite drinkable .
Several tasters named this their favorite of the bunch .
****1/2
Long Trail Brewmaster Series Imperial Porter Vermont , 8.3 % ABV
This beer smells a little like wet leaves .
It seems perfect for the style — like a traditional porter , but with a little more oomph .
Floral hops , chocolate notes , and smooth malt balance well with coffee and chicory flavors .
This is a beer worth tracking down .
****1/2
Full Sail Top Sail Imperial Porter Oregon , 9.85 % ABV
This bourbon - barrel aged porter is silky and chocolaty with some musty walnut and maple flavors .
The scent reminded us of port and expensive leather , vanilla and wheat .
Though some found it a little syrupy , we felt like the hoppy edge keeps this beer in balance .
****
Flying Dog Gonzo Imperial Porter Maryland , 9.2 % ABV
We could smell the alcohol in this dry Imperial porter from several inches away , but we enjoyed its full roasty flavor .
We tasted rich malted milk , cinnamon , and caramel , with substantial earthiness .
Grapefruity hops offer a herbal note that make the roasted finish a little bitter .
***1/2
A Few Others We Tried
Ballast Point Victory at Sea Coffee Vanilla Imperial Porter California , 10 % ABV
With a heavy vanilla perfume and Kahlua - milkshake flavor , this beer is a good dessert substitute .
It 's creamy and quite sweet , but has a hoppiness that keeps it from being too syrupy .
We were impressed how bold the coffee flavor was — this beer does n't have the diluted canned - coffee flavor of many coffee - flavored brews .
While it was too sweet for us to drink much of , you might be a fan .
***
Southhampton Imperial Porter New York , 7.2 % ABV
This beer reminded us of molasses and sweetened coffee , but was n't quite as richly flavored as we hoped .
We tasted a hint of toffee and milk chocolate with a tart cherry edge .
It has mineral notes and a slightly ashy finish .
***
Shipyard Imperial Porter ( Pugsley 's Signature Series ) Maine , 7.1 % ABV
This very dry beer had flavors of dry cocoa powder , earthy blue cheese , and pumpernickel bread .
This scent is a little musty .
We noted a hint of cardamom in the finish , but some tasters thought there was something metallic in the flavor .
***
Ska Nefarious Ten Pin Colorado , 8 % ABV
This slightly fruity porter had a hint of sour cherry and dry wood , yeast and wheat germ .
It 's a bit lighter than the others — one taster was reminded of flat Coke .
This beer hides its alcohol level well .
Some tasters found the musty scent a little off - putting .
***
Disclosure : All beers except the Gonzo and the Southampton were review samples .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Martin Heidegger was born in the small town of Messkirch on the edge of the Black Forest in 1889 , a few months after Nietzsche rushed across the Piazza Carlo Alberto in Turin , threw his arms around a cab - horse , and never came out of the embrace .
This conjuncture was to be an important one for the young Heidegger ; he saw a line of continuity in the idea that he came into the world as Nietzsche ’s reason left it .
Heidegger would go on to compare philosophical communication as speaking from mountain top to mountain top , and Nietzsche , in his Alpine seclusion , was , for him , the nearest peak .
As had been the case for Nietzsche growing up in a different corner of provincial Germany , it did n’t take long for Heidegger and those around him to recognize his brilliance .
He excelled in all areas , from math to Greek , theology to physics , and the choice was open to him .
His staunchly Catholic family favored theology ; he chose philosophy .
When he completed his studies , he moved to the picturesque university town of Freiburg im Breisgau in a different part of the Black Forest to work with Edmund Husserl , the founder of a new school of philosophy : phenomenology .
Husserl felt that it did not suffice to examine the abstractions and to trace the contours of the conceptual systems of such thinkers as Leibniz and Hegel .
For him , a philosopher worthy of the name needed to examine more closely how one arrived at such abstractions through how one experienced individual phenomena .
And how one arrived at ideas and conceptual systems was through the thousand affects and attitudes that condition them , which meant that the phenomenologist needed to go , in his words , “ back to the things themselves . ”
As Husserl ’s assistant , Heidegger grew famous the old - fashioned way : by talking .
His lectures drew ever larger and more passionate crowds , and word of mouth soon carried his fame beyond the confines of the Black Forest .
Intellectuals throughout Germany began to speak of “ a hidden philosopher - king , ” the successor of earlier princes of the mind such as Kant and Nietzsche .
Word even reached Kant ’s former home in Königsberg on the farthest side of Germany ( in the part of East Prussia that is today Russia ) , where the eighteen - year - old wunderkind Hannah Arendt was finishing high school .
A short while later , she traveled to the Black Forest and began to study with him .
They fell in love .
Despite a truly remarkable depth and breadth of knowledge , neither then nor later did Heidegger have the speech or the mannerisms of high European cultivation .
He walked , talked , and dressed like someone from the Black Forest , Germany ’s closest equivalent to the Ozarks .
Too intelligent not to make a virtue of necessity , Heidegger cultivated a quaint and bucolic image , wearing to his lectures a traditional outfit that his more metropolitan students dubbed “ the ontological suit . ”
What seemed to them , at first sight , faintly ridiculous grew less so as they listened to the brilliant young professor with the hypnotizing dark eyes speak about philosophy ’s furthest origins — and its bright future .
Then as now , publication was required for academic advancement , and so , at the insistence of Husserl and others , Heidegger began to plan a work that would secure his position .
In 1922 , his wife Elfriede had inherited a modest sum , and to avoid the galloping inflation of the period she invested it in a secluded retreat for her philosopher - husband and their growing family .
She found a small plot of hillside land in the higher reaches of the Black Forest rendered inexpensive because a stream cut through it , making it too marshy for farming .
She had a small hut , twenty by twenty - three feet , built into a hillside there , commanding a beautiful view of the valley below and the Alps rising in the distance .
Soon thereafter , her husband began , at last , to write .
Heidegger knew what he wanted to write about , but he did not yet know how .
He felt that he had stumbled upon something monumental , the metaphysical equivalent of a corpse in the cellar .
It seemed to him that philosophy had lost something which it desperately needed back .
This thing was as simple to sense as it was hard to express : “ being . ”
Inclined towards fundamental questions , he asked himself :
What did we mean when we speak of “ being ” ?
The answer seemed , at first sight , self - evident .
Being was all this — everything around us , everything in which we live and breathe and of which we are a part : being is the being that all beings in one mysterious manner or another share .
For most philosophers , this was both true and not a philosophical question — and here was where Heidegger saw his task lying .
For him , the largest question that philosophy might ask was this : what do we mean when we speak of a being common to all modes and forms of individual beings ?
And he saw Western philosophy as having gone astray in that it had ceased to ask this question .
Philosophy ’s first and most fundamental problem — the true task of metaphysics — had fallen into neglect .
He recalled that Aristotle said that philosophy was born of wonder .
Heidegger located “ the wonder of wonders ” in the idea “ that being is . ”
This wonder , and the question that lay at philosophy ’s origin and its heart , had , however , been abandoned — or , in his words , it had been “ forgotten . ”
His goal would be to remind his age — but he had not yet figured out how .
For his special task , Heidegger soon realized that he needed special tools .
He saw that the terms and concepts employed by traditional metaphysical inquiry were little suited to the task at hand and would break under the strain of what he envisioned .
And so he retreated to the Black Forest , and on long walks along its wooded paths , in glades and clearings , skiing down its slopes , and in long hours poring over books in his hut , he patiently crafted a special language for his unusual task .
One thing was immediately apparent : it was n’t pretty .
German played a role in this .
For him , “ the forgetting of being , ” as he called it , began early : with the translation of Greek texts into Latin .
Things did not get any better with the translations from Latin into the burgeoning Romance languages .
But German , in its rugged seclusion , had been spared and , what is more , possessed what he saw as an elective affinity with Western philosophy ’s native language , Greek .
( When once asked about the status of English as a philosophical language , he curtly responded that it had ceased being one in 1066 . )
Though German offered special advantages in its similarity to Greek , this was not enough , and Heidegger began employing a German like no other .
More classical philosophers such as Ernst Cassirer and the young Walter Benjamin were at a loss as to what he was talking about — but they knew they did n’t like it .
Adorno dismissed it as “ ontological jargon , ” and no less a stylistic master than Adorno ’s friend Thomas Mann asked in shocked disbelief upon first reading Heidegger : “ Should not such writing be subject to punishment ? ”
A psychologist visiting one of Heidegger ’s seminars had a more common reaction : “ It was as if a man from Mars had come across a group of earthlings and was trying to communicate with them . ”
But while everyone remarked the strangeness of Heidegger ’s language , not everyone rejected it , and figures as diverse as Karl Jaspers , Werner Heisenberg , Ernst Jünger , Hans - Georg Gadamer , Maurice Blanchot , Jacques Lacan , Pierre Klossowski , and René Char found in it an intensity of expression without compare .
For his own part , Heidegger was perfectly aware of the strangeness of what he was saying .
In a lecture from 1925 , he told his students , “ If I am forced to employ here cumbersome and unattractive expressions , this is no mere whim on my part and stems from no special fondness for having my own terminology .
Instead , it responds to the constraint placed upon language by the phenomena themselves . ”
Heidegger saw himself as renewing Husserl ’s phenomenology , following the things of the world back to a distant — and thereby strange — origin .
Like his manner and his dress , Heidegger ’s new philosophical language bore unabashed signs of its origins .
He began Being and Time by apologizing for “ the severity and strangeness of my expressions , ” and it soon became clear to the book ’s readers that these were not the severe or strange expressions of classical metaphysics , not technical - sounding formulations like Kant ’s “ thing - in - itself ” or Hegel ’s “ sublation ” but a new — and strangely sylvan — language .
His preferred metaphorical register was that of the area around his hut : of forests and paths , of peaks and valleys , of dwellings and clearings , calls of nature and authentic connectedness with one ’s environment .
What seemed to most shape his language was the space before which I now , dirty and disoriented , stood .
Several days earlier I had been in Freiburg , clean and well - oriented .
Our business in Freiburg done , my wife and I cut across the Black Forest to France ( to Strasbourg ) and on the way back visited family living in the heart of the Black Forest .
Contrary to my expectations , the Black Forest is not black , though it is dark .
Eighteenth - century logging removed a great many of the deciduous trees and their lighter greens , leaving the more robust firs and pines to dominate — and darken — the landscape .
Also contrary to my expectations , it is hilly , and even , in High Black Forest , mountainous .
We visited the ruins of a family of robber barons who controlled from a mighty peak one of the main passageways through the forest ; we followed the winding swath of destruction cut by a recent tornado ( “ Lothar ” ) ; we tried to accustom ourselves to the local dialect ; and we climbed to mountain peaks from which you can see the Vosges rising on the far side of the valley of the Rhine , as well as the Swiss Alps rising majestically in the hazy distance .
After visiting a particularly breathtaking final peak , we began to make our way home , stopping by the side of the road to look at a waterfall .
As my wife and her cousin moved towards the waterfall , I stood rooted by a small sign .
It pointed towards “ Todtnauberg . ”
I first heard of the Black Forest in high school , having overheard a friend of my mother ’s who taught philosophy say that Being and Time was “ the smartest and worst book ” he had ever read .
Being the adolescent I was , this was appealing , and I soon got my hands on the book .
On the first page I read :
Dedicated to Edmund Husserlin friendship and admiration .
Todtnauberg in Baden , Black ForestApril 8th 1926 .
Given the absurd comprehensiveness of the title , it seemed to me fitting that it had been written in what did not sound like a real place .
I knew next to no German , but enough to recognize the word for death , Tod , in the name of the town .
Todtnauberg .
Death - something - something - mountain , I said to myself .
Death Mountain in the Black Forest !
I was intrigued , but soon lost my way in the “ strange and severe ” words of the first chapters and gave up , appropriately enough , in a section entitled “ The Task of the Destruction of Ontology . ”
As I stood with the waterfall sounding in the distance , I recalled the smart , bad book , the strange names , and was as transfixed by the little signpost as if it indicated that nineteen kilometers down the road was an entrance to the underworld .
We were soon on our way .
Todtnauberg proved to be tucked away in a lovely and largely untouched valley .
Because of the small and steep roads and the almost total absence of signs , it took us far longer than we had expected to reach it — and when we did , there was little to reach .
There was no center to speak of , and virtually no stores , and so we drove up and down steep and narrow roads , some paved and some not , asking if people knew where Martin Heidegger ’s hut was and reaping a variety of befuddled “ No’s . ”
At last we saw an elderly woman in well - worn hiking boots walking a large dog , and when we asked our question , she responded brightly , “ Martin Heidegger Rundweg , of course , ” and gestured to the valley ’s crest a few kilometers away .
After a few wrong turns and a steep final ascent , we at last saw a small wooden arrow with the words Martin Heidegger Rundweg carved into it .
A few hundred yards away was a sign with a photo of the aging Heidegger , looking frankly smug , and a short text with the incipit : “ Wer gross denkt , muss gross irren ” : “ He who will think greatly , must err greatly . ” I thought this was funny .
A few hours later , I found it less so .
Heidegger never finished Being and Time , but this did nothing to limit its success .
He published a first installment , and this was enough to secure his growing fame and make his career .
He learned many lessons from this first and unfinished treatise , and in the works to follow chose the smaller scales of lectures and essays .
The first sign we had seen told us that the Martin Heidegger Rundweg was precisely 6.4 kilometers long and had five informational points like the first one .
Rundweg means a circular path , and finding it on the sign seemed perfectly normal , but when we failed to reach the next information point the expected 0.4 kilometers later , the word began to play upon our minds .
Heidegger had been fascinated by paths and circles , and often invoked “ the hermeneutic circle . ”
If you wanted to talk about the origin of the work of art , as he did , how would you begin ?
You began with the artist , for the artist creates the work of art and is thereby its origin .
But is an artist who does not create , or no longer creates , works of art still an artist ?
Is it not , rather , that the work of art is the origin of the artist ?
The answer to these questions are all , yes and no— or , seen from a different angle , involve “ the hermeneutic circle . ”
Heidegger wrote about situations where “ what is at issue is not avoiding the hermeneutic circle , it is in entering it in the right way . ”
Circular forms of reasoning could not be everywhere and always shunned — and nothing was gained by trying to avoid them .
Everything instead depended “ on how one entered the circle . ”
My wife and I had entered the circle of the Martin Heidegger Rundweg at the beginning and were enjoying the tree - lined peaceful walk bathed in afternoon sun , with its intermittent glimpses through the trees of the valley below and the mountain tops in the distance .
But the trail markers that had been accompanying us seemed to have disappeared .
Our goal — the information point that the first panel told us would be called “ Heidegger ’s Hut : Why the Hut is Not a Museum ” — was nowhere to be found .
by Mario Rizzo
The recent Supreme Court decision that “ ruled that the government may not ban political spending by corporations in candidate elections ” is a true victory for freedom of speech .
What many people do not realize , however , is that both sides in this dispute had important and valid points .
The terrible truth of the matter is that a large complex government is incompatible with political and personal freedom .
It is not just the economic freedom in various sectors that is threatened by a large welfare and regulatory state .
( Most classical liberal - oriented economists well understand the effect on economic liberty . )
However , those other freedoms that modern - day social democrats ( aka “ liberals ” ) value are also threatened .
The majority of the Court are right to say that campaign finance laws that restrict the freedom of corporations ( and presumably labor unions ) to participate in the campaigns for political candidates is a violation of freedom of speech .
This is a basic freedom in a representative democracy .
No amount of sophistry about whether corporations are real human beings , and so forth , is worthy of us .
( See Ilya Somin ’s post at the Volokh Conspiracy . )
Corporations are just associations of human beings .
Why should other institutions of civil society be rendered mute by the apparatus of compulsion and coercion ?
On the other hand , corporations and labor unions are not generally friends of freedom and the market .
They want , as Adam Smith understood , special privileges : protection from competition by new entrants , special tax treatment , regulations that make their lives easier , and so forth .
Public Choice economists have made many contributions to the theoretical and empirical analysis of these matters .
( I must say the majority of the economics profession , even at this late date , still seems to be living in the fantasy world of optimal social - welfare enhancing policies .
Let that pass . )
As I have previously blogged , the ideals of the rule of law are degraded by the exigencies of the welfare - state , not only in the process of logrolling but in the process of making arbitrary , special - interest exceptions to rules of all kinds .
Mega - states necessarily go beyond the proper realm of government : the general welfare – the benefit of each and all .
So the decision the majority handed down has its costs .
The decision the dissenters would have handed down also would have had its costs .
Both are very high .
And they are the result of the size and scope of the modern American state .
There is no good solution , except to cut down the size of the state in a very substantial way .
As long as we have freedom of speech ( which I hope we shall continue to have ) special interests will use their funds to get the proverbial concentrated benefits matched by dispersed , but greater , losses .
Special interest legislation will more and more displace any semblance of the general interest .
What we need is to create or restore a secular “ religion ” or dogma .
We need a dogma of laissez - faire .
As long as John Maynard Keynes ’s argument in “ The End of Laissez - Faire ” is accepted ( that is , we should put away the old classical liberal dogmas and decide each issue on its own merits ) , the special interests will be there to convince a “ pragmatic ” public that their policies are the ones that , on the merits , warrant support .
I am not arguing for a non-rebuttable dogma , but a strong presumption .
Government officials and politicians should feel a sense of trepidation when they propose schemes for our betterment .
Unfortunately , it is not possible simply to construct such a public attitude .
Nevertheless , I think that intellectuals can do their part .
We should discard the idea that it is more “ scientific ” or more “ objective ” to follow an issue - by - issue approach to politics .
We ought to recognize the instability of the “ on its own merits ” policy regime .
We need to focus on general rules that inhibit state action .
We need to accept the lessons of constitutional political economy , public choice theory and slippery - slope analysis .
We need a secular “ religion ” of laissez - faire .
Addendum : I should like to add a word of clarification .
Ilya Somin makes an important distinction between the size and scope of the state .
Although these usually are positively associated ( that is , states of a large size also have a large scope of activities ) , it is scope that is the major problem in the respect that concerns me here .
When a state has a large scope its activities are complex : many different functions with many interactions and hard - to - determine consequences .
This makes it difficult for voters to know exactly what is going on and therefore opens them to “ manipulation ” by special interests .
These interests can more effectively obscure the costs of their proposed policies and make them appear as if they are in the general interest when they are not .
Gunstar from The Last Starfighter ( 1984 )
Gunstar from The Last Starfighter ( 1984 )
Max from Flight of the Navigator ( 1986 )
Max from Flight of the Navigator ( 1986 )
Heart of Gold from Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ( 2005 )
Heart of Gold from Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ( 2005 )
Mothership from Close Encounters of the Third Kind ( 1977 )
Mothership from Close Encounters of the Third Kind ( 1977 )
Borg Cube from Star Trek : First Contact ( 1996 )
Borg Cube from Star Trek : First Contact ( 1996 )
Discovery One from 2001 : A Space Odyssey ( 1968 )
Discovery One from 2001 : A Space Odyssey ( 1968 )
Millennium Falcon from Star Wars ( 1977 )
Serenity from Serenity ( 2005 )
Discovery One from 2001 : A Space Odyssey ( 1968 )
Moonraker Space Shuttle from Moonraker ( 1979 )
Star Destroyer from Star Wars ( 1977 )
Borg Cube from Star Trek : First Contact ( 1996 )
Event Horizon from Event Horizon ( 1997 )
Rodger Young from Starship Troopers ( 1997 )
U.S.S. Enterprise from Star Trek ( Films )
Nostromo from Alien ( 1979 )
Mothership from Close Encounters of the Third Kind ( 1977 )
Anterean Ship from Cocoon ( 1985 )
Heart of Gold from Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ( 2005 )
Eagle 5 from Spaceballs ( 1987 )
Max from Flight of the Navigator ( 1986 )
Gunstar from The Last Starfighter ( 1984 )
Q Games head Dylan Cuthbert has revealed that the studio is currently working on a couple new titles , including PixelJunk Shooter 2 .
Along with the upcoming sequel , the other title mentioned is a currently unannounced game outside of the PixelJunk universe .
Cuthbert explained , “ Normally sequels are just a re-hashing of the ideas in the original … but for PixelJunk Shooter we still have a ton of ideas on the drawing board and the engine has lots of potential we want to use before moving onto our next idea .
It would be a waste not to use it to try out more stuff . ”
All good stuff to be sure , but would love to hear about a new Eden effort as well .
The most embarrassing thing I ’ve ever said during a job interview is “ I love children . ”
Typically not a bad thing but it was in response to “ What is your greatest weakness ? ”
“ Our culture  or our scientific culture , anyway  is leaning prettily heavily right now toward the wired theory , ” Mr. Bergner said .
“ The idea that someday not so far in the future we will be able to take detailed enough images of the brain to determine where the anatomical difference is located . ”
But , he added , “ I ’m not quite ready to go there . ”
He then described a weekend he spent at a Connecticut motel observing a mixer between female amputees and their male devotees , as men who are attracted to such women are known .
“ After a whole weekend your vision ever so slightly starts to shift , ” he said .
“ Not that I became an amputee devotee ; far from it .
But I began to see as these other men were seeing .
That ’s what our culture does , and it has a tremendous effect .
We find attractive what others do , and I do n’t think all the M.R.I. ’s in the world are ever going to get to that . ”
The other big thing he has learned , Mr. Bergner said , is that the lines defining what is normal sexually and what is not are vague at best .
We abhor pedophilia , for example , and yet our culture worships teenage girls .
“ When you get to the Baroness , the blurry lines are barely lines at all , ” he said .
“ When you start talking about the connection between pleasure and pain , there ’s a whole body of psychological literature that says that ’s pretty common .
To watch the things the Baroness does and the people who submit to her is to be attracted  at least abstractly .
“ The whole language of S&M is appealing : what we want from sex is that experience of being taken somewhere deeper into ourselves and to a deeper connection with someone else .
That ’s what the Baroness is offering , perhaps at a dangerous price . ”
Image
Mr. Bergner ’s previous books were about the Angola prison in Louisiana and the civil war in Sierra Leone , and both demanded arduous and often uncomfortable reporting about worlds most people ignore .
He said that reporting “ The Other Side of Desire ” did n’t seem all that different .
“ I decided I was going to go inside eros , inside our sexual selves , ” he explained .
“ Not to be melodramatic , but that sounds like a pretty extreme journey .
When I went to Angola , I thought , ‘ Here ’s a chance to look at why we live . ’
There were people living lives there that were all but exterminated , and yet those lives were in some ways pretty full .
In Sierra Leone I thought I could learn something about myself , something about race .
I thought that from all these people I ’d learn something about us as human beings and the force of the erotic , and when I did this book it did n’t feel like a departure , really , just another extreme . ”
If You ’ve Pissed Off Roger Ebert … Just Hang It Up
A Letter to Rush Limbaugh / / / January 14 , 2010
To : Rush Limbaugh
From : Roger Ebert
You should be horse - whipped for the insult you have paid to the highest office of our nation .
Having followed President Obama ’s suggestion and donated money to the Red Cross for relief in Haiti , I was offended to hear you suggest the President might be a thief capable of stealing money intended for the earthquake victims .
Here is a transcript from your program on Thursday :
Justin of Raleigh , North Carolina : “ Why does Obama say if you want to donate some money , you could go to whitehouse.gov to direct you how to do so ?
If I wanted to donate to the Red Cross , why do I have to go to the White House page to donate ? ”
Limbaugh : “ Exactly .
Would you trust the money ’s gonna go to Haiti ? ”
Justin : “ No . ”
Rush : “ But would you trust that your name ’s gonna end up on a mailing list for the Obama people to start asking you for campaign donations for him and other causes ? ”
Justin : “ Absolutely ! ”
Limbaugh : “ Absolutely ! ”
That ’s what was said .
Unlike you and Justin of Raleigh , I went to Obama ’s web site , and discovered the link there leadsto the Red Cross .
I can think of a reason why anyone might want to go via the White House .
That way they can be absolutely sure they ’re clicking on the Red Cross and not a fake site set up to exploit the tragedy .
But let me be sure I have this right .
You and Justin agree that Obama might steal money intended for the Red Cross to help the wretched of Haiti .
This conversation came 48 hours after many of us had seen pitiful sights from Port au Prince .
Tens of thousands are believed still alive beneath the rubble .
You twisted their suffering into an opportunity to demean the character of the President of the United States .
This can not have been an accident .
A day earlier , in a sound bite from your show , you said “ this will play right into Obama ’s hands .
He ’s humanitarian , compassionate .
They ’ll use this to burnish their , shall we say , ‘ credibility ’ with the black community – in the both light - skinned and dark - skinned black community in this country .
It ’s made - to - order for them .
” Setting aside your riff on Harry Reid , consider what you imply .
Obama will aid Haiti to please African - Americans .
Haiti has lost untold thousands of lives .
One third of the population has lost its homes .
Countless people are still buried in the rubble .
Every American president would act quickly to help our neighbor .
You are so cynical and heartless as to explain Obama ’s action in a way that unpleasantly suggests how your mind works .
You have a sizable listening audience .
You apparently know how to please them .
Anybody given a $ 400 million contract must know what he is doing .
That ’s what offends me .
You know exactly what you ’re doing .
The President awed the audience with a Dionne Warwick tune while she was in the audience .
Sounded pretty good to me .
He probably had a little game back in the day .
ENJOY !
A GERMAN woman has hired a lawyer after being shocked to discover that not only did police deliberately run over her beloved dog , they have now sent her a hefty bill .
Robby , a nine - year - old Australian Shepherd , ran away on December 31 after being terrified by fireworks , and made it onto a nearby motorway , her owner Heidi Schwank , 65 , told the Bild daily newspaper .
" A day after New Year 's , the police phoned me and said that my Robby had been run over on the motorway ...
The police claimed that a motorist had hit and killed Robby , " Ms Schwank said , photographed clutching his picture .
But it turned out that it was the police who had killed Robby after four officers in two police cars spent over an hour getting cars on the A1 autobahn near Hamburg to slow down while they tried , unsuccessfully , to capture him .
Neutralising Robby caused damage of over € 2500 ( $ 3907 ) to a patrol car , costs which Ms Schwank now has to pay .
A police spokeswoman said that the officers " were confronted by something posing a danger , this ' wonderful dog ' tearing about to and fro on both lane of a highway . "
" At a time like this , a police officer has to weigh up the lives of people against that of a dog , " spokeswoman Jessica Wessel said .
" You can imagine that in the dark , on New Year 's Eve with explosions and everything all around , a dog being chased by strangers is not going to calm down , and you 're not going to catch him . "
Ms Schwank , however , is incensed .
" They close off motorways even for ducks .
Why not for my Robby ?
Then they could have caught him safely , and my beloved would still be alive , " the retiree said .
Update : Bullet that hit Cantor ’s office ‘ fired randomly ’
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor pointed to a shooting incident at his district office earlier this week as proof that Democrats are n’t the only ones being targeted with violence in the wake of the passage of health care reform .
But a report from police in Richmond , Virginia , suggests the bullet that hit his office early Tuesday may have had nothing to do with the Republican congressman .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Associated Press reports :
Richmond police say the bullet that hit a window of Republican Virginia Congressman Eric Cantor ’s office had been randomly fired skyward .
In a news release , Richmond police said that the bullet had been fired into the air early Tuesday .
It hit the front window of a building that houses Cantor ’s campaign office as it fell to back earth at a sharp angle .
ORIGINAL STORY FOLLOWS BELOW
NY Dem receives white powder package with letter condemning health care reform
As death threats and violence aimed principally at Democratic lawmakers continued on Thursday in the wake of the passage of health care reform , some senior Republicans placed the blame squarely on Democrats .
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor on Thursday accused the Democratic Party leadership of “ fanning the flames ” of a recent spate of violent attacks against lawmakers ’ offices and homes , and accused the heads of two Democratic organizations of using the incidents “ for political gain . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Virginia Republican condemned the violent attacks and also said he had himself been targeted in the past week .
“ Just recently I have been directly threatened , ” Cantor said at a press conference .
“ A bullet was shot through the window of my campaign office in Richmond this week . ”
Police in Richmond have confirmed that a bullet was fired early Tuesday morning into the first floor of an office building that houses numerous offices including one used by Cantor .
Police say the building was unoccupied at the time .
ADVERTISEMENT
Also on Thursday , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said the Democrats ’ “ corrupt tactics ” in passing health care reform were to blame for an “ enraged ” American public .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ I think the Democratic leadership has to take some real responsibility ( for choosing ) to use corrupt tactics that bought votes , that bullied people and as a result has enraged much of the American people , ” Gingrich said , when asked if the GOP should condemn the violence .
“ And I think it would be nice for President Obama , Speaker Pelosi and Majority Leader Reid to take some responsibility for what their actions have done to this country .
Ã¢â‚¬Â 
ADVERTISEMENT
But Gingrich nonetheless condemned the recent acts of violence , reports the Atlanta Journal - Constitution .
For his part , Cantor accused Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Chris Van Hollen and Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine of “ fanning the flames by suggesting that these incidents be used as a political weapon . ”
“ It is reckless to use these incidents as media vehicles for political gain , ” he said .
“ Security threats against members of Congress is not a partisan issue , and they should never be treated that way .
To use such threats as political weapons is reprehensible . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In a response to Cantor ’s comments , DNC spokesman Brad Woodhouse was unyielding .
“ Calling on Republican leaders who have contributed in part to this anger by wildly mischaracterizing the substance and motives of health reform to condemn these acts is entirely appropriate , ” he said , as quoted at The Atlantic .
He called on Cantor to join Democrats “ in working to ratchet down the rhetoric . ”
Cantor ’s press conference may be a sign that some high - ranking Republicans are becoming genuinely worried that the recent spate of attacks against Democratic lawmakers may end up hurting the GOP ’s image and polling numbers .
The past half - week — since the House ’s passage of the health care bill — has seen at least 10 documented incidents of violence targeted at Democratic lawmakers , including a brick thrown through the window of the office of a New York Democrat , and a cut propane gas line at the home of the brother of a Democratic congressman .
ADVERTISEMENT
Most recently , law enforcement officials say they are investigating a package with white powder sent to the office of Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - NY ) .
The package reportedly contained a letter that “ in part complained about the historic health care legislation passed by Congress this week , ” WNBC reports .
In a statement , Weiner acknowledged that his office received a suspicious envelope and said his prime concern is the safety of his staff and others in the area .
The NYPD , the FBI and other emergency management officials are at the scene as a precaution , spokesmen for the agencies say .
Weiner ’s Kew Gardens office will be closed pending the completion of the investigation .
As is routine , preliminary field testing is underway to determine whether the substance is in any way hazardous .
Cantor also told reporters that he had “ received threatening e-mails , ” and added he would not release them “ because I believe such actions will only encourage more to be sent . ”
The Washington Post ‘s Ben Pershing reports that that comment appeared to be targeted at Rep. Stupak , who released audio of death threats left on his answering machine .
If you can read this , either the style sheet did n't load or you have an older browser that does n't support style sheets .
Try clearing your browser cache and refreshing the page .
Main
Discussion
Sports
Business
Geek
Entertainment
Podcast
D'awww
Food
Politics
Epic Win! Jason beats Westboro Baptist Church with a Fund - Raiser at their protest !
NOW SUPPORT THIS CHANNEL WITH " APPLAUDS "
NOW SUPPORT THIS CHANNEL WITH " APPLAUDS "
*** Do Not Post Comments Promoting Violence ***
Gapers Block :
UIC student Jason Connell used the appearance of the hate group to raise money for queer rights groups such as Human Rights Campaign , International AIDS Foundation and Chicago based Jerusalem Open House .
Donations were named in honor of the Westboro Baptist Church and community thank you cards will be sent from the non-profits to WBC leader Fred Phelps .
Connell called it a , " Lemons to Lemonade " situation .
http://gapersblock.com/mechanics/2010/03/09/westboro-baptist-church-embarrass-themselves/
http://www.matthewsnyder.org/
Matthew Snyder , of Finksburg , Maryland , died from a non combat - related vehicle accident in Al Anbar province , Iraq .
He was assigned to Combat Service Support Group - 1 , 1st Marine Logistics Group , I Marine Expeditionary Force , Twentynine Palms , California .
Died on March 3 , 2006 .
Matthew was 20 years old .
The family of Lance Corporal Matthew Snyder , US Marine Corps , has begun this civil lawsuit * against Mr. Phelps and certain members of the so - called Westboro Baptist Church to bring an end to the reign of terror and abuse that they inflicted upon the grieving families of US service members killed in defense of our nation .
Using innocent children to deliver their twisted message of hatred and fear , the defendants in this suit have sought to attack the memory of our departed heroes , to strip their loved ones of their dignity , and to use abuse and intimidation as a tool for preventing surviving family members from reaching closure over their loss .
It is the sincere hope of Mr. Al Snyder , Matthews father , that this suit will spark similar legal actions against Mr. Phelps wherever he seeks to inflict harm upon the memory of our heroes and their families .
If you feel strongly that such actions should be stopped , please consider a donation to help offset the legal expenses of bringing this suit .
Night and Day
Stark Differences Between Southern Baptists and Fred Phelps ( Westboro Baptist Church )
Source : Southern Baptist Conference Web Page
http://sbc.net/redirect.asp?url=http://www.sbclife.net/Articles/2003/06/sla6.asp&key=westboro+baptist+church&title=Night+and+Day&ndx=SBC
" Phelps derives much of his beliefs from verses like Psalm 5:5 , which reads ,
The boastful shall not stand before Your eyes ;
You hate all who do iniquity .
" You tell [ people ] that God loves everybody ? "
Phelps asked .
" You 're lying on God . "
But two Midwestern Seminary Old Testament professors said that Psalm 5:5 - and other similar verses - must be viewed in context with the rest of Scripture .
Christians serve a God of both justice and wrath and of love , grace , and mercy , they said . "
Bill O'Reilly 's Talking Points : Hating America - 03/30/10
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qKPka-cwwA
' Nuff said .
April 3 , 2010 :
Honors for this video ( 3 )
# 47 - Most Viewed ( This Month ) ) - News & Politics
# 20 - Top Favorited ( This Month ) ) - News & Politics
# 18 - Top Rated ( This Month ) ) - News & Politics
DogStar7 here with the update :
Jason raised a little over $ 200 that day .
That 's not bad considering that absolutely NO preparation was done other than to empty a pretzel jar ( yummm ) and put a sticky label on it .
Somebody just happened to have a card table in their van ( who ' da thunk , right ? ) and it all came together .
The BIG STORY is that this video has inspired DOZENS of collections wherever WBC protests !
Thanks for duplicating the effort , everyone !
DS7
View this video at YouTube or View Fark Comments
WASHINGTON — “ This is what change looks like , ” President Obama said after succeeding where Bill Clinton , Lyndon Johnson and Harry Truman had failed .
On Sunday , as comprehensive health care reform was becoming a reality , some people could n’t bear what they saw .
By early afternoon , a tea party demonstration had assembled on the grounds outside the Capitol and begun its familiar chant , “ Kill the bill ! ”
There were the usual placards about socialism , tyranny and the perceived threat to all that is good and true .
The movement claims to have African - American and Hispanic followers ; maybe it does , but I did n’t see them .
A smaller , more diverse group had gathered nearby to demonstrate in support of the health care legislation .
Organizers said they put the rally together overnight to show that rejectionists were n’t the only Americans with strong feelings about the issue .
On Saturday , the vile epithet that is euphemistically called “ the N - word ” had been hurled at Rep. John Lewis , D - Ga. , one of the great heroes of the civil rights movement , as he walked past the tea party crowd .
Rep. Emanuel Cleaver , D - Mo. , who is also black , was spat upon .
Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , who is gay , was insulted with the epithet that I guess should be called “ the F - word . ”
Most Republican opponents of health care reform had the decency — and the political sense — to disavow the racist and homophobic attacks .
Incredibly , some did not .
Rep. Devin Nunes of California told C- SPAN : “ Yeah , well I think that when you use totalitarian tactics , people , you know , begin to act crazy .
I think , you know , there ’s people that have every right to say what they want .
If they want to smear someone , they can do it . ”
And Rep. Steve King of Iowa airily dismissed the incident : “ I just do n’t think it ’s anything . …
There are a lot of places in this country that I could n’t walk through .
I would n’t live to get to the other end of it . ”
If the attempt at intimidation had any effect , apparently it was to stiffen Democrats ’ resolve .
Sunday , after hearing a call to action from Lewis , the Democratic leadership walked that same route arm - in - arm while the tea party demonstrators booed and jeered .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , striding next to Lewis , carried the oversized gavel that had been used decades earlier to mark final passage of the bill establishing Medicare .
Taking literally the advice of Theodore Roosevelt , the first president to call for universal health care , she spoke softly and carried a big stick .
When the House began its final debate , there was already the sense that history was about to be made .
On one of her many trips between the House floor and the speaker ’s office , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D - Fla . — a cancer survivor — said that fighting for health care reform was one of the reasons she ran for Congress .
“ It ’s going to be hard to forget this day , ” she said .
When I asked Rep. Bobby Scott , D - Va. , to put the vote in perspective , he smiled and said : “ Years from now , we ’re all going to look back and say that this was one of the days when we were worth a damn . ”
Hour by hour , the mood on the Republican side of the aisle — buoyed for most of the day by the tea party hootenanny outside — seemed to deflate .
At the White House there was elation after the final vote .
Obama ’s much - criticized strategy of pushing forward on health care despite the economic crisis had been rewarded with a historic victory .
His tactic of letting Congress shape the legislation had been vindicated .
His promise of change had been given new substance .
Even with the “ fixes ” that now have to be approved by the Senate , the health care bill is something of a mess .
But it ’s a glorious mess , because it enshrines the principle that all Americans have the right to health care — an extraordinary achievement that will make this a better nation .
It may take years to get the details right .
The newly minted reforms are going to need to be reformed or at least fine - tuned , and those will not be easy battles .
But the social movements that allowed Obama to become president and Pelosi to become speaker proved that the arc of history bends toward fairness and inclusion .
Needed change must not be thwarted , even if some people find it hard to accept .
Obama ’s epitaph was right : “ We did not fear our future .
We shaped it . ”
Eugene Robinson ’s e-mail address is eugenerobinson ( at) washpost.com .
New Delhi , India ( CNN ) --
Campaigners fighting for the rights of indigenous peoples have appealed to the makers of the movie " Avatar " to help an Indian tribe protect its home from a real - life threat .
London - based Survival International has drawn a parallel between the Na'vi of " Avatar " and the Dongria Kondh tribe in the eastern Indian state of Orissa , who it says are struggling to defend their sacred mountain from being mined by British firm , Vedanta Resources .
The global human rights watchdog , Amnesty International , has also lashed out at Vedanta over its plans at Orissa 's Niyamgiri Hills .
" The proposed mine threatens the very existence of the Dongria Kondh , an 8,000 - strong indigenous community that has lived on the Niyamgiri hills for centuries , " Amnesty noted in its report .
In its condemnation of the firm 's controversial project , Survival International placed an advertisement in the Hollywood magazine Variety , urging " Avatar " director James Cameron to help the Dongria Kondhs .
" Like the Na'vi of ' Avatar ' , the Dongria Kondh (s ) are also at risk , as their lands are set to be mined by Vedanta Resources who will stop at nothing to achieve their aims , " said Survival director Stephen Corry in a statement .
" The mine will destroy the forests on which the Dongria Kondh (s ) depend and wreck the lives of thousands of other Kondh tribal people living in the area . "
" ' Avatar ' is fantasy ... and real , " read the Survival advertisement .
The group has not said if there has been any response from the movie 's producers .
Amnesty International also accused Vedanta of threatening the health of local communities in Orissa with what it said was air and water pollution from its aluminum refinery in the same region .
" People are living in the shadow of a massive refinery , breathing polluted air and afraid to drink from and bathe in a river that is one of the main sources of water in the region , " said Ramesh Gopalakrishnan , Amnesty International 's researcher on South Asia .
" It is shocking how those who are most affected by the project have been provided with the least information . "
But Vedanta has defended its venture in Orissa 's Lanjigarh area , accusing Amnesty of challenging the Indian government 's credibility .
In a statement the company insisted the report of the rights group was based on outdated documents , which it said had already undergone scrutiny by Indian regulators and the Indian judiciary .
" The report strikes at the heart of ( a ) project directly related to India 's economic growth and rural upliftment , " the company said .
" The Lanjigarh project , whose many facets have been developed by Vedanta with the highest regard for human rights , will deliver significant economic stimulus to the local community , especially historically underdeveloped areas of Orissa . "
Vedanta cited remarks it said were made by a local mines minister in November that no tribal family faced displacement because of mining .
According to its
Web site , " sustainable development is a key part of Vedanta 's strategy and overall ethos .
It represents a core commitment of our management and employees . "
The company said its rehabilitation program has centered around its Orissa refinery , where it says it has resettled 115 families in a rehab colony while five other families have chosen self - relocation .
On Friday , the Church of England dropped its multi-million dollar stake in Vedanta , citing concerns for local communities .
The move , it said , came after having examined allegations about the conglomerate 's aluminum refinery and the planned bauxite mine in Niyamgiri for about seven months , since June 2009 .
Vedanta said it was disappointed in the church 's decision .
" We work with a number of NGOs and with the authorities in India , the world 's largest democracy , ensuring all our projects are conducted in compliance with the law and international best practice , " the company said .
But some Niyamgiri tribal campaigners interviewed sounded unconvinced .
" If Vedanta mines the mountain , the water will dry up .
In the Niyamgiri forests , there are tigers , bears , monkeys and wild boar .
All kinds of other animals .
We all live together .
Where will the animals go to drink ?
Where will we go to drink ? " asked a young man in a video posted on Survival International 's Web site .
" We wo n't allow Vedanta to take over our hills .
We wo n't allow them to mine any part of our mountain .
We wo n't allow Vedanta to touch our water , " he said .
The American rockstar Marilyn Manson used to purchase his Absinthe from Markus Lion since long time .
One day after a gig in Basel they met and were talking about art and music and of cause Absinthe .
Markus suggestion developing a Marilyn Manson Absinthe was accepted by the artist , so Oliver Matter started sending prototypes to the U.S.
It took about 2 years till the development was finished .
Nowadays Absinthe Mansinthe is distributed from the U.S. to Australia and is appreciated being a high quality product .
Consequently the collaboration between Markus and Oliver sets international standards in the Absinthe world that other producers just follow but not bypass as both are perfectionists with a strong vision and uncompromising commitment to what they are doing .
Russia Willing To Restore Soviet Legacy in Afghanistan
Russia is ready to restore 142 industrial facilities built by Soviet specialists in Afghanistan .
Russia Willing To Restore Soviet Legacy in Afghanistan
This information was released after the meeting between Russian and NATO ’s Chiefs of General Staff on January 27 , the first meeting after the events in the Caucasus of 2008 .
Officially , Moscow ’s proposal was released on January 28 at the London conference on Afghan issues .
Russia was represented at the conference by Sergey Lavrov , head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
The list of objects built at the expense of the USSR includes power stations , factories , oil plants , roads , power transmission lines , and pipelines .
The reconstruction will require huge amounts of money that the Afghan government does not have .
The financial issue is the main issue of the conference .
Russia does not suffer from money surplus and has already written off $ 10 billion of Afghan debt .
The West is not eager to pay from their pockets either .
Russians have all technical documentation , often unique , and they are the first candidates for restoration orders .
Russia ’s ambassador to NATO Dmitry Rogozin said that Russia had been proposing restoration of Afghanistan for a long time .
He mentioned that it was an old initiative .
“ In the recent years , the Western presence in Afghanistan was due to the conducted antiterrorist operation .
When Obama came to office , he proposed a new strategy that allowed for both the increase of troops and restoration of civil objects .
This method had been tried out by the USSR .
Within 10 years of presence , Russians built 140 large facilities .
It created jobs and brought money into the budget .
As a result , Afghanistan received a stable government that survived independently for three years under the pressure of Islamic fundamentalists .
Now both Americans and their European allies are thinking about collecting donations for restoration of the Afghan economy .
Russia has its own interests .
The objects we built should be restored by us . ”
“ We are not talking about sending thousands of Russian workers to Afghanistan .
We need to send engineers , and the issue of safety must be the most important one .
We need money collected from international donors .
Rich countries like EU could give us money .
Many countries – NATO members would like to withdraw their troops from Afghanistan in exchange for money . ”
Komsomolskaya Pravda
Lobby groups will be able to spend any amount on campaigning in the next general election , the Government has decided .
Justice Minister Simon Power has just announced changes to the laws governing campaign spending during elections , and details of next year ’s referendum on the MMP electoral system .
Under the changes , people who spend more than $ 12,000 on parallel campaigning will have to register with the Electoral Commission .
The register will be publicly available .
But unlike under the previous Electoral Finance Act , which was repealed by National last year , parallel campaigners such as unions - or the Exclusive Brethren - will not be limited to spending $ 120,000 during the campaign .
Political party spending limits are also to be increased , by the rate of inflation from the next election .
Currently they are only able to spend $ 2.4 million if they contest all electorates .
But the Government has rejected proposals that would have allowed third parties to advertise on television or radio during campaigns , plus recommendations that the pool of state - allocated funds available to parties to broadcast advertisements be opened up to newspapers or digital media .
Mr Power said this morning that he could not get sufficient political cross-party support for changes to the broadcasting regime .
" This package comes after extended consultation with all parliamentary parties and the public .
As a result the Cabinet has decided to progress reforms only where there is broad public and political support , " Mr Power said .
" If we are to have a system which is fair , workable , enduring , and in place before the 2011 election , broad consensus was essential . "
In other changes , the Government will modernise the definition of what counts as election advertising and require the Electoral Commission to issue guidance .
The regulated campaign period before an election will be three months before polling day .
The donations regime has been left unchanged , although parties will have to disclose their donations in bands .
Anonymous donations are limited to $ 1000 , and parties must make immediate disclosure of any donation over $ 20,000 .
Meanwhile , Mr Power has also released details of a referendum on MMP to be held at the same time as the 2011 election .
The first part of the proposed question will ask voters whether they want to retain MMP or change to another system .
Part B will ask if there was a change which system should replace MMP .
The options will be first past the post , preferential voting , single transferable vote and supplementary member .
If there is a majority for change , a second referendum will see a run-off in 2014 between MMP and the preferred alternative .
" If there is support to retain MMP as a voting system , there will be a review to see how MMP can be improved , ” he said .
Mr Power said the Electoral Commission will undertake an information campaign .
The estimated cost of the referendum , including the information campaign , is $ 10.97 million .
Legislation is expected to be in place before the 2011 election .
I 'm not sure this is going to quell the climate wars raging at present , but it's an interesting development nonetheless .
An Australian solar physicist called John Cook , who runs the popular Skeptical Science website , has developed an app which " lets you use an iPhone or iPod to view the entire list of skeptic arguments as well as ( more importantly ) what the science says on each argument " .
So the next time you 're caught at the fag end of a wedding reception in an interminable one - way conversation with a reactionary uncle who 's boring on about how " the climate 's always changed " , just switch on this app , hand them your iPhone , and proceed to the bar .
In reality , of course , this is hardly likely to win round any sceptic , least of all your worse - for - wear uncle who , with or without the evidence presented to him by this app , will still continue to swear blind that climate change is a fiction made up by a clandestine world government - in - waiting because he 's read about it all on his favourite blog , which just so happens to be frequented by an army of other reactionary uncles .
One suspects this app will only act to increase the polarisation between the two sides of this " debate " .
( Still think a debate 's going on ?
When was the last time you heard someone from either side say , " Thank you for this information .
Actually , I 'd never thought of it like that before .
I 'm now prepared to change my mind on climate change . " )
For example , Climate Realists , a site manned by sceptics such as weatherman Piers Corbyn , is already jumping up and down in horror at the news of the app's release :
" WARNING !
There is an iphone app trying to put down what we have to say under the heading of ' Skeptical Science ' .
We need as many of you as possible to promote that this iphone app is yet another attempt to discredit ' Climate Realists ' .
We can only hope the general public can see through this as a cheap trick to prop up the FAILED SCIENCE OF MAN MADE CLIMATE CHANGE .
Climate Realists need another iphone app that shows our side of the argument as it is , rather then what a supporter AGW thinks it is !
Please send this message to all known friendly sites that support our side . "
This call to arms appears to have worked as the first reviews on the iTunes app store are deeply negative .
This is what the reviewer " GabesiPod " said :
" This is app from an AGW [ anthropogenic global warming ] supporter and just supports his views and NOT the views of SKEPTICS !
I find that iPhone apps have mislead people , in that , the name of the product is NOT what it is claimed to be .
This is a cheap trick to support the FAILED SCIENCE OF AGW , AND HAS NO SCIENTIFIC VALUE .
This app should be withdrawn ! "
Just what is it with sceptics and their love of block capitals ?
So what does this app actually do that is proving so unpalatable to the folks at Climate Realists ?
This is how it works , according to Cook :
" You browse arguments via the Top 10 most used arguments as well as 3 main categories ( ' It 's not happening ' , ' It 's not us ' , ' It 's not bad ' ) .
When you select one of the 3 main categories , a list of sub - categories pop up .
You can then select any category to see the skeptic argument , a summary of what the science says and the full answer including graphs plus links to papers or other sources .
A novel inclusion is a feature that lets you report when you encounter a skeptic argument .
By clicking on the red ear icon ( above left , shown to the left of the skeptic arguments or above right , next to the headline ) , the iPhone adds another hit to that particular skeptic argument . "
The app currently has rebuttals to 90 sceptic " arguments " , which include many of the classics , such as " There is no consensus " , " Models are unreliable " , " It has n't warmed since 1998 " , " Ice age predicted in the 70s " , " CO2 lags temperature " , " It 's freaking cold ! " , " CO2 is not a pollutant " and so on .
According to the site , the most frequently cited sceptic argument is " It 's the sun " .
You can read Skeptical Science 's rebuttal to this particular argument online .
This might shock some people , but I happen to agree with the sentiment underlying the request issued by Climate Realists for sceptics to build their own rival app .
I think it would be very constructive if they compiled a one - stop shop for all their arguments with full references and citations so that everyone could assess them calmly and dispassionately .
This would be done away from the white heat of the blogosphere cauldron where people can make any claim they choose and know it has the ability to stick – as proved just this week with the shameless , wilful twisting by the Daily Mail of climatologist Phil Jones 's remarks to the BBC about whether there has been a statistically significant rise in global temperatures since 1995 .
I await with bated breath .
Thousands of readers of the magazine “ Empire ” participated in the survey “ The worst movie of all time ” , and the final result was a list of these 10 movies
10 . The Room is a 2003 independent film written and directed by its star , Tommy Wiseau .
Without any studio support , Wiseau spent over $ 7 million on production and marketing for the film and failed .
9. Highlander II : The Quickening is the second installment to the Highlander film series , released on November 1 , 1991 by Interstar .
Upon release , this film was met with harsh criticism by both critics and audiences .
8 . The Happening is a 2008 thriller film that follows a man and his family as they try to escape from an inexplicable natural disaster .
The plot revolves around a mysterious neurotoxin from plants .
The film was nominated for Worst Picture , Worst Screenplay , Worst Actor ( Mark Wahlberg , along with his performance in Max Payne ) and Worst Director ( M. Night Shyamalan ) at the 29th Golden Raspberry Awards .
In “ The Happening ” nothing actually happens .
7. Sex Lives Of The Potato Men is a British comedy film released in 2004 .
The film is about the sexual antics of a group of potato delivery men in Birmingham .
The film was condemned by most film critics for being crude and tasteless .
The Times review called it “ one of the two most nauseous films ever made ” .
It was also controversial in that nearly £ 1 million of public money from the National Lottery via the UK Film Council was used to fund the project .
6. Heaven ’s Gate is a 1980 American Western film based on the Johnson County War , a dispute between land barons and European immigrants in Wyoming in the 1890s .
The film ’s production was plagued by cost and time overruns , negative press , and rumors about director Michael Cimino ’s allegedly overbearing directorial style .
It is generally considered one of the biggest box office bombs of all - time .
5. Epic Movie is a 2007 American parody film .
The film was a financial success despite its extremely negative reviews .
Rotten Tomatoes ranked the film 21st in the 100 worst reviewed films of the 2000s , with a rating of 2 % .
Producers of the movie Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer were nominated for the “ Worst Screenplay ” award at the 28th Golden Raspberry Awards .
Nothing Epic in this movie .
4. Raise The Titanic .
The novel was a bestseller .
The film , however , was poorly received by the critics and proved to be a box office bomb , losing most of its estimated $ 40 m budget .
Lew Grade , one of its major backers , is said to have remarked that it would have been cheaper to lower the Atlantic
3 . The Love Guru is a 2008 comedy film , directed by Marco Schnabel and starring Mike Myers and Jessica Alba along with Romany Malco , Justin Timberlake .
The Love Guru was panned by most critics .
The film was listed as the worst movie of 2008 in the New York Post ’s Top 10 Worst Movies of 2008 overview .
Before the film ’s release , some Hindus expressed unhappiness about how Hindus are portrayed , the disrespect of their culture and the bad impression that it would make for those not well exposed to Hinduism .
2. Battlefield Earth is a 2000 film adaptation of the novel Battlefield Earth by L. Ron Hubbard , staring John Travolta .
Critically , the movie was seen as a disaster and reviews were nearly unanimously bad .
The Washington Post commented : “ A million monkeys with a million crayons would be hard - pressed in a million years to create anything as cretinous as Battlefield Earth .
1. Batman and Robin is a 1997 superhero film directed by Joel Schumacher .
Based on the DC Comics character Batman , staring George Clooney .
Even him once admitted Batman & Robin , the schlocky 1997 superhero movie that jump - started the actor ’s career , was lame .
Now director Joel Schumacher ’s steaming heap of cinematic dung has been voted the worst film ever by readers of Empire magazine .
Atempting to pick out just one bad scene from Batman & Robin is impossible , and it certainly would n’t do justice to just how painfully awful the rest of it is .
The film is so dreadful that director Joel Schumacher actually apologized for it on the DVD commentary .
That ’s right , the man who proudly made 8 MM , The Number 23 and Cousins thought Batman & Robin was so bad that it warranted an apology .
We all loved Avatar , Hangover and other top movies from 2009 , but what did we actually learn from those movies ?
Check it out here , its hilarious
Wolfgang Wagner and his daughter Katharina wave after their arrival for the opening of this year 's Bayreuth Wagner opera festival outside the so - called Gruener Huegel ( Green Hill ) opera house in Bayreuth , July 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Michaela Rehle
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Wolfgang Wagner , a grandson of German composer Richard Wagner , who carried the torch of the family ’s musical legacy , has died at age 90 .
For 57 years since 1951 , Wagner directed the annual Bayreuth Festival in the southern state of Bavaria .
He worked initially alongside his brother , Wieland Wagner , until his death in 1966 .
“ Wolfgang Wagner devoted his entire life to the legacy of his famous grandfather , ” the festival said in a statement after his death on Sunday .
The festival , also known as the Richard Wagner Festival , dates back to 1876 and consists of opera performances such as “ Tristan und Isolde ” composed in the 19th century .
Held in July and August , it has played to sold out crowds since the mid-1950s .
Eager opera enthusiasts can wait as long as 10 years for tickets to the Bayreuth Festspielhaus theatre .
Wolfgang Wagner was born in 1919 in Bayreuth , Germany , the third child of Siegfried and Winifred Wagner .
He and his brother resurrected the Bayreuth Festival in 1951 , after a war court removed Winifred , a Nazi supporter , from her position as head .
Following his brother ’s death , Wagner continued to administer the festival , but handed over production of the operas to a number of well - known , experimental directors , which has helped keep the festival fresh over the years .
Since then , Wagner had worked with directors Goetz Friedrich of the Deutsche Oper Berlin , Sir Peter Hall of the Royal Shakespeare Company and Heiner Mueller of the Berliner Ensemble .
“ Wagner lived a happy and fulfilled life that was inseparable from the Bayreuth Festival ...
We are all very sad , ” festival spokesman Peter Emmerich told Reuters .
Disclaimer
Curious photos admits that though we try to describe accurately , we cannot verify the exact facts of everything posted .
Postings may contain Information , facts , speculation or rumor .
We find images from the Web that are believed to belong in the public domain .
If any facts , stories or photos / images that appear on the site are in violation of copyright law , please email [ curiousphotos [ at] gmail.com ] and we will remove the offending section as soon as possible .
However , there are some rules to remember :
I do NOT own these pictures .
YOU do NOT own these pictures .
Please do not ask for permissions to use these images in your projects , as I do not own the copyrights for them .
We swap democracy for dictatorship when we go from home to work .
Air grievances about politicians as a citizen and you risk nothing .
Speak out against managers as an employee and you risk your livelihood .
In normal times , biting your tongue is not too shameful a tactic .
Not all managers are monsters and , in any case , if workers broadcast their failings , the most obvious beneficiaries are their company 's business rivals , which may profit and grow , and drive the workers ' firm under .
The ignored lesson of the Great Crash of 2008 , however , is that when normal times end , the dictatorship of the manageriat can ruin companies and the rest of society .
What a falling off was there !
The most revered executives in the world , whose alleged brilliance justified the highest salaries in the world , turned out to be blind ignoramuses who did not begin to understand the dangers their banks were facing .
Like the leaders of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union , the further up the hierarchy they travelled , the less they knew about the true state of the organisations they claimed to be governing .
Fear protected them from rational criticism .
At RBS , Fred Goodwin and his enforcers accused anyone who questioned his vainglorious expansion plans of belonging to the " business prevention unit " .
They had to get in line or get out .
At HBOS , Sir James Crosby made the most expensive personnel decision in British banking history when he sacked his " risk manager " for warning that the bank 's incontinent lending was insanely risky .
A writer is never going to upset public sector readers by laying into bankers , but it is worth worrying about whether the public sector is in a position to mock .
The outcome of the election is in some senses an irrelevance .
Whatever the composition of the next government , it will have to introduce the sharpest reduction in public expenditure in living memory .
In theory , cutting back should not be too difficult .
Gordon Brown has doubled spending since Labour came to power .
We should be able to reduce it by 10 % or 20 % without services suffering overmuch , particularly when public sector workers , like private sector workers , know where their bosses are wasting effort and resources .
But therein lies the difficulty .
They are likely to stay silent because the cult of the supreme manager is as strong in the public sector as the banks , as is the fear it generates .
David Craig , whose books , including Plundering the Public Sector and Fleeced , earn him honourable mentions in dispatches on the follies of the centralised state , cites dozens of examples of a top - heavy bureaucracy .
In 1997 , the NHS had 12 hospital beds per manager ; now it has four .
Even in 2008 , when politicians were protesting that they wanted to protect front - line services during the recession , the NHS had a 2 % increase in medical staff and a 10 % increase in managers .
In local government under Brown , the number of people in councils earning more than £ 50,000 a year has shot up by a factor of 11 from 3,300 to 38,000 , while in the economy as a whole it only went up by a factor of three .
I could go on quoting him , but it ought to be clear that while the characteristic beneficiary of the Attlee era was the factory worker and the characteristic beneficiary of the Thatcher era was the entrepreneur , the characteristic beneficiary of the Brown era has been the target - setting manager , regulator or consultant .
Workers waste time and money on a vast scale to justify their salaries .
At Cafcass , which looks after vulnerable children before the family courts , a social worker must complete five forms to justify every action he or she takes .
You 'll not be surprised to learn that the forms come from a head office that has seen the number of bureaucrats double in four years and its budget increase threefold .
You can find the same story across the public sector .
Figures the government tried to hide from Parliament , for instance , show that probation officers spend a mere 24 % of their time dealing with offenders .
Completing returns and coping with administrative work fills most of the rest of their days .
Harry Fletcher , spokesman for NAPO , the probation officers ' union , explained why his members will never dare tell the public about how its money is being wasted .
As at RBS and HBOS , they must shut up or get out .
To take a recent case , a probation officer told him that prison managers were sending dangerous men to Ford open prison , from where they could wander out of the gates whenever they fancied .
When Fletcher told MPs and the press , Whitehall launched a search – not for the criminals , but for his source , and suspended her from work for embarrassing her masters .
Cafcass is quietly turning into a national scandal , but the emails Fletcher receives on how it is not delivering help to children or about how its managers are enjoying expense - account living begin : " Please do n't reveal my name ; if you speak out you are charged with bringing the organisation into disrepute . "
This week BBC's File on 4 will broadcast a documentary about the disaster in the family courts .
Not only did the Cafcass workers its journalists interviewed refuse to allow the BBC to use their real names , they insisted it distort their voices too .
It is as if they were terrified dissidents in a totalitarian regime rather than free citizens in a modern democracy .
The most interesting reform the Conservatives have proposed is not their over - hyped idea to allow public sector workers to form co-ops – Labour already allows that – but their plan to allow the public to check whether the state is spending wisely by publishing details of government contracts online .
Politicians should take the next step and think about allowing openness in the workplace so that when cuts come we do not see the managers who overspent in the first place protecting their positions and forcing others to pay the price .
Organisations have a collective wisdom .
If Britain is to draw on it , the first task is to contain and cull the managerial class which has taken so much while contributing so little .
Female homicide bombers are being fitted with exploding breast implants which are almost impossible to detect , British spies have reportedly discovered .
The shocking new Al Qaeda tactic involves radical doctors inserting the explosives in women 's breasts during plastic surgery — making them " virtually impossible to detect by the usual airport scanning machines . "
It is believed the doctors have been trained at some of Britain 's leading teaching hospitals before returning to their own countries to perform the surgical procedures .
MI5 has also discovered that extremists are inserting the explosives into the buttocks of some male bombers .
" Women suicide bombers recruited by Al Qaeda are known to have had the explosives inserted in their breasts under techniques similar to breast enhancing surgery , " Terrorist expert Joseph Farah claims .
The lethal explosives called PETN are inserted inside plastic shapes during the operation , before the breast is then sewn up .
The discovery of these methods was made after London - educated Nigerian Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab came close to blowing up an airliner in the U.S. on Christmas Day .
He had stuffed explosives inside his underpants .
Hours after he had failed , Britain 's intelligence services began to pick up " chatter " emanating from Pakistan and Yemen that alerted MI5 to the creation of the lethal implants .
A hand - picked team investigated the threat which was described as " one that can circumvent our defense . "
Top surgeons have confirmed the feasibility of the explosive implants .
Explosive experts allegedly told MI5 that a sachet containing as little as five ounces of PETN could blow " a considerable hole " in an airline 's skin , causing it to crash .
Click here to read more on this story from The Sun .
The Ten Most Bad Ass Jesuses
By Dustin Rowles | Lists | October 29 , 2009 |
10 . Leon Craig , Jerry Springer : The Opera
9. Tristan Bell , Zombie Jesus
8. Chris Pontius , TV the Movie ( at 1:46 )
7. Willem Dafoe , The Last Temptation of Christ
6. Matt Stone , “ The Spirit of Christmas ”
5. Jack Black , Prop 8 : The Musical
4. Phil Caracas , Jesus Christ : Vampire Hunter
3. Steve Coogan , Hamlet 2
2. Justin Theroux , The Ten
1. John Turturro , The Big Lebowski
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba .
You may email him here , follow him on Twitter , or listen to his weekly TV podcast , Podjiba .
Dutch fury at US general 's gay theory over Srebrenica
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Dutch officials have rejected a retired US general 's claim that its forces failed at Srebrenica because of poor morale over openly gay soldiers .
A defence ministry spokesman dismissed as " complete nonsense " the remarks by John Sheehan , a former Nato commander .
Gen Sheehan had been speaking at a US Senate hearing on allowing gay people to serve openly in the US military .
He said Dutch leaders had told him that the presence of gay soldiers had contributed to the Bosnian massacre .
Srebrenica was a UN safe haven under the protection of Dutch peacekeepers when , in 1995 , Bosnian Serb forces overran the town , killing some 8,000 Muslim men and boys .
Gen Sheehan said the former chief of staff of the Dutch army had told him that the presence of openly gay soldiers in the Dutch peacekeeping force were seen as " part of the problem " which contributed to the fall of Srebrenica .
He argued that since the end of the Cold War , European militaries had changed and he concluded " there was no longer a need for an active combat capability " .
' Totally off - target '
This " socialisation " process , Gen Sheehan said , " included open homosexuality " and led to " a focus on peacekeeping operations because they did not believe the Germans were going to attack again or the Soviets were coming back " .
Some 8,000 people were killed at Srebrenica in 1995 " It is astonishing that a man of his stature can utter such complete nonsense , " Dutch defence ministry spokesman Roger van de Wetering said in response .
" The Srebrenica massacre and the involvement of UN soldiers was extensively investigated by the Netherlands , international organisations and the United Nations .
" Never was there in any way concluded that the sexual orientation of soldiers played a role . "
The Dutch ambassador to the US , Renee Jones - Bos , added in a statement on the embassy 's website that she " could n't disagree more " with the claims by the former general , who retired from the military in 1997 .
In the US Senate itself , Senator Carl Levin , chairman of the Armed Services Committee , told Gen Sheehan he was " totally off - target " .
Several countries - including Britain , Canada , Australia and Israel - allow openly gay people to serve in the armed services .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - A British pair caught kissing in public in Dubai face up to a month in jail in the Gulf Arab emirate for indecency after an Emirati mother complained her child had seen their indiscretion .
The pair , a British man living in Dubai and a female friend , were arrested in November on accusations of kissing and touching each other intimately in public and consuming alcohol , their lawyer said .
They were ordered jailed for a month .
The case is the third time in under two years in which Britons have hit the headlines by falling foul of decency laws in Dubai , a flashy Muslim emirate popular with sun-seeking Western tourists and expatriates .
A lawyer for the pair , who launched an appeal on Sunday , said there had been no inappropriate kissing and the two were just friends .
A verdict in the appeal is expected on April 4 .
“ There was no lip kissing .
It was just a normal greeting that is not considered offensive , ” lawyer Khalaf al - Hosani told the court , adding the complainant ’s testimony was contradictory .
The British man ’s mother in London said her son , Ayman Najafi , had vowed to clear his name .
“ My Ayman is a good boy , he ’s very wise and mature .
I ca n’t believe it , ” his mother Maida Najafi was quoted as saying in The Independent .
“ He knows the rules over there .
He would never do that .
He would n’t even do it over here . ”
The pair , free on bail , were also fined 1,000 dirhams ( $ 272 ) for illegal consumption of alcohol , the lawyer said .
They were to be deported after the completion of their jail sentence .
Dubai ’s foreign population has expanded rapidly in recent years as expatriates flocked to the Gulf Arab trade and tourism hub for its tax - free earnings and year - round sunshine .
The changes have challenged the Emirati population , which is now vastly outnumbered by foreigners , raising concern that their emirate ’s rapid pace of growth is a threat to their social and religious identity in what remains a deeply conservative region .
In a high - profile case in 2008 , a British couple narrowly escaped jail after a court found them guilty of engaging in drunken sexual activity out of wedlock , and for doing so in public on a beach in the emirate .
They were sentenced to three months in prison followed by deportation , but had their jail terms overturned on appeal .
In a separate case this year , a British couple who shared a hotel room managed to escape trial in Dubai for having sex out of wedlock by producing a marriage certificate .
A British embassy spokesman said it could confirm that a British national was arrested in November and the mission had provided consular assistance , but gave no further details .
( $ 1=3.672 dirhams )
Otherwise , the TUN writer is only closed by the garbage collector , which can cause a long delay .
See Jigsaw - Code / Intra#285
Hollywood lobbyists are trying to launch an assault on Internet providers and fast track tougher anti-piracy legislation in the United States .
Ari Emanuel , the brother of White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , says the industry has been discussing these plans with President Obama outside of the public 's eye .
For years the entertainment industry has been lobbying for tougher measures against online piracy .
In France this has resulted in the implementation of a ‘ three strikes and you ’re offline ’ regime and many other countries are considering similar measures .
Thus far the United States Government has kept relatively quiet on this issue , but that does n’t mean that such plans are not being discussed behind close doors .
According to Ari Emanuel , a famous Hollywood talent agent and the model for the character Ari Gold in the hit series Entourage , Hollywood lobbyists are working hard to convince President Obama and others to ram through similar legislation in the United States .
“ We are in the midst of talking to the president and some attorney generals and [ we are ] trying to implement a three strikes and you ’re out rule , ” Emanuel said , while adding that this issue would most likely result in a “ fight with ISPs ” .
At this point it is impossible to assess the exact nature of these talks , but since Ari Emanuel is the brother of White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , there is no doubt that these talks are taken seriously .
President Obama , who vouched to decrease the power of lobbyists in Washington , is not turning a deaf ear to this one for now .
Before even considering the implementation of a three - strikes model , United States lawmakers might want to take a good look at what ’s happening in France .
Unlike earlier projections that up to 95 % of the file - sharers could stop downloading copyrighted content , the piracy rate has actually increased in the face of the new law .
The entertainment industry , nevertheless , continues to push legislation as the solution to online piracy , while ignoring their own role in the creation of the problem .
Engineers are working to bring large - scale solar power to the forefront of the energy sector .
There ’s nothing new under the sun .
Mankind has been trying to harness solar power for centuries .
There are legends of Archimedes defending ancient Greek cities by focusing the sun ’s rays onto enemy ships .
Leonardo da Vinci designed a system to heat water using solar power for renaissance Florence .
But now it seems that solar thermal power might be back , on a large scale .
Engineers in Australia , the US and Spain are building plants that use the sun to generate electricity ; not by photovoltaic ( PV ) reactions in semiconductors , but by simply focusing the sun to heat water , like Leonardo planned five centuries ago .
And while Concentrating Solar Power ( CSP ) is likely to face the fierce competition of the commodity energy sector , it might even form part of the electricity supply in overcast Britain , thanks to an ambitious plan to ’ sell sunlight ’ from the sunbaked plains of North Africa into Europe .
there ’s been industrial interest in CSP for as long as there ’s been industry Nicholas Ekins - Daukes
It ’s even making waves in the mainstream energy sector .
Areva , the French nuclear industry conglomerate , last month bought Australian CSP start - up Ausra , adding the technology to its renewables portfolio .
Areva ’s acquisition follows predictions of a large expansion of CSP , with installed capacity projected to grow rapidly from around 680 MW today .
2GW of capacity is under construction in Spain , with plants also being built in the US , Australia , North Africa and China .
The International Energy Authority predicts a global CSP capacity of up to 20 GW by 2020 .
Nicholas Ekins - Daukes , a solar energy specialist at London ’s Imperial College , said : ’ The problem ’s always been cost , but there ’s been industrial interest in CSP for as long as there ’s been industry .
During the Industrial Revolution , people realised that the only reason there had been a revolution was the availability of coal , and they started thinking about what would happen if there were n’t any .
People began building what were effectively CSP systems , but none were successful because it was cheaper to dig up coal and stick it in a steam engine .
Effectively , that ’s where we were until very recently . ’
The change has mainly been due to concern over carbon emissions and to an impending shortage in fossil fuels .
Government incentives for research into non-carbon power generation have fuelled its development , with feed - in tariffs in Spain and Renewable Portfolio Standards ( RPFs ) in the US , which fulfil a similar function , albeit to a lesser degree .
’RPFs do n’t really come close to feed - in tariffs – they provide about a third of the money that feed - ins give , ’ said Tom Mancini , project director of the National Solar Thermal Test Facility at Sandia National Laboratory in New Mexico .
’ But they did send the message to utility companies here that many states wanted them to be a little more environmentally conscious .
And they were prepared to pay a little for that . ’
Sandia ’s research is ambitious – it aims to reduce the cost of CSP electricity until it can compete with coal - fired power stations .
’ If you take a conventional pulverised coal plant , the price of electricity is about eight cents per kWhr , ’ said Mancini .
’ Look at a parabolic trough CSP plant , which is the most established form of the technology [ see side bar at bottom of page ] and the one we can estimate the cost of most easily , and it ’s currently 14 - 16 cents .
But that changes with a number of things . ’
Much of the cost of a CSP plant is due to financing arrangements , Mancini explained .
It is seen as a new technology with the associated risks , and so financiers charge a premium .
Similarly , contractors have little experience of building the plants , and so also charge a premium .
’ We expect costs to come down with experience of the systems and the learning curves in building and operating them , ’ Mancini added .
There ’s no denying that the equipment is expensive ; glass mirrors are complex to make at the tolerances needed , especially if they need to be curved .
’ The collectors are 55 - 60 per cent of the cost of a CSP plant , but you ’re basically buying what amounts to the fuel for the entire lifetime of the plant upfront , ’ Mancini said .
’ After that , the maintenance and running costs are relatively low .
We think we can bring the cost of CSP
Ekins - Daukes has his doubts .
He said : ’ It ’s going to be difficult for CSP to compete with coal on cost terms .
Even if you look at other forms of solar power , such as thin - film PV , the lowest - cost sheets are now coming down to about $ 1 per watt , and you ’d be hard pushed to get the same price for mirror .
Looking at competing against PV , there ’s an advantage for CSP in the installation and land preparation costs ; PV needs land that ’s been flattened by a bulldozer , and CSP needs a series of posts to mount collectors on .
But there ’s one huge advantage that CSP has – you can store heat .
That means that you ’ve got despatchable power , unlike every other form of renewable energy where you can only generate at certain times . ’
This is where the technology comes into its own .
Using a power - tower plant configuration , where a field of angled mirrors focus heat to a single elevated point , solar energy can heat a mixture of molten salts to around 560 °C , which can then be pumped to an insulated storage tank .
From there , the salt runs through a heat exchanger where it generates steam , cooling to around 250 °C , and ending up in another holding tank .
Sun worshippers
Man ’s efforts to harness solar power using CSP can be traced as far back as the 16th century ca 1500 Leonardo da Vinci designs concentrating solar power ( CSP ) system for city of Florence .
It is never built
Leonardo da Vinci designs concentrating solar power ( CSP ) system for city of Florence .
It is never built 1866 Auguste Mouchout invents the solar - powered steam engine , using a parabolic trough in place of a coal - fired boiler
Auguste Mouchout invents the solar - powered steam engine , using a parabolic trough in place of a coal - fired boiler 1860s - 1910s Development of CSP solutions for irrigation , refrigeration and locomotion
Development of CSP solutions for irrigation , refrigeration and locomotion 1913 Frank Shuman develops a 55 hp solar thermal station for irrigation in Egypt
Frank Shuman develops a 55 hp solar thermal station for irrigation in Egypt 1984 - 1991 Luz Industries builds Solar Energy Generating Systems plants in Mojave Desert , with a total of 354MW capacity using parabolic troughs
Luz Industries builds Solar Energy Generating Systems plants in Mojave Desert , with a total of 354MW capacity using parabolic troughs 2006 - 2008 Construction of PS10 and PS20 solar power towers near Seville , Europe ’s first commercial solar thermal stations .
Construction to continue until 2013 , when the whole facility will produce some 300MW of electricity
When it ’s sunny , you run the cold salt up the tower and heat it up again , but in the meantime you can generate electricity any time using the stored hot salt , ’ Mancini said .
’ As you are siting the plant in an area with a lot of sunlight , sunny days are n’t a problem . ’
Using high temperatures increases the efficiency of heat transfer , and the hotter the steam is , the more efficient the generating turbines .
’ We ’re looking long term for higher - capacity - factor plants , ’ Mancini said ; the capacity factor being the proportion of the time that the plant can generate electricity .
’ We think from our modelling that we can get a 60 - 70 per cent capacity factor , and apart from a nuclear plant , you ’re not going to get much higher than that . ’
This is particularly important because of the large land area needed ; Mancini estimates that five acres need to be covered for every megawatt .
Molten salt energy storage technology is in use in Spain , at the Andasol Power Station in Granada , although at a relatively small scale .
But these prove the principle , and could pave the way for an ambitious construction of CSP plants across the North African desert belt to generate electricity that can be traded with Europe via a ’ ring main ’ grid running around the Mediterranean .
This scheme is being promoted via the Desertec Foundation , which has gathered 12 industrial partners , including ABB , Siemens , Schott Solar , E.On , RWE and Deutsche Bank .
The goal is to cover around 6,000 k m2 of desert across North Africa with CSP plants using molten salt storage and air cooling for the electricity generation equipment ( a technology yet to be developed elsewhere – CSP plants in Spain and the US use water cooling ) .
The area sounds large , but Desertec points out that it ’s the same area as the Nasser Reservoir feeding the Aswan Dam in Egypt .
This provides 3GW of hydro power ; the CSP plants could potentially provide 100GW .
’ In many ways , Desertec is beginning to happen , although not in a co-ordinated way , ’ Ekins - Daukes said .
’ There are companies negotiating to build CSP plants in North Africa , and the French government is fostering a grouping of Mediterranean countries known as “ Club Med ” , which is looking at connecting up the grids . ’
However , he believes the achievement of Desertec ’s goals will depend on an agreement linking the technology development and deployment with more economic development , and more involvement from the host countries .
US President Barack Obama called Saturday for new spending cuts , warning the country must bring its ballooning deficit under control in order to be able to move forward .
“ Even as we make critical investments to create jobs today and lay a foundation for growth tomorrow — by cutting taxes for small businesses , investing in education , promoting clean energy , and modernizing our roads and railways — we have to continue to go through the budget line by line , looking for ways to save , ” Obama said in his weekly radio address .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We have to cut where we can , to afford what we need , ” he added .
The Obama administration acknowledged earlier this month that the budget deficit will swell to a record 1.556 trillion dollars .
Accumulating deficits beyond this year — although expected to decline — would double federal debt held by the public to 15.686 trillion dollars in seven years and push it even higher to 18.573 trillion dollars in 2020 .
Measured against the size of the economy , the 1.556 trillion budget shortfall in 2010 would equal a hefty and unsustainable 10.6 percent of the gross domestic product , the basic measure of a country ’s overall economic output .
Vowing to rein in this trend , the president praised so - called “ pay as you go ” legislation that he has just signed into law and that prevents Congress from approving new spending unless it is offset by budgetary cuts elsewhere .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Obama said this measure alone will not be enough .
He recalled that this year he had proposed another 20 billion dollars in budget cuts and called for a freeze in government spending for three years .
The president has also proposed a bipartisan fiscal commission to provide recommendations for long - term deficit reduction .
“ Unfortunately this proposal — which received the support of a bipartisan majority in the Senate — was recently blocked , ” Obama noted .
“ So , I will be creating this commission by executive order . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was published to the Web by the White House on Feb. 13 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP .
This is a test reactor at Etudes Chimiques et Physiques in France .
Scientists are reporting that such devices can be used to produce ultra-clean fuels .
Credit : Albin Czernichowski , Ph.D .
The process that lights up big - screen plasma TV displays is getting a new life in producing ultra-clean fuels , according to a report here today at the 239th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) .
It described a small , low - tech , inexpensive device called a GlidArc reactor that uses electrically - charged clouds of gas called " plasmas " to produce in three steps super - clean fuels from waste materials .
One is a diesel fuel that releases 10 times less air pollution than its notoriously sooty , smelly conventional counterpart .
" Low - tech and low cost are the guiding principles behind the GlidArc reactors , " said Albin Czernichowski , Ph.D. , who presented the report .
" Almost all the parts could be bought at your local hardware or home supply store .
We use common ' plumber ' piping and connections , for instance , and ordinary home insulation .
Instead of sophisticated ceramics , we use the kind of heat - resistant concrete that might go into a home fireplace .
You could build one in a few days for about $ 10,000 . "
Czernichowski noted that the reactors , about the size of a refrigerator , are custom designed to clean dirty gases produced by a low - tech gasification of locally available wastes , biomass , or other resources to produce clean mix of carbon monoxide and hydrogen gas to synthesize biofuels .
Corn farming regions , for instance , could use corn stover ( leaves and stalks left in the field after harvest ) as the raw material .
In urban areas , waste cooking oil from restaurants could be the raw material .
In regions that produce biodiesel fuel , glycerol could be converted into clean fuels .
Czernichowski pointed out production of biofuels results in huge amounts of glycerol byproduct — 200 pounds for every 2,000 pounds of biodiesel .
The glycerol is expensive to refine to the high purity needed for commercial use .
GlidArc reactors could transform glycerol into a clean synthesis gas ( the carbon monoxide and hydrogen ) for production of fuels , he said .
A professor with the University of Orleans , France , Czernichowski realized in 1986 that a branch of science called non-equilibrium cold plasma could be used to produce new transportation fuels that are less polluting than their conventional counterparts as they lack harmful substances found in traditional transportation fuels .
The technology gets it name from the use of a gliding arc of electricity to that produces a plasma inside the reactor .
The plasma allows chemical reactions to occur at dramatically reduced temperatures .
Gases from heating ( pyrolyse or gasification ) biomass or glycerol , for instance , become clean and chemically active , and this allows for the transformation of those materials into clean fuels .
" The main advantage of such biobased fuels that the GlidArc Technology can create is that they constitute " drop - in replacements " for fossil Diesel oil , gasoline or kerosene , and no modifications are needed in engines , vehicles and distribution systems , " Czernichowski said .
" The biofuels can also be used as additives to various types of engine fuels to improve certain fuel properties .
Another important advantage , of course , is their much lower toxicity for mankind and the environment compared to conventional fuels . "
Explore further Renewable Raw Materials
Doctor
Who will return for a sixth series in 2011 , it has been confirmed .
Executive producer Piers Wenger also announced a Christmas special for this year , penned by showrunner Steven Moffat .
Matt Smith will be returning for his second full series as The Doctor .
Shooting on the special and the 13 - episode sixth run will begin early July in Cardiff .
Filming on the fifth series wraps this Saturday ahead of transmission on BBC One at Easter .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Maybe Sheriff
Joe figures that if he runs for Governor of Arizona , the federal grand jury now investigating him wo n't indict him .
Could that be why he keeps playing up the drama of a possible candidacy for Governor of Arizona ?
You know , like in his latest Tweet , where he states -- as typed by one of his computer literate flunkies -- that ,
" Now my wife of 53 years has joined in to urge me to run for AZ Governor .
I have a big decission [ sic ] to make . "
Yep , the first decision is whether or not he should fire the PR staffer who can't spell .
The second " decission " is whether or not he should call up indicted former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich , and ask for advice .
Sheriff : Rod , I like your style .
Great hair !
You were the Guv .
Bur they indicted you anyway .
What gives ?
Blago :
Is this phone tapped ?
Sheriff , you have to make sure your @ # $ %&*!
phones ai n't tapped .
Sheriff : Damn federal prosecutors , always messin ' about in my bidness .
I 'm the shurf !
Them Democrats better not tap me .
Blago : But Sheriff , I 'm a Democrat .
Or was ...
Sheriff :
It 's all political , Rod .
It 's because of my stance on the illegals .
That 's why Obama wants to get me .
Did I ever tell you about how I broke the French Connection ?
And so it goes .
Now Ava Arpaio is urging Grampa Munster to run .
Hey , why not ?
Ava probably can't stand to have him at home , and we need the laughs .
In other news , state Senator Russell Pearce 's anti-Hispanic apartheid bill SB 1070 / HB 2632 goes to the House floor 's Committee of the Whole tomorrow for possible debate , a possible vote , and a possible fast track to Governor Jan Brewer 's desk .
Brewer 's expected to sign because she 's pathetic and needs to curry favor with far right - wing nativist nudniks , who probably wo n't vote for her in a GOP primary anyway .
Especially not if Arpaio runs .
This would be the time for the pro-immigrant activists to call out the troops for some sort of action at the state Capitol .
But , alas , many of the warm bodies that could be doing the protesting are on a caravan heading for the big pro-immigration rally in Washington , D.C. on March 21 .
Call it activist Spring Break .
Call it ironic .
Call it anything you want , but many of them wo n't be at the Arizona Capitol to watch Pearce 's state trespassing law for illegal immigrants get passed .
Assuming that 's what happens , I guess I 'd call them lucky .
The bill does a host of other unconstitutional things , like force local gendarmes to chase after undocumented gardeners and cooks , even if someone 's being murdered or raped nearby .
See , that 's the kind of state Arizona is .
We 've got our priorities straight .
Real crime does n't bother us .
But we 'll be damned if we 'll let some undocumented Mexican trim our trees for bupkis and get away with it .
Dagnabbit .
I 'm exaggerating , but not by much .
Do I sound disgusted ?
I used to be disgusted , now I try to be amused .
So I 'll be down at the Capitol tomorrow watching another round of nativist nastiness .
There 'll be at least one activist present to keep me company : Jen Allen of Border Action Network .
Her group keeps scrupulous watch on Russell Pearce 's doings , as well as other matters related to immigrants and the border .
Allen says BAN plans another rally at the Governor 's office on Wednesday , March 24 , like the one BAN and other activist groups had last week .
I 'm guessing most local activists will be back from their working vacations then .
Lydia Guzman of Somos America says she 'll be there to observe as well .
Guess that 'll make three of us to watch as Arizona burns with bigotry .
Not that I do n't love the Traveling Willburys .
I reckon everyone deserves the occasional road trip .
Plus , those activists on vacay may have the right idea : i.e. , leaving the state .
( Do n't get excited , haters .
I would n't give you the pleasure . )
The problem is coming back , of course , to the land time forgot , and forgot for a reason ... A place where dinosaurs like Pearce and Arpaio roam unhindered by progress , The Enlightenment or rational thought .
Crikey , what did I just step in ?
Sniff .
Ah , yes , Pearce was here .
Nothing like a little eau de oppression ... Take a deep breath , my fellow Sand Landers .
It 's ours for some time to come .
DETROIT --
By electing to have surgery , Kirk Maltby would have his chronically ailing shoulder repaired while also fixing the Detroit Red Wings ' salary cap dilemma .
The Red Wings waived forward Brad May on Friday but still need to clear $ 700,000 under the salary cap before activating defenseman Andreas Lilja .
That can be accomplished by placing Maltby on long - term injured reserve .
" Kirk Maltby has been playing with a chronic shoulder since last June and it's been progressively getting worse , '' Red Wings general manager Ken Holland said .
" We 'll have doctors , in the next couple of days , look at his shoulder and see if surgery is something we should look at it .
" The doctors have told him he definitely needs surgery in the off - season at the latest , if not before .
He 's been playing through pain . ''
Maltby is talking to doctors and his agent , trying to determine what to do .
Surgery would sideline the 37 - year - old forward for at least a couple of months , possibly ending his season , if not his career as a Red Wing .
" If Maltby wants to play hockey beyond this year he needs shoulder surgery , '' Holland said .
" It 's got arthritis .
They need to go in and clean up the shoulder .
He can't do normal training . ''
Holland said he did not attempt to trade a player prior to Friday 's 3 p.m. trading freeze , which expires after the Olympic break on Feb. 28 .
If Maltby opts not to have surgery and is n't placed on long - term IR , Holland said he must waive a player during the Olympic break , assuming Lilja is cleared to play by team doctors .
Holland said Lilja will have a physical , which must be done in a timely fashion , in the next couple of days .
He has been out for nearly 12 months with a concussion but has not experienced any issues during a four - game conditioning stint with Grand Rapids ( AHL ) , which the Red Wings cut one game short , telling Lilja to return home from Houston Friday night .
If Lilja fails the physical , he can get a second opinion .
If that diagnosis differs from the opinion of Detroit 's doctors , Lilja would see a third doctor , whose ruling would be binding .
The Red Wings are preparing as if Lilja will return soon , though Holland said he does n't anticipate he will play Saturday against Ottawa at Joe Louis Arena , the final game before the Olympic break .
" He 's a big body on the back end , he 's a great penalty - killer , good shot - blocker , he 's just going to be steady , '' coach Mike Babcock said .
" Because of his size he 'll make a huge difference to our team .
He 's a real positive guy , a real good teammate , good energy guy . ''
May , 38 , has until noon Saturday to clear waivers .
Holland told him to take 10 days during the Olympic break to decide on his future .
" We 're hoping he goes to Grand Rapids , but , if he clears , he has to make a decision whether he wants to go to Grand Rapids or call it a day ( retire ) , '' Holland said .
May was signed shortly after the start of the season to fill the role of enforcer .
He had no goals , one assist and 66 penalty minutes in 40 games .
" He did a real good job for us , '' Babcock said .
" Real good teammate , real good competitor , good man .
The reality is we 're still in a business and the dollars did n't add up , so decisions had to be made . ''
Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom spoke briefly with May and said , " He was down , it 's understandable .
He was n't feeling all that great . ''
Kronwall says he 's ready
Defenseman Niklas Kronwall said he felt good after Friday 's practice and expects to play Saturday .
He has missed the last four games after tweaking a knee injury that idled him for 10 weeks .
" The way it feels right now I do n't see a reason why I would n't ( play ) , '' Kronwall said .
Babcock , however , was taking a wait - and - see approach .
" I 'm not sure he 's back , because I have n't talked to the trainers , '' Babcock said .
" The last time he skated , the next day he could n't move .
So we 'll see what happens and then we 'll decide .
" Practicing one day and then saying you 're going to play tomorrow , we 've never done that before . ''
Kronwall said as long as he does n't experience a setback he should be able to play for Sweden in the Olympics .
Odds & ends
-- Forwards Pavel Datsyuk and Valtteri Filppula did n't practice Friday due to " maintenance , '' according to Babcock , who said both are expected to play Saturday .
-- Johan Franzen sent Swedish Olympic coach Bengt - Ake Gustafsson a text message letting him know he 's ready to play in the Olympics if called upon .
He can only be added if there is an injury prior to Monday , the day rosters are finalized .
-- The Senators are one of the hottest teams in the NHL , having won 13 of their last 14 games .
Goaltender Brian Elliott has started the last 12 games .
A Mississauga man has been arrested in a hit - and - run that left a 75 - year - old man dead on Monday .
Dominik Banka , 28 , is in police custody .
Police declined to say exactly what led them to him , but implied that a tip from the public may have played a part .
Officers said that the media carrying the story yesterday helped them .
The dead man , Charlie Woods , was the first of two pedestrians to be killed in 24 hours in the GTA .
Around 12 p.m. , a 76 - year - old woman , was crossing Rutherford Rd. in Vaughan from the south to north when she was struck by a white GMC Safari van that was exiting the highway .
The woman was taken to hospital , but died of her injuries .
The driver of the van was uninjured and remained at the scene of the accident .
The victim is the ninth pedestrian killed in eight days in the GTA .
Monday , a Mississauga man was killed in a hit - and - run accident .
Peel Regional Police said Charlie Woods , 75 , was crossing Lakeshore Rd. W. near Briarwood Ave. at around 10 p.m. when he was struck by a smaller , dark red SUV .
Witnesses said the vehicle went through a stop sign as it turned westbound onto Lakeshore from Brant Ave .
Police said it appeared to accelerate before striking the man , and did n’t stop after the collision .
The driver is described as a white male in his 20s or 30s .
Witnesses recorded part of the licence plate as “ AFB ” and said the SUV may also have a roof rack .
Police said the front of the vehicle was substantially damaged .
Police said it ’s not clear if the victim , who lived in the area , was in the crosswalk when he was hit .
“ He was the most wonderful , beautiful man , ” said Barbara Gale , a clerk at a nearby bargain store .
Residents said Woods and his dog Lucy were regular fixtures in the neighbourhood .
“ You could n’t ask for a nicer man , ” Gale said .
The death marked a particularly deadly week for walkers in the GTA .
The elderly man was the eighth pedestrian killed across the region in the last seven days , beginning last Tuesday , when a teenager in Vaughan , a young mother in Etobicoke and a senior citizen in the city ’s west end , were all run down on the same day .
Later in the week , a 24 - year - old woman was killed by a Brampton transit bus , a man taking a shortcut was hit by a GO train , and a father walking with his wife and 4 - year - old son was run over by a tow truck .
During Monday morning ’s rush hour , a 60 - year - old woman was killed by a TTC bus .
Four of the fatal accidents involved large vehicles making a turn ; one was the result of a driver running a red light ; another is being blamed on a confusing intersection .
Brian Patterson , president of the Ontario Safety League , said pedestrian deaths are often preventable .
“ It only takes a few seconds of distraction on the part of either the pedestrian or the driver to lead to the problem , ” he said .
Patterson and other experts pointed to a combination of factors for the rash of recklessness – from less daylight , to impaired visibility from salt - covered windshields , to mild weather spurring faster driving , to a growing inattentiveness among drivers and pedestrians alike .
What is clear , though , is that pedestrians are making up a much larger percentage of the total number of people killed in traffic .
Last year , 31 pedestrians were killed in the city , comprising almost two - thirds of all road deaths , and the highest total of the last five years .
Pedestrians were killed at five times the rate of drivers and more than three times the rate of passengers .
“ Our ( overall ) fatality numbers are good , ” said Toronto police Const .
Hugh Smith , noting a general downward trend over the last five years .
“ But we are noticing a spike in our pedestrian fatalities . ”
Since 2005 , annual road deaths in the city have decreased by almost 20 per cent , from 59 to 48 , while the number of pedestrians killed has increased , from 29 to 31 .
“ To me , that ’s way out of proportion , ” Smith said .
Across the GTA , pedestrians accounted for 42 per cent of all traffic deaths last year , and there has been a general upward trend over the last five years .
In general , pedestrian deaths increase with the size of a city , typically making up around 50 per cent of all traffic deaths in Toronto , Montreal and Vancouver , compared to a national average of only 13 per cent , according to the Canada Safety Council .
Smith said the situation is getting worse in Toronto because as the city crowds , people are n’t using their senses to protect themselves – blocking sound with earphones and limiting their vision with hoods and hats – and drivers are more distracted than ever .
“ Everybody ’s moving quickly , pedestrians are moving blindly and nobody ’s communicating . ”
Dylan Reid , co-chair of the Toronto Pedestrian Committee and associate editor of Spacing magazine , said the accidents should n’t be blamed entirely on drivers or pedestrians .
“ If you build a road like a speedway , then cars are going to speed along them , ” he said .
Reid said the city could use more public education campaigns .
“ Toronto is becoming a city where more and more people are walking , taking public transit and cycling , so I think we really need to remind everybody that Toronto ’s changing , it ’s becoming more crowded and you really do need to be looking out for each other . ”
With files from Madeleine White
PEDESTRIAN FATALITIES
Jan. 12 : Steven Seixeiro , 17 , of Vaughan , was killed on his way to St. Joan of Arc Catholic High School , by a truck turning right at Rutherford Rd. and Keele St .
Jan. 12 : Nouhad - Nicholas Al - Kassouf , 80 , of Toronto , died after being struck by a car around 1 p.m. as she crossed a Y intersection at Roncesvalles Ave. and Dundas St. W. Police said the driver had the right of way .
Jan. 12 : Marites Mendoza , 28 , was pushing a stroller with her 7 - week - old son across Martin Grove Rd. at Eglinton Ave. around 12.45 p.m. when she was struck by a car that allegedly ran a red light .
Police said a charge was pending against the 83 - year - old driver .
The baby was not seriously injured .
Jan. 14 : Gurleen Thabal , 24 , of Brampton , was killed by a Brampton Transit bus as it turned from Steeles Ave. W. into the Shoppers World bus loop around 6:30 a.m .
Jan. 15 : A 42 - year - old Milton man taking a shortcut along the Lakeshore railway line was killed by a passenger train at 1:30 a.m. just west of the Oakville GO station .
Jan. 18 . A 60 - year - old woman was killed when she was hit by a TTC bus about 7 a.m .
The bus was southbound on Mount Pleasant Rd. and turning right on Eglinton Ave .
Jan. 18 : Charlie Woods , 75 , was crossing Lakeshore Rd. W. near Briarwood Ave. at around 10 p.m. when he was struck by an SUV .
Witnesses said the vehicle went through a stop sign and police say it appeared to accelerate before striking the man , and did n’t stop after the collision .
Jan. 19 : 76 - year - old woman , was killed while crossing Rutherford Rd. from the south to north when she was struck by a white GMC Safari van that was exiting the highway .
Pedestrian fatalities in Toronto as a percentage of total traffic fatalities
2009
31 of 48 = 65 %
2008
27 of 54 = 50 %
2007
23 of 52 = 44 %
2006
30 of 57 = 53 %
2005
29 of 59 = 49 %
HANOI , Vietnam —
An adult female moon bear , clearly drugged , stared with bleary eyes from the " crush cage " that contained her — a cage so small she could n’t rise on all fours , let alone stand on her hind legs .
Not that she could , anyway , in her dazed condition .
On a monthly , weekly , or even daily basis , her owner would drug her , most commonly with ketamine — used legally by veterinarians to partially anesthetize a subject , but also illegally by date - rapists for roughly the same purpose — and jab her repeatedly with a lengthy syringe to find her gallbladder and suck out the bile .
Animal rights activists say the commonness of this practice , during which bears chew their own paws and moan , has risen steeply during most of this decade .
But by raiding farms , rescuing the bears , and attempting to educate the public they hope to curb bear bile farming .
Bile " farmers " offered to extract bile on the spot and sell it at less than $ 2 per cubic centimeter .
Traditional Chinese medicine proponents claim its properties can cure a variety of ailments including hemorrhoids and blindness .
Scores of bears , as large , or larger , than a man , which in the wild will migrate several miles in the course of a day , beat their heads against the bars of their tiny cages or chewed the iron , swayed from side to side and roared at visitors .
They were missing fur and teeth , and , when contrasted with bears in more favorable surroundings seemed to have acquired an ursine version of madness .
Even those on the bile farms that appear uninjured are probably not healthy , and most end up having their gallbladders removed after rescue , according to Tuan Bendixsen , the Vietnam Director for Animals Asia Foundation .
“ We found that with 80 or 90 percent of bears on the farms , their gallbladders are not destroyed , but they are useless , ” Bendixsen said .
“ You stab them enough times in the same place , you damage the liver , you damage the gallbladder , and it just turns to scar tissue . ”
Bendixsen said this is everyday life for an estimated 14,000 Moon Bears across South Asia — almost half of the estimated remaining population of a species that is listed by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature as threatened .
Bear bile farming is illegal in most countries , including Vietnam .
But it persists here and in India , Korea , China , Laos and Cambodia where demand for Chinese medicine practices is strong , and where local authorities rarely enforce the law .
Charity organizations like Animals Asia are working with governments in Vietnam and China to try to eradicate or reduce the practice of bear bile farming .
So far , the organization says it has rescued 219 bears in China and 48 in Vietnam , taking the Vietnam bears to a new facility sitting on 12 hectares of land in Tam Dao National Park , complete with outdoor tire swings , bamboo toys and a fountain .
At this moment , 18 bears that Animals Asia rescued a few weeks ago near Ho Chi Minh City ( Saigon ) and transported to Hanoi wait in quarantine , where they will be until around the first of March .
Even still in quarantine , the difference in their behavior is remarkable , Animals Asia veterinarian Kirsty Officer said .
“ When they first arrived , many of them were not used to being around humans [ who were n’t trying to extract their bile ] , so they would lunge at anyone who came near , ” Officer said .
“ But within a couple of weeks , they were sitting in their cages waiting to get a yummy treat . ”
But the rescue came too late for Raspberry , an adult male , whose organs had become so full of puss and scar tissue that his liver and gallbladder had grown together .
Veterinarians tried to save him , to no avail .
“ Raspberry ’s abdominal area was just one necrotic mess of infection , ” Heather Bacon , another veterinarian at Animals Asia , said .
“ His organs were in essence already dead .
And yet his pus-filled bile was still being extracted to sell to consumers . ”
So , is there any merit to the Chinese medicine claims of the healing powers of bear bile ?
Yes and no , Bendixsen said .
The most prized chemical in bear bile is UCDA , or ursodeoxycholic acid , which is used in the United States and elsewhere to treat some liver problems .
However , a wide variety of other substances also possess similar properties , and are readily available .
Interviews with herbal vendors in downtown Hanoi were inconclusive as to whether public education campaigns were succeeding in lowering demand , as vendors alternately wished to barter or get rid of journalists .
Animals Asia does not have the capacity to rescue all 4,000 bears in captivity in Vietnam , Bendixsen said , but American zoos are welcome to adopt them .
“ You ’d just have to convince the government of Vietnam , ” he said with a laugh .
Bristol ’s street art scene is extremely diverse and has many talented street artists at its forefront .
Bristol Street Art.co.uk is an interesting website that aims to catalogue past and present work by collecting photographs and logging the location of these street art pieces .
Here is a collection of 20 examples of Graffiti & Street Art direct from Bristol .
La scena della street art a Bristol è estramamente varia e vanta molti artisti di talento .
Bristol Street Art.co.uk è un interessante sito web che ha l’obiettivo di catalogare i lavori di street art passati e presenti , raccogliendo foto e registrando l’ubicazione di tutte le opere d’arte di strada .
Qui trovate una raccolta di 20 esempi di Graffiti & Street Art direttamente da Bristol .
> bristol - street-art.co.uk
> bristol - street-art.co.uk
> bristol - street-art.co.uk
> bristol - street-art.co.uk
This Week's Winner -
Over the last seven days ...
Arkansas : Pastor Shane Montgomery resigns after confessing to sex with underage boy he met online .
Florida : Rev. Gatson Smith convicted for stealing county grant money intended for the poor of Liberty City , Miami 's most destitute neighborhood .
England : Father Paul Symonds arrested for molesting a boy in the 1970s .
British Columbia : Pastor Larry Robert Collins sentenced to 15 months in prison for making an internet video simulating the rape of an underage female .
Collins also created fake online accounts pretending to be the victim and directing people to view the video .
Ohio : Pastor Christopher Evans arrested for sexual battery on a female minor .
Bonus : Evans is his church 's youth pastor .
Tennessee : Pastor John Franklin McCarroll acquitted of indecent exposure in famed " pastor at the glory hole " case .
McCarroll reportedly told an undercover cop ( in a public park restroom over an hour from his home ) that he wanted " some of that young stuff " and then waggled his dangle through the hole .
Bonus : McCarroll denied his come - on by saying that the cop " was n't all that young " anyway .
Meow !
Extra bonus : McCarroll has frequently preached against same - sex marriage .
Minnesota : Pastor Grant Junior Grayson indefinitely committed for multiple counts of molestation of preteen boys .
Newfoundland : Father Robin Barrett arrested for possession of child pornography , much of it " involving infants . "
Barrett has been relieved of duties by his Anglican diocese .
Uganda : Father Mutebi Bakka arrested for murder after leading a mob to a man he accused of stealing from his Catholic parish office .
Ontario : Father Kenneth Graham Gibbs charged with molesting two more underage girls following his November conviction on eight similar charges .
Ireland : Bishop Donal Murray has offered to resign over his role in the widening child molestation cover - up scandal after being censured by the Dublin Archdiocese .
Murray spent the week in Rome meeting with Ill Papa , who plans to issue a pastoral letter expressing his “ outrage , betrayal , and shame . "
The Irish order of the Sisters of Mercy have offered a $ 193 M settlement for the role of their nuns in the abuse and molestations that routinely took place at Ireland 's Catholic orphanages and schools .
So far over 2000 former students have shocked the Irish public with their stories .
Labels : religion , This Week In Holy Crimes
Toyota Motor Corp. “ deliberately withheld ” evidence in lawsuits related to vehicle safety , exhibiting a “ systematic disregard for the law , ” the chairman of a congressional committee said .
The firm created “ secret electronic ‘ Books of Knowledge ’ ” that included information about design problems , yet never disclosed their existence in lawsuits , according to internal company documents released by the committee Friday .
The allegations , made by Rep. Edolphus Towns ( D - N.Y. ) , who heads the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , came two days after Toyota ’s chief executive appeared before Congress to apologize for the automaker ’s handling of the sudden acceleration issue .
In a three - page letter sent to Yoshimi Inaba , Toyota ’s top official in the U.S. , Towns details a review of company documents that the committee obtained from Dimitrios Biller of Pacific Palisades , a former Toyota lawyer who handled product liability lawsuits .
The committee subpoenaed some 6,000 documents from Biller last week .
“ We have to get to the bottom of this , ” Towns said in an interview .
“ It is a situation that is just not going to go away if we ignore it . ”
Toyota said in a statement that it “ takes its legal obligations seriously , ” but that it ’s not uncommon “ for companies to object to certain demands for documents made in litigation . ”
The automaker said it is “ confident that we have acted appropriately with respect to product liability litigation . ”
Biller said he felt vindicated by the committee ’s allegations .
“ I finally felt that justice was going to be done , ” he said .
Towns alleged that the documents spell out a concerted plan to hide potentially damaging internal documents from plaintiffs ’ lawyers in personal injury lawsuits , particularly in rollover cases , which were Biller ’s specialty .
“ People injured in crashes involving Toyota vehicles may have been injured a second time when Toyota failed to produce relevant evidence in court , ” Towns wrote , demanding a response from Inaba by next Friday .
Towns ’ letter to Inaba , who also testified before the Oversight committee Wednesday , alleges a willful pattern of hiding electronic records in litigation and questions whether that reflects a companywide attitude to compliance .
Towns said he did not yet know whether he would call on Inaba to testify again .
The Biller documents , Towns said , raise a “ very serious question as to whether Toyota has also withheld substantial relevant information ” from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , which regulates auto safety .
A spokeswoman for the Department of Transportation , which oversees NHTSA , declined to comment .
Although most of the Biller documents focus on rollover cases rather than unintended acceleration , they do speak to the company ’s handling of safety disclosures in general , and potentially lift a veil on what Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton ( D - D.C. ) referred to as a “ culture of secrecy ” at Toyota .
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood acknowledged that federal regulators have “ had some issues ” getting information from the company .
The documents had previously been protected from public distribution by courts at the request of Toyota , which has called them privileged .
Biller , who worked at Toyota from 2003 to 2007 , is embroiled in several lawsuits with the automaker and had been seeking the right to release the documents to the Los Angeles Times .
Toyota has maintained that Biller is a disgruntled former employee and that disclosure of the documents would violate a severance agreement he signed with the company .
Four of the documents -- internal memos and e-mails from 2005 and 2006 -- were posted on the House Oversight committee website Friday afternoon , but were later taken down .
In an interview , Towns said he removed them because “ we wanted to give Toyota a chance to respond .
We want to give them time .
I want to give them the benefit of the doubt . ”
The documents portray a corporate culture that sought to withhold crucial safety information from opposing attorneys in liability cases , despite warnings from an in - house attorney that the company was violating U.S. legal procedures .
One memo , written by Biller to Eric Taira , another Toyota attorney , describes a failed attempt by Biller to produce evidence in vehicle rollover lawsuits .
Toyota “ did not want the information produced in litigation in the United States , ” he wrote .
“ Frankly , it is simply not acceptable for a . . . company with 30 billion yen sitting in the bank to not take action and devote the resources to fulfill its discovery obligations , ” Biller wrote .
Though most of Biller ’s work involved rollover cases , a 2005 document dealt with a lawsuit alleging that Toyota ’s electronic throttle system could cause sudden acceleration .
Another Toyota attorney wrote to Biller , saying the company had made seven software changes to address the problem .
“ The bad news is that this is very difficult , if not impossible , to fix , ” attorney Webster Burns wrote .
Toyota contends that the case in question did not deal with sudden acceleration .
In a 2006 e-mail , Biller explained to other Toyota lawyers that he was forced to settle a rollover suit involving paralysis for $ 1.5 million because “ frankly , plaintiff ’s discovery efforts . . . were getting too close to requiring [ Toyota ] to produce the ‘ Books of Knowledge . ’ ”
The plaintiff ’s attorney in that case had petitioned a Texas court to sanction Toyota for contempt in the matter .
Biller was to testify in that matter last week , but before he could take the stand , Toyota secured an emergency order from the Supreme Court of Texas blocking the testimony .
ken.bensinger@latimes.com
ralph.vartabedian@latimes.com
Do you want to launch a softball 50 - 60 feet without having to get down and dirty cutting wood , metal , and using power tools ?
Here ’s an easy way to build a fairly sizeable trebuchet out of cardboard and a few other basic materials .
For this project , the components are glued together and assembled with bolts for the axles .
A few small pieces of PVC are used to create axle bearings –this could be improved by using skateboard ball bearings instead ( side note : it ’s crazy that you can now get a single skate bearing for 99 cents ) .
Also , a commenter makes a great point that adding wheels will allow the trebuchet to rock as the counterweight falls , which allows the counterweight to follow a much more efficient linear path and increases the capabilities of the machine .
Glued corrugated cardboard develops a decent amount of strength while remaining fairly lightweight .
And as anyone that watched Punkin Chunkin knows , lower weight means faster speeds .
Keeping the throwing arm as light as possible is key for massive launches .
Follow all the steps on the Instructable here : Cardboard Trebuchet .
Also , I lied about the power tools part .
You may need a drill to create the opening for your axle .
No big deal .
And if you want something a little more desktop sized ( plus kill some time at work ) , check out the Paper Trebuchet instructable too .
Banking industry regulator Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. released a new tally of at - risk banks which places the total at 702 banks , or nearly one in every eleven FDIC - insured banks .
The banks on the list for the fourth quarter 2009 have assets totaling nearly $ 403 billion .
This is the highest amount of troubled banks since 1993 , but for obvious reasons the actual names of banks on the list are kept secret .
Last year was one of the worst in the history of the US banking system as 140 banks were seized by regulators , and another 20 have failed already this year .
The latest data out of the FDIC suggests that this year may in fact be as bad or possibly even worse than last year .
Even though more banks are at risk these days , the FDIC is less able to accommodate than any time in its history .
Because of all the funds needed last year , FDIC ’s coffers are running a deficit for the first time since the aftermath of the savings and loan crisis in 1991 .
The red-ink totals a record shortfall of $ 21 billion in the deposit insurance fund as of the fourth quarter .
FDIC Chairman Sheila
Bair is confident that the fund should be able to cover any further deterioration this year , “ assuming we do n’t have a significantly more adverse scenario than most people think . ”
I guess we should hope and pray that we do n’t get hit with the dreaded double dip , or else the regulator itself may need a bailout .
The FDIC insures depositors for up to $ 100,000 held at a single bank , so any amount in excess of that at a failed institution is lost .
With the number of at - risk banks at this high a level , it would be wise for anyone with a large amount of funds concentrated at any one bank to strongly consider diversifying their exposure .
The report does contain a silver lining as the banking industry was able to report a moderate profit of $ 914 million in the fourth quarter , which is certainly better than the $ 32.1 billion lost during the fourth quarter of 2008 .
Furthermore , the report stated that more than half of FDIC - insured banks saw improvement to net income as well as net interest margins .
But as the chart suggests , the credit crisis is still a threat to a great number of financial institutions .
If the economy continues to show improvement over the coming quarter , this list may begin to shrink and the FDIC fund will replenish itself .
However , if there is a double dip this year , financial stocks would clearly be extremely hard hit and the FDIC may be next in line for a government bailout .
FDIC Problem Banks List Balloons : What Recovery ?
Netherlands 132 for 6 ( Kervezee 39 , Nabi 3 - 23 ) beat Afghanistan128 for 9 ( Ahmadzai 23 , Jonkman 2 - 23 ) by four wickets
Scorecard
Mark Jonkman is congratulated after taking a wicket International Cricket Council
Afghanistan 's dream of a place at the World Twenty20 was placed on standby after their defeat to Netherlands at Dubai International stadium .
Put in to bat in an electric atmosphere with a crowd of well over 2,500 , Afghanistan were restricted to 128 for 9 , with several batsmen making starts but none able to push on for a big score .
Alexei Kervezee and Eric Szwarczynski got the chase off to a flier , and Netherlands weathered a late fightback from Mohammad Nabi and Hamid Hassan to register a tense four - wicket win .
Afghanistan had to be on top of their game in the field after posting such a modest total , but they let themselves down with several fielding and bowling lapses to allow Netherlands to take control .
Mohammad Shahzad , the wicketkeeper , put down a chance in the first over of Netherlands ' chase , and the 18 extras given away did nothing to help Afghanistan 's attempts to restrict the scoring .
In the tense closing moments of the game , Shapoor Zadran 's casual attempt at a catch let Ryan ten Doeschate , the last recognised batsman at the crease , off the hook and he lofted Hassan over mid on three balls later to seal the win .
Zadran 's economical opening spells have been one of the vital ingredients in Afghanistan 's success in this tournament so far .
He leaked runs against Ireland , but gave away just 21 runs in eight overs against Scotland and USA .
Admittedly , he would have been frustrated by the missed chance off his third ball today , but he was unforgivably wayward thereafter , giving away four boundaries in his opening spell .
Kervezee provided most of the momentum as Netherlands raced to 64 in under nine overs , but when he was bowled around his legs sweeping at Nabi , Afghanistan sniffed a chance for an unlikely comeback .
Nabi held on to a stinging return catch to get rid of Szwarczynski in his next over , and when Bas Zuiderent was trapped in front by Samiullah Shenwari for two , Netherlands had slipped to 74 for 3 .
Daan van Bunge eased the pressure with a towering six over long off , but when he was dismissed attempting to repeat the shot , the nerves set in .
Hassan has been a talisman for Afghanistan bowling at the death in this format , but without the weight of runs to put pressure on the opposition 's batsmen , his effectiveness was limited in this game .
As a proven wicket - taker he was also introduced a little too late , when only 39 runs were required off 48 balls .
After Peter Borren 's senseless run out , Hassan rattled Atse Buurman 's stumps with a searing yorker second ball , but ten Doeschate drew on his experience - and took advantage of a dropped catch - to guide Netherlands home with seven balls to spare .
ten Doeschate was named Man of the Match for his efforts , which included Nabi 's wicket when Afghanistan batted .
That dismissal was the third of the innings , after a double strike by Mark Jonkman , as Afghanistan slipped from 30 without loss to 32 for 3 .
Jonkman has built up a reputation as one of the quickest bowlers outside the Test arena , but he also exhibited a well - disguised slower ball to bowl Nowroz Mangal for 10 .
Confused calling then led to Mohammad Shahzad 's run out to reduce Afghanistan to 51 for 4 .
Raees Ahmadzai collected two fours in his 23 - the highest score of the innings - but after his dismissal wickets fell at regular intervals as Afghanistan slipped to 92 for 7 .
Ashraf aimed two massive strikes over long on to lift the score in the closing overs , but it was probably 20 runs short of the total Afghanistan needed .
Netherlands will be buoyed by this result , which gives them two valuable points ahead of their second encounter against Ireland tomorrow .
Afghanistan carried two points into this round courtesy of their win over Ireland in the group stage , so after today 's loss have a winner - takes - all game against UAE , who lost to Ireland .
DSHEA and the freedom to make health claims
Food control by a few
Copying the EU to bring about a world standard
Codex Alimentarius , the world food code
( Natural News ) The Center for Science in the Public Interest ( CSPI ) has put together a 158 - page report for the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) that contains detailed information about food manufacturers that it says are making false or misleading health claims about their products .
The powerful lobbying group is urging a restructuring of the regulatory system that would likely damage the nutritional supplement industry and eliminate freedom of health speech .
On the surface , the CSPI report primarily targets " Big Food " manufacturers like Kellogg 's and Nestle which have been making embellished , deceptive health claims about products that are essentially junk foods with miniscule amounts of vitamins and minerals thrown in .
But rather than address the need for the FDA to crack down on these illegitimate claims , CSPI is seeking to abolish the freedom to make health claims altogether .
The CSPI tactic is a popular one , identifying a legitimate problem while suggesting an illegitimate solution .
While on the surface regulatory " reform " seems to have consumers ' best interests in mind , the kind of reform suggested by CSPI would actually eradicate free speech by muzzling all legitimate health claims made for natural products .
As it stands under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act ( DSHEA ) of 1994 , health product manufacturers can legally make legitimate health claims about their products .
The Act provides for structure / function claims , which are not reviewed and authorized by the FDA , and qualified health claims , which are typically supported by conclusive scientific evidence .
Both types of claims are regulated by the FDA using an " innocent until proven guilty " approach which allows product manufacturers to include information at their discretion .
The FDA can challenge questionable claims if it perceives them to be false but it must provide conclusive evidence before requiring it to be removed .
If the FDA is unable to prove that a statement is false , manufacturers are permitted to print the information as long as the mandatory dietary supplement disclaimer is included on the container explaining that the FDA has not evaluated the claims .
Supplement manufacturers legally use both types of claims to educate consumers about the health benefits of their products .
However CSPI and other groups seem to believe that such a system should be disbanded .
Many organizations mistakenly believe and perpetuate the false idea that dietary supplements are wholly unregulated and that the entire sector is a free - for - all .
While there are some bad players , including Kellogg 's and Nestle , the majority of companies within the industry are making truthful , valid claims about their products .
Advocates worked very hard to pass DSHEA in 1994 , the single most important piece of legislation in protecting freedom of health speech in the U.S.
So why the push to eliminate it by the very groups and agencies that claim to support the public interest ?
It is important to understand that the players who stand to lose the most from increased restrictions and regulations are small - to medium - sized nutritional supplement companies , the true pioneers in the natural health world , not the large multi-national corporations operating supplement divisions .
Small manufacturers make up the majority of the supplement industry .
In 2007 , the FDA initiated its " current Good Manufacturing Practices " ( cGMP ) guidelines in accordance with DSHEA provisions that tasked the agency with ensuring that dietary supplements are manufactured safely and accurately .
As worthy as it sounds , the FDA ended up designing cGMP with large manufacturers in mind , placing an immense new burden on small manufacturers .
The one - size - fits - all requirements for daily operations and record keeping are expensive and laborious , making it virtually impossible for small manufacturers to comply .
The rules also mimic pharmaceutical requirements , many of which are pointless and unnecessary for supplements .
Hundreds of supplement manufacturers will likely be put out of business once the three year phase - in of cGMP is complete in June of 2010 .
The final installment on this date will force companies with fewer than 20 employees , which represent a large portion of the industry , into compliance .
This final group is said to be hit the hardest by mandatory compliance .
Many dietary supplement trade groups are on board with the FDA 's agenda , including the Natural Products Association ( NPA ) and the Council for Responsible Nutrition ( CRN ) .
The CRN membership roll is filled with multi-national giants such as Archer Daniels Midland , Bayer , Cargill , and Dow Chemical Company , as well as pharmaceutical companies like GlaxoSmithKline , Novartis , and Pfizer .
According to Dr. Robert Verkerk , the executive and scientific director of the Alliance for Natural Health , the two primary sources of attack against natural health freedom are European Union ( EU ) regulations and Codex Alimentarius .
The EU's Nutrition and Health Claims Regulation ( NHCR ) is arguably the most restrictive health law yet to be passed anywhere in the world .
Established in 2006 , NHCR allows health claims to be made only if they have been preliminarily approved by the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) .
In opposition to the U.S. model where a health claim is supposed to be considered valid unless proven false , the EU now operates under the Napoleonic law structure where a health claim is false and restricted until declared valid by an unelected body of bureaucrats .
Under the NHCR restrictions , no unauthorized health claims can be made in either print or speech .
This means that doctors are not allowed to recommend foods or supplements to their patients , nor can they offer any other type of health advice unless it has been rubber - stamped by the EFSA .
Even if scientific studies prove that a nutrient or food is effective at treating a certain disease , a doctor is prohibited from speaking about it unless it is formally approved .
The consequences of such a draconion restriction on free speech is the decimation of the natural products industry , including everything from trade shows and educational seminars to naturopathic practices and health food stores .
The restrictions on the free flow of health information also has the potential to eliminate over time all knowledge amongst the population about natural health , other than what is approved by the overlords .
All of this ties into Codex Alimentarius , the world food code designed to integrate and harmonize the world 's food guidelines for the purpose of power and control .
While Codex has not yet been fully implemented worldwide , the pieces are slowly being assembled as to eliminate all national sovereignty and bring all nations into unified , international compliance with its dictates .
In the United States , provisions in the NAFTA and CAFTA treaties helped to facilitate the harmonizing of U.S. law between North and South America , a precursor to late compliance with Codex .
Similar to the NHCR in the EU , Codex will operate under the Napoleonic law system , permitting only what has been approved to be lawful .
Codex 's Vitamin and Mineral Guidelines are also being designed to dictate which vitamins will be permitted for use and in what doses .
According to researchers , vitamin doses will be assessed using toxicity risk assessment , the method used in pharmaceuticals to determine the dose at which a drug becomes identifiably toxic .
When applied to vitamins , this method will ensure that permitted doses remain below therapeutic levels , rendering them useless .
The CSPI recommendations are merely a stepping stone toward a much larger goal of global control over food , for which supplements are only a part .
If successful , it could become illegal to even buy and sell unadulterated foods and supplements , let alone speak freely about their health benefits .
Sources for this story include : http://www.anhcampaign.org/news/anh-feature-...
Another Toyota Recall : Now It 's The Camry – And Maybe the Corolla Too Toyota notifies the government of a brake defect in the 2010 Camry .
Feb. 9 , 2010  --
In its second recall in one day , Toyota announced Tuesday that it plans to recall just over 7,300 2010 Camrys for a brake defect .
The problem , if not fixed , could result in leaking brake fluid , and make it more difficult for a driver to stop the car .
Earlier Tuesday , Toyota CEO Akio Toyoda announced the company had recalled 437,000 Prius and Lexus vehicles , the latest in a series of recalls that affect nine million cars worldwide .
The issue with the Camrys , according to documents filed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , is a power steering hose that is too long and can rub up against a tube for the left rear brake .
That could cause the brake tube to wear through , leading to a leak of brake fluid .
In the documents , Toyota says the problem was discovered during an inspection and it has n't seen evidence of this happening on the road .
The automaker says that Camry owners will get recall notices in mid-March and that all fixes should be done by the end of March .
Also today , NHTSA said it is reviewing a number of complaints about the steering on 2009 - 2010 Toyota Corollas .
In a statement , the government said this is standard procedure with complaints and that as of yet , no official investigation has been opened .
At the same time , NHTSA has received a number of complaints about possible steering problems with 2009 and 2010 Corollas .
" We are reviewing steering complaints with the Corolla , " said NHTSA in a statement , " to determine if a safety defect investigation is warranted , as is standard procedure with all complaints . "
The first recall announced Tuesday related to a software problem that controls the antilock braking system includes the 2010 model Prius and Lexus HS250h in North America .
Toyota spokesperson Ririko Takeuchi told ABC News 155,000 vehicles will be recalled in North America including 139,000 3rd generation Prius and 16,000 Lexus models .
" Let me assure everyone , " Toyoda said from the company 's global headquarters , " that we will re-double our commitment to quality as a lifeline of our company with myself taking the lead . "
In Japan , four hybrid models will be recalled – the 2010 Prius , the Prius Plug - in Hybrid , the Sai model sold in Japan and the Lexus HS250h .
The latter three models were introduced in the country last year .
Toyota Motor Corporation ( TMC ) will notify hybrid owners of the recall in Japan beginning today .
Corrective programming to fix the ABS software program is expected to start Feb. 10 in Japan .
The fix process is estimated to take about 40 minutes per vehicle .
Details to notify owners in the US were not yet available .
Toyota Executive Vice President Shinichi Sasaki presented a detailed technical explanation of the brake problem during the press conference that lasted about two hours .
The executives advised customers with cars not already fixed to brake firmly as they said the problems have been from customers braking too softly .
" If you are riding on a vehicle before the counter measure , " Toyoda said as translated , " and experience this release feeling , in that case , please apply further force on the brakes and it's safe . "
TMC has repeatedly denied withholding information from the public about the global recalls .
When asked by ABC News when , specifically , Toyoda first heard of the Prius problem he said as translated , " I can not recall the exact month and day when we were notified first .
I constantly receive all sorts of information .
The department of quality control closely reviews each aspect to guarantee the quality .
If you ask when , the answer is this year . "
Toyoda Strives to Gain Back Customer Loyalty
Toyoda , who plans to visit the US to address Toyota employees about the situation , said he has not yet fixed his own Prius .
When asked by ABC News if any Toyota officials would be held responsible for the global recall Toyoda said , " In regards to responsibility , Toyota 's responsibility is that we have to truly cooperate together to regain the trust of our customers . "
" I do n't personally believe Toyota is failure proof , " Toyoda said as translated , " But when we receive inquires or reports from customers we make sure that all of those things are corrected and modified , ( we ) implement improvement so that we can provide better products for our customers .
We have done that in the past and we will continue to do so in the future as well . "
" We will do everything in our power , " Toyoda said in English , " to gain the confidence of our customers . "
Miki Toda contributed to this report .
One recent TripAdvisor review of the agrotourism destination Schrute Farms awarded four stars , lavishly praising the food , while another yielded just one star , casting aspersions on the owners ’ sanity .
This wild disparity is especially odd because Schrute Farms does n’t even exist .
The farm “ belongs ” to Dwight Schrute of the NBC series “ The Office ” ( and his eccentric cousin Mose ) .
In September 2007 , the show asked to use TripAdvisor , a travel Web site , in an episode in which Dwight turns his beet farm into a bed and breakfast .
Christine Petersen , the chief marketing officer for TripAdvisor , was thrilled .
“ We do n’t have a big marketing budget and do n’t do TV ads , ” she said .
“ This was the big time . ”
TripAdvisor set up a review page , thinking it would be good for a quick laugh or two .
Paul Lieberstein , who wrote the episode , called “ Money , ” never even went back to the site afterward .
“ We thought it would be fun , but then we did n’t think about it anymore , ” he said in an interview .
Image Rainn Wilson as Dwight Schrute , beet farmer and agrotourism hotelier .
Credit ... Paul Drinkwater / NBC
But Schrute Farms is still doing big business — for TripAdvisor .
Reruns and DVDs keep inspiring new visits to the site and there are now over 600 reviews ( more than for many major Manhattan hotels , Ms. Petersen said ) .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is building a large - scale grass - roots political operation that has begun to rival those of the major political parties , funded by record - setting amounts of money raised from corporations and wealthy individuals .
The chamber has signed up some 6 million individuals who are not chamber members and has begun asking them to help with lobbying and , soon , with get - out - the - vote efforts in upcoming congressional campaigns .
The chamber ’s expansion into grass - roots organizing -- coupled with a large and growing fundraising apparatus that got a lift from Supreme Court rulings -- is part of a trend in which the traditional parties are losing ground to well - financed and increasingly assertive outside groups .
The chamber is certainly better positioned than ever to be a major force on the issues and elections it focuses on each year , analysts think .
The new grass - roots program , the brainchild of chamber political director Bill Miller , is concentrating on 22 states .
Among them are Colorado , where incumbent Democratic Sen. Michael Bennet is vulnerable ; Arkansas , where Democratic Sen. Blanche Lincoln faces an uphill reelection battle ; and Ohio , where the chamber sees opportunities in numerous House races and an open Senate seat .
The network , called Friends of the U.S. Chamber , has been used to generate more than a million letters and e-mails to members of Congress , 700,000 of them in opposition to the Democratic healthcare plan .
That is an increase from 40,000 congressional contacts generated in 2008 .
What makes the initiative possible is a swelling tide of money .
The chamber spent more than $ 144 million on lobbying and grass - roots organizing last year , a 60 % increase over 2008 , and well beyond the spending of individual labor unions or the Democratic or Republican national committees .
The chamber is expected to substantially exceed that spending level in 2010 .
The chamber ’s expanding influence is worrisome to top officials in the White House -- including Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , who has expressed concern about the chamber in the past , and senior advisor Valerie Jarrett , who tried to build direct contacts with company executives last fall when the chamber was fighting the administration ’s legislation to regulate carbon emissions .
Several companies , including Pacific Gas & Electric and Apple , left the chamber over its stance on climate policies , but since then many more firms have joined and made substantial contributions , chamber President Tom Donohue said .
Amassing cash
Two major factors are driving the chamber ’s growing success in fundraising .
First , President Obama and Democratic majorities in both houses of Congress have alarmed a widening circle of business leaders with their calls for greater government involvement in healthcare , tighter federal regulation of the financial industry and legislation to help unions organize workers , among other issues .
Second , the recent Supreme Court ruling that corporations have a free - speech right to spend money to help elect or defeat candidates not only struck down a century of laws limiting such spending , but it also made many business executives feel more comfortable about using corporate money for political purposes .
Industries that are the most directly affected by Washington policies and regulations -- pharmaceuticals , for example -- have always spent lavishly on lobbying and politics .
But many others have held back , deterred by concern over violating the complex laws on campaign spending and by a general sense that putting money into politics might open companies to criticism .
The Supreme Court decision appears to have allayed those concerns , according to corporate lawyers and others involved in the process .
“ In the past a lot of companies and wealthy individuals stood on the sidelines , ” said Robert Kelner , who heads the Election and Political Law Practice Group at Covington & Burling , one of Washington ’s most influential corporate law firms .
“ In just the last election , we had the spectacle of John McCain threatening to prosecute his own supporters if they spent their money on outside groups that ran advertising in the presidential race .
“ That cloud has been lifted , ” he said .
Anonymity
Using trade associations such as the chamber as the vehicle for spending corporate money on politics has an extra appeal :
These groups can take large contributions from companies and wealthy individuals in ways that will probably avoid public disclosure requirements .
The chamber has developed that into something of a specialty :
Under a system pioneered by Donohue , corporations have contributed money to the chamber , which then produced issue ads targeting individual candidates without revealing the names of the businesses underwriting the ads .
At the chamber , officials contend that rising donations are less the result of the recent Supreme Court ruling than they are of a 5 - 4 decision in 2007 in which the court ruled it was unconstitutional to ban issue - related advertising close to an election .
As a result of that ruling , the chamber was able to spend $ 1 million on so - called issue ads in the final days of the Massachusetts Senate race in January to help elect Scott Brown , the state ’s first Republican senator in decades .
As ominous music played in the background of one of the ads , a moderator intoned : “ Washington politicians continue to fail us .
More spending and fewer jobs .
Scott Brown . . . supports measures that hold spending and cut taxes .
. . . Call Scott Brown .
Thank him . ”
Powerful as the effect of such advertising could be , the chamber and its allies expect the next big expansion of influence will come in street - level organizing and voter turnout operations .
Miller , a former chief of staff to a GOP lawmaker and co-owner of a restaurant in Washington ’s tony Georgetown section , built up the chamber ’s grass - roots organization in 2008 and expanded it in 2009 with the help of consulting firms .
Studying magazine subscriptions , voter registration and consumer buying habits , the consultants built a list of potential allies in 122 key congressional districts .
Individuals were invited to join the Friends of the U.S. Chamber initiative and were promised updates and special insights on Washington .
They were then “ activated , ” asked to write letters or call Congress on a particular issue or get involved in events in the districts .
Miller said the so - called activation rate was “ roughly equivalent ” to the rate claimed by Organizing for America , the network known as Obama for America during the presidential campaign , which has twice as many members .
The chamber has also given its staff , especially senior leaders , incentives to push fundraising .
They are now working , in effect , on a commission system : the more money they bring in , the more they are compensated .
Leaning right
Officially , the chamber is a bipartisan nonprofit organization , but over the last decade it has tilted decidedly toward the Republicans .
During 2008 , 86 % of the spending by the chamber ’s political action committee went to Republicans .
Far more was spent on issue ads , most supporting GOP candidates .
The chamber says it represents 3 million companies that pay dues to the national chamber or a local affiliate , though internal documents suggest the organization ’s treasury is filled in substantial part by contributions from a couple dozen major corporations most affected by Washington policymakers .
Tax records from 2008 show that 19 companies or individuals paid between $ 1 million and $ 15.3 million , providing a third of the chamber ’s total revenue that year .
Because the chamber is a nonprofit , it must disclose donations , but not necessarily the identity of the donors .
The chamber insists that those donors remain anonymous .
Some labor - backed organizations , such as Working America , which has 3 million nonunion members nationwide , have also declined to release details of its donors , which suggests a rocky road for legislation to require more transparency .
tom.hamburger@ latimes.com
Kim Geiger of the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
Ecology is n’t as popular as other fields of science like physics or astronomy .
However , that does n’t mean it ’s useless .
In fact , a better understanding of ecology can help us save our planet .
Learn more about the dynamics between living things and their environment with these ecology facts .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts 27,000 trees get cut down every day to make toilet paper alone .
Humanity uses an estimated 80 trillion aluminum cans every year .
Plastic waste kills an estimated 1 million aquatic animals in the sea every year .
Glass takes at least 4000 years to break down in full .
On average between 150 to 200 species go extinct in a single day .
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek and Richard Bradley introduced the concepts of food chains , population regulation , and productivity in the 17th century .
Alexander von Humboldt first recognized ecological gradients in the 18th century .
Charles Darwin developed the Theory of Evolution and laid down the foundation of soil ecology in the 19th century .
Ernst Haeckel first called the field ecology in 1866 .
Starting in the early 20th century , ecology shifted from a descriptive science to analytical science .
Frederic Clements introduced the idea of superorganisms in 1905 .
Vladimir Vernadsky introduced the idea of biospheres in the 1920s .
Raymond Lindeman introduced trophic dynamics in 1942 .
Kinji Imanishi introduced the ideas of natural harmony and habitat segregation in the 1950s .
Ecology played a major factor in the environmentalist movements of the 1960s and 1970s .
Ecology translates from Greek to English as the “ study of the house . ”
Ecology is a multidisciplinary field .
Applications of ecology range from environmental conservation to urban planning .
Cities have ecosystems too .
Old or destroyers computers pose an environmental hazard because of toxic materials in their components .
Table of Contents 01 Ecology Facts Infographics 02 Ecology is organized according to a heirarchy .
03
In ecology , small changes can be catastrophic .
04 Habitats are an important concept in ecology .
05 A related concept to habitats is the niche .
06 Some species can build their own niches .
07 Evolution is one of the most misunderstood concepts in ecology .
08 Behavioral ecology ties with evolution .
09 Coevolution is an ecological phenomenon where multiple species cooperate to survive and thrive .
10 Another ecological concept related to evolution is biogeography .
11 Selection
Theory is an ecological theory on the effects of population on evolution .
12 Biomes can be both big and small at the same time .
13 Community ecology studies relationships between species .
14 Social ecology studies how species interact .
15 The Park Grass Experiment is one of the longest - running experiments in ecology .
16 Holism is a basic concept in ecology .
17 Food chains are among the most basic concepts in ecology .
18 Trophic levels are another hierarchy in ecology .
19
The biosphere is the biggest in the ecological hierarchy .
20 Global warming is not the only way humanity affects the biosphere .
21 Ecology helps humanity reverse its negative effects on the biosphere .
Ecology Facts Infographics
Ecology is organized according to a heirarchy .
This hierarchy goes from small units to big ones .
The smallest unit is the genes that make up the DNA of every living thing on Earth .
The next step on the hierarchy is cells , the basic unit of all life .
From cells , next in the hierarchy are tissues , organs , organisms , and species .
This is followed by populations , communities , ecosystems , biomes , and the biosphere .
In ecology , small changes can be catastrophic .
One of the most important ecology facts is its delicate balance .
A small change in any level of the hierarchy could affect the biosphere as a whole .
For example : A drop in sea otter populations will lead to an increase in sea urchins , a staple food for sea otters .
Sea urchins feed on kelp , and their rising population would eliminate large stretches of kelp .
This , in turn , will affect other species that feed on kelp , such as sea cows and other marine animals .
Read also : More Amazing Science Facts
Habitats are an important concept in ecology .
Habitats refer to the kind of environment in a given area , which affects the evolution of species that live there .
For example , animals in hot areas with limited water like deserts evolved nocturnal lifestyles .
By being active at night , nocturnal creatures avoid the extreme heat of the day .
Evolution is not limited to animals either .
Plants in desert environments evolved deep and long - reaching roots to collect limited water with .
They also evolved the ability to store large amounts of water , as demonstrated by the cactus .
A related concept to habitats is the niche .
A niche is a specific set of conditions that allows a single species to thrive .
Ecologists further divide niches into fundamental and realized niches .
A fundamental niche only includes environmental factors , while a realized niche includes other factors .
At present , ecologists still debate whether or not it ’s possible for several species to share a single niche .
Some species can build their own niches .
An example of this is termite nests .
These nests provide more than a home for the termites but keep temperature and humidity within their species ’ comfort zone .
They also provide protected spaces for the termites and their young .
Another example is how beavers build dams to make ponds wherein they live safe from predators .
These ponds also serve to ensure that beavers have enough food to live on in winter .
How ’s that for ingenuous examples of Ecology Facts ?
Evolution is one of the most misunderstood concepts in ecology .
Often , evolution gets defined as survival of the fittest by natural selection .
People interpret this as the strongest or smartest species surviving at the expense of other species .
However , this is n’t actually the case .
In fact , evolution does n’t say anything about species being stronger or smarter than others .
Instead , evolution entails that an animal must adapt to their habitat in the best way .
Adaptable species then pass on traits to their offspring , so they can also cope with their environment .
How ’s that for ecology facts ?
Behavioral ecology ties with evolution .
A species ’ behavior determines how they adapt to the environment .
It also plays a role in passing their genes onto the next generation , and the development of courtship and mating behavior in different species .
Survival instincts such as fight or flight response are another example , based on the hypothesis that animals can only pass on their genes and traits if they avoid getting killed by a predator .
Coevolution is an ecological phenomenon where multiple species cooperate to survive and thrive .
Coevolution further disproves the concept that evolution works against other species .
For example , flowering plants evolved in cooperation with various insect species , particularly bees .
Flowering plants provide sugars in nectar for bees to collect and process into honey for food .
In return , the insects carry pollen between different flowers and thus drive the plants ’ reproductive processes .
Read also : 40 GMO Facts That You Really Should Know About
Another ecological concept related to evolution is biogeography .
Biogeography is the study of the relationship between geography and life .
It also studies how species migrated across the Earth over time , and how migration contributed to their final form today .
The connection to evolution lies in how species adapt to survive and thrive to their environment as it changes with their migration .
Selection
Theory is an ecological theory on the effects of population on evolution .
According to Selection
Theory , small populations mean abundant resources .
This leads to little pressure to compete and adapt , with little changes to a species ’ individuals .
In contrast , bigger populations bring limited resources .
This causes competition for those resources , introducing the pressure to adapt .
The resulting adaptations are then passed onto the next generation , causing the species to evolve and reflect them .
Biomes can be both big and small at the same time .
Biomes are usually among the bigger steps of the ecological hierarchy .
Scientists usually name biomes after their climates , such as tropical rainforests or hot deserts .
However , the size of biomes can also depend on the scale of the life forms living in it .
For us humans , we have deserts and rainforests .
But for bacteria and other microbes , their hosts become biomes in themselves .
Biologists call them microbiomes .
How ’s that for ecology facts ?
Community ecology studies relationships between species .
Community ecology studies how various species affect each other within a given area .
Environmental factors are also considered in community ecology .
This includes the arrival of invasive species ( pests ) , or the extinction of old species .
Changes in the weather or climate , as well as other natural resources like clean water , also affect communities .
Social ecology studies how species interact .
As the name implies , it involves the study of social animals such as humans , dogs , small mammals – even as small as spiders and mold .
Social ecologists discovered that society in nature is both genetic and non-genetic in nature .
Species related to each other are naturally - inclined towards their kind .
However , ecologists have also observed unrelated species coexisting according to mutual interests .
The Park Grass Experiment is one of the longest - running experiments in ecology .
Conducted from 1856 until now , the Park Grass Experiment is one of the longest - running studies in science .
Based in Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom , the experiment studies the effects of fertilizers on hay yields .
The study has since discovered that most other studies underestimate the long - term effects of fertilizers , such as on soil acidity .
Others include insights on how plant competition and climate change relate to each other , and evolutionary changes at the micro-level .
The experiment also provided long - term evidence for air pollution studies for over a century .
How ’s that for neat ecology facts ?
Read also : 48 Interesting Number Facts That Count
Holism is a basic concept in ecology .
Introduced in 1926 by Jan Smuts , holism proposes that ecosystems are more than the sum of their parts .
Holism also concludes that life forms are self - organizing , and systems involving life forms operate independently from the individual species that comprise it .
Smuts describes ecosystems as a result of how species interact with each other .
Food chains are among the most basic concepts in ecology .
One of the ecology facts that you ’ve probably heard in grade school is the existence of food chains .
Other than illustrating how energy is passed around by different species , food chains also show how linked and connected each species is .
Much like how a chain breaks with the removal of a single link , a food chain will also fall apart with the extinction of a single species .
Trophic levels are another hierarchy in ecology .
They ’re also similar to food chains , but unlike food chains , trophic levels are pyramidal .
Trophic levels also illustrate how species are dependent on each other .
Abiotic or nonliving sources of food and energy are also considered in trophic levels .
At the very bottom of the trophic pyramid is soil , followed by plants that depend on the soil for nourishment .
Since plants use photosynthesis and draw minerals and others from the soil , ecologists call them autotrophs or producers .
Below and above them are heterotrophs , or consumers .
Below plants are microbial and fungal life forms , which consume dead plants or animals for food .
Above plants are animals , divided into primary or secondary predators .
Primary predators are more common , feeding on plants for nourishment .
Secondary predators are less common and feed on both plants and primary predators for nourishment .
The biosphere is the biggest in the ecological hierarchy .
All the processes and factors affecting biospheres are planetary in scale .
This includes the water , carbon , and nitrogen cycles among others .
At present , the most concerning factor for ecologists is the manmade increase in greenhouse gases , causing the greenhouse effect to go into overdrive , resulting in global warming .
Global warming is not the only way humanity affects the biosphere .
In fact , humanity ’s advancement affected the biosphere even in prehistoric times .
Humanity drove entire species to extinction long before civilization arose , such as woolly mammoths and the saber - toothed cat .
The development of agriculture caused a massive shift in the plant kingdom , with the rise of vast fields of homogenous crops like wheat or rice as staple food .
Civilization only increased humanity ’s impact on the biosphere , especially with the Industrial Revolution .
Humanity ’s unprecedented effect on the planet dating back to the last Ice Age has been described as the Anthropocene .
Ecology helps humanity reverse its negative effects on the biosphere .
By uncovering how all life in the world depends on each other and the environment , ecologists then figure out how humanity ’s actions affect other life forms and the environment .
This teaches humanity how to reverse or reduce the negative effects of our civilization .
Examples of this include reforestation efforts , as well as animal conservation efforts .
The development of green energy and green industrial processes are also examples of how humanity can maintain its advanced civilization without damaging the environment even further .
A £ 10 m prize for taming the stormy Scottish seas by building a working marine energy station was opened for entries today .
The global competition , funded by the Scottish government , aims to replicate the success of bounties such as the Ansari X prize which in 2004 led to the first private spaceflight .
The Scottish energy minister , Jim Mather , said the £ 10 m
Saltire prize was the world 's most valuable government - funded prize for technology innovation , but critics complained that it was a wasteful " vanity project " .
The status of the competition was boosted by the disclosure that the Crown Estate , the agency that owns the UK 's seabed out to 12 nautical miles , will enable the shortlisted entries to be tested at sites off the west coast of Scotland .
Mather also clarified the rules for the prize : the winning entry , harnessing the power of tides or waves , will have to generate 100GWh of electricity over a two - year trial period sometime between 2012 and 2017 , enough to power 10,000 homes .
The prize was first proposed in Washington DC by Alex Salmond , Scotland 's first minister and Scottish National party leader , in April 2008 , to boost investment and expertise in marine renewables and to promote the significant potential of Scottish coastal waters .
So far , there have been 140 registrations of interest .
The competition will be open to existing designs and established marine energy firms , including the Edinburgh - based firms behind the " sea snake " wave machine , Pelamis , and the " oyster " wave machine , Aquamarine power .
New entrants to the industry will have to fund their new designs independently .
Salmond and the Crown Estate announced last week that 10 tidal and wave power schemes had been chosen for deployment around the Orkney Islands and the Pentland Firth in what they described as the world 's first fully fledged commercial marine energy programme .
Scotland 's coastal waters have the potential to generate up to 25 % of Europe 's marine energy , experts suggest .
The Saltire prize has been endorsed by National Geographic , but opposition parties today dismissed it as a publicity - stunt , a view privately shared by some senior renewables industry figures .
Liam McArthur , the Scottish Liberal Democrat 's energy spokesman , said this was the latest in a string of Saltire prize announcements .
With each one , the deadline had lengthened , and he likened it to the Labour government 's costly and much - delayed Millennium Dome in Greenwich .
" The pomp and bombast remains constant , " he said .
" The only thing that changes is the date , which keeps moving back .
The first minister claims that he was the first to recognise that the Pentland Firth could be the Saudi Arabia of tidal energy , but it is increasingly clear that his Saltire prize is becoming the Millennium Dome of marine energy . "
Iain Gray , the Scottish Labour leader , said the " repeated delays are turning into a real embarrassment for the SNP government .
Today 's announcement means Alex Salmond will have his free pensioners ' bus pass before the prize is awarded . "
One senior industry figure said the prize was , in technological and industrial terms , unnecessary .
Any worthwhile marine energy design would be worth many millions to private and corporate investors , and then be exported worldwide , without the £ 10 m .
Funding for marine energy was now flowing , he added .
The UK government had its £ 22 m scheme for marine power research , while Salmond himself launched a new version of the Scottish government 's innovation fund last Saturday , pledging £ 12 m to support marine power research .
" They do n't need £ 10 m of taxpayers ' money , " the industry executive said .
" You 're giving people a bonus they do n't need .
Basically it 's a publicity stunt for Salmond to be at the front of the marine energy debate , though to be fair , it does raise the profile of Scotland 's potential in this area . "
However , Max Carcas , of Pelamis , said although this fund was the " icing on the cake " for developers , it helped increase awareness of the industry worldwide and was comparable to other science prizes such as the Ansari X prize , and the Pentagon 's Grand Challenge to build vehicles that drive themselves .
Pelamis would use the prize as a spur to develop new technologies to test , he said .
" It 's not a substitute for energy policy but it does put a nice spotlight on achieving that goal ; that 's what these prizes are designed to do , " he said .
Martin McAdam , chief executive of Aquamarine , said publicising marine energy was crucial , as was accelerating investment in the industry .
" We need to bring capital into the industry and anything which promotes the industry and brings positive publicity is a good thing .
The announcement of the Saltire prize has brought huge international publicity , " he said .
• This article was amended on 24 March 2010 .
The winner of the Saltire prize will have to generate 100 gigawatt hours over a two - year period , not 100GW
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. food regulators announced a voluntary recall on Thursday of food made with a common flavoring that could be contaminated with salmonella bacteria but did not estimate how broad the recall will be .
The flavoring -- hydrolyzed vegetable protein -- is used in soups , sauces , hot dogs , snack foods , dressings and dips and is made by privately held Basic Food Flavors Inc of Las Vegas , Nevada .
“ At this time there are no known illnesses associated with this contamination and obviously we ’d like to keep it that way , ” FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg told reporters in a teleconference .
“ The manufacturer had many first - level consignees who obviously had individuals who had firms that they sold to who sold to the other firms , ” said Dr. Jeff Farrar , associate commissioner for food safety at FDA ’s Office of Foods .
“ We expect this to get larger over the next several days , actually several weeks , ” Farrar said .
A handful of companies have recalled products ranging from dips , potato chips and dressings to tofu , burritos and pasta .
They include T. Marzetti , a unit of Lancaster Colony Corp , which said on March 1 it was recalling various dips .
The FDA , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the U.S. Agriculture Department are working with Nevada state health officials on the outbreak , Hamburg told reporters .
Farrar said officials believe the risk to consumers is very low .
The FDA said it collected and analyzed samples at the Nevada facility and confirmed the presence of Salmonella Tennessee in the company ’s processing equipment .
The company is recalling all hydrolyzed vegetable protein in powder and paste form that it has produced since September 17 , 2009 .
Salmonella can cause severe illness in the very young , very old and frail .
It causes fever , diarrhea , nausea , vomiting , and abdominal pain and in the most vulnerable can cause a bloodstream infection and organ failure .
The FDA , CDC and USDA are currently working with Congress to overhaul U.S. food safety regulation .
Deputy FDA Commission Dr. Joshua Sharfstein said this outbreak showed why new regulatory powers were needed .
“ The shift in the food safety system that we can accomplish with the food safety legislation is one toward prevention and we would like to set strong preventive standards that keep contamination from occurring in the first place , ” he said .
Since 2006 , the U.S. food supply has been battered by a series of high - profile foodborne outbreaks involving meat , lettuce , peppers , peanuts and spinach .
Contamination of peanuts with salmonella in 2009 forced the recall of 3,200 products and sickened 600 people .
This week , the Produce Safety Project reported that food poisoning costs the United States $ 152 billion in health - related expenses each year .
Many firms including Kellogg
Co , whose company lost nearly $ 70 million in products from the recent peanut recall , and ConAgra Foods have been affected .
YouTube 's website is located at youtube.com and their official Twitter account is twitter.com / youtube
probably the best art piece since i've added you to my deviantWATCH .
simply awesome .
i'm speechless !
sorry for bothering you with such a lame comment but i just love the poster
Part of the repositioning of the KDE brands was choosing an appropriate ' KDE Software Label ' for developers working on applications outside the main KDE Software Compilation .
Technology developed by KDE is used far and wide , as can be witnessed on kde - apps.org and other sites .
Some of these applications are developed by people closely entrenched in the KDE community , others by developers who just happened to like KDE technology and do n't feel part of the KDE community in any big way .
To allow authors to express their connection to the KDE community , the KDE community has chosen three appropriate labels .
We are also presenting the first draft of a guide for distributors of KDE software on how to integrate their communications with our brands .
Acknowledging your relationship with the KDE community and its technology
Finding the right words ( via Finding the right words ( via Wordle
Back in December , the promo team asked for your opinions on suitable KDE software labels .
Following the poll results these are the recommended labels :
Powered by KDE
Built on the KDE Platform
Part of the KDE family
' Powered by KDE '
This label encompasses the dual meanings of software that derives its strength from our fantastic community and from the KDE development platform .
This label is recommended for all free software applications whose developers feel part of the KDE community or which make use of KDE technology .
' Built on the KDE Platform '
This label has been chosen for the simplicity of the message it provides : this application uses the KDE platform .
It is recommended for all application authors who want to express their use of KDE technology .
' Part of the KDE family '
This label is recommended for authors of free software who in particular see themselves as part of the KDE community - and we hope anyone producing free software with the KDE Platform sees themselves this way .
Other terms
These are , of course , just recommendations .
KDE is not going to dictate to anyone what labels they should use to describe their applications , but the community hopes that by providing these recommendations and ( in due course ) handy badges carrying these phrases , it will be easier for application authors to identify with KDE in a consistent and easily recognizable way .
This makes the broad universe of KDE applications more readily apparent and allows third party developers to be part of the widely recognized KDE brand .
Developers may also like to call their free software applications " KDE software " or refer to their application with the prefix " KDE " - for example " KDE Kontact " .
Call for artwork
To make these labels more easily usable , the promo team is calling for eye - catching artwork to carry , accompany or represent these phrases , for use on websites and perhaps in application splash and about screens where appropriate .
Such images should be available in a small size ( perhaps as small as 50x50 pixels ) but larger variants are also needed .
Please submit designs to the dedicated page on the wiki .
Depending on the number of submissions the team may hold a poll to determine the best .
Guidance For Distros
The KDE promo team is also pleased to announce the first complete draft of the guide for distributors of KDE software , helping them integrate KDE branding into their own .
The guide provides examples for installation screens , website text and oral presentations .
The promo team welcomes feedback from distributors to the KDE - Promo mailing list so that they can understand communication problems experienced by downstream communities and adjust their recommendations accordingly .
Nation Not Found
The nation " allglorytothehypnotoad " does not exist .
Was this your nation ?
It may have ceased to exist due to inactivity , but can rise again !
Restore Allglorytothehypnotoad
More information may be found in the Boneyard .
The SCO Group was dealt a serious , potentially fatal blow today in its courtroom battle against Linux .
The jury in the trial between SCO and Novell has issued a verdict affirming that Novell is the rightful owner of the UNIX SVRX copyrights .
This verdict will make it difficult for SCO to continue pursuing its baseless assault on the open source operating system .
The SCO saga began in 2003 when the company claimed that Linux is an unauthorized derivative of UNIX .
SCO filed a lawsuit against IBM , alleging that Big Blue misappropriated UNIX code and included it in the Linux kernel .
Although SCO repeatedly claimed to have compelling evidence to support its accusations , the company has yet to provide proof in the seven years since .
Internal SCO memos that came to light during the discovery process of SCO 's conflict with IBM revealed that SCO 's own internal code audits did not identify any evidence infringement .
The dispute over infringement and misappropriation was put on hold when Novell issued a public statement in 2004 asserting that it is the rightful owner of the SVRX copyrights and never sold the IP to SCO .
The 1995 sale agreement , says Novell , gave SCO the right to sell SVRX licenses on behalf of Novell , but did not transfer ownership of the copyrights .
As such , Novell claims that SCO does not have proper standing to pursue litigation pertaining to alleged copyright infringement .
The matter of ownership was adjudicated in a bench trial that concluded in 2007 when Judge Dale A. Kimball ruled in favor of Novell .
SCO 's stock value plummeted and the company appeared to be on the brink of annihilation .
SCO managed to avoid oblivion by engaging in a series of stalling tactics and pursuing a number of ill - fated reorganization attempts during the bankruptcy proceedings in order to avoid liquidation .
SCO finally got a chance to make its case before a jury when Kimball 's ruling was overturned by the US Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit last year .
The jury heard detailed arguments from the legal representatives of SCO and Novell .
SCO argued that the SVRX copyrights , which were not included in the original agreement , were added later in an amendment .
They claim that a term sheet associated with the deal shows that the SVRX IP was intended to change hands .
Novell argued that the term sheet is irrelevant , as the asset purchase agreement itself did not transfer the SVRX copyrights .
The jury heard the closing arguments on Friday and reconvened this morning to deliberate .
The jurors were required to reach unanimous decision on the matter of ownership .
As the burden of proof was on SCO , the jurors were instructed to issue a verdict in SCO 's favor only if SCO presented clear and convincing evidence to support its position .
SCO failed to prove its case , as the jury declared that Novell is the rightful owner of the SVRX copyrights .
Novell expressed satisfaction with the verdict in a statement today .
SCO has not responded to our request for comment .
" Novell is very pleased with the jury 's decision confirming Novell 's ownership of the Unix copyrights , which SCO had asserted to own in its attack on Linux , " a Novell spokesperson said .
" Novell remains committed to promoting Linux , including by defending Linux on the intellectual property front . "
SCO cannot continue pursuing its infringement litigation against IBM or assorted Linux users because it does n't own the copyrights that it claims are infringed by Linux .
Even if the jury had ruled in SCO 's favor , the overwhelming lack of evidence of infringement would still likely make it impossible for SCO to achieve victory in its litigation campaign .
It 's unclear if the company will be able to evade liquidation following this latest failure in court .
HOUSTON – Amidst the nationwide battle over the right of Americans to health care , the Hospital Corporation of America announced March 16 that Spring Branch Medical Center here will close by May 1 .
For more than 50 years the medical center has served the health care needs of residents of the Spring Branch community in Northwest Houston .
The hospital is an affiliate of the HCA Gulf Coast Division .
HCA is the nation ’s largest for - profit hospital chain .
HCA officials attributed the closure of the hospital to “ significant operational losses over the last five years . ”
The hospital has been considered by the Harris County Hospital District for purchase in order to expand its bed capacity .
The Hospital District , which provides indigent care , has not added any beds since 1991 .
Officials continue to study the merits of adding hospital beds for the district .
Some see this as needless dithering while poor people are dying from lack of care .
The Houston Chronicle quoted Dr. Ali Azimpoor , a staff neurological surgeon at Spring Branch Medical Center , as saying the announcement of the closing had left the staff “ very depressed , with much crying . ”
‘ It ’s a tragedy for the community , ” said Dr. Azimpoor .
“ This was the crown jewel hospital in the area . ”
Doctors have complained about mismanagement , according to the Chronicle article .
The hospital ’s medical staff received a memorandum from Spring Branch Medical Center CEO Jay Woodall detailing HCA ’s justification for closing the hospital ’s in - patient programs .
In it he said , “ A combination of factors has been building over several years that have led us to this difficult decision .
Health care systems everywhere have been strained by reimbursement pressures .
One of the most problematic issues is the increasing number of uninsured patients hospitals treat and for which they are not compensated .
Texas has the nation ’s highest rate of individuals without health insurance .
In particular , Houston has the highest rate in Texas at 27.8 % … In addition to the issue of uninsured , which all hospitals face , Spring Branch Medical Center has seen an increasing number of patients covered by Medicare and Medicaid .
More than 67 % of the hospital ’s in - patient care is provided to Medicare and Medicaid recipients .
The level of reimbursement provided by these programs has historically not kept pace with the cost of providing the care . ”
It is interesting to note that although the population of Houston has grown over the last few years , this corporation has decided to close a major hospital in the interest of increasing its profits .
Many see it as a cold - hearted , profit - driven decision that ignores the health care needs of Texans .
It provides a powerful argument in favor of universal healthcare coverage .
Many people are saying that corporations have no business controlling our health care resources .
Photo : PW / Paul Hill
Published online 23 February 2010 | Nature 463 , 1008 - 1009 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/4631008b
News
South Africa cuts funding for energy technology project .
Bedtime for pebbles ?
Pebble Bed Modular Reactor ( Pty )
Hopes for the development of pebble - bed nuclear reactor technology , long held up as a safer alternative to conventional nuclear power , have suffered a blow .
Last week , the South African government confirmed that it will effectively stop funding a long - term project to develop the technology .
The development company , Pebble Bed Modular Reactor ( PBMR ) , based near Pretoria , says that it is now considering axing three - quarters of its 800 staff , about half of whom are scientists or engineers .
" The resources available to the company will not sustain the current cost structure , " the company says .
The cuts could trigger an exodus of nuclear expertise from South Africa , although some argue that government funding has kept the project going for too long in the face of growing problems .
South Africa started to develop its pebble - bed reactor design in the mid-1990s , hoping that it would deliver cheap electricity and open up a lucrative export industry .
It licensed the technology from Germany 's Jülich Research Centre , which abandoned a working prototype reactor in 1991 after citing poor business opportunities .
Eskom , South Africa 's main electricity generator , based in Johannesburg , set up the PBMR in 1999 to develop the technology into a economically viable reactor .
" It caught the mood in South Africa , and the feeling among South Africans was that their technology was as good as anybody's , " says Steve Thomas , an energy - policy researcher at the University of Greenwich , London .
" This was their chance to show the world what they could do . "
The proposed reactor would have used enriched uranium fuel embedded within tennis - ball - sized graphite spheres ( ' pebbles ' ) .
These should enable it to run at temperatures of between 750 °C and 1,600 °C yet resist a core meltdown even if the helium - gas coolant is lost , an attractive safety feature .
“ This was South Africa ’s chance to show the world what it could do . ”
But several of the firm 's biggest investors , including the utility firm Exelon in Chicago , Illinois , withdrew during the feasibility phase , which ended in 2004 .
In the four years up to March 2007 , the South African government contributed 7.2 billion rands ( US$ 935 million ) in funding , on the condition that the PBMR " attract additional investment through investors other than government , and that it secure a customer for its product " , according to a government statement .
However , despite a revised business model and product offering , the firm has been unable to do either of these , the government says .
Funding was last week slashed to 11 million rands over the next three years , which is " not enough to keep a nuclear design and engineering company going " , according to the PBMR .
Runaway costs and technical problems helped to doom the project , says Thomas .
" In 1998 , they were saying that they would have the demo plant online in 2003 " at a cost of 2 billion rands , he says .
" The final estimate was that the demo plant would be online in 2018 and it would cost 30 billion rands . "
Furthermore , he adds , the PBMR has never been held to account for why costs rose every year , why the completion date was continually pushed back or the nature of its design problems .
In a final twist , the PBMR announced last year that it was indefinitely shelving plans to build a demonstration plant .
The programme 's demise will not help South Africa 's goal of doubling its 35,000 - megawatt power - generating capacity by 2025 .
One problem was that the design became too ambitious , says John Walmsley , past president of the South African branch of the Nuclear Institute , a professional society for nuclear engineers .
The PBMR hoped to push the reactor 's operating temperature as high as possible to enable not just electricity generation , but also ' process heat ' applications such as turning coal into liquid fuels , he says .
It also aimed to boost the power output to the very limits of the design to make the reactor more economical .
" They tried to build a BMW when they maybe should have started with a Morris Minor , " he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Although many scientists had hoped that the safety system of the pebble - bed design would win over opponents of nuclear power , a 2008 report from the Jülich Research Centre cast doubt on those claims , suggesting that core temperatures could rise even higher than the safe threshold .
Tsinghua University in Beijing now hosts the only operational prototype pebble - bed reactor , although similar reactors are being developed in the United States and the Netherlands .
But the PBMR 's problems are not unique , says Thomas .
" Every nuclear nation in the world has had a programme to commercialize this type of reactor , and they all got nowhere . "
Snow falls resolutely on a Saturday morning in Washington , but the festively lit basement of a church near the US Capitol is packed .
Some 200 female members have invited an equal number of women for tea , cookies , conversation – and 16th - century evangelism .
What newcomers at Capitol Hill Baptist Church ( CHBC ) hear is hardly " Christianity for Dummies . "
Nor is it " Extreme Makeover : Born - Again Edition . "
Instead , a young woman named Kasey Gurley describes her disobedience and suffering in Old Testament terms .
" I worship my own comfort , my own opinion of myself , " she confesses .
" Like the idolatrous people of Judah , we deserve the full wrath of God . "
She warns the women that " we 'll never be safe in good intentions , " but assures them that " Christ died for us so we would n't have to . "
Her closing prayer is both frank and transcendent : " Our comfort in suffering is this : that through Christ you provide eternal life . "
It is so quiet you can hear an oatmeal cookie crumble .
IN PICTURES : Calvinism at Capitol Hill Baptist Church
Welcome to the austere – and increasingly embraced – message of Calvinism .
Five centuries ago , John Calvin 's teachings reconceived Christianity ; midwifed Western ideas about capitalism , democracy , and religious liberty ; and nursed the Puritan values that later cast the character of America .
Today , his theology is making a surprising comeback , challenging the me-centered prosperity gospel of much of modern evangelicalism with a God - first immersion in Scripture .
In an age of materialism and made - to - order religion , Calvinism 's unmalleable doctrines and view of God as an all - powerful potentate who decides everything is winning over many Christians – especially the young .
Twenty - something followers in the Presbyterian , Anglican , and independent evangelical churches are rallying around Calvinist , or Reformed , teaching .
In the Southern Baptist Convention , America 's largest Protestant body , at least 10 percent of its pastors identify as Calvinist , while more than one - third of recent seminary graduates do .
New Calvinism draws legions to the sermons of preachers like John Piper of the Bethlehem Baptist Church in Minneapolis .
Here at CHBC , the pews and even rooms in the basement are filled each Sunday , mostly with young professionals .
Since senior pastor Mark Dever brought Calvinist preaching here 16 years ago , the church has grown sevenfold .
Today it is bursting at the stained - glass windows .
Yet the movement 's biggest impact may not be in the pews .
It 's in publishing circles and on Christian blogs , in divinity schools and at conferences like " Together for the Gospel , " where the rock stars of Reformed theology explore such topics as " The Sinner Neither Able Nor Willing : The Doctrine of Absolute Inability . "
" There is a very clear resurgence of Calvinism , " says Steven Lemke , provost and a professor at the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary .
The renewed interest arrives at a crucial inflection point for American religion .
After reviewing a landmark opinion survey last year that showed a precipitous decline in the number of people who identify themselves as Christian , Newsweek declared ominously that we may be witnessing " the end of Christian America . "
In some ways , Newsweek may have understated the shift .
Five hundred years after Martin Luther posted his 95 theses challenging the Roman Catholic Church , some religion watchers see not just a post - Christian America but an unraveling of the Protestant Reformation itself .
Their alarm is rooted in surveys that show a watering down of Christian beliefs .
Now come the New Calvinists with their return to inviolable doctrines and talk of damnation – in essence , the Puritans , minus the breeches and powdered wigs .
Is this just a moment of nostalgia or the beginning of a deeper revolt against the popular Jesus - is - our - friend approach of modern evangelicalism ?
Where , in other words , is Christianity going ?
• • •
When people today hear the name John Calvin , they think mainly of predestination – the controversial idea that God has foreordained everything that will happen , including who will and wo n't be saved , no matter what they do in life .
What people often forget is that the 16th - century French theologian transformed Western thought both by what he taught and how he taught it .
His 700 - page " Institutes of the Christian Religion " became the reference manual for Protestant faith .
And his detailed and explanatory style of preaching – he spent five years expounding on the book of Acts , verse by verse – became an example for generations of clergy .
Detractors , and there are many , see Calvin as a harsh theocrat who punished heretics ( including one who was famously burned at the stake ) while molding the city where he preached , Geneva , into a model of his fatalistic and hopeless ideology .
But supporters view him as a man who recovered God-centric Christianity , set the stage for religious freedom , and encouraged countless believers to read the Bible for themselves .
" Like it or not , he is one of the great minds that shaped our modern world , " says Gerald Bray , a professor at Beeson Divinity School in Birmingham , Ala .
" Ideas of democracy , open - market capitalism , and equality of opportunity were aired in his Geneva and put into practice as far as they could be at that time . "
Calvin 's influence on America 's founding is unmistakable .
The nation 's patriotism , work ethic , sense of equality , public morality , and even elements of democracy all sprang in part from the Calvinist taproot of Puritan New England .
When Calvinist preacher Jonathan Edwards told worshipers in 1741 that they were loathsome spiders held over the pit of hell by the gracious hand of an offended God , he was n't speaking a heretical creed but the basic vocabulary of American faith .
It was n't until the 19th century that Calvinist doctrines waned .
By most logic , the stern system of Calvinism should n't be popular today .
Much of modern Christianity preaches a comforting Home Depot theology :
You can do it .
We can help .
Epitomized by popular titles like Joel Osteen 's " Your Best Life Now : 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential , " this message of self - fulfillment through Christian commitment attracts followers in huge numbers , turning big churches into megachurches .
At the same time , a strict following of the Bible , which Calvinists embrace , hardly resonates the way it once did in American society .
The Barna Group , a California - based research firm , recently did a survey to find out how many US adults hold a " biblical worldview " – for instance , believe that the Bible is totally accurate , that a person cannot earn their way into heaven simply by doing good , that God is the all - powerful creator of the universe .
The result : a steeple - thin 9 percent .
Among 18 - to - 23 - year - olds , it was 0.5 percent , fewer people than might show up at a Lady Gaga concert .
Even among " born again " Christians , it was only 19 percent .
In a separate report , Barna found that more than 6 in 10 born - again Christians say they are customizing their faith , not following any one church 's theology .
" Americans are increasingly comfortable picking and choosing what they deem to be helpful and accurate theological views and have become comfortable discarding the rest of the teachings in the Bible , " the report notes .
The blunt implication : Scripture is no longer the sheet anchor of American spirituality .
This , of course , was the Roman Catholic warning to early reformers five centuries ago :
If you break away from the church , orthodoxy will spiral into fancy .
By emphasizing sound doctrine and the naked gospel , New Calvinists want to restore what they see as stability to Protestant faith .
Indeed , CHBC has a sister organization called " 9 Marks , " which strives to promote " biblically faithful " churches across denominational lines .
" A lot of people think religion is something you piece together [ from ] ideas you think are sweet and that you personally find beneficial , " says Mr. Dever .
" No .
It 's like a doctor 's report ....
It 's an objective reality .
It 's just what is . "
More broadly , the Calvinist revival reflects an effort to recast the foundation of faith itself .
From conservative evangelical churches to liberal new - age groups , the message of much modern teaching is man 's need for betterment .
Not New Calvinism ; its star is God 's need for glory .
And the gravity of His will is great :
It can be denied , but not defied .
" God either knows everything , or He knows nothing at all , " says CHBC member Jeannie Hagopian , a young mother from South Carolina .
• • •
As morning light filters into a fourth - floor room on a Sunday , students huddle on tiered seats , listening to a lecture on substitutionary atonement .
The teacher poses a tough question , but a hand shoots into the air , eager to answer with a recitation of the week 's memory verse from I Peter 3:18 : " For Christ died for sins once for all , the righteous for the unrighteous , to bring you to God . "
Scholars and seminarians call this systematic theology .
Kindergartners at CHBC just call it Sunday school .
Their parents are downstairs , absorbing seminars , prayers , and a Scripture - saturated sermon that add up to five hours of worship over the day .
Just before noon , the adults jot notes as they listen to an hour - long sermon on II Samuel 5 - 9 .
These chapters cover King David 's glorious reign over Israel , but Dever does n't skip the tough verses , such as when God strikes Uzzah dead for trying to steady the ark of the covenant .
" Friends , have we sinned like Uzzah ? " he asks .
Such statements are meant to prick the hearts of his listeners .
Yet he often follows up the hard questions with reassuring comments like : " You and I should not draw a breath today , without living for the praise of God 's glory . "
This pattern – convict worshipers of their sin , then show them spiritual elation – has a gripping effect on the assembly .
After the service , churchgoers linger for an hour , hugging and sharing heartfelt conversation .
" I 've come to believe and understand that God is not fundamentally about me ;
He 's much bigger than that , " says Dan Wenger , a government employee .
" The teaching at this church has helped me to see that in context of the whole story of the Bible , not just the parts that make me feel good . "
Dever acknowledges that people might well ask , " Why would God make anybody who is going to go to hell ? "
His answer captures the essence of New Calvinism .
" I do n't know , " he says .
" I did n't do this .
I 'm just trying to tell you what I think is true , not what I like . "
Membership at CHBC is n't for the faint of holy .
Classes on theology and Christian history are required before joining .
At the " Lord 's Supper " once a month , members stand and recite an oath that ties them to one another .
In addition to Sunday worship and Wednesday night Bible study , they spend hours each week in small - group study or one - on - one " discipling . "
They say those sessions – a time for confessions , encouragement , and prayer – are the most challenging and rewarding feature of church life .
" Christian fellowship is so much more than hanging out with friends , " says Claudia Anderson , a magazine editor .
" It involves spiritual intimacy , support , learning , counseling , and stunning acts of kindness . "
Christopher Brown , a lawyer , concurs .
" I came for the theology but stayed for the community , " he says .
" As Americans , we 're so individualistic .
But the New Testament rebukes this ' rugged individualism . '
We 're not saved to be lone rangers . "
The BlackBerry - wielding Millennials who worship here say they crave teaching that challenges them – " preaching for PhDs , " as one puts it .
Ask them what books they 're reading , and they wo n't mention " The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo . "
They 'll reel through names of 17th - century Puritan preachers like a pack of baseball cards .
" The resurgence of Calvinism indicates that America has n't changed so much as some might suppose , " says Collin Hansen , author of " Young , Restless , Reformed : A Journalist 's Journey with the New Calvinists . "
" American Christianity has splintered in myriad directions since the Puritans settled New England .
But the God they worshiped – attested in the Bible , sovereign in all things , and merciful toward sinners through the self - sacrifice of Jesus Christ – still captivates believers today . "
• • •
What captivates outsiders , however , is that New Calvinists are restoring the doctrine of predestination – God choosing from the outset whom
He will and wo n't save – to a land that long ago shifted toward a " No Child Left Behind " view of salvation .
Taken to its logical end , predestination means
God has always regulated everything , even evil .
This belief bothers many Christians .
" The shooting at Fort Hood : Did God foreordain that ?
9/11 ? The Holocaust ? " asks Professor Lemke , who 's also a Baptist pastor and critic of some , though not all , points of Calvinism .
In 2008 , Southern Baptist organizers put on a John 3:16 conference to counterbalance tenets of Calvinism , including predestination .
[ Editor 's note :
The original text misstated who put on the John 3:16 conference . ]
What critics see as a grim and fatalistic doctrine , however , Calvin saw as good news : that God 's purposes can be fulfilled despite man 's sinful ways .
" To him , predestination was a liberating belief because it says that God can choose anyone , however humble , and use him to overturn the great men of this world , " says Professor Bray .
" It makes real change possible and puts ordinary people like you and me in charge of seeing it happen .
What could be better news than that ? "
Many followers agree , adding that Calvinism is not fatalism :
You are responsible for you behavior .
" Calvinism is ' big picture ' Christianity , " says Allen Guelzo , the author of " Edwards on the Will : A Century of American Theological Debate . "
" It is less interested in asking why God lets bad things happen to good people , and asks instead whether there have ever been any genuinely ' good ' people . "
For all its controversy , predestination is something New Calvinists accept as part of their take - it - all - or - leave - it approach to the Bible .
" Today we have more Bibles and more study guides to Scripture than ever before , but people know the text itself less and less , " says Bray .
" This is disastrous .
Calvin 's deep and expository approach to it is therefore more necessary than ever . "
At CHBC , several members say they became authentically Christian only after a friend studied the gospel with them verse by verse .
" As I studied the Bible , I saw that God has every reason to send me to hell , " says Connie Brown , a kindergarten teacher .
" God broke me down – and renewed my heart . "
New Calvinists talk about their sin a lot .
Despite that – or rather because of it – they exude not guilt but great joy .
Their explanation :
If we play down our sinfulness , we 'll play down our gratitude for the magnitude of God 's love and forgiveness .
Many members were drawn to CHBC precisely because they had yearned to be " convicted of their sin " again and grown frustrated with " watered - down preaching . "
School vice principal Jessica Sandle says she came after the pastor at her former church read a book on growth and became consumed with filling pews .
" So he stopped talking about sin , and why we need God , " she says .
Another congregant , who declined to be named because he is running for office , was searching for something more substantial as well .
" I went to other churches and I came away feeling good , but I came away hungry , too , " he says .
" They [ the sermons ] were mercifully shorter , but they 'd leave the gospel out , and I would n't be convicted of my sin ....
Here , your deficiencies are laid bare . "
Ultimately , Calvinism 's contrast with chummier , Jesus - is - my - friend forms of evangelicalism may highlight a more fundamental change in the world of faith .
Bestselling religion writer Phyllis Tickle sees the interest in Calvinism as the first phase of a backlash against the dominant religious trend of today : the rise of " Emergence Christianity . "
Emergence Christianity , which she identifies as a once - every - 500 - years religious shift , is less a doctrine or a movement than a postmodern attitude toward religion itself .
Loosely organized , it values experimentation over traditional rules and Christian practice .
" When things go through this upheaval , " Ms. Tickle says , " there 's always those who absolutely need the assurance of rules and a foundation . "
Or , as Ms. Hagopian puts it with uncompromising Calvinistic clarity : " The dominant philosophy of American Christianity is so far removed from biblical truth .
Life is not hunky - dory . "
IN PICTURES : Calvinism at Capitol Hill Baptist Church
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
User interfaces — the way we interact with our technologies — have evolved a lot over the years .
From the original punch cards and printouts to monitors , mouses , and keyboards , all the way to the track pad , voice recognition , and interfaces designed to make it easier for the disabled to use computers , interfaces have progressed rapidly within the last few decades .
But there ’s still a long way to go and there are many possible directions that future interface designs could take .
We ’re already seeing some start to crop up and its exciting to think about how they ’ll change our lives .
In this article are than a dozen potential future user interfaces that we ’ll be seeing over the next few years ( and some further into the future ) .
Brain - Computer Interface
What it is :
In a brain - computer interface , a computer is controlled purely by thought ( or , more accurately , brain waves ) .
There are a few different approaches being pursued , including direct brain implants , full helmets , and headbands that capture and interpret brain waves .
Army Mind- Control Projects
Image source .
According to an article in Time from September 2008 , the American Army is actively pursuing “ thought helmets ” that could some day lead to secure mind - to - mind communication between soldiers .
The goal , according to the article , is a system where entire military systems could be controlled by thought alone .
While this kind of technology is still far off , the fact that the military has awarded a $ 4 million contract to a team of scientists from the University of California at Irvine , Carnegie Mellon University , and the University of Maryland means that we might be seeing prototypes of these systems within the next decade .
The Matrixesque Brain Interface : MEMS - Based Robotic Probe
Image source .
Researchers at Caltech are working on a MEMS - based robotic probe that can implant electrodes into your brain to interface with particular neurons .
While it sounds very The Matrix-y , the idea is that it could allow for advanced control of prosthetic limbs or similar body - control .
The software part of the device is complete , though the micro-mechanical part ( the part that actually goes into your brain ) is still under development .
OCZ ’s Neural Impulse Actuator
Image source .
The NIA is a headband and controller that incorporates an electro - myogram , an electro - encephalogram , and an electro - oculogram to enable it to translate eye movements , facial muscle movements and brain waves .
The most interesting part of the NIA is that it can be set up to work with virtually any game ; the controller simply translates input into keystrokes .
Biometric and Cybernetic Interfaces
What it is :
In computing , cybernetics most often refers to robotic systems and control and command of those systems .
Biometrics , on the other hand , refer to biological markers that every human being ( and all life forms ) has and that are generally unique to each person .
These are most often used for security purposes , such as fingerprint or retina scanners .
Here are a few current biometric and cybernetic interface projects .
Warfighter Physiological Status Monitoring
Image source .
The Military Operational Medicine Research Program is developing sensors that can be embedded into clothing to monitor soldiers ’ physiological well - being .
These can be used not only to monitor real - time health , but also to input additional variables into predictive models the military uses to evaluate the likely success of its missions .
Fingerprint Scanners
Image source .
Fingerprint and hand scanners have been seen in movies for ages as high - tech security devices .
And they ’ve finally become readily available within the past few years .
In most cases , fingerprint scanners are used to allow or deny access to certain users for a computer system , vehicle , or controlled - access area .
Because fingerprints are unique , this is a nearly - foolproof way of determining who is gaining access to something , as well as a way to track who accessed what , and when .
Digital Paper and Digital Glass
What it is : Digital paper is a flexible , reflective type of display that uses no backlighting and simulates real paper quite well .
In most cases , digital paper does n’t require any power except when changing what it ’s displaying , resulting in very long battery life in devices that use it .
Digital glass , on the other hand , is a transparent display that otherwise resembles a standard LCD monitor .
Transparent OLED Display
Samsung showcased a prototype of a new , transparent OLED display on a notebook at CES 2010 .
The display is unlikely to appear in notebooks in its finished form , but it might be used in MP3 players or advertising displays in the future according to the company .
LG 19 ″ Flexible Display
Image source .
Flexible e-paper displays might replace paper one day .
Unlike their rigid counterparts , e-paper can be nearly as flexible as real paper ( or card stock , at least ) , and almost as thin .
LG has created a 19 ″ e-paper display that ’s flexible and made of metal foil so it will always return to its original shape .
Watch for this type of display to become popular for reading newspapers or other large - format content in the future .
E - Ink
Image source .
E - Ink technology is an interesting technology that has many interesting implications in the packaging and media industries .
E-ink is a proprietary paper technology that ’s already seen some real - world use ( such as on the Esquire cover from October 2008 ) .
While it ’s currently only available in grayscale , it ’s likely to be available in full color before too long .
E - Ink is famous for its integration into many popular eBook readers , including the Kindle , Barnes & Noble ’s Nook , and the Sony Reader .
And while in these instances it ’s put within a rigid display , there ’s no reason it ca n’t be .
Telepresence
What it is : Telepresence consists of remote control of a drone or robot .
They ’re most commonly seen in the scientific and defense sectors , and vary considerably based on what they ’re being used for .
In some cases , those controlling the device only get visual input , but in others ( such as medical telepresence devices ) a more complete simulation is created .
Below are some of the best telepresence projects currently underway .
Telepresence Surgery
Minimally invasive surgery can now be conducted via telepresence , using a robot to perform the surgery on the actual patient , while a surgeon controls it remotely .
In fact , this method of surgery can actually work better than using long , fulcrum instruments to perform the surgery in person .
The technology combines telerobotics , sensory devices , stereo imaging , and video and telecommunications to give surgeons the full sensory experience of traditional surgery .
Surgeons are provided with feedback in real - time , including the pressure they would feel when making an incision in a hands - on surgery .
Universal Control System
Image source .
The Universal Control System is a system developed by Raytheon ( a defense contractor ) for directing aerial military drones .
The interface is not unlike a video game , with multiple monitors to give operators a 120 º view of what the drone sees .
Raytheon looked at the existing technology drone pilots were using ( which consisted of standard computer systems — a nose - mounted camera and a keyboard ) and realized that there were betters systems being used by gamers .
So they set about developing a drone operation system based on civilian business games ( and even hired game developers ) .
The finished system also incorporates augmented reality and other futuristic interface elements .
Space Exploration and Development
Telepresence could be used to allow humans to experience space environments from the safety of earth .
This technology could allow people to remotely explore distant planets without having to leave our own planet , and for a lot less than an actual manned mission .
The biggest hurdles to this technology at the moment are delays in communications over long distances , though there are already advances happening in those areas that may make it a non-issue within the next few years .
Augmented Reality
What it is : Augmented reality consists of overlaying data about the real world over real - time images of that world .
In current applications , a camera ( generally attached to either a computer or cell phone ) captures real - time images that are then superimposed with information gathered based on your location .
There are a number of current augmented reality projects in the works .
Here are some of the most interesting ones .
Augmented Reality in a Contact Lens
Image source .
One of the more interesting current projects with augmented reality consists of a display contained within a contact lens .
The conduit between the eye and the brain is much faster than a high - speed internet connection — and the eye can perceive more than we realize — including millions of colors and tiny shifts in lighting .
Because of this , it makes sense that an interface that works directly with your eye would catch on .
The current proofs of concept include contact lenses being developed at the University of Washington .
They ’re crafting lenses with a built - in LED that can be powered wirelessly with Radio Frequency and other simple electronic circuits .
Eventually , these contact lenses will contain hundreds of tiny LEDs that can display images , words , and other information in front of the eye .
It ’s likely that these contact lenses will be the display for a separate control unit ( such as a smartphone ) .
Wearable Retinal Display
Image source .
The Universal Translator made communication between species possible in the Star Trek universe .
And while a Universal Translator like that is likely a long ways off , NEC is already working on a retinal display called the “ Tele Scouter ” that will translate foreign languages into subtitles for the wearer .
The device is mounted on frames from eyeglasses and includes both a display and a microphone .
The sound is transmitted to a separate device that sends it to a central server for translation , and then the subtitles are sent back to the device and displayed on the retinal display .
The best part is that the text is displayed within the user ’s peripheral vision , which means they can keep eye contact with the person they ’re speaking with .
Heads - Up Display
Image source .
There ’s one type of augmented reality that ’s been around for years , first seen in military applications and then eventually in the commercial airline and automotive industries .
Heads - up displays ( HUDs ) are used to display data on the windshield of a car or plane without requiring the operator to look away from their surroundings .
In cars , HUDs are helpful at night to driving conditions on the windshield of the vehicle .
This allows drivers to keep their attention on the road ahead .
In the future , HUDs will be used for synthetic vision systems .
In other words , everything a user sees in their viewport would be constructed from information obtained in a database , rather than an actual real world - view .
This type of system is still a long ways off , but could change the way vehicles are designed , and can make for safer aircraft and automobiles because the driver / operator would n’t need a direct line - of - sight to their surroundings .
Privacy Concerns with Augmented Reality
Of course , privacy specialists will have a field day with Augmented Reality applications .
After all , what happens when you can easily look at a person and gain access to their personal information via facial recognition .
The technology to do that is n’t too far off .
You ’ll simply look at a person across a crowded restaurant and their name , Facebook and Twitter accounts , phone number , and any other available information will be at your fingertips .
While this could certainly come in handy ( such as those times when you find yourself confronted with someone who seems to know you , but you have no clue who they are ) , it could also make it near effortless for just about anyone to access your information .
In fact , technology like this is already starting to pop up .
Voice Control
What it is :
We ’ve seen voice control in various sci- fi movies and novels for years .
Just like its name implies : this technology relies on voice commands to control a computer .
Voice control has been around in some form for a few years now , but its application is just recently being explored .
Here are a few current projects .
BMW Voice Control System
Leave it to luxury automaker BMW to develop a new voice control system that allows drivers to control their navigation and entertainment systems .
A single voice command lets drivers get directions to their destination or play a specific song .
While other automakers have tried similar voice recognition systems , this one appears to be the most advanced .
Google Voice Search
Image source .
If you have a smartphone running Android , you ’re probably already familiar with Google ’s Voice Search feature .
While it ’s not foolproof , it ’s definitely a great way to look something up without having to spend a minute typing in a complex search term .
The best part about Google ’s Voice Search is that it ’s not just restricted to the Android platform .
It will also work with your BlackBerry , iPhone , Windows Mobile phone or Nokia S60 .
Voice search is handy if you ’re trying to look something up in a hurry or while driving .
The Android platform will also interface with navigation , which is handy if you ’re behind the wheel .
Gesture Recognition
What it is :
With gesture recognition , movements with the hands , feet , or other body parts are interpreted by a computer ( often through the use of either a hand - held controller , a camera that captures movement , or some other input device like gloves ) as commands .
Gesture recognition ’s popularity is due to the video gaming industry , though there are a number of other potential uses .
Acceleglove : Gloves that Recognize Sign Language
Image source .
Researchers at the George Washington University have created a glove called the “ Acceleglove ” that will recognize American Sign Language gestures and translate them into text .
It works by using a series of accelerometers on each finger of the glove along with other sensors on the shoulders and elbows to send electrical signals to a microcontroller than finds the correct work associated with the movement .
The unit determines signs based on starting hand positioning , intervening movements , and the ending gesture , eliminating phrases at each step along the way .
It takes milliseconds for the computer to output the correct word after the sign is completed .
Gesture - Based Control for TVs
Image source .
Television , because of its simplified user interface , is a perfect candidate for control by gesture recognition .
And examples of gesture recognition control for TVs are already available .
At the 2009 International Consumer Electronics
Show there were a few examples of gesture control for TVs .
Panasonic has developed a remote control that has touch screens where finger gestures control various things .
But Hitachi has come out with a TV that uses a 3 - D depth camera to recognize gestures on a much larger scale .
It lets you use hand gestures to change the channel , control the volume , and even to turn the TV on and off .
Nintendo Wii
Image source .
The Nintendo Wii ’s controller system is probably the first widely - adopted gaming system that uses gesture recognition for at least part of its control method .
Of course , the Wii ’s gesture recognition system requires that you hold the special Wii Remote and Nunchuk in order to have your gestures recognized , but it ’s still a pioneering system within the gaming industry .
And in the future , it ’s likely that other systems , not just for gaming but in the computer industry in general , will adopt similar control systems .
Xbox Project Natal
Project Natal takes the Wii ’s gesture recognition a step further .
No remote or controller is required ; users simply interact with what ’s on screen as they would in the real world .
In other words , to kick a ball , just perform a kick motion .
It eliminates the need for controllers and makes gaming more immersive .
Head and Eye Tracking
What it is : Head and eye tracking technology interprets natural eye and head movements to control your technology .
Gran Turismo 5
Image source .
Gran Turismo has long been heralded as one of the most realistic racing games out there .
But with Gran Turismo 5 , they ’ve gone a step further .
The newest version of the game will include head tracking capabilities .
The PlayStation Eye camera will track a player ’s head and control the view within the cockpit of the car .
This will make the overall experience much closer to what you actually experience while driving , where you can glance to one side or the other quickly without entirely losing sight of what ’s in front of you .
Pseudo - 3D with a Generic Webcam
Chris Harrison has come out with a head tracking system that works with a standard webcam .
It ’s available for Mac OSX ( not including 10.6 ) and can be used with any number of 3D interfaces .
The most interesting thing is that this kind of technology can easily be made to work using existing technologies .
Artificial Intelligence
What it is : Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) consists of creating inorganic systems capable of learning from human input .
While we ’ve already created systems that are decent at mimicking learning behavior , they ’re still limited by their code .
Eventually , computers will be able to learn and grow beyond their programming .
It ’ll only be a matter of time before we see The Skynet Funding Bill passing ( it ’s already 13 years behind ) .
Below are some of the more interesting AI projects currently being considered and undertaken .
Cyber Security Knowledge Transfer Network
In the UK , police are looking into how AI can be used to for counter - terrorism surveillance , data mining , masking online identities , and preventing internet fraud .
They ’re also looking at how intelligent programs could capture useful information and preserve images of hard drives over the web .
Digital forensics could become much more efficient with the assistance of artificial intelligence , so expect to see a lot more projects in the coming years that incorporate AI with law enforcement .
AI for Adaptive Gaming
Image source .
Artificial intelligence will create more realistic and engaging gameplay .
Rather than relying solely on pre-programmed interactions , AI can allow games to adapt to their player ’s mid-game .
While there are some technologies being employed that simulate artificial intelligence in video games , true AI has n’t yet been achieved .
Newer technologies , like dynamic scripting , could bring game AI to a new level , leading to more realistic gameplay .
AI for Mission Control
NASA and other world space agencies are actively looking into artificial intelligence for controlling probes that might explore star systems outside our own .
Because of delays in radio transmissions , the further away a probe gets , the longer it takes to communicate with it and control it .
But AI may eventually make the need for direct control nearly disappear .
These probes would be able to react intelligently to new stimuli , and could carry out more abstract orders rather than having to have every minute movement preprogrammed or transmitted on the go .
Virtual Assistants
Image source .
The need for an assistant to handle the mundane tasks of everyday life is growing greater for many people .
However , your current options right now are limited , especially for the majority of us who ca n’t afford a personal assistant .
But soon , we ’ll have virtual assistants available that will be able to make a reservation for us , find a gift for your grandmother ’s 75th birthday , or do all the research for your next project .
While the degree of actual AI and just extremely intelligent programming will vary , there are definite potential applications for a true AI system in all this .
Multi-Touch
Image source .
What it is : Multi - touch is similar to gesture recognition , but requires the use of a touch screen .
A traditional touch screen could accept input from only one point on the screen at a time .
Multi -touch , on the other hand , can accept input from multiple points simultaneously .
There are already a number of products that include multi-touch , though the technology still has a lot of untapped potential .
Microsoft Surface
Microsoft ’s Surface technology is a large - scale multi - touch system that ’s particularly suited to being built into things like tables or retail displays .
Surface is in use in a variety of places , including Disney ’s Tomorrowland resort and during MSNBC ’s election coverage .
Because of Surface ’s large scale and likely uses , it accepts input not just from multiple fingers at once , but from multiple users at once .
This makes it particularly suited to public spaces .
In addition to multi-touch , Surface also has object recognition capabilities , which allow users to place physical objects on the screen to trigger different digital responses .
Apple Products
Image source .
Apple has been a leader in implementing multi - touch technology for a few years now .
The iPhone was the first mainstream consumer product to use multi-touch , and it has appeared on the iPod Touch , MacBook track - pad , the Mighty Mouse and soon , the iPad.
Multi - touch has become a key part of the Mac OSX user experience , and the iPhone OS .
Everything from scrolling to zooming in and out , to custom gestures can be carried out using the multi - touch interface .
Mobile Phones
In addition to the iPhone , a number of other mobile devices have multi- touch capabilities .
The Palm Pre and Pixi , the Motorola Droid ( though multi- touch is disabled in the U.S. ) , and the HTC Hero and HD2 all have multi- touch capabilities .
For the most part , these phones use multi- touch for simple tasks like zooming in and out when browsing the web .
Usability is greatly improved in most cases because of the inclusion of multi-touch , especially when it comes to manipulating on - screen graphics and images .
What user interface are you most excited about ?
What user interface technologies and projects are you eager to see the most ?
Share your thoughts in the comments .
Related Content
Welcome to the Star Wars : The Old Republic Wiki
The Star Wars : The Old Republic reference written and maintained by the players .
Please feel free to contribute by creating new articles or expanding on existing ones .
We are currently maintaining 32,992 articles .
be bold and start editing !
Remember to check out
We are always looking for more contributors !
If you 're looking to help , pleaseand start editing !
Remember to check out our help wiki if you 're new to wikis .
Jay Leno drives a reborn DeLorean – Click above to watch the video after the break
No , Jay Leno did not travel back in time to 1985 ( or 1981 when it was originally offered for sale ) to drive a brand - new DeLorean .
But that 's clearly a stainless steel , wedged - shaped , gullwing - doored beauty with Leno behind the wheel , so what gives ?
First of all , as Jay says , there was nothing ever really wrong with the DeLorean that a few fixes could n't have taken care of .
So , it must be good news that DMC was rescued from the grave by a Steven Wynn of the new DeLorean Motorcar Company ( well , it 's not good news to everybody ) .
Basically , the new DMC takes the original DeLorean and updates it with heavily revised componentry that brings the machine somewhere closer to acceptable new car standards .
An optional engine upgrade takes the 2.8 - liter Renault V6 from 135 horsepower up to 195 horses , giving a much - needed boost to the otherwise underwhelming car .
No matter , we 'd gladly take one to serve as our daily driver , though it better have the five - speed manual .
Naturally , Jay takes the reborn DeLorean out for a drive , and it seems he enjoys the experience despite the car only having " adequate " power , as he describes it .
See what else Leno has to say about the stainless wonder in the video after the break [ Source : Jay Leno 's Garage
Search has become an integral part of Windows , particularly in later versions .
While the major search improvements began with Windows Vista and were backported to Windows XP , it 's really only with Windows 7 that the larger majority of users are discovering the search bar all over in the operating system .
Search is built into every aspect of Windows 7 to help users cope with the increasingly rapidly growing number of files , be they work documents and e-mails , personal photos and videos , or music collections .
Many users perform searches without thinking nowadays : it 's an ingrained habit of using the operating system .
Like many habits , this one is worth breaking in order to to develop an even better one .
Here we take a quick look at a few basic search techniques and a few more advanced ones .
Force yourself to use them and you 'll soon become a master of Windows Search .
A bit of extra time now will save you loads of effort in the long run .
Basic Search Tools
There are five main places you can perform a search in the latest versions of Windows : the search box in any Windows Explorer window ( to bring up just search , use Windows Key + F ) , the search box at the bottom of the Start menu , the search box in the Control Panel , a common file dialog box , and in Windows - only applications .
The first one is the broadest : it includes the entire search index and excludes all non-indexed locations ( it 's the same as entering a term in the search box on the Start menu and then clicking the See More Results link ) .
The remaining ones are slightly more particular , in that they are tailored to their specific areas of Windows .
Windows Search works in a contextual way depending on where you 're searching from .
For instance , search in the Start Menu will prioritize Start Menu items and programs , search in Windows Explorer will prioritize personal documents , and search in Internet Explorer will prioritize Favorites and History .
There are three rules to remember about searching in Windows , all of which you probably have learned over time from previous versions of the operating system or while using search engines on the Web .
First , search terms are not case - sensitive and they return results related to the beginning of the word ( searching for Emi will give you results will results related to Emil and Emily as well as emit and emigrate ) .
To search for an exact phrase , use quotation marks ( " Emil Protalinski " will give back files that contain my first and last name together , while Emil Protalinski will give me those results along with those that contain just Emil or just Protalinski ) .
Last but not least , searches ignore diacritics such as accents and umlauts by default .
To turn this feature off , open up Indexing Options ( search for it in the Start menu or the Control Panel ) , click on Advanced , and under File Settings check off " Treat similar words with diacritics as different words . "
A basic query typically begins with a few characters typed into a search box .
The list of search results includes any item in the location you searched for , and you can then narrow the search by using additional parameters .
These can be used in any search box you find in Windows : it 's incorrect to assume that the only search filters you can use are the ones suggested for that folder type ( in fact , Windows Explorer will turn the text to blue when you enter a recognized parameter followed by a colon ) .
These additional filters are explained further in the next section .
Advanced Query Syntax
Advanced Query Syntax ( AQS ) is the official set of rules that Windows Search follows when interpreting what you type in the search box .
In addition to keywords , AQS supports three main types of search parameters : file properties ( size , date , tags , and so on ) , kinds of items ( folders , documents , music , images , videos , e-mails , and so on ) , as well as data stores ( databases and locations containing indexed items ) .
Each of these parameter names is followed by a colon ( loose ) , or a colon and equals sign ( strict ) , and then a value for that operator that the user wants to specify .
Below are some of the most common forms of AQS .
We use the loose method in all of our examples as it brings up more results and is typically the more popular choice .
File properties
You can always further narrow down your search if you know a certain property of a file .
When looking for a file at first , you may not think you know much about it , but after you read the list below you 'll realize that you actually know a lot more than you 'd think .
Here are a few properties that certain types of files can have .
We will look at some more closely a bit later .
0767908171
A short history of nearly everything by Bill Bryson .
Broadway books , ?location 2003 - 05 , hardcover , 560 pages .
Chapter Page Line Errata and corrigenda Correction
1 How to Build a Universe 27 5 " Protons are so small that a little dib of ink like the dot on this ‘ i ’ can hold something in the region of 500,000,000,000 of them … "
The proton radius is 0.88 femtometers , so 5×1011 protons packed tightly on a line would stretch for 0.88 mm .
However , the dot on the ‘ i ’ is not an 1.76 fm wide line , and so contains many more protons : something on the order of 1018 , even when packaged in atoms 105 times as large as protons .
1 How to Build a Universe 27 7 " … 500,000,000,000 of them , rather more than the number of seconds contained in half a million years .
One year = 31,536,000 seconds .
500,000,000,000 thus equals to roundabout 16000 years only !
1 How to Build a Universe 35 7 " … converts seven one thousandths of its mass to energy .
Lower that value very slightly — from 0.07 per cent to 0.06 per cent … " 7/1000 equals 0.7 % .
The fusion of 4 protons to form one helium nucleus converts 0.72 % of the mass to energy .
2 Welcome to the Solar System 43 1 " … it is so variable in its motions that no one can tell you exactly where Pluto will be a century hence . "
Pluto 's orbit is indeed chaotic , but on a timescale of longer than 10 million years .
Its location in 100 years is perfectly predictable .
2 Welcome to the Solar System 44 19 [ the two Voyager spacecraft used ] a ‘ gravity assist ’ technique in which the craft were successively flung from one gassy giant to the next in a kind of cosmic version of ‘ crack the whip . ’
Even so , it took them nine years to reach Uranus and a dozen to cross the orbit of Pluto .
true only for Voyager 2 , Voyager 1 flew by Jupiter and Saturn only , after which its trajectory took it out of the plane of the ecliptic .
It therefore never reached Uranus , nor did it cross the orbit of Pluto . [ 1 ]
2 Welcome to the Solar System 45 15 " On a diagram of the solar system to scale , with Earth reduced to about the diameter of a pea , Jupiter would be over a thousand feet away and Pluto would be a mile and a half distant ( and about the size of a bacterium , so you would n't be able to see it anyway ) . "
If the Earth were the size of a pea - 7.5 mm - then Pluto would be 1.3 mm , perfectly visible and 1,000 times the size of a typical bacterium .
2 Welcome to the Solar System 45 21 " Even if you shrank down everything so that Jupiter was as small as the period at the end of this sentence , and Pluto was no bigger than a molecule , Pluto would still be over thirty - five feet away . "
Same mistake : on this scale , Pluto would be about 5 μm in diameter — invisibly small , but still a thousand times larger than molecular scale .
2 Welcome to the Solar System 48 35 " … under Drake ’s equation you divide the number of stars in a selected portion of the universe by the number of stars that are likely to have planetary systems ; divide that by the number of planetary systems that could theoretically support life ; divide that by the number on which life , having arisen , advances to a state of intelligence ; and so on .
At each such division , the number shrinks colossally — yet even with the most conservative inputs the number of advanced civilizations just in the Milky Way always works out to be somewhere in the millions . "
Drakes original result was 50 000 , and his current estimate is 10 000 . [ 15 ]
3 The Reverend Evan 's Universe ? ? [ the red giant star Betelgeuse is ] fifty thousand light years away 430 +/- 130 light - years . [ 2 ]
4 The Measure of Things ? ?
Says that the last noble gas was discovered 1962 .
Radon , the last noble gas to be discovered , was discovered as " emanations " from radium by Curie and from thorium by Rutherford in 1899 , which was confirmed by Dorn in 1900 .
Emanations from actinium was observed in 1903 .
In 1904 Ramsay suspected that the radioactive gas was a noble gas and he isolated the radium emanation in 1908 together with Gray , determined that it was 111 times heavier than hydrogen ( H 2 ) and gave it the name niton ( Nt ) which was accepted in 1912 .
In 1923 the isotopes were named radon ( Rn ) , actinon ( An ) and thoron ( Tn ) - i.e. emanation from radium , actinium and thorium respectively ( note that although that Soddy proposed the existence of different isotopes of an element in 1912 , isotopes were not fully understood until much later [ i.e. after the discovery of the neutron in 1932 ] ) .
There was still confusion about the name up into the 1960s , but that was only a question of naming , not of discovery . [ 12 ]
5 The Stone - Breakers ? ?
Description of Great Devonian Controversy
The dispute was primarily between Henry T. De la Beche and Roderick I. Murchison .
De la Beche claimed that petrified plants found in coals in Devon Greywacke date it to Carboniferous period , while Murchison dated it to the Silurian period .
After some investigation the issue was resolved in the early 1840s by inserting a new period , Devonian , between Carboniferous and Silurian ones .
8 Einstein's Universe ? ?
It occurred to Michelson that for half of the year the Earth is travelling towards the Sun and for half of the year it is travelling away from it , Michelson was interested in the motion of the Earth relative to the ether , particularly the orbital velocity of the Earth in its orbit around the sun , and not the relatively minor motion towards or away from the sun ( i.e. arising from the ellipticity of the Earth 's orbit ) .
The point is that in opposite seasons the Earth is travelling in opposite directions relative to the stars , and not that it is travelling towards or away from the sun .
9 The Mighty Atom 175 21 " At sea level , at a temperature of 0 degrees Celcius , one cubic centimeter of air [ … ] will contain 45 billion billion molecules . "
Dividing Avogadro's constant by the molar volume tells us that there are just 27×1018 molecules in that cubic centimeter of air .
9 The Mighty Atom ? ? [ atoms ] are also fantastically durable .
Because they are so long lived , atoms really get around .
Every atom you possess has almost certainly passed through several stars and been part of millions of organisms on its way to becoming you .
We are each so atomically numerous and so vigorously recycled at death that a significant number of our atoms – up to a billion for each us , it has been suggested – probably once belonged to Shakespeare .
" the nuclei of every atom you possess has most likely passed through several stars " " Jupiter Scientific has done an analysis of this problem and the figure in Bryon 's book is probably low :
It is likely that each of us has about 200 billion atoms that were once in Shakespeare 's body . " [ 3 ]
11 Muster Mark's Quarks 207 23 " Fears have been raised that [ … ] scientists might inadvertently create [ … ] something called ' strange quarks ' , which could , theoretically , interact with other subatomic particles and propagate uncontrollably . "
Strange quarks were discovered in 1968 , are routinely produced in accelerators , and appear all over nature in high - energy processes .
Bryson means strangelets .
11 Muster Mark 's Quarks 207 21 " … a single electron can do 47,000 laps around a 7 - kilometer tunnel in under a second . "
That would make the electrons ' speed more than 329000 km /s , or 10 % faster than the speed of light .
Bryson is probably referring to the 6.9 km long Super Proton Synchrotron tunnel , although , as the name indicates , that machine accelerates protons not electrons .
The protons complete about 43000 laps per second .
11 Muster Mark's Quarks 207 33
" Even the most sluggish of unstable particles hang around for no more than 0.0000001 of a second ( 10−7 seconds ) . "
No particle has a mean lifetime close to 10−7 seconds .
Muons live 22 times as long ( 2.2 μs ) , and many times longer still in high - energy reactions due to time dilation .
Free neutrons have a mean lifetime of about a quarter of an hour .
13 Bang ! ? ?
Radiating outward [ from the huge asteroid striking Earth ] ] at almost the speed of light would be the initial shock wave , sweeping everything before it . [ … ]
Within an hour , a cloud of blackness would cover the planet both the shock wave and the cloud would be travelling much slower [ 3 ]
14 Dangerous planet 270 ?
rocks are viscous , but only in the same way that glass is .
It may not look it , but all the glass on Earth is flowing downward under the relentless drag of gravity .
Remove a pane of really old glass from the window of a European cathedral and it will be noticeably thicker at the bottom than at the top
The flow is not visible to the naked eye after such a short period . [ 4 ]
The reason glass in old windows is sometimes thicker at the bottom than at the top is because of the way the glass was made .
Usually using the Crown Glass process .
This resulted in an uneven pane of glass ; when it came to fitting the glass in the lead frame the person doing it chose to put the thickest part at the bottom ( for obvious reasons , it would stand up better )
Sometimes however they would put the glass in the wrong way up and there are examples of panes being thicker at the top or at the side . [ 10 ]
Also , Roman , Chinese and Egyptian glass artifacts that predate medieval stained glass by centuries show no evidence of deformation due to any type of ' flow ' effect
14 Dangerous planet 273 ?
Space is full of dangerous cosmic rays which , in the absence of magnetic protection , would tear through our bodies , leaving much of our DNA in useless shreds .
The charged particles that are deflected by the magnetic field would , in the absence of that field , not reach Earth 's surface , they would be blocked by the atmosphere .
Failure of the magnetic field would only increase the radiation that satelites in low earth orbit and astronauts experience .
However , there are some indirect dangers .
Heavy charged particle bombardment of the atmosphere could cause depletion of the ozone layer ( but if this effect in the absence of the magnetic field would be large enough to be dangerous I do not know ) .
Second , if the Earth 's magnetic field would be absent for millions of years , the radiation could slowly strip the planet 's atmosphere away , as is thought to have happened to Mars [ 13 ] , [ 14 ] .
16 Lonely Planet ? ?
It is thought that our entire planet may contain , at any given moment , fewer than twenty francium atoms .
There is probably as much as 20 - 30g ( an ounce ) in the earth 's crust alone . [ 11 ]
17 Into the Troposhere ? ?
It is suggested that Leon - Philippe Teisserenc de Bort in 1902 personally ascended in a balloon to high altitudes to discover the tropopauze .
Bort actually used unmanned balloons , which is an area of science he pioneered in . [ 7 ] , [ 8 ]
17 Into the Troposhere ? ?
The temperature drops about 1.6 degrees Celsius with every 1,000 metres you climb .
May be confusion with air temperature and dewpoint here .
Air temperature actually drops 9.8 degrees C for each 1,000 metres of altitude .
Dewpoint drops about 1.8 degrees C for each 1,000 metres of altitude .
17 Into the Troposhere 321 25 The Earth revolves [ at ] … about 900 km/h in London or Paris .
The Earth ’s rotation speed is 1674 , 1102 , and 1042 km/h at the latitude of the equator , Paris , and London , respectively .
18 The Bounding Main ? ?
[ ambergris is derived from the giant squid ] ] is produced by the sperm whale , possibly as an aid in digestion of hard items such as squid beaks . [ 5 ]
21 Life Goes On 312 ? ? [ still mysterious Permian extinction 300,000 or so centuries later ]
Should read " 3,000,000 or so centuries later " .
Later in the paragraph , he indicates that this was 300 million years .
300,000 centuries is only 30 million years .
24 Cells ? ?
[ 10000 trillion cells after 47 divisions ]
Two rised to 47 gives only 140 trillion .
24 Cells ? ?
[ ten - thousand trillion cells in the human body ] about 50 trillion [ 3 ]
26 The stuff of life ? ?
Thiamine [ sic ] [ ( Vitamin B1 ) one of the four DNA bases ]
Thymine one of the four DNA bases and not Vitamin B1 ( Thiamine ) [ 6 ]
26 The stuff of life ? ?
[ Guanine -> Guano ]
Guano has given name to Guanine , not the other way round . [ 9 ]
By Emma Harding
BBC Radio 4
Europa may harbour an ocean beneath its thick crust of ice
Discovering life on another planet would change our sense of place in the Universe .
And the encounter may be closer than we think , according to a BBC Radio 4 documentary - 2010 : Space Odyssey to Europa .
Are we alone in the Solar System ?
In his novel , 2010 : Odyssey Two , the sequel to the hugely successful 2001 , Arthur C Clarke imagined a manned space mission discovering biological life on one of Jupiter 's icy moons , Europa .
And 400 years after Galileo first discovered Europa , scientists believe that more recent data on this icy moon might just prove Clarke right .
In our documentary , astronomer Paul Murdin explores the possibilities for finding life on this moon of Jupiter .
Last year , Nasa and the European Space Agency announced plans for a joint mission to Jupiter 's satellites , scheduled to launch around 2020 .
One of their main objectives is to look for evidence of life on Europa .
It looks like the ocean could be saturated with oxygen .
Given that , it seems unlimited how complex life could be there
Richard Greenberg , University of Arizona Europa was discovered - together with three other satellites of Jupiter - by Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei in January 1610 .
Four centuries later , this icy moon , 350 million miles from Earth , became a priority in space exploration following the tantalising images sent back from Nasa 's Galileo probe in the 1990s .
The Galileo data seemed to confirm an existing scientific theory - that Europa contained a deep , liquid water ocean .
Richard Greenberg was a member of the imaging team for the Galileo mission .
He says : " We know from Europa 's gravity that a liquid water ocean , roughly 100 miles deep , covers the entire surface - in fact there is twice as much water on Europa as in all of the Earth 's oceans combined . "
Fuel for life ?
This liquid ocean lies beneath a thick layer of ice , but any planetary body that contains liquid water immediately excites the interest of astrobiologists - scientists interested in understanding the origin and evolution of life in the Universe .
Life needs much more than water to grow and evolve , but a principal requirement is some sort of liquid in which biological reactions can occur .
EUROPA JUPITER SYSTEM MISSION Nasa : Jupiter Europa Orbiter could launch on Atlas rocket in 2020 Esa : Jupiter Ganymede Orbiter ( above ) lofted by an Ariane Probes use Venus gravity assist to arrive six years later Orbiters conduct joint observations at other Jupiter moons
Would finally settle into orbits around dedicated targets Studies will focus on Europa 's and Ganymede 's interiors
End destructions will allow unique measurement opportunities Dr Robert Pappalardo is the study scientist for the Europa orbiter at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in California , US .
He comments : " For life to exist , there have to be chemical reactions that power metabolism .
Europa 's surface is bathed in radiation .
" There are charged particles that are hitting Europa 's surface and making chemical reactions - hitting the H2O and creating oxygen on the surface .
If this oxygen can get down into ocean , this could be a fuel for life . "
Charles Cockell is a geomicrobiologist and an astrobiologist at the Open University in Milton Keynes , UK : " The temperature is one of the fundamental constraints to life on Europa .
There 's not a lot of convincing evidence for micro-organisms growing below about - 30C .
And in Europa 's ocean it could be - 50C , -60C .
It could be just too cold for life . "
The Europa Jupiter System Mission ( EJSM ) could answer some of these questions about Europa 's potential to harbour life .
Space scientists have already developed a range of imaginative proposals for the sort of technology that could be used , from penetrators that would smash into the surface , to melting probes that would slowly melt through the ice to reach the ocean beneath .
Glacial pace
One Nasa study imagines equipping one of these melting probes with a robot submersible that would roam through Europa 's ocean .
And if we get that far , it 's possible that a submersible might come face - to - face with extra-terrestrial life .
But what form is such life likely to take ?
The extremely cold temperatures in Europa 's ocean would suggest that if life exists there at all , it will have evolved at a glacial pace .
It seems we are more likely to find little green microbes than little green men .
Some scientists dream of exploring Europa 's ocean with robots But Richard Greenberg from the University of Arizona , US , has bigger ideas : " More complex organisms , like humans , are less efficient and need a lot of oxygen and a food supply .
But I did some calculations of how quickly the oxygen at the surface can work its way down into the ocean , and it looks like the ocean could be saturated with oxygen .
Given that , it seems unlimited how complex life could be there . "
Four hundred years ago , Galileo changed our sense of place in the Universe , when his discovery of four moons orbiting the planet Jupiter confirmed Copernicus ' radical idea - that the planets orbited the Sun.
Galileo 's discovery suggested that the Earth - and the humans on it - were no longer the centre of the Solar System .
In the 21st century , exploration of those icy moons may once again change our sense of how we fit into the Universe .
According to JPL's Robert Pappalardo , " Icy moons may be the most common habitats for life in the Universe , so studying Europa will help tell us not just whether life exists elsewhere in our Solar System , but how common life may be throughout the Universe . "
Paul Murdin presents 2010 : Space Odyssey to Europa at 9 pm on Thurs 4th February on BBC Radio 4 .
Or listen afterwards on BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What ’s the difference between standard sinkhole insurance coverage and catastrophic ground cover collapse ?
Prior to 2008 , every insurance company that sells property insurance in Florida was mandated to provide sinkhole insurance coverage , as provided for pursuant to Section 627.706 , Florida Statutes .
Under that statute , sinkhole activity was defined as “ the sudden settlement or collapse of earth supporting such property resulting from the creation of subterranean voids created by the action of water on a limestone or other similar rock formation . ”
That ’s a lot of geology to come to this :
There are rock layers beneath your home , which water can actually dissolve .
When this happens , holes open up beneath the ground and can actually impact the surface where your home is located .
Before and After Catastrophic Collapse Option
Sinkhole insurance coverage for property insurance losses has been around for decades .
However , in the past two years , the State of Florida authorized insurance companies to offer an option , which will save some property owners in some counties on their insurance premiums .
This new coverage , which substitutes for sinkhole damage coverage , is called catastrophic ground cover collapse .
Previously , if sinkhole activity damaged your house , it was covered by the homeowner ’s sinkhole insurance plan , even if the actual damage to your house was limited or gradual in nature .
Nearly all geologists agree that sinkhole losses , when they do occur , do not result in catastrophic losses .
Instead , the damage presents itself as stair - step cracks , internal tile damage , or deflection in the roof .
In my experience as a sinkhole lawyer , fewer than one percent of losses result in a cataclysmic event , where the home becomes uninhabitable , rendering this sinkhole insurance coverage nearly useless to homeowners .
Read more about the dangers of relying on catastrophic ground cover collapse for your sinkhole insurance needs .
Have a burning question you ’d like to ask about sinkholes ?
Let us know .
Agency UK Space Agency announced
24/03/2010 2961 views 3 likes
A new UK Space Agency will take over responsibility for UK government policy and the key budgets for space , and bring together all UK civil space activities under one single management .
The agency , which comes into being on 1 April , will also represent the UK on space matters in all negotiations with international partners and will allow the UK to take full advantage of the opportunities offered by a world increasingly dependent on advances in space innovations and science .
British space policy and budgets have until now been handled by a partnership of government departments and science funding councils .
The UK Space Agency will , step by step , assume control of these budgets and their management functions .
ESA astronaut Tim Peake and Lord Drayson talk with youngsters
This will start with the ESA subscriptions currently funded by the Natural Environment Research Council , the Science and Technology Facilities Council and the Technology Strategy Board ( TSB ) and and subsequently managing UK interests in EU projects including the space component of GMES and the Galileo satellite navigation system .
It has also been agreed in principle that the agency will manage the UK ’s financial interest in the EU Satellite Centre , which is currently the responsibility of the Ministry of Defence .
The relationship with ESA will remain strong and will indeed become stronger through this arrangement .
ESA ’s Director General Jean - Jacques Dordain said : “ The UK government has given strong signs of its willingness to use space as a tool to deliver scientific progress , economic growth , industrial competitiveness and services to citizens , as well as to position the UK as a stronger player in Europe .
Logo of the new UK Space Agency “ Among these are the programme decisions taken at the last ESA Ministerial Council in 2008 , the agreement to develop ESA facilities at Harwell and the setting up of the Space Innovation Growth Team .
The creation of a strong executive agency is a consequence of such a strong political momentum .
“ We at ESA see this as a clear sign that the UK wants to reinforce its space sector and its commitment to ESA .
This is good for the whole UK economy , good for ESA and good for Europe .
We are looking forward to working closely with the new executive space agency that is privileged to be building on the successful work the BNSC has done over the past decades . ”
Aerial view of Harwell Campus
At the launch of the UK Space Agency , it was also announced that a new International Space Innovation Centre ( ISIC ) would be sited next to ESA ’s facility at Harwell in Oxfordshire .
This will provide a central hub for British space activity and establish ‘ centres of excellence ’ in the UK for the exploitation of data generated by Earth observation satellites , using space data to understand and counter climate change , and ensuring the security and resilience of space systems and services .
News in Science
Lunar mirror mystery solved
Scientists believe lunar dust heated by the Sun is degrading the performance of the Apollo reflector arrays and could explain a strange phenomena that occurs during a full Moon .
The findings may have implications for future missions to the Moon , including lunar - based telescopes .
The reflectors were placed on the lunar surface during the Apollo 11 , 14 and 15 missions , as well as the Soviet Lunakhod 1 and 2 robotic missions .
Since 1969 astronomers have been firing lasers at these reflectors , timing how long it takes the photons to get back .
Of the 100 quadrillion photons fired out in each laser pulse , only one makes it back - and then only if clouds and other airborne particles are n't in the way .
These laser pulses have provided a wealth of data , including confirmation that the Moon is spiralling away from Earth at 38 millimetres per year .
But during the past four decades , harsh conditions on the lunar surface have impacted on their performance .
Originally , the Lunakhod reflectors , were 25 % stronger than the best of the Apollo reflectors .
Today they are ten times worse , with Lunakhod 1 not reflecting at all .
But the biggest mystery for researchers is why does their reflectivity drop by a factor of 10 during a full Moon .
Dust build - up
In a paper published on the electronic preprint website arXiv and accepted for publication in the journal Icarus , scientists led by Tom Murphy from the University of California , San Diego say material settling on the reflectors is reducing their efficiency .
" Dust is perhaps the most likely candidate for the observed degradation , " they write .
The researchers also identified micrometeorite damage and the breakdown of Teflon mountings , which may have left deposits on the back of the reflector .
The clue to solving the full Moon mystery came out of observations taken during total lunar eclipses .
They found that within 15 minutes of an eclipse occurring , the efficiency of the reflectors returned to its normal levels , and when the eclipse ended the efficiency immediately droped .
Murphy and colleagues believe dust on the reflectors heats up during a full Moon causing unintended thermal effects , which distort their shape .
They say a four - degree temperature difference across the reflector is enough to reduce its efficiency by a factor of ten .
The researchers say the findings are important for future missions to the Moon .
" The evidence for substantially worsened performance of the lunar reflectors over time makes it important to consider the long - term usefulness of next - generation devices proposed for the lunar surface , " they write .
" The results could impact the designs of a wide variety of space hardware - especially next - generation laser ranging reflectors , telescopes , optical communication devices , or equipment dependent on passive thermal control . "
ParmisPDF is 100 % standalone PDF Software
Written by Super User / Published : Wednesday , April 24 2019
ParmisPDF is 100 % standalone and does not rely on external libraries .
All the features are packed into a single executable file ( Without any DLL , ActiveX and etc. ) .
Silent execution mode enables developers to integrate ParmisPDF to desktop or server applications seamlessly .
I just saw a piece on the Boston Herald , talking about a killer and playing up the fact that he played Dungeons and Dragons like it was relevant to the case .
This , in tandem with other stories like how a prisoner was told he can’t play D&D , even though it really is in line with other activities prisoners are allowed , shows that there really is more stigma against the game than some of us seem to realize these days .
Now , to clarify , I think there are plenty of arguments you could make for banning D&D in jail .
Of course , most of those arguments would also lead to banning sports , video games , and most of the other small amenities prisoners enjoy while living what is probably a soul - crushing life behind bars .
However , “ D&D promotes gang activity ” was not one of those reasonable arguments .
Onto the meat of what I want to talk about though .
That is the irresponsible news reporting of the Boston Herald .
A couple examples from this illustrious piece , with my responses :
“ “ They even acted this crap out , ” the source said . ”
I wanted to address this point out first , because it seems so innocuous , but it ’s loaded .
First , they talk like acting is a bad thing .
Acting , to one degree or another , is integral to the experience .
It ’s creative , group storytelling .
Like putting together a play , with the dangerous or impossible parts determined by dice and described by the group .
Second , this makes out those who larp as crazy , and while I find the idea of larping not to my liking , I have friends who larp and understand it ’s just a more active form of the game .
Furthermore , larping is safe , as they use fake foam weapons that you could n’t possibly injure someone with .
Think Nerf , and you know exactly how dangerous what they use is , which is not at all .
Finally , the reference to roleplaying as “ crap ” .
Sure , you might not like it , but leave the rest of us alone .
This “ crap ” did n’t lead to the killing .
It does n’t deserve your comtempt .
Get over it and do something productive with your time instead of slandering a harmless pastime .
“ The popular fantasy role - playing game has a long history of controversy , with objections raised to its demonic and violent elements .
Some experts have cited the D&D backgrounds of people who were later involved in violent crimes , while others say it just a game . ”
And of course , how can we forget this standard , throwaway line guaranteed to promote controversy and ratings .
The only controversy is from the fact that we legitimize the opinions of people who know nothing at all about the game .
I realize some may say I ’m doing that by arguing this here , but what I ’m talking about is when we treat the opposing opinion as equal all the time , even when it is factually wrong or misleading .
Yeah , there are demons and violence in D&D .
There are also demons and violence on TV , in books , and in the Bible that provides the grounds half these people are using to stomp all over D&D .
Just because there are demonic characters does n’t make the game demonic .
They ’re part of the evil in campaigns that is typically fought against .
The violence is just as justifiable as any movie violence is , and there is usually more violence in any action movie than in a game of D&D .
And to be clear , referencing the first point a bit , the violence is part of a story being written and played through by a group of people , it is not literally acted out .
Finally , a point on the experts involved .
If you cited the D&D background of someone involved in violent crime as a cause of the crime , then you are not an expert on D&D or roleplaying games .
Anyone who has actually sat down and played this game knows for a fact that it is harmless entertainment .
It does not create killers , it does not enroll people in a satanic cult , it is not an affront to God .
It is a game , it is fun , it teaches people to creatively think on their feet , and it allows everyone to create a story together , cooperatively , or blow off some steam in an imaginary battle against evil .
Among other good things .
So , to those who report the news .
Stop legitimizing controversy that is n’t legitimate .
If you insist on reporting the other side to be “ fair and balanced ” , be sure to explain when they are , in fact , wrong and should n’t actually be taken seriously .
Better yet , just stop acting like D&D is some evil , controversial activity and report on the actual story , which was about a serial killer , not about D&D causing him to kill , since that is n’t what actually happened .
In short , please report on facts , not fiction .
Thank you .
Philosopher Martin Armstrong , already in jail , has apparently been thrown in solitary confinement for distributing manifestos .
Below , via Zero Hedge , is what purports to be Martin 's latest handwritten solution to our economic crisis , apparently smuggled out of prison .
Basically , the solution is :
Convert world debts to equity
Eliminate all taxes except local sales tax
If this document is genuine , though , the more noteworthy fact is that it was somehow scribbled in longhand and smuggled out of solitary confinement :
Martin Armstrong From the Hole 3910
Many may have suffered from heating up of their CPU .
Some of reasons are launching the high end graphics game or or any other stressful operations .
What should you do now ?
For the problems like this you may include additional cooling fan in your CPU , which is affordable .
So , take a look at the video above .
This video explains you to build your homemade CPU cooling fan with a CD or DVD .
Things needed to do this : 1. CD / DVD * 2. Scissors3 . Candle4 . Cork * 5 . USB Cable * 6 .
Small Mortar of a Remote Car *
Want to see your Videos here ?
Send us your Videos URL ’s or YouTube channel URL and we will post your videos here .
Send us your URL ’s at : admin@gadgetcage.com .
or Simply submit yours links here .
Rhys Johnson was playing near his house in Llansamlet A coroner has urged parents to supervise children using air guns after a 10 - year - old boy died after being shot at close range in the heart .
Rhys Johnson of Llansamlet in Swansea died in hospital on 27 September .
An inquest heard he and a friend were using his father 's airgun without his knowledge in a lane behind his home .
Recording a verdict of accidental death coroner Philip Rogers was told Rhys 's friend did not mean to shoot him as they were taking ' pot shots ' at cans .
Mr Rogers heard Rhys and his 12 - year - old friend were playing in the lane behind his house .
Det Sgt Nigel Morgan said the friend was holding the .22 calibre air rifle when he thought he heard Rhys call to him .
" Rhys was standing to his left calling him and laughing , " he said .
" The boy held the rifle at the butt in his right arm with his finger on the trigger .
I 'm sure Mr and Mrs Johnson were not aware the children were using the weapon unsupervised
Philip Rogers , coroner " As he turned he felt the gun to be heavy .
As it fell away he pulled it towards him and accidentally fired the trigger .
" Rhys was holding himself to the chest - he thought he was joking then he thought he 's shot Rhys in the hand .
" He saw no blood and Rhys ran to the house . "
The boy , who cannot be named for legal reasons , dropped the Webley Vulcan .22 break - barelled air rifle and followed Rhys into his house .
Det Sgt Morgan said : " He was crying and apologising for what happened . "
Rhys was hit by a pellet at close range .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Surgeons in Swansea battled for several hours to save the schoolboy but he died in the early hours of the morning of the following day .
The medical cause of death was an airgun wound to the heart .
The Swansea inquest heard no legal action was taken against the boy .
Playing indoors
The inquest was told Rhys had played with his father 's gun since the age of eight but only while supervised .
His father , workshop engineer David Johnson , told the inquest : " I would allow him to use it if he was with me when I was up the garden or we were spending time together .
" Rhys would have shown interest in it from when he was about eight - year - old - maybe younger . "
Mr Johnson , 36 , said he thought Rhys was indoors on his Playstation when the tragedy happened .
Swansea coroner Philip Rogers said : " This sad case proved the danger of air weapons .
Such weapons although not requiring to be licensed can prove fatal .
" I would urge anyone with children to try and ensure that such weapons are not used without parental supervision .
" I 'm sure Mr and Mrs Johnson were not aware the children were using the weapon unsupervised . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Norman Surplus from Larne , Northern Ireland , waves to the media from his autogyro at Duxford , England , Thursday , March , 11 , 2010 .
Surplus is to attempt a circumnavigation of the globe in the autogyro , starting from Larne on March 18 , depending on the weather .
With its open cockpit it will be flying through 26 countries , 27,000 miles including 4,300 miles over water , in an expedition that will raise awareness and money for bowel cancer .
The specially adapted machine will have collapsible fuel tanks that will give it a range of some 900 miles .
( AP Photo / Alastair Grant ) #
You 've got to feel sorry for the Democratic ­Senate leader , Harry Reid .
In 1995 , when it seemed Colin Powell might run for president , Powell explained his ­appeal to white voters thus : " I speak reasonably well , like a white person " , and , visually , " I ai n't that black " .
More than a decade later , Reid said almost the same thing about Barack Obama , arguing that the presidential candidate owed his success in part to his " light - skinned " appearance and the fact that he spoke " with no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one " .
There is a crucial difference here ( leaving aside that Reid has not updated his terminology since the 50s ) .
Powell was talking about himself and is black , while Reid was referring to someone else and is not .
But if the ensuing ­brouhaha was embarrassing for Reid – on those rare occasions when Fox News finds a sliver on the high ground , it tends to take out a long mortgage and build on it – it was emblematic of a far bigger issue for Obama .
Because on top of an economy in ­collapse , two wars unravelling and plummeting approval ratings , he has what can best be described as a ­" discursive " problem .
A full year after he took office , people have not found a sensible way to talk about him .
One minute Jesse Jackson , in an unscripted moment , says he wants to " cut his nuts off " ; the next he is crying in Chicago 's Grant Park as Obama delivers his victory speech .
The same people on the right who insist he is a Muslim fulminated over his pastor , ­Jeremiah Wright .
When you point out that Muslims do n't have pastors , they just shrug .
Europeans who wish he led their country also wish their countries would pull their troops out of Afghanistan – the very war he is escalating .
When it comes to Obama , it really does n't have to make sense – it just has to connect .
Those who misunderstood how Obama came to office are now struggling to understand what has ­happened in the year since he has been in it for three main reasons .
First , Obama was never a radical .
He won on a decidedly middle - of - the - road Democratic platform .
Beyond the Iraq war , which he opposed and she ­supported , there was little to chose between him and Hillary Clinton in terms of their programmes .
They had voted the same way in the Senate 90 % of the time .
True , he represents a dramatic progressive shift in direction from the previous eight years .
But in almost any other western country his policies on the Middle East , gay marriage , trade and capital punishment would cast him out of polite leftwing company .
Yes , there are grounds for disappointment .
Bush 's torture infrastructure has been left largely intact , the Iraq withdrawal has been extended by two years and the healthcare reform debate might have panned out differently had he led more decisively .
But there is a world between that and accusations of betrayal and treachery .
In Afghanistan in particular , the problem was that he kept his campaign pledge whereas many of us wish that he had broken it .
" Why as an intellectual did you believe in a God anyway , " asked the ­Palestinian intellectual Edward Said after rereading The God That Failed , a book in which six prominent ex-communists relate their disillusionment with communism .
" And besides , who gave you the right to imagine that your early disbelief and later disenchantment were so important ? "
Those who think they have been let down by a leftwing champion must answer for their own selective hearing .
What really distinguished Obama 's campaign from Clinton 's was its ­grassroots energy .
Which brings us to the ­second point .
While it was a grassroots campaign , it was never a movement .
That did n't mean there was n't the possibility that it might have become one .
But its sole function was to get him elected .
When you pointed this out to his supporters during the election , many would become indignant .
But one year on , the question is : " Where are they now ? "
In a handful of areas , the energy and determination of those days is still evident .
But for most of this year the right has been making all the running outside of the electoral politics and forcing the administration on to the back foot .
It is reasonable to argue that Obama should tack to the left .
But given the range of forces he has to deal with , from Fox News to corporate lobbyists , it is not reasonable to argue that he would make that leftward journey without some pressure from outside or to expect him to organise the left opposition himself .
Finally , for all his financial and organisational advantage , the fact that he ran a far better campaign , had a far more impressive running mate , was a far more charismatic candidate , and was campaigning against a party that had overseen a huge economic crisis and two unpopular wars , Obama did not win by much .
In terms of the popular vote he won 53 % of the vote against John McCain 's 47 % .
True , there were 192 electoral college votes between them .
But 73 of those – Florida , Ohio , North Carolina and Indiana – were won with just 51 % of the vote or less .
When it comes to health reform and the economic stimulus bill , Obama may reasonably be accused of timidity in ­promoting a more progressive agenda , but only in the context of what is legislatively possible .
He needs 60 votes in the Senate to get a bill passed .
No 60 , no bill .
All of this comes by way of critique rather than criticism , and explanation as opposed to ­excuse .
Obama does not need the benefit of our doubt .
He is the president of the most powerful country on the planet .
He has enough benefits already .
But the absence of rational discussion will lead , ­ineluctably , to the absence of rational conclusions .
Tomorrow being Martin Luther King day , those who want to compare him to the civil rights leader must first acknowledge that King never had to stand for election .
If he did , he would certainly have lost .
We are only still talking about Obama because he won .
And his victory was secured with narrow margins on a mainstream agenda .
One need not accept these limitations in ­order to acknowledge their existence .
What the response to his election indicated was a sizeable constituency , both at home and abroad , for a shift towards greater peace and equality than the politics that dominated the last decade .
But , given the entrenched interests in the American polity , no election by itself can deliver that .
The distance between the aspirations invested in him during his campaign and his record after one year is the distinction between the electoral and the political in this current period .
Popular demands thwarted by institutional stasis and ideological sclerosis .
These are early days .
But the risk at this moment is twofold .
First , that Obama ends this year with no progressive legislative victories .
Second , and arguably worse , that he embraces legislation that sounds progressive but does not substantially improve people 's lives .
People do n't want healthcare reform ; they want affordable healthcare .
They do n't want a stimulus bill ; they want jobs .
The time for lofty rhetoric has long gone .
The time for measured analysis has been too long coming .
• This article was amended on 18 January 2010 .
It originally stated that there were 92 electoral college votes between Obama and McCain .
There were 192 .
This has been corrected .
A truck carrying equipment of the Red Bull team has been involved in a road crash near Melbourne .
A witness told local radio station 3AW that the incident occurred on the major Princes Freeway about 20 minutes from the city .
The witness said there were two trucks in the convoy carrying containers , and " Red Bull Racing is written over the side of the containers " .
The Age newspaper quoted a police spokesman as saying a car was also involved in the accident , which was " nothing serious " despite " some debris " being scattered .
An ambulance spokesman said a 32 - year - old man was treated at the scene .
The newspaper said the Renault - powered RB6 cars had been due to arrive in the Albert Park pit lane on Friday .
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
If you are in need of an experienced attorney to help you with your family court case , we can help .
We handle all types of family court cases .
Our goal is get you through your situation quickly , efficiently and as cost - effectively as possible .
Find out how we can help .
- video encodings still in process -
Brees arrived in New Orleans in 2006 and since has ranked among the NFL's elite quarterbacks , including being named the Associated Press Offensive Player of the Year last season and having twice been voted to the Pro Bowl .
He has set a slew of records over the last three seasons , and each year in New Orleans has exceeded his performance from the season before .
Brees has led all passers since 2006 with 13,910 yards - the second - highest three - season total in NFL history - and paces the league with 1,209 completions and ranks second over the span with 88 touchdowns .
In 2008 , he passed for 5,069 yards , just the second player to reach the 5,000 - yard milestone in league record books and 15 short of breaking the record set by Dan Marino in 1984 .
Few players in the era of free agency have made the impact that Brees has had on the Saints .
He led the club to the NFC Championship Game in 2006 , has started all 48 regular - season contests , has recorded a league - high 23 games with at least 300 passing yards and has been named the NFC Offensive Player of the Week seven times .
Brees was also honored as the co-winner of the 2006 NFL Walter Payton Man of the Year , in large part for his charitable contributions and volunteer work , where he has taken a leadership role in the New Orleans community .
Brees signed a six - year contract with the Saints in March of 2006 as an Unrestricted Free Agent after ranking as one of the NFL's top quarterbacks over the previous two seasons with San Diego , departing as the Chargers ' all - time leader for career completion percentage .
Originally drafted by San Diego in 2001 , in 2004 Brees was selected to the Pro Bowl after earning a host of awards , including the Associated Press Comeback Player of the Year .
The federal “ vaccines court ” ruled Friday in three separate cases that the mercury - containing preservative thimerosal does not cause autism , a finding that supports the broad scientific consensus on the matter but that greatly disappointed parents who are convinced that their child ’s illness was caused by vaccines .
The court had ruled 13 months ago that a combination of the measles - mumps - rubella vaccine , commonly known as the MMR vaccine , and thimerosal does not cause the disorder , so the new ruling may finally close the bulk of litigation on the matter .
The earlier ruling has been appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals , and this one most likely will be also , but most experts think the court will uphold the decision .
A claim that the MMR vaccine alone causes autism has been withdrawn by parents .
More than 5,300 parents had filed claims with the vaccines court , a branch of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims , seeking damages because they believed their children had developed autism as a result of vaccinations .
And they reacted bitterly to Friday ’s ruling .
Advertisement
“ Find me another industry where the U.S. government defends their product in court and funds the science that exonerates them , ” said J.B. Handley , a founder of Generation Rescue in Sherman Oaks and father of a child with autism .
“ The average citizen has no hope . ”
The cases that three judges , called special masters , chose to rule on as test cases were considered among the strongest , so the outlook appears grim for others making the same claim .
Each ruled on one case .
Special Master Denise K. Vowell wrote in one of the decisions that “ petitioners propose effects from mercury in [ vaccines ] that do not resemble mercury ’s known effects in the brain , either behaviorally or at the cellular level .
To prevail , they must show that the exquisitely small amounts of mercury in [ vaccines ] that reach the brain can produce devastating effects that far larger amounts experienced prenatally or postnatally from other sources do not . ”
She also dismissed claims that some groups of children are unusually susceptible to the effects of mercury .
“ The only evidence that these children are unusually sensitive is the fact of their [ autism ] itself . ”
Advertisement
In a separate ruling , Special Master George L. Hastings wrote : “ This case . . . is not a close case .
The overall weight of the evidence is overwhelmingly contrary to the petitioners ’ causation theories . ”
Commenting on the rulings , Dr. Paul Offit of the Children ’s Hospital of Philadelphia said in a news conference that the idea that vaccines or thimerosal cause autism “ had its day in scientific court and was shown not to hold up .
. . .
The ruling clearly supported the science , fortunately . ”
Offit , inventor of the rotavirus vaccine and author of five books on the vaccine controversy , is a strong proponent of vaccination and has been vilified by many parents .
Parents and advocacy groups argued that the ruling represents a conspiracy to protect vaccination programs .
“ The courts wo n’t concede something that will bring down the vaccination program , ” Handley said .
Vaccine court special masters are protecting the vaccine program at the expense of children harmed by inoculations , said Mary Holland of the Coalition for Vaccine Safety , an umbrella organization of autism groups that says it is focused on improving vaccine safety science .
Advertisement
“ I ’m sure they sincerely believe they ’re protecting the public health because they think that if people believed vaccines caused diseases , they would stop vaccinating children , ” Holland said .
“ They bend over backwards to not acknowledge vaccine injury . ”
Largely because of parental fears , thimerosal was removed from all childhood vaccines by 2001 , except for multidose vials of influenza vaccine .
Despite that action , the prevalence of autism has continued to grow , and it is now thought to affect as many as one in every 100 children , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The vaccine court was established in 1986 because vaccine manufacturers were facing many liability suits that threatened their ability to continue manufacturing the medicines .
The court holds no - fault hearings to determine whether a child has been harmed by a vaccine .
Compensation comes from a $ 2.5 - billion fund based on a 75 - cent surcharge on each dose of vaccine .
The court has made many awards to parents who successfully showed that their children were damaged neurologically or otherwise by vaccinations -- a rare , but nonetheless real event -- but has refused to accept claims that autism is caused by vaccination .
Advertisement
The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear an appeal from Pittsburgh parents who want to sue vaccine manufacturer Wyeth directly because their daughter suffered a series of debilitating seizures after being vaccinated .
They argue that they cannot get a fair hearing in the vaccine court .
thomas.maugh@ latimes.com
azajac@latimes.com
Trine Tsouderos in Chicago contributed to this report .
The biggest causes of deforestation in tropical countries are population growth in cities and agricultural exports , a finding that should shape decisions on preventing forest loss , experts say .
Under December 's Copenhagen Accord , rich countries are pledging about $ US10 billion ( $ A11.6 billion ) over the next three years to help poor countries tackle climate change .
A big but so far unspecified chunk of the cash will go on programs to prevent loss of tropical forests , which is a major source of greenhouse gases .
Beyond 2012 , tens of billions of dollars per year could be primed if a planned UN pact on curbing climate change comes to fruition .
But environmental scientists publishing on Sunday in the journal Nature Geoscience cautioned against a rush to favour schemes that are unlikely to work .
It 's been more than a decade since the Lancet published a study that looked at 12 children and suggested a possible link between autism and the vaccine for measles , mumps and rubella .
Today , the Lancet formally retracted the paper , a few days after a British panel said the lead author 's conduct was " irresponsible " and " misleading . "
In its ...
This article is about the sixth production season .
For the DVD set labelled " Season 6 " in Australia and the UK , see Volume 6 .
Season 6 is the first season of the second run , its first episode aired on 24 June , 2010 and its last on 8 September , 2011 .
With 26 episodes , it ties with season 7 as the largest season of the series , beating season 3 by four episodes .
The production season is spread out over two broadcast seasons , the seventh and eighth , with 13 episodes in 2010 and 13 in 2011 .
Both seasons end with a non-canon segmented episode : the seventh broadcast season ended with " The Futurama Holiday Spectacular " and the eight ended with " Reincarnation " .
Broadcast season 8 , referred to by Comedy Central as " Season 6 - B " , began on 23 June 2011 .
Comedy Central chose to air Season 6 - A in production order , similar to how Fox aired season 1 ; however , they are airing Season 6 - B out of order , similar to how Fox aired seasons 3 and 4 .
Season 6 was long the last known season of Futurama , before the series was announced to have been renewed for a seventh season in March 2011 .
As a result , the finale episode of the season was constructed to work as a series finale , similar to " The Devil 's Hands Are Idle Playthings " and Into the Wild Green Yonder before it .
Plot development
A majority of the characters die and are reborn ( 6ACV01 ) .
The season opens where Into the Wild Green Yonder ends : the Planet Express crew ( and others ) are fleeing from the Nimbus , escaping into a wormhole with unknown end .
As it turns out , they crash unto the ground in New New York , and as a result everyone except the Professor dies , and he has to rebirth them all ( 6ACV01 ) .
A shift occurs in focus on the Fry - Leela relationship , following the final scenes of Into the Wild Green Yonder .
They now consider themselves at least to some degree a couple ( 6ACV01 , 6ACV07 ) , and they finally sleep together ( 6ACV10 ) .
Throughout 3010 , the Professor constructs both a time machine ( 6ACV07 ) and a Mind - Switcher ( 6ACV10 ) .
Earth is invaded by both cats ( 6ACV08 ) and Omicronians ( 6ACV11 ) , and Amy Wong finally gets her degree in applied physics ( 6ACV08 ) .
Production
Speculation before confirmation
Immediately after Bender 's Game was announced , members of the media and fans started discussing the possibility of Futurama returning as a TV show .
With the release of Into the Wild Green Yonder the speculation became intense .
On 7 June , 2009 , Collider.com posted a rumour about a new TV season .
[ 3 ]
Two days later , Comedy Central officially announced its return . [ 4 ]
Recasting ploy
Main article : Recasting ploy
On 17 July , 2009 , 20th Century Fox Television announced that the main characters of Futurama would be recast , opening the door for new actors to audition .
[ 5 ] 20th Century Fox Television cited that salary negotiations had collapsed with the voice actors , who , according to several reports wanted 75,000 dollars per episode in salary , [ 6 ] however this number remains unconfirmed by 20th Century Fox Television or the voice actors ' reps , [ 7 ]
Phil LaMarr later denied the 75,000 dollar per episode claim as greatly exaggerated .
Meanwhile , others firmly believed that 20th Century Fox Television were using a negotiation ploy to get the voice actors to cut their salary demands , [ 7 ] [ 8 ] and cited cases where 20th Century Fox Television had done the same thing for The Simpsons in the past , [ 6 ] and they all still have the same voice actors . [ 8 ]
Despite anticipation for news at the San Diego Comic - Con , 2009 , Futurama panel , Matt Groening and David X. Cohen revealed nothing on the situation with the voice actors , only that they were hoping for the best . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
The voice actors were , as expected , not present at the panel , [ 9 ] [ 10 ] effectively putting an end to the debates on whether it was a hoax to stir up more talk about the show .
However , the whole ordeal ended on 31 July , 2009 , when 20th Century Fox Television and Katey Sagal , Maurice LaMarche , Tress MacNeille , Billy West and John DiMaggio came to a deal . [ 11 ]
Back to work
Since Futurama was announced back in June , 2009 , the writers room had been working on a non -stop basis , and on 7 August , 2009 the first table reading began , and the first recording session would begin the following week . [ 12 ]
In February 2010 , covers of episodes " The Mutants Are Revolting " and " The Silence of the Clamps " were revealed , [ 13 ] and more was revealed in the months to come .
The first coloured footage was presented by Rough Draft Studios to the producers on 11 March 2010 .
Animation
As in the original run , Rough Draft Studios continued to do the animation for Futurama for the sixth season .
Animation - wise , technology had developed significantly since Futurama first aired , and in addition to the high - definition technology used for the films , season 6 was broadcast in widescreen and high - definition where available .
In contrast to earlier seasons , more animation work is done by Rough Draft Studios Korea , an overseas department of Rough Draft Studios in South Korea .
While this is a measure to cut cost , producers noted that the quality of the show was not to be diminished as a result .
History
Tease of content before broadcast
Before season 6 began airing on 24 June , revelations about the content of the season began making their way out to the public early on .
When David X. Cohen was interviewed shortly after the show was announced to have been revived , he talked about some of their early ideas for the new season , such as references to Twitter and iPhones ( 6ACV03 ) , and he teased about a " shocking relationship " between two main characters ( 6ACV04 ) .
Cohen stressed that the new season would focus largely on everyday life in the future , and be more focused on characters in contrast to the films , that were more plot driven . [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
At the San Diego Comic - Con 2009 , more information was revealed about the season .
The two plots teased earlier were further elaborated on , and new pieces of interest included a plot about Fry and Professor Farnsworth finding a time machine that only goes forward ( 6ACV07 ) , Zapp and Leela stranded on a planet alone ( 6ACV02 ) , how Zoidberg met Professor Farnsworth ( 6ACV18 ) , the origins of Scruffy and two new segmented episodes ( 6ACV13 , 6ACV26 ) .
In an 28 August 2009 Newsday story , [ 17 ]
Cohen revealed that " [t ] here are six scripts currently in the works , ranging in scale from ' it 's a crazy idea that someone 's grandmother thought of ' to 'it 's all on paper . '
Without giving away too much , I 'll say the first episode is tentatively titled " Rebirth " - and in a surprisingly literal fashion , as things turn out . "
On a 3 October sneak preview , more plots were revealed .
One episode were to involve Bender grave robbing in the Vatican , and as a result it will also involve the Space Pope ( 6ACV05 ) .
He also revealed a Nibbler story ( 6ACV08 ) and the eyePhones were revealed to be implanted into the eye .
Futher interviews included Katey Sagal talking about the plot of " The Mutants Are Revolting " , and the voice actors talking about how the new episodes were not only en par with the original run , but many times better and explaining that the writers and producers have come back with renewed energy . [ 13 ] [ 18 ]
Talk of possible reboot
Briefly after the show 's revival was revealed , Matt Groening explained that he had been inspired by J.J. Abrams ' Star Trek film , in regards of rebooting a franchise , though Cohen clarified it , explaining that they " will not re-cast the actors " or anything that extreme .
At the San Diego Comic - Con 2009 , a question was asked to the panel about the ending of Into the Wild Green Yonder , to which Matt Groening talked about ignoring it all together , while David X. Cohen wanted to address the conflicts but warned viewers might want to " turn away " for a " literal rebirth " of the show .
[ 9 ]
The original concept of the first episode was to be set in another universe as a result of the worm hole , but Matt Groening moved to make a literal rebirth of the characters . [ 19 ]
Revelations from the production team
During the course of the production , writing and recording of the sixth season , several partial details about plots were revealed through Internet services like Facebook and Twitter by Maurice LaMarche , Mike Rowe and an unnamed production staff member . [ 13 ]
Pictures of scripts and production script covers emerged , [ 13 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] revealing the title of the hundredth [ 20 ] and the hundred and second episodes . [ 21 ]
The copyright for the titles for the first eight episodes of season 6 was approved on 18 March 2010 , and many episode titles were listed , one of which would later be changed from " Inspector # 5 " to " Lethal Inspection " . [ 22 ]
Further copyrighted titles for the following three episodes was confirmed on 16 April 2010 . [ 23 ]
Countdown to Futurama
Main article : Countdown to Futurama
Starting on 5 May , 2010 , Comedy Central Insider began posting daily updates and revelations about the upcoming season in a session they called Countdown to Futurama , [ 24 ] starting with a promo picture for " Rebirth " and continuing with promotional pictures and sketches from most episodes .
On 4 May , 2011 , Comedy Central Insider began its second instalment of its Countdown to Futurama , specifically broadcast season 8 ( or ' season 6b ' as Comedy Central calls it ) with previews of " Neutopia " . [ 25 ]
2010 - 2011 hiatus
" The Mutants Are Revolting " aired as the last episode of the main segment of the seventh broadcast season on 2 September , 2010 .
In the days after , the titles of several new episodes from the upcoming broadcast season were revealed , including " Neutopia " , " Möbius Dick " and " Law and Oracle " .
Before the release of the seasonal " The Futurama Holiday Spectacular " , which was aired between the two broadcast seasons , Futurama 's 12 Days of Xmas Countdown was featured on the Comedy Central Insider , focusing on the episode .
On 2 December , the rest of the tentative titles as well as many story plots and writers were revealed at Can't Get Enough Futurama . [ 26 ] CGEF 's owner , ' [ - mArc - ] ' revealed — however — that he was n't entirely certain of the order , and noted that it was possible that it could change . [ 26 ]
Eric Rogers revealed over Twitter that schedule had changed , and that his episode " The Silence of the Clamps " would first air on 21 July . [ 27 ] [ 28 ]
Later , Can't Get Enough Futurama revealed that " Neutopia " and " Benderama " would both air as the season première on 23 June . [ 29 ]
Despite the change in schedule , the original order suggested by CGEF [ 26 ] seems to remain the production order , [ 29 ] indicating that broadcast season 8 would differ in order from the second half of season 6 .
On 2 February , Vulture revealed that the new broadcast season would begin airing on 23 June . [ 30 ]
Reception
Viewers and ratings of the first half of season 6 .
This article is in need of an update .
Editors are encouraged to update and expand the article .
Season 6 has so far received mixed reception from both fans and critics , and is considered by many fans to be the worst season .
Most viewers have been extremely critical of some episodes , especially from the first half of broadcast season 7 .
" In - A - Gadda - Da - Leela " , " Attack of the Killer App " , " The Futurama Holiday Spectacular " and " Yo Leela Leela " have frequently been called the worst Futurama episodes ever .
Meanwhile , several episodes have been very well received .
" The Late Philip J. Fry " has frequently been called the best and most touching episode of all time , and " The Prisoner of Benda " has been called the funniest .
" Cold Warriors " and " Overclockwise " were also very popular among fans .
Episodes
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
In a move that could signal a serious fault line in the argument for more vegetables as a tonic for childhood obesity , drafters of “ Healthy Schools ” legislation pending before the D.C. Council have scuttled a push for additional produce in school meals after school officials said they cannot guarantee their kitchens can prepare vegetables that kids will actually eat and not throw in the trash .
“ More vegetables ” has become a mantra of advocates for healthier school food , including First Lady Michelle Obama , whose White House vegetable garden created a sensation .
The “ Healthy Schools ” bill , scheduled to come up for a hearing next week , had embraced standards proposed by the Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) that would require larger servings of fruits , vegetables — especially green and orange vegetables and legumes — and whole grains as part of an upgraded school nutrition package designed to bring school meals in line with the Dietary Guidelines for Americans .
The IOM panel that made the recommendations , working at the behest of the U.S. Department of Agriculture , warned , however , that requiring more produce and whole grains would drive up the cost of school meals , and that there could be no guarantee that children would eat them .
The requirement for heftier vegetable servings was dropped from the “ Healthy Schools ” bill after D.C. school officials asserted they did not want to spend precious resources on food that would only end up being thrown away .
“ We heard from many that if schools are serving mushy , flavorless green beans that students are simply throwing away , that doubling the portion size would simply double the amount of mushy , flavorless green beans that are thrown away , ” said an aide to Councilmember Mary Cheh ( D - Ward 3 ) , author of the bill .
“ Instead , many have said that we should focus our energy and money first on improving the quality of the foods being served before we consider mandating an increase in portion sizes . ”
Advocates of farm to school programs here and across the country contend that schools can serve meals that are more healthful and appealing by using more locally grown produce .
But vegetables traditionally are a hard sell in school cafeterias .
The foods most favored by children are pizza , all forms of potatoes , and corn , in that order .
As I found while spending a week in the kitchen of my daughter ’s elementary school here in the District , vegetables typically are cooked to death and rejected by kids .
A 1996 nationwide survey of school food service managers by the U.S. General Accounting Office revealed that 42 percent of cooked vegetables — and 30 percent of raw vegetables and salad — ended up in the trash .
The move to eliminate additional vegetables from “ Healthy Schools ” legislation suggests that mandating better school meals may not work without funding improvements to school kitchens .
In fact , the trend in school food service for years has been in just the opposite direction — to reduce labor costs , which represent half of food service costs , by hiring less skilled kitchen workers who do not work enough hours to qualify for benefits .
Frequently , school kitchens are staffed by “ warmer - uppers ” whose sole skill is being able to re-heat foods that have been pre-cooked in distant factories and shipped frozen .
Sensitive perishables such as vegetables suffer as a result .
“ If we ’re going to win Michele Obama ’s war on obesity and if her ‘ Let ’s Move ’ campaign is going to be successful , then we need to ensure healthy delicious food .
We need funds to pay for cooking kitchens , to train staff , and to market to kids to eat the food , ” said Ann Cooper , noted school food activist and director of nutrition for schools in Boulder , Colorado .
“ That seems like nonsense about kids not eating the veggies … of course they wo n’t if it looks and tastes like cardboard , ” said Debra Eschmeyer , director of the National Farm to School Network .
“ Kids will eat fresh tasty veggies if they have a chance to access them and learn about them .
I did n’t believe it until I saw it with my own eyes hundreds of times .
Kids will eat chard , broccoli , beets , etc. and love it when they have a chance to grow it and have a real learning experience . ”
The IOM report suggested there might be funds for school kitchen upgrades in the “ Know Your Farmer , Know Your Food ” [ PDF ] program instituted last year by USDA Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan .
Merrigan has said that nearly $ 1 billion in federal grant funds used in the past for building rural fire stations , hospitals and community centers could be allocated to food - related projects , such as building storage facilities for locally grown produce , food markets and school kitchens .
But schools would need to apply for the money .
In a separate development yesterday , legislation making its way through the U.S. Senate would provide an additional 6 cents per school meal — something less than $ 500 million more annually — but that money would be contingent on federally - subsidized meal programs adopting the IOM standards .
The School Nutrition Association , representing food service directors across the country , has asked for a minimum increase of 35 cents per meal .
But others , such as Cooper , say anything less than $ 1 a day for each child in the program falls short of what is actually needed .
Still , the retooled “ Healthy Schools ” legislation sets forth substantial increases in local financial support for school meals , some of which could be used to purchase more vegetables and other healthful ingredients .
The bill would provide an additional 10 cents for each breakfast served in D.C. public schools and 10 cents for each lunch , plus a bonus of 5 cents for lunches that include local produce .
In addition , the District would fund 50 cents for students who qualify for reduced - price breakfast and lunch , meaning those students would not have to pay for their meals at all .
The bill also provides for construction of a local “ super kitchen ” where city schools could store and process local produce .
The kitchen could also house a greenhouse , bakery , or other features and provide a culinary training center .
Significantly , the “ Healthy Schools ” bill still does not identify funding to pay for the improvements it outlines , but Cheh has vowed to find it .
Matiu Rota is used to being judged .
With full facial tattoos and gang - like insignia , he 's fully aware that some people find him intimidating .
However , look more closely at both the tattoos and the badges on his vest and you 'll see that the gang Mr Rota aligns himself with is Christianity .
" My face will always be intimidating to people , " he said .
" But the thing is , God looks at the heart , and it's a challenge to others , especially to Christians , to stop judging people by what they look like on the outside . "
Mr Rota is the founding member of Nelson - based Christian group the Peacemakers .
He says it aims to reach out to others like himself , who might have gang backgrounds and have been in trouble with the law , and who want to live a Christian life but have not been able to do so via churches because they have been either judged or rejected by them .
" Basically , we are about building relationships and friendships with people , spending time with people .
We are basically out where the churches are n't , dealing with people who 've come from where we 've come from .
" Christianity to us is not about going to a building . "
Mr Rota said the group – which also has a chapter in Motueka and is looking to set up another in Christchurch – held regular prayer meetings and Bible study groups , and members kept in touch through holding regular barbecues and visiting each other .
It was about accepting others no matter what they looked like or had done , he said .
" We 've all made mistakes , and we want to put that past behind us and be better people . "
Mr Rota would not say how many members the group had , but said it was " growing all the time " .
He understood that members might falter along the way , but the group would be there for them .
He had discovered Jesus 20 years ago , but it had n't been easy , and he had " a lot to be set free of " .
" I 've been back to jail a couple times – that was part of the process .
I 'm free now . "
Mr Rota said he knew that some people might be sceptical of his group .
" Everyone is always waiting to sling mud , no matter what you do . "
An additional title update for Resident Evil Resistance is available now , bringing new updates to the asymmetrical co-op survival horror game set in the Resident Evil universe !
Since the game launched earlier this year , there ’s been lots of free content added .
You can now play as Jill Valentine , take direct control of the relentless pursuer Nemesis , explore multiple additional maps , and further customize both the Survivors as well as the Masterminds ’ zombies and other creatures with costumes and gestures .
Catch up on all the available content plus details on the latest update below !
Additional Friends and Foes
Jill Valentine was able to escape the remains of Raccoon City , but can she escape a series of twisted experiments ?
Jill joined the ranks of the Survivors shortly after the game launched earlier this year , bringing her training and skills as part of Raccoon City ’s Special Tactics and Rescue Service ( S.T.A.R.S. ) with her .
With access to an arsenal of powerful weapons and the ability to quickly dodge enemy attacks , Jill joins the ranks of the Survivors as they attempt to escape sadistic experiments run by the Masterminds .
The selection of Masterminds expanded as well , adding a familiar face to the roster : Resident Evil 3 ’s own Nicholai .
A master of weaponry in his own right , Nicholai brings powerful firearms to bear against the Survivors , matched only by his ability to take control of the ultimate bioweapon : Nemesis .
Marking the first time Nemesis has been playable in a Resident Evil game , you ’ll be able to crush the Survivors with powerful blows and unleash a rocket launcher to ensure they stay down for the count .
City Tour
Take a tour of the many different maps that are available !
The Downtown , Abandoned Park , Casino , and Research Facility maps that were all available at launch still offer plenty of tricks , traps , and surprises in the hands of the right Mastermind , while three other maps have been added since to keep the Survivors on their toes .
The Prison map drops Survivors into the creepy corridors of an old penitentiary , providing a mix of cramped corridors and open prison cells .
It ’s perfect for a clever Mastermind to drop a few zombies in behind bars or around corners to keep the Survivors ’ heart rates up … and their chances of survival down .
Meanwhile , two maps received remixed versions , keeping some familiar sights while changing the layout to raise the stakes for both Survivors and Masterminds alike .
Re-visit the streets and buildings of Raccoon City with the Uptown map , and enjoy a spook - tacular time at the Bemusement Park .
No ticket required , but you may have a hard time getting out once you ’ve arrived at this perilous park .
Master of Customizing
Variety is the spice of life , as they say , and Survivors have quite an array of skills to choose from alongside customization options that allow them to personalize their abilities even further , with even more options added via updates since the game ’s launch .
Plus , additional gear has been added , giving the Survivors extra perks to help them overcome each nightmarish trial .
Not to be outdone , Masterminds have also received new cards to play , allowing them to place their own modified traps and creatures to thwart the Survivors ’ escape attempts .
That ’s not counting all the other ways you can mix things up as you play , with a multitude of bonus costumes , weapon skins , environmental sprays , and even gestures for Survivors and Masterminds alike .
Survivors can get physical with luchador costumes or take a walk on the wild side with animal costumes , while Masterminds can add a little flair to their shambling army with unique zombie skins .
There are few things scarier than an undead clown leaping out from the shadows .
The Last Escape , For Now
With today ’s update being the last planned update for Resident Evil Resistance for now , there ’s lots of additional items to look forward to this time around .
Today ’s update includes two weapon types for Survivors and new skill cards , as well as a new creature you may recognize from Resident Evil 3 , the NE -α .
It also includes specific cards based on Mastermind personality types that can only be used in certain areas .
Also included are 35 Survivor skin color variations , 10 creature variations , and much more .
Each character ’s rank has also been upped from 20 to 25 , and the Mastermind ’s rank cap has been adjusted to unlock all skill cards at 20 .
Please check the official website for details .
That wraps up content updates for Resident Evil Resistance for now , but the development team will continue to keep an eye out for any issues .
A balance update is also in the works , to be released in the next few days .
We hope you continue to play and enjoy duking it out as both Survivors and Masterminds !
Resident Evil Resistance is included with Resident Evil 3 , available now on PlayStation 4 , Xbox One , and PC !
For all the latest Resident Evil news , be sure to follow Resident Evil on Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram .
In this post , I will talk about a few ideas I have run across regarding maintaining phosphorus and potassium levels in the soil .
I would like to hear what approaches you have been using .
One way of maintaining fertility is not to remove plant residues in the first place , unless absolutely necessary .
This study talks the importance of leaving wheat crop residues in order to maintain phosphorous levels .
Burning biomass residues for heat or electricity or converting biomass to biofuels seems like a step in the wrong direction .
Most forage crops remove between 15 and 20 pounds of phosphate per ton of hay equivalent and between 45 and 60 pounds of potash per ton of hay equivalent .
How do we maintain phosphorous and potassium fertility , as rock - based supplements become in shorter supply , and fossil fuels for mining and transportation become less available ?
A Penn State University website says :
According to the same Penn State website , manure is an excellent source of phosphorous and potassium .
However , some plants may not need the nitrogen it supplies , and in fact , adding nitrogen to legumes " can greatly increase the competition from grass and weeds " , according to the same website .
From Penn State website .
Clearly , if animal manure works , humanure would work also .
According to this Energy Bulletin post , humanure is composed of 6 % nitrogen , 4 % phosphorus and 2 % potassium .
Besides animal manures , there are various kinds of green manures .
One I have come across recently is nitrogen fixing trees ( NFT ) which are trimmed , and the trimmings used as a green mulch .
These trees seem to also provide phosphorus and potassium .
According to Nitrogen Fixing Tree Start Up Guide :
In farm systems using NFTs , it is estimated that 100 - 1000 lbs. of nitrogen per acre ( 50 - 400 kg per hectare ) are accumulated every year by the NFTs , depending on species , soil , and climate , Rhizobium efficiency , and management .
Incorporating nitrogen fixing trees in certain kinds of farm systems can enable the farmer to grow almost all of the nitrogen fertility necessary for crop production right on - site .
Fertility provided by nitrogen fixing plants can promote healthy plants and soil life naturally .
One study in Hawaii , for example , found that by using 15 % of the land for NFTs , approximately 10 tons of mulch could be produced per acre per year , containing 185 lb nitrogen , 11 lb phosphorous and 72 lb potassium .
There seem to be quite a number of nitrogen fixing trees for various climates , including red alders , mimosas , and many others .
Besides being used as a green mulch , NFT can be mixed in forest gardens to maintain soil fertility .
This organic gardening publication of the extension service of West Virginia University provides the following list of sources of phosphorus and potassium :
Phosphorus Sources include manure , bone meal , fish and poultry meal , and rock phosphate .
Potassium Sources include manure , alfalfa meal , kelp meal , greensand , wood ash , potassium sulfate , and granite dust .
Some of these will be more available long - term than others .
The ones that need to be mined and transferred long distances would seem to be particularly at risk of disruption .
I found one letter to the editor at Scientific American ( October 2009 ) intriguing .
It is by Norman T Uphoff , Cornell University .
It talks about the use of phosphobacteria for maintaining soil fertility .
It says :
David A. Vaccari’s “ Phosphorus : A Looming Crisis ” usefully called attention to the critical role of phosphorus as a plant and crop nutrient and to possible future scarcities and constraints .
But his focus on it as a fertilizer neglected its abundance in most soils .
There is usually 10 , 20 , sometimes even 30 times more phosphorus in the soil than the amount in “ available ” forms that plants can readily utilize .
The large amount of unavailable phosphorus is continuously , though relatively slowly , converted into available forms through the activity of soil microorganisms , many of which are known as phosphobacteria .
Without these microorganisms , plants could not have been growing in the earth ’s soils for more than 400 million years .
Ironically , the use of inorganic fertilizers can suppress roots ’ and microorganisms ’ production of the phosphatase enzymes that are essential for making phosphorus available for plant use .
This inhibition is similar to the way that adding inorganic nitrogen to the soil diminishes the production of nitrogenase by plants and microorganisms to sustain their fixation of atmospheric nitrogen , which becomes available for plant nutrition .
. .
I notice when I Google phosphobacteria , there are a number of websites that come up , selling such bacteria , such as this one .
They seem to be mostly in India .
Questions /
1 . What approaches are you using for maintaining phosphorus and potassium levels ?
2 . How scalable are the approaches you are using ?
Could they substitute for the current rock - based fertilizers ?
3 . How do you deal with the issue of too many of some nutrients in manure -- for example , for sweet potatoes , when you do n't want the tops to grow too much , and for legumes , when you do n't want to encourage the weeds ?
4 . Have you tried using nitrogen fixing trees ?
How about phosphobacteria ?
Is there an expert on either of these subjects that would be interested in writing a post ?
5 . Are you using humanure in your fertilization program ?
6 . Are there approaches I have missed ?
Fight global warming , get $ 1,100 a year
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A new proposal to curb global warming could jump start stalled Senate greenhouse gas discussions and put an average of $ 1,100 a year back into the pockets of American consumers .
Known as cap - and - dividend , the recently introduced bill would require oil , coal , and natural gas companies to buy permits each month to sell their fuel .
Three quarters of the proceeds would be returned to the public each month in the form of a dividend check , with the remaining money going towards renewable energy , conservation or assistance programs .
By driving up the cost of fossil fuel and making renewables more competitive , supporters say the plan will result in the same emission reductions as the current cap - and - trade bills before Congress .
But they say it will be much more simple to operate .
" The act provides businesses and investors with a simple , predictable mechanism that will open the way to clean energy expansion while achieving America 's goals of reducing carbon emissions , " Sen. Maria Cantwell , D - Wash . , said in a statement announcing the bill earlier this month .
But critics fear the bill may stifle innovation .
By limiting Wall Street 's role in the trading of carbon credits they fear new technologies will die on the vine , missing out on needed capital from the investment community .
Currently , the most talked about method of reducing greenhouse gases is through a cap - and - trade plan .
Under it , power producers and other large emitters of carbon dioxide would be required to obtain permits each year from the government .
Those permits would decline in number annually - hence the cap .
The industries could either pay to clean up their operations , or buy the permits from one another - hence the trade .
A version of this plan has passed the House , and one has been introduced in the Senate as well .
It 's a complicated system that critics say is too compromised .
To woo votes , sweeteners were thrown in for just about everyone : Farmers are allowed to make money selling carbon offsets , the coal industry was cut a break , Wall Street is allowed in on the trading .
The main difference between cap - and - trade and the new cap - and - dividend idea is the cap - and - dividend cuts out the trade part , and with it the Wall Street traders .
While consumers will see their gas or electricity prices rise , supporters say cutting out Wall Street will prevent speculators from driving up the cost of carbon credits just to make a buck , and ultimately save consumers money .
A staffer for the bill 's other sponsor , Sen. Susan Collins , R - Maine , said that after receiving some $ 1,100 in rebate checks each year and paying higher gas and electric prices , the average Maine consumer would come out $ 102 ahead .
While savings or costs for cap - and - dividend will vary from state to state , the Congressional Budget Office estimates a cap - and - trade plan would cost consumers $ 175 a year on average nationwide .
Roughly 80 % of the population would end up either breaking even or making money under cap - and - dividend , said the staffer .
The remaining 20 % , generally wealthier people who use more energy in things like multiple dwellings and air travel , would lose money .
" Climate change legislation must protect consumers and industries that could be hit with higher energy prices , " Collins said in a statement .
The Democrats in the Senate are having a rough time mustering enough support to pass the bill even within their own party .
Many Senators fear the legislation will be too costly for their constituents .
Getting the Senate to pass a bill , and ultimately have the United States enact mandatory cuts in greenhouse gases is seen as essential in securing a new worldwide global warming treaty .
What about Wall Street ?
But cutting out Wall Street may have its downsides .
Allowing trading in carbon credits enables businesses to monetize those credits , in effect creating wealth , Kevin Book , a managing director at ClearView Energy Partners , a Washington , D.C. - based firm that tracks political developments in the energy sector , said in an analysis of the bill .
[ Cap - and - dividend ] would transfer wealth within the economy , whereas [ cap - and - trade ] would inject $ 1 trillion of wealth into the economy , " said Book .
And unlike simply giving the money to consumers , cap - and - trade directs much of the money to agriculture and industry - constituents
Book believes are essential if any global warming bill is to pass Congress .
" Passage of a cap - and - trade bill with industrial stimulus overtones remains more likely than a carbon tax of any kind , " said Book .
And despite widespread public mistrust of Wall Street trading , especially when it comes to energy prices , there are still those that believe having the most players in the market is the best way to ensure greenhouse gases are cut for the cheapest price possible .
Allowing trading in carbon credits will let more capital flow towards this sector , said Paul Smith , chief risk officer at Mobius Risk Group , a firm that advises energy producers and big energy consumers .
More capital means more creative ways to cut greenhouse gases may emerge .
" You really need to let it be a free market , " said Smith .
" If the number of participants is limited , innovation is going to be limited as well . "
From the ZuriHac hackathon , I am happy to announce the first release of the regular - web package [ 1 ] .
The package contains functions for generic web programming : generating HTML , JSON and Formlets .
It is based on the regular generic programming library [ 2 ] .
Generic HTML and forms are often not sufficient for real purposes , so we encourage the use of regular - web in combination with the fclabels package [ 3 ] .
There is an example in the documentation of the Formlets module .
Furthermore , there is a slightly larger example [ 4 ] on github that shows off some more features of the package .
This is a preliminary release and the API will probably change .
I am interested to see what other people think of this .
So please send me your comments or fork the project on github . [ 1 ] :
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/regular-web [ 2 ] : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/regular [ 3 ] : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/fclabels [ 4 ] :
http://github.com/chriseidhof/regular-web/blob/master/Example.lhs
_______________________________________________
Haskell - Cafe mailing list Haskell-Cafe@haskell.org
http://www.haskell.org/mailman/listinfo/haskell-cafe
A couple interesting pieces of news to emerge as the Prop 8 trial approaches on Monday .
A defendant in the Prop 8 case wants out :
" Hak - Shing William Tam was one of the five official sponsors of Proposition 8 who formally ' intervened ' in a federal lawsuit challenging the voter - approved ban .
The lawsuit officially names the state as the defendant , but Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Attorney General Jerry Brown have refused to defend the voter - approved ban .
On Friday , Tam told U.S. District Court Judge Vaughn
Walker that he fears for his and his family 's safety .
In his court filing , Tam 's lawyers say the trial will bring him unwanted publicity and expose him to retribution from gay marriage supporters .
Tam also says the case has been more time - consuming and more intrusive into his personal life than expected . "
And the National Organization for Marriage 's ( NOM ) Brian Brown sent out a fundraising letter on Friday with this nugget regarding the upcoming trial :
" We do not expect to win at the trial level , but with God ’s help , at least five members of the current Supreme Court will have the courage to defend our Constitution from this grave attack . "
Brown says NOM will be filing an amicus brief in the case , adding :
" But there ’s a topline message here about this trial even many informed voters do n’t yet realized :
It ’s not about California , it ’s about the whole country .
Gay - marriage advocates are in federal court arguing for a federal constitutional right to gay marriage that would trump not only Prop 8 , but the laws of 45 other states , including the 30 other states where the people have passed state constitutional marriage amendments .
That ’s right , the Constitution drafted by our Founding Fathers contains a right to gay marriage –in their twisted view .
This is judicial activism on steroids , and a flagrant disrespect for civility , common sense , and democracy . "
More from Karen Ocamb at LGBT POV .
The hugs were out of control at
.
Students could not pass each other in the hallway without a hug , the principal said .
The girls were hugging one another all the time .
Kids were late to class because of the hugs .
Classes would end , middle schoolers would eye a classmate at the other end of the hallway , " they 'd scream , run down the hallway and jump in each other 's arms , " Principal Allison Couch said .
It was , Couch said , a virus of hugs .
So the principal banned hugs on the school campus in late February .
The campus of nearly 600 seventh - and eighth - graders joined a growing list of schools nationwide that have halted hugs as well as other behaviors deemed detrimental to teaching and learning .
Couch said she was prompted to act in part because of a school bus incident that drew police .
Though she would not describe what happened , she said no students had been harmed .
Also , it appeared to her that some students were hugging others who did not want the sign of affection .
In a March 10 memo written to other school district officials , Couch wrote , " Several parents have called because their child is being hugged , and because there is a ' culture of hugging ' here they did n't feel that they could say no . "
In at least one case , hugging was used as a form of mockery -- when two eighth - grade girls hugged a seventh - grade boy , she said .
" ' They did that to be mean , ' " Couch said the boy told her later .
" ' They do n't like me .
They did that to be mean . ' "
Also , parents reported that girls were using hugging as a game to see how fast boys could become aroused , Couch said , adding , " I was seeing evidence of it . "
The policy may sound unreasonable to someone outside the school , she said , but if someone filed a lawsuit because of unwanted touching , a bigger news story would have resulted .
Schools can't look the other way with disruptive behavior , said Jollee Patterson ,
general counsel .
" It 's the responsibility of the school district , when there are concerns among students , staff or parents , to respond with appropriate rules around conduct , " Patterson said , " and that 's what we did with this case . "
The West Sylvan PTA is backing Couch , PTA board member Lee Rumaner said .
But several parents in the school about a mile west of the Portland Children 's Museum in Southwest Portland have voiced objections to the policy in blogs and e-mails , he said .
" They have a very strong passion about what they 're saying , " Rumaner said , " but maybe they do n't have the full message she 's trying to give . "
In Rumaner 's view , Couch is doing her job :
She saw something that she perceived was interfering with students ' education , and she stopped it .
" A principal 's role is not to be the best friend in school , " Rumaner said , adding that his seventh - grade son views the no-hug policy as ridiculous .
West Sylvan has plenty of company nationwide among schools that have banned hugging or limited the duration of hugs .
Each of these towns has a school that has taken action : Oak Park , Ill . ; Prattville , Ala. ; Mascoutah , Ill. ; Mesa , Ariz . ; Vienna , Va. ; Milford , Conn. ; Hillsdale , N.J. ; and Fort Worth , Texas .
In 2005 , Sky View Middle School in Bend took action , and so has a school in South Australia , across the Pacific .
In fact , a Google search of " school bans " reinforces the impression that the seemingly carefree school days of yore are not anything like today 's experience .
The Mesquite Independent School District in north Texas banned skinny jeans , a Massachusetts high school banned the word " meep , " a California school district banned the Merriam - Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary because of its " age - inappropriate " words , and several school districts have banned lunchtime games of tag and dodge ball .
Couch , who has been principal at West Sylvan for seven years and a school administer for two decades , can perhaps look forward to the day of hugging normalcy .
But in the meantime , she concluded her memo to school colleagues by saying she 'd treated the hugging in schools like a computer with a virus .
" If any of you have any ideas about how to reboot so that we can come back to it appropriately , I would sure love to hear from you . "
--
Affiliate marketing is something for all intents and purposes each site proprietor ought to have an essential comprehension of in the present computerized world .
Regardless of whether you do n’t by and by using it in your adaptation procedure ; there might be the point at which you need to .
This manual for associate showcasing can get you a few stages nearer to understanding one of the most mainstream types of site adaptation online organizations use today .
Step by step instructions to Start Affiliate Marketing
The means to begin affiliate marketing sound simple on paper :
Apply to the best affiliate marketing programs
Add your exceptional connects to your blog
And hold on to profit .
In the event that you need to figure out how to begin partner advertising , you have to ace the fundamentals .
This guide shows you how to choose a specialty , join the best affiliate marketing programs , make your partner stage , and create money - making advancements .
Here are the five stages of an Affiliate marketing program for beginners .
Discover Your Niche
A specialty is a subset of a bigger market .
For instance , sports are an enormous , general - offer market while soccer is a subset or a specialty of the more extensive games showcase .
Male soccer players between the ages of 5 to 12 are a restricted specialty .
When beginning your affiliate marketing activities , you need to pick a specialty that is little enough so you can without much of a stretch objective your crowd .
It ’s likewise essential that your specialty is huge enough that you can at present profit .
Recognize Affiliate Opportunities for Your Niche
When you ’ve chosen your specialty , it ’s the ideal opportunity for the following stage in how to begin associate advertising : discovering partner systems and projects to join .
You have a few incredible choices from which to pick .
Before choosing projects to join , it ’s imperative to be clear about how you can procure cash through associate advertising .
How Affiliate Marketing Works
The fundamental reason of affiliate marketing is that you approach a specialty group of spectators either through your site or your web - based life channels .
A few organizations need to contact individuals who are in your group of spectators .
These brands and vendors set up their own offshoot advertising projects or join affiliate showcasing systems with the goal that you approach their items and administrations for limited time purposes .
Fabricate Your Affiliate Marketing Platform
Your affiliate stage is the spot or places you intend to post your partner joins for the items and administrations you ’re speaking to .
The most widely recognized approach to do this is through a site , however , you can likewise advance your offshoot interfaces on numerous internet based life systems .
Partner Marketing through Your Website and Making sense affiliate marketing
A site is a key piece of best associate advertising organizations .
Your site is the one affiliate advertising channel that gives you unlimited oversight of your message and brand .
Most partner advertisers utilize their site as the command post for their associate business .
Note that when you post an associate connection on your site , you should unmistakably show a notice before the connection that you may get a commission if peruses click on your partner joins .
Inability to unveil an association with offshoot projects and systems can put you in lawful high temp water .
Offshoot Marketing Without a Website
In the event that you need to realize how to begin offshoot showcasing without a site , it ’s simpler than you might suspect .
Many offshoot advertising amateurs begin by hoarding followings via web - based networking media .
They do this by upgrading their presents for the greatest presentation on their chosen specialty , as often as possible utilizing their essential watchwords or related hash labels in their posts .
You could likewise make a digital book or advanced guide that contains affiliate joins if your associate accomplice enables you to publicize partner joins disconnected .
When your computerized item is made , you can offer it for nothing or for an expense through your web - based life channels .
At last , you can likewise advance affiliate connects through email pamphlets ; once more , gave that your offshoot accomplices permit this .
Only a heads - up , Amazon Associates does not permit any affiliate marketing for dummies that they can’t follow on the web , which means no connections in pamphlets or advanced downloads .
Make Affiliate Content
When your partner showcasing stage is set up , regardless of whether that be a site or through a web - based life following , or both , it ’s an ideal opportunity to begin making bona fide substance that compliments your specialty .
You will install offshoot connects inside your posts , or you may advance associate connections through pictures .
Most associate advertisers utilize both content connections and pictures .
Here ’s a gander at different kinds of the substance you can use to advance partner items and administrations :
Product surveys : Single item audits or round - up posts where you incorporate various viewpoints will , in general , be prominent with peruses and convey high change rates .
Single item audits or round - up posts where you incorporate various viewpoints will , in general , be prominent with peruses and convey high change rates .
Recipes :
If your specialty includes cooking or eating , you can make posts that incorporate offshoot connects to cooking contraptions , cookbooks , fixings , and the sky is the limit from there .
If your specialty includes cooking or eating , you can make posts that incorporate offshoot connects to cooking contraptions , cookbooks , fixings , and the sky is the limit from there .
DIY and how - to guides :
You can make DIY how - to instructional substance and incorporate affiliate connects to items expected to finish the undertaking .
You can make DIY how - to instructional substance and incorporate affiliate connects to items expected to finish the undertaking .
Giveaways and limits :
Some associate accomplices give giveaways , limits , and different reserve funds bargain for you to advance in your substance .
Make sure to search for these when investigating accomplices .
Some associate accomplices give giveaways , limits , and different reserve funds bargain for you to advance in your substance .
Make sure to search for these when investigating accomplices .
Fashion and style posts :
If your specialty is excellence or design , discussing hot patterns and connecting to related items is a shrewd method to acquire affiliate commissions .
Advertising Your Affiliate Offers
We ’ve just talked about that you can begin offshoot showcasing as a novice with either a site , through internet - based life or advanced downloads and email bulletins .
Most subsidiary advertisers utilize a bunch of ways to deal with advance their members .
Here are a couple of more ways you can advertise your affiliate offers :
Email advertising :
You can begin a free email account with Mail chimp , Drip , or another email showcasing administration and assemble email addresses on your site or social channels .
At that point , use email advertising to send useful member substance and advancements to supporters .
You can begin a free email account with Mail chimp , Drip , or another email showcasing administration and assemble email addresses on your site or social channels .
At that point , use email advertising to send useful member substance and advancements to supporters .
Video advertising : Does your theme or substance show well in the video ?
Consider making recordings to advance offshoot items .
Does your theme or substance show well in the video ?
Consider making recordings to advance offshoot items .
Podcasting : Podcasts are a straightforward method to add sight and sound measurements to your site .
You can advance subsidiary items or administrations with your audience members .
Podcasts are a straightforward method to add sight and sound measurements to your site .
You can advance subsidiary items or administrations with your audience members .
Mobile application : Some specialty points function admirably in portable application design , for example , coupon and arrangement locales .
In the event that your substance with subsidiary connections is something peruse may require in a hurry , you can utilize versatile advertising to advance items .
Some specialty points function admirably in portable application design , for example , coupon and arrangement locales .
In the event that your substance with subsidiary connections is something peruse may require in a hurry , you can utilize versatile advertising to advance items .
SEO for natural pursuit : Search motor streamlining ( SEO ) is an advertising strategy in its own right .
Great SEO causes you to get increasingly applicable traffic to your site , which thus encourages you to get more cash - flow .
You might need to utilize an SEO module , and a prominent one is Yoast SEO .
Search motor streamlining ( SEO ) is an advertising strategy in its own right .
Great SEO causes you to get increasingly applicable traffic to your site , which thus encourages you to get more cash - flow .
You might need to utilize an SEO module , and a prominent one is Yoast SEO .
Blogging
Solo Ads
build a funnel – you should also build a funnel to build your email list , i highly recommend clickfunnels which is a really powerful software to build a list and make money with it , you can read this Clickfunnels review and learn about Clickfunnels price , you can also check funnel hacks and funnel buiilder secerts for the best clickfunnels discount
The list down of techniques you can utilize to manufacture your customers is boundless ; however , email advertising ought to be at the top .
Email marketing is a reliable technique to manufacture steadfastness and trust with imminent customers .
Sounds truly great when you ’re beginning a guiding relationship , no ?
The Best Affiliate Marketing Tools for making sense affiliate marketing
Ever Flow
Ever Flow is likely a standout amongst other partner advertising devices .
It gives you a constant partner examination .
With Ever stream , you have extortion assurance crosswise over snaps , impressions , changes , and post - transformation exercises .
Their Flow X change highlight gives you full control through a standard motor and furthermore computerizes your crusade .
Link Trust
Link Trust is known for its extraordinary client support .
Their subsidiary advertising instrument is adjustable .
This gives you access to the payouts , content , and furthermore examination from advertisements , gadgets , items , and even offers .
Their adjustable interface enables you to follow a wide range of promotions through pixels , server posts , treats , portable traffic , and then some .
Off - track
The extraordinary thing about Off - track is that it ’s the main instrument in the market that gives boundless snaps to every one of its bundles .
Nowadays they are notwithstanding offering completely stacked administration for 3 months exactly at $ 1 to the new endorsers .
Hit Path
Hit Path is a multichannel following stage .
Their interface is straightforward and easy to understand .
The most profitable highlights incorporate a crossbar battle quickening agent , continuous following , and member the executives .
Hit Path is adaptable and adjustable as well .
They are known for being adaptable to client requests .
Impact Radius
The impact was on Inc. ’s 2018 rundown of 5000 of America ’s Fastest Growing Private Companies .
Span is Impact ’s partner promoting instrument .
It gives you worldwide access to offshoots and gives you a chance to oversee influencers and conventional partners on a solitary stage .
How to Build a Sales Funnel Fast
You ’re stirred presently , is n’t that so ?
You need to make a business channel now and quick .
Try not to stress .
It ’s not as troublesome as it may appear .
( Clickfunnels is a really powerful software for building sales funnels , if you want to learn more , you can read this Clickfunnels review and learn about Clickfunnels price , you can also check funnel hacks and funnel builder secrets for the best clickfunnels discount )
Stage 1 : Analyze Your Audience ’s Behavior
The more you think about your group of spectators , the more compelling your business channel progresses toward becoming .
You ’re not promoting to everyone .
You ’re showcasing to individuals who are a solid match for what you sell .
Pursue a Crazy Egg record and begin making Snapshots .
These clients conduct reports to help you screen site movement and make sense of how individuals connect with your site .
Stage 2 : Capture Your Audience ’s Attention
The main way your business pipe works is in the event that you can bait individuals into it .
This implies placing your substance before your intended interest group .
Take the natural course and post huge amounts of the substance over the majority of your foundation .
Differentiate with information designs , recordings , and different kinds of substance .
In case you ’re willing to spend more money , run a couple of advertisements .
The perfect spot to run those promotions relies upon where your intended interest group hangs out .
In case you ’re selling B2B , Linked In promotions may be the ideal arrangement .
Stage 3 : Build a Landing Page
Your advertisement or other substance needs to take your prospects in someplace .
In a perfect world , you need to guide them to a greeting page with a can ’t - miss offer .
Since these individuals are still low in the business pipe , center around catching leads as opposed to pushing the deal .
Stage 4 : Create an Email Drip Campaign
Do as such consistently , yet not very as often as possible .
A couple of messages for every week should do the trick .
Develop to the deal by instructing your market first .
What would they like to learn ?
What impediments and complaints do you have to defeat to persuade them to purchase ?
Toward the part of the bargain battle , make a fantastic offer .
That is the bit of substance that will rouse your prompts demonstration .
Stage 5 : Keep in Touch
Remember about your current clients .
Rather , keep contacting them .
Say thanks to them for their buys , offer extra coupon codes , and include them in your internet based life circle .
Top Ways to Drive Traffic
Utilize Great Images
The principal thing individuals see on most online life systems is a picture .
It needs to snatch them .
On the off chance that it does n’t , at that point the remainder of your substance can be absolutely phenomenal ; however , it wo n’t have a smidgen of effect as they ’ll never take a gander at it .
Compose Great Headlines
This is the second means of attracting individuals to your site .
After they ’ve seen your picture , they ’re going to take a gander at your feature .
Once more , this needs to shake .
In the event that it does n’t , you have a similar issue as when your picture did n’t shake .
Luckily , in case you ’re not unreasonably acquainted with the feature composting process , there is a great deal of assistance out there .
Make a Free Digital Product
With this I mean , make something like an eBook , a digital recording , or a free exercise that is explicitly focused on your group of spectators and after that offer it up on your web - based life stages .
Focus on the Right Social Media
Without a doubt , Facebook may have the most devotees ; however , that does not naturally make it the best internet based life stage for you to target .
Rather , verify that you ’re on the correct web - based social networking stages .
Post Your Content on Social Media
With this , I do n’t simply mean connections .
That is a conspicuous easy decision that I ideally do n’t need to disclose to you .
Rather , post content legitimately via web - based networking media .
Use Facebook Groups
Gatherings are incredible approaches to unite likeminded individuals who are keen on something identified with your item .
Also , not at all like the network you expand via web - based networking media , you claim the messages on your email showcasing list .
You are n’t helpless before Facebook or Instagram .
Continually changing online networking calculations make a commitment over every social channel problematic .
Truth be told , it ’s dangerous if your showcasing system depends entirely on Facebook reach or Instagram likes .
With email advertising , no adjustment in calculation will lessen your deceivability to forthcoming customers .
All the more critically , your message is n’t simply one more post or update on their feed .
You show up legitimately in their inbox well that is closeness .
Here ’s the reason email marketing is a demonstrated showcasing technique .
Your resource is your group of spectators
Email marketing reliably has a high transformation rate .
You can ceaselessly adapt by means of your email list
Prospective customers need the worth you give
You can share more than 1 item or administration at once
It ’s an incredible method to direct people to your website individuals need to realize you have that new blog entry up !
You can interface with your planned customers on an increasingly close to home level and show them you are applicable to their needs
Here are 4 Steps to Build Your Email List
Get An Email Marketing Service
Mail Chimp , Constant Contact , A Weber , and Infusion software instances of online administrations that store your contacts .
As a little something extra , a considerable lot of these administrations are allowed to begin .
Utilizing an email advertising administration gives you a chance to send a solitary email to an enormous number of beneficiaries , in addition to it guarantees your email is conveyed to the proposed beneficiary .
Coordinate Your Email Sign Up With Your Website or Blog
The least demanding approach to develop your email rundown is by gathering messages through your site or blog .
There is an assortment of modules you can use to catch email addresses , however most significant , is to ensure your membership structure is unmistakable and effectively open .
You can utilize a Hello Bar , spring up , or sidebar that catches watchers ’ consideration .
Offer a “ Lead Magnet ” To Increase Sign Ups
A lead magnet is a free premium substance you offer individuals who visit your site in return for their email address .
As a rule , the lead magnet is sent legitimately to their inbox when they enter their email address .
It ’s a hazard - free path for them to get significant substance , so a great many people are eager to select in .
Ceaselessly Provide Useful Content
When you add individuals to your email show , it ’s imperative to keep them there !
To keep endorsers from clicking “ withdraw , ” you need to consistently give valuable , drawing in , imaginative , and accommodating substance .
Consistency is vital , regardless of whether it ’s week by week , every other week , month to month , or quarterly .
Why You Should Build A Funnel
a funnel is the best way to do affiliate marketing , if you want to build one , Clickfunnels is a powerful tool for building funnels , you can read this Clickfunnels review and learn about Clickfunnels price , you can also check funnel hacks and funnel builder secrets for the best clickfunnels special offer to learn more about this tool
Master Ban Index Ban Stats for Battlefield Bad Company 2 Latest 50 of 21,483 Ban(s )
There have been 1 ban(s ) in the past 24 hours .
There have been 6 ban(s ) in the past 30 days .
BanID Type Violation GUID Alias IP Server Date 425182 EB
MULTIHACK #70805 9c5309bd Mesttrall 176.59 .*.* =( eGO ) = Sep 30 , 2020 10:12 pm 425175 EB
MULTIHACK #70805 18108e4a Wintendows 94.227 .*.* =]
RC[= Sep 26 , 2020 8:12 am 425173 EB
MULTIHACK #70805 acab1c65 omarXarmy 185.106 .*.*
* WBKS * Sep 25 , 2020 2:36 pm 425162 MD5 MD5 TOOL #9002 a130c8c2 Azar1 K 176.106 .*.* =]
RC[= Sep 22 , 2020 5:17 pm 425161 EB
MULTIHACK #70805 7e056764 ShortyBox63 46.0 .*.* [ = RhRA= ]
Sep 22 , 2020 2:24 am 425125 EB
MULTIHACK #71571 f3f55c94 Wild|Warrior 95.104 .*.* < ParaEXE > Sep 04 , 2020 4:57 pm 425108 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 7b2e02e9 Baleine - USEE 77.194 .*.*
* WBKS * Aug 27 , 2020 12:11 pm 425107 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 ae0 be9a1 trashno 188.86 .*.* =] RC[= Aug 26 , 2020 3:09 pm 425106 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 2d8215c9 Amakoro .
118.156 .*.*
* WBKS * Aug 26 , 2020 11:14 am 425105 EB GAME HACK # 81674 ccaafae9 ZeroDollars 108.24 .*.*
* WBKS * Aug 25 , 2020 10:30 pm 425101 EB
MULTIHACK #71547 92f93cef mnd94 188.70 .*.*
* WBKS * Aug 25 , 2020 4:24 am 425096 EB
MULTIHACK #71211 18718329 kobra38 176.48 .*.* =]
RC[= Aug 20 , 2020 12:28 pm 425094 EB
MULTIHACK #71547 547bde70 FClakt 24.139 .*.* =( eGO ) = Aug 19 , 2020 5:32 pm 425091 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 cf1d143a TPG74 144.132.*.* =( eGO ) = Aug 19 , 2020 3:14 am 425089 EB MULTIHACK #71548 70cd745a Sel1997 186.6 .*.* =( eGO ) = Aug 18 , 2020 8:00 am 425084 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 d9097135 le vengeur 90.22 .*.*
* WBKS * Aug 15 , 2020 3:16 pm 425070 EB
MULTIHACK #70805 4a504bd5 BraveToast 196.25 .*.* [ = RhRA= ]
Aug 05 , 2020 12:33 pm 425045 EB
MULTIHACK #71211 5f331b0e KARABKOL 80.234 .*.* =] RC[= Jul 21 , 2020 3:41 pm 425020 EB
MULTIHACK #71547 dd89c5e1 Baek Minhyun 42.119 .*.* =]
RC[= Jul 05 , 2020 8:18 am 425010 EB MULTIHACK #70805 aec26909 MAKARASIK 92.124.*.* [ = RhRA= ]
Jul 01 , 2020 9:02 am 425000 EB MULTIHACK #71548 ac114641 Jacks223 70.71 .*.* =( eGO ) = Jun 24 , 2020 5:34 pm 424986 EB
MULTIHACK #71571 624e4257 m0La 90.119 .*.* =] RC[= Jun 15 , 2020 4:31 pm 424959 EB
GAME HACK #89398 2e2c0471 Lt.EleTe 95.90 .*.* =]
RC[= Jun 08 , 2020 12:02 pm 424921 EB
MULTIHACK #71232 51f780 ba MADMMAXX1 41.200 .*.* =]
RC[= Jun 03 , 2020 2:02 pm 424887 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 9e1a2da7 PEREFLIPAX 5.154 .*.* =] RC[= May 26 , 2020 5:49 pm 424877 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 906454f6 Banki ( HUN ) 46.139 .*.* =] RC[= May 23 , 2020 6:42 pm 424876 EB
MULTIHACK #71560 cd318eed iAmMacBenny 213.66 .*.* =] RC[= May 23 , 2020 2:15 pm 424820 EB
GAME HACK # 80893 17eb063c NEMESIS_KSA
5.110 .*.* =( eGO ) = May 11 , 2020 5:10 pm 424793 EB
MULTIHACK #71211 b6e2bbe2 Cera Mclynn 97.93 .*.* =( eGO ) = May 03 , 2020 11:52 pm 424751 EB
AIMBOT #51172 dc62f749 VooD0082 75.72 .*.* =] RC[= Apr 24 , 2020 8:56 am 424745 EB
MULTIHACK #71547 34db4b29 ALPHA 33 62.4 .*.* =] RC[= Apr 23 , 2020 5:04 am 424731 EB
MULTIHACK #71548 5c12cc6a Fabi12 79.218 .*.* =] RC[= Apr 21 , 2020 9:09 am 424713 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 f1f16418 Koolpowerkid 62.251.*.* * WBKS * Apr 19 , 2020 9:42 am 424689 EB
WALLHACK #62002 b7e367e3 TaFS 81.22 .*.* =] RC[= Apr 13 , 2020 3:33 pm 424662 EB
GAME HACK # 80812 9392a336 Torak 196.206 .*.*
* WBKS * Apr 04 , 2020 7:14 am 424659 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 e0dd97cf GumbleBarney 91.114 .*.*
* WBKS * Apr 03 , 2020 4:56 pm 424637 EB
MULTIHACK #71571 8479f527 zimbobjan 196.27 .*.*
* WBKS * Mar 31 , 2020 12:37 pm 424636 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 0a201f5 b . [ JackF ] .
86.45 .*.* * WBKS * Mar 31 , 2020 8:21 am 424620 EB
AIMBOT #50461 c7e8e043 Bom - Bomber 73.147 .*.* =( eGO ) = Mar 28 , 2020 10:56 pm 424618 EB
MULTIHACK #71560 e4a320e7 XMAX_DESTROY
94.112.*.*
* WBKS * Mar 28 , 2020 3:51 pm 424617 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 9dbe1fd3 witali01 109.192.*.*
* WBKS * Mar 28 , 2020 1:30 pm 424606 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 c253fe34 jedi fishman 76.89 .*.* =( eGO ) = Mar 26 , 2020 5:33 pm 424579 EB
MULTIHACK #71211 784c6e2d Muqwerti 78.85 .*.*
* WBKS * Mar 23 , 2020 3:09 pm 424572 EB
MULTIHACK #71211 e3e45d6a SuperKuprik 31.207 .*.* =] RC[= Mar 21 , 2020 2:34 pm 424554 EB
MULTIHACK #71547 e52f3151 xXSpider07Xx 177.62 .*.* =( eGO ) = Mar 18 , 2020 8:27 am 424553 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 5a29d054 < ALPINE
45.50 .*.* =( eGO ) = Mar 18 , 2020 2:23 am 424515 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 ef5344fc M-BRU
181.192.*.*
* WBKS * Mar 08 , 2020 1:22 pm 424490 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 15deb706 Yedefra 200.74 .*.* =( eGO ) = Feb 28 , 2020 12:39 pm 424485 EB
MULTIHACK #71547 863e7702 Niemimaa 37.219 .*.* =]
RC[= Feb 26 , 2020 7:50 am 424472 EB
GAME HACK # 81674 6de9920e FantedFisherV2.0 84.50 .*.* =]
RC[= Feb 22 , 2020 10:15 am Approximate Player Locations ( Based on IP Location Data )
You must be logged into the forums to see google map location
Obviously , yes , I was upset yesterday .
I 'm glad that this could bring so much joy to peoples ' hearts , and of course to know that for many people , the happiest part of passing health care reform seems to have been knowing that it made people like me unhappy .
The people wondering why I was so upset should contemplate that first , I think you people just screwed up both our health care system , and our fiscal system ( even further ) , and that if I 'm right , that 's not really funny .
no chance that I 'm right , you need to go read a book like Jonah Leher 's
If you think there is actuallythat I 'm right , you need to go read a book like Jonah Leher 's How We Decide
So now , onto predictions !
Judging by the statistics that have been used to sell this thing , over and over , liberals are expecting big things .
1 ) Ezra Klein is confidently predicting that it will save hundreds of thousands of lives .
2 ) Nick Kristoff expects miraculous improvement in our national life expectancy .
3 ) Michael Moore thinks this will stop people from getting thrown out of their homes in a Medical bankruptcy .
4 ) At least one of you must be willing to claim massive improvements in infant mortality , after you 've cited those statistics to me over and over .
I think we ought to be able to work this into a little prediction test .
My predictions :
1 ) Conservatively , Ezra 's arithmetic implies a reduction in the death rate of people between 18 - 64 of at 20,000 - 45,000 a year .
Let 's take the low bound -- 20,000 deaths a year -- and assume that we should see that , or something close to it , by 2020 .
That 's about 3 % of deaths in the relevant age group , which would show up as a very noticeably kink in the death rate .
For comparison purposes , the entire fall in mortality between 1980 and 2000 was about 2.7 % .
Contra Ezra , I am predicting that this will not happen .
I 'm about 75 % confident that you will not be able to discern any effect from the health care reform among the statistical noise .
But I am 95 + % confident that the effect will not be as large as 3 % .
2 ) I 'm pretty sure that Kristof read the table he was drawing from wrong -- he was looking at life - expectancy at birth , but he interpreted the data as if it was about adults in the 1940s .
Still , age - adjusted mortality fell about 15 % in just 10 years , an achievement that has n't been matched since .
If Kristof is right , and this had more to do with health care access than antibiotics , we should be able to get a similar improvement this time around -- especially since we 're already seeing terrific reductions , with a 10 % decline in age - related mortality just between 2001 - 6 .
Hell , both Ezra 's numbers and Kristoff 's imply that we should be able to knock down the death rate by at least 20 % between 2014 and 2024 , when we add their improvements to the existing trend .
I do not think that there will be a noticeable kink in the trend line around 2014 .
The death rate jumps around quite a lot , so there may be a big drop ( or increase ) in 2014 , neither of which would be meaningful .
By 2025 , however , I 'm skeptical that we 'll see a major inflection in the trend .
3 ) David Himmelstein claims to believe that the majority of all bankruptcies are related to medical issues , and that this is a strong argument for national health care . . . i.e. , he claims to believe that medical bills rather than income loss are the main causal driver here .
That 's the data Michael Moore is citing .
I will make a bold counterclaim : the bankruptcy rate after 2014 will not fall by half .
It wo n't even fall by a quarter .
This is among the easiest effects to measure , as if the people citing these statistics are right , we should see a sharp and immediate reduction in bankruptcy rates in the first year , with the full effects evident by 2018 .
4 ) Infant mortality should be no greater than that of the Netherlands by 2018 .
Again , I predict that this will not happen , and indeed , that infant mortality rates may not fall at all .
5 ) I predict at least one of the major funding sources , and possibly all of them , will be substantively repealed : the Medicare cuts ( except Medicare Advantage ) , the excise tax , and so forth .
6 ) This program will not reduce the rate of growth in medical costs by anything like 1.5 % a year .
7 ) A fiscal crisis of some sort is quite likely by 2030 , though not just because of this program .
But this program will make it worse , either by increasing the deficit directly , or by using up the low - hanging fruit that should have funded Medicare reform .
8 ) By 2030 , there 's an 80 % chance that the government will have imposed substantial price controls on pharma and other medical technology -- and this will noticeably slow the rate of innovation .
I feel like any reasonable proponent of health care reform should be willing to take the other side of most of these bets , without weaseling that this is n't the health care reform that you wanted .
If you are n't confident that we can get at least some of these results , than we should n't have committed to spend $ 200 billion a year . . . and you should n't have deployed these arguments in the run-up to health care .
( Nav Image Credit : Wikimedia Commons )
New Delhi , India ( CNN ) --
A young mechanic turns a motorcycle into a tractor while another one uses bio - waste to run a diesel engine .
One farmer finds a herbal cure for animals hit by a breast infection called mastitis .
And about 5,000 men have been delivering homemade lunches to 200,000 workers for more than a century in what is hailed as a recession - proof service in a financial hub of Mumbai .
India 's databank of grass roots inventors is swelling as the nation officially marks the 2010s as a decade of innovation .
The country 's National Innovation Foundation ( NIF ) has 140,000 entries compared with 10,000 when it was set up by the federal government in 2000 .
But 10 years later , India acknowledges that bringing its innumerable small - scale experiments to the masses remains a challenge in an economy that is attracting businesses worldwide partly because of high - tech capabilities and a growing middle class .
According to the NIF , most geniuses on its roster are school or college dropouts with little means and access to markets .
So far , the group has filed more than 250 requests for patents , but only five have been accepted in the United States , said Anil Gupta , NIF vice chairman .
India 's spending on innovation , he said , is inadequate in contrast to its mammoth annual budget on general education .
High costs at product - testing laboratories discourage ordinary , noncorporate inventors , Gupta said .
In the past decade , Gupta said his group successfully scouted out innovative talent in 545 of India 's 626 districts .
Yet , there has been no change in federal financial support to his organization since its inception , he said .
In general , India 's top policy - makers are worried about utilization of state funds on public programs amid widespread corruption .
Just as India marked its 60th anniversary as a republic last month , President Pratibha Devisingh Patil said corruption was hindering national objectives .
" Quality of research has to be upgraded and institutions and agencies receiving funds must be made fully accountable , " Patil said in November .
However , global financial institutions underscore that India 's productivity has greater disparities than in China , or even Russia and Mexico .
" The output of the ( Indian ) economy could increase more than five - fold if all enterprises could achieve national best practices based on knowledge already used in India , " said World Bank economist Mark Dutz while presenting a report on the south Asian nation 's innovation standings in 2007 , his institution 's latest on the subject .
It recommended that the country promote research and development efforts for its poor and for its massive informal economy in order to put their existing know - how to mass use .
But experts regret that most Indian innovations have not hit domestic markets , let alone international .
" The real value of an innovation comes when the domain of an application is far distant from the domain of its origin , " Gupta said .
" In India , this might still be happening , but at a disappointingly slow pace . "
On Thursday , an institution that promotes small inventions was inundated with telephone calls over the motorcycle - tractor after an article in a local newspaper .
The Gujarat state 's innovations network , GIAN , was unable to advise potential customers how it could enable sale of what is now a patented property .
" There still are so many problems .
There 's a problem about finding an old diesel - engine motorcycle .
A whole lot of paper work involving transfer of a vehicle to another state is simply not easy , " said Mahesh Patel , a chief innovation manager at GIAN .
" Big corporate businesses should come forward and buy these patents . "
Supporters of India 's inventors are struggling for a conducive environment .
" India needs an ecosystem for such innovations .
The sooner , the better , " Gupta said .
WASHINGTON ( AFP ) Ã¢â‚¬â€ œ
Fresh pedophilia cover - up claims hit Pope Benedict XVI late Wednesday as church files suggested he had failed to take action against a US priest accused of molesting up to 200 deaf boys .
The documents obtained by The New York Times include correspondence between the accused priest , who worked at a school for deaf children in the US state of Wisconsin , and the then Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger in 1996 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ratzinger , then part of the Vatican ’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , was alerted to the accusations against Reverend Lawrence C. Murphy in two letters written to him by the Wisconsin archbishop .
But he failed to respond to the letters , and a secret canonical trial authorized by his deputy was halted after Murphy wrote to the future pope begging that the proceedings be stopped , the Times said .
“ I simply want to live out the time that I have left in the dignity of my priesthood , ” Murphy wrote to the future pope , according to files .
“ I ask your kind assistance in this matter . ”
The documents contain no response from Ratzinger , and Murphy died two years later still a priest , the newspaper said .
Murphy worked at the school from 1950 to 1974 , and despite multiple allegations against him was afterwards moved to another diocese where he was allowed to continue working freely with children , the Times reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
The church files are included in four lawsuits against the Archdiocese of Milwaukee , brought by five men whose lawyers handed the long - secret documents to the newspaper over opposition from the Catholic Church .
The latest revelations come amid a wave of scandals over long - running sex abuse involving Catholic clergy in several other countries , including Ireland , Austria , the Netherlands and Switzerland .
The scandals have been inching closer to the pope himself .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a case in his native Germany , the Munich and Freising diocese said recently that while archbishop there in 1980 , Ratzinger approved giving church housing to a priest suspected of child sex abuse while he received “ therapy . ”
The pope on Saturday apologized for child sex abuse carried out by Irish priests in a pastoral letter , but victims there argued it did not go far enough to address the scandal .
ADVERTISEMENT
On Wednesday , an Irish bishop who was private secretary to three popes begged forgiveness from victims of child sex abuse in his diocese , as the Vatican accepted his resignation .
Bishop John Magee , who stepped aside a year ago pending an investigation into abuse claims , said he hoped that the probe ’s findings would help “ towards healing for those who have been abused . ”
The Wisconsin church documents , the Times said , show that three successive archbishops in the state were informed that Murphy was sexually abusing children but the incidents were never reported to authorities , either criminal or civil .
ADVERTISEMENT
Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi told the Times that the cases were “ tragic ” and said Murphy had abused “ particularly vulnerable ” children .
But he also pointed to the late notification of the Vatican in 1996 , and noted that years earlier authorities had investigated and dismissed the case .
Victims of Catholic priests say they are angered not only by the scale of abuse committed by clergy , but also by what they deem a pattern of complicity and complacency by senior Vatican officials .
They say high - ranking church officials failed to take abuse claims seriously and effectively covered up crimes , rather than punishing priests and admitting their abuses .
' Dubai hit squad stole my identity ' : British man 's name used by assassins who executed senior Hamas leader
A British man in Israel with the same name as an alleged member of a hit squad that assassinated a top Hamas militant in Dubai said his identity had been stolen .
Melvyn Adam Mildiner said he was ' angry , upset and scared ' over what he called a misidentification .
He spoke as the Foreign Office confirmed the British passports used in the killing were fraudulent .
The FCO has launched an investigation , it said in a statement .
Scroll down for CCTV of the alleged assassins
That 's not me : Left , the passport photograph used by the alleged assassin pretending to be Briton Melvyn Mildiner .
Right , the photograph used by a woman pretending to be an Irish citizen named Gail Folliard
Last night Dubai police said they were working on the premise that the passports were genuine .
It is not clear if they contacted the Foreign Office to say they believed people carrying British passports were involved in the killing before releasing the information yesterday .
' This is an ongoing Emirati investigation to which we have offered our assistance and support .
We are aware that the holders of six British passports have been named in this case .
We believe the passports used were fraudulent and have begun our own investigation .
We have informed the authorities in the UAE that this is the case , and continue to cooperate closely with the Emiratis on this matter . '
- Foreign Office spokesman
' We are not aware of the process they went through in making the decision to release the information , ' an FCO spokesman said .
He would not comment when asked if the British Government had been contacted by the Dubai police prior to yesterday 's announcement .
Dubai police listed Mr Mildiner as one of six men carrying British passports suspected of being part of an 11 - man hit squad that killed Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in a luxury hotel in the Gulf emirate last month .
But the British national , a resident of a town near Jerusalem , today insisted he had nothing to do with the assassination and had never been to Dubai .
' I woke up this morning to a world of fun , ' he said , after newspapers around the world splashed names and photos of the suspects distributed by Dubai .
' I am obviously angry , upset and scared - any number of things .
And I 'm looking into what I can do to try to sort things out and clear my name , ' he said in a telephone interview .
' I do n't know how this happened or who chose my name or why , but hopefully we 'll find out soon . '
' It 's not me .
Which is one silver lining on this entire story because at least I can point to it and say , ' Look , that 's not me .
It 's not the picture that I have in my passport , and it's not the picture that I have on my face that I walk around with every day ' , ' Mr Mildiner said .
Anatomy of an assassination : Left , at around 8.24 pm on the night of January 20 , victim Mabhouh can be seen stepping off the lift as he arrives back at his room in the Al - Bustan Rotana Hotel .
Right , at around the same time , the woman posing as Gail Folliard , apparently wearing a wig and glasses , pretends to speak on a mobile phone as she stakes out the hallway
Some 20 minutes later , at 8.46 p.m. , the alleged execution team - carrying bags - leave the victim 's hotel room and casually walk out of the hotel , fleeing Dubai within hours .
The murder is believed to have taken place within that 20 minutes
Fugitive : One minute later , at 8.47 p.m. , the woman posing as Folliard also enters the lift with another suspect and leaves the hotel
' I have my passport .
It is in my house , along with the passports of everybody else in my family , and there 's no Dubai stamps in it because I 've never been to Dubai , ' he said .
Acknowledging that his name was uncommon , Mr Mildiner said : ' There 's probably not many of us . '
Mr Mildiner , who made aliya ( the emigration of Jews to Israel ) from London nine years ago , does appear to have a Twitter account , though his tweets are now being protected .
He was however tweeting on the day of the assassination , seeming about IT - related things .
His tweet , sent from a SPB Mobile Shell phone at 2.33 p.m. , reads : ' Is it possible to install something like # Swype on an #iPhone and set it as the default input device ? '
He spoke out as Ireland 's Department of Foreign Affairs confirmed that none of the alleged Irish citizens named as being part of the hit squad exist .
‘ We ’ve been unable to find any record of Irish passports having been issued with details corresponding to the details published today in a number of UAE newspapers , ' the Deparment said today .
' We are in ongoing contact with UAE authorities to try and ascertain the exact facts of the case .
' To date we ’ve received no evidence that any Irish people were involved . ’
The British Home Office declined to comment , saying it was an ongoing investigation .
There was no comment from Dubai - based diplomats from the countries linked to passports .
COUNTDOWN TO AN ASSASSINATION
January 19 , 2010 : Victim Mahmoud al - Mabhouh arrives in Dubai - mysteriously without his bodyguards .
It is still not clear what he was doing in the country .
January 20 : Shortly after midnight , the suspects are spotted on airport and hotel CCTV cameras arriving in Dubai .
They split into five teams - four surveillance , and one execution squad .
Tennis disguise
During the day several of the suspects are seen in the hotel disguised as tourists .
Like something out of a spy caper novel , they wear false beards and glasses and even dress up in sports gear with tennis racquets to fool any suspicious onlookers .
CCTV shows one entering a bathroom and emerging again in his disguise .
At one point they even get in to the same lift as Mabhouh to confirm the room he is in - room 230 .
Peter Elvinger books the room down the hall - room 237 .
Some of the assassins take up position .
4.25 p.m. : One of the suspects arrives at the Al - Bustan Rotana Hotel , where Mabhouh is staying .
Mabhouh 8.24 p.m.
Mabhouh arrives back at the hotel .
8.27 p.m. : Gail and Kevin can be seen monitoring the hallway outside his room .
The killing , believed to have taken only ten minutes , takes place .
8.46 p.m. :
The alleged execution team are caught on CCTV apparently leaving the victim's room and walking out of the Al - Bustan Rotana Hotel after the hit is believed to have taken place .
8.47 p.m. : Gail is seen stepping in to the lift and leaving the hotel Within two hours , the entire team has fled the country to destinations in Europe and Asia .
Dubai police said last night they are working on the premise the passports are genuine - though that premise is false , according to the Foreign Office statement .
Last night the Daily Mail confirmed that people with the same names and birthdates as those on the passports were all born in Britain .
Mr Mildiner is the only one to have spoken out so far .
The 11 - strong gang - some wearing fake beards and wigs - who disguised themselves as tourists with tennis clothes and rackets in a highly orchestrated murder .
They are believed to have fled the emirate after the killing and are now on the run .
Dubai 's attorney general , Essam al - Hemaydan , said international arrest warrants have been issued .
They arrived on separate flights and spent less than a day in the emirate , tracking their victim to his five - star residence , the al - Bustan Rotana , near the airport before ambushing and suffocating him .
It was earlier alleged he was electrocuted before being murdered .
Dubai's chief of police , Lieutenant General Dhahi Khalfan Tamim , last night released the names of six people claiming to be British and three claiming to be Irish among the killers .
' We have no doubts that it was 11 people holding these passports , and we regret that they used the travel documents of friendly countries , ' he said .
The other members of the gang were carrying French and German passports .
Within two hours of the attack on Mahmoud al - Mabhouh on January 20 , the assassins fled Dubai , heading to airports in Europe and Asia .
It is believed that they were in the country for only 19 hours in all .
It is believed a request has been placed with Interpol for arrest warrants for the gang .
Al - Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room without any injuries to his body , according to initial reports from Palestinian sources .
He had barricaded the door of his room with chairs , a standard precaution by a man who felt that Israeli intelligence had been after his life for 20 years .
But Lt Gen Tamim did not go as far as blaming Israel directly , saying it was possible that ' leaders of certain countries gave orders to their intelligence agents to kill ' the Hamas man .
Outlining how he believed the assassination was carried out , he said it was a highly organised operation , carried out with advance knowledge of the victim 's movements .
Forensic tests indicated al - Mabhouh died of suffocation , but examinations are continuing to establish other possible factors in his death - including the possibility of electrocution and torture .
Airport surveillance video of the alleged killers arriving on separate flights to Dubai the day before al - Mabhouh was found dead , were shown at a news conference yesterday .
The members of the hit - squad divided into teams - four surveillance teams and the execution squad who would actually carry out the assassination .
Three of the execution squad were carrying British passports , one was carrying an Irish passport .
Hotel CCTV shows men disguised as tennis - playing tourists conducting surveillance in the hotel just hours before al - Mabhouh was killed
Assassinated : Mahmoud al - Mabhouh
They used ' coded communication tools ' to keep in contact .
CCTV footage shows the female member of the gang apparently wearing a dark wig , big hat and sunglasses to blend in with tourists .
Others in the hit squad were also seen on the film dressed as holidaymakers , wearing tennis clothes and carrying rackets and athletic bags .
The footage also showed the gang gathering in groups at the Al - Bustan Rotana Hotel .
All of the gang paid for their expenses in cash to avoid being traced .
Investigators saying that several members of the hit squad followed Al - Mabhouh to his room , even riding in the elevator with him to confirm his room number .
Then some of the team checked in to a room across the hall .
Four assassins then entered his room while he was out , using an electronic device to open the door , waiting to pounce when he returned .
The killing took just ten minutes .
The gang were careful not to disturb anything in the room and left the door locked from the inside to try to hide their actions , said Dubai police .
All of the suspects left the country within 19 hours of their arrival .
Police said some went to Europe , some to Asia .
But there were clues , police said - the alleged assassins hired cars , and even apparently left fingerprints .
And the CCTV footage used to map the suspects ' movements from their arrival in Dubai up until the murder was the most damning of all , police said .
' DAY OF THE JACKAL '- LIKE ASSASSINATION PLOT
The elaborate plan to kill Mabhouh reads like something out of a Frederick Forsyth - style spy caper - which , in fact , it is .
Forsyth wrote ' The Day of the Jackal ' , in which an assassin uses false passports in a plot to kill French President Charles de Gaulle , in 1971 .
' The Jackal '
It was turned into a film in1973 , with a remake loosely based on the original and starring Bruce Willis made in 1997 .
Israeli hit squads have used non-Israeli passports in the past , notably in 1997 when agents who bungled an attempt to assassinate Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal in Jordan entered the country on Canadian passports .
One of the agents had a passport bearing the name of a Canadian living in Israel , who later said he was the victim of identity theft .
In 2005 , Israel apologised to New Zealand after two suspected Mossad agents were sentenced to six months in jail by a court in Auckland that found they had sought to obtain a New Zealand passport illegally .
' We have identified the suspects and will issue arrest warrants against them and will take legal action against anyone or any party which will prove to stand behind the murder , ' Lt Gen Tamim said .
' Currently we do not have clear evidence that a specific apparatus has carried out the act , ' he added .
' We are dealing with the passports as original unless it is proven otherwise .
We are asking for the co-operation of the respective countries . '
Police said the ringleader is Peter Elvinger , 49 , who holds a French passport .
They accused him of being the squad ’s logistical coordinator and the one who booked room 237 in Al Bustan Rotana , down the corridor from the victim ’s room – 230 .
Yesterday police said that there was ‘ serious penetration into al - Mabhouh 's security prior to his arrival ’ in Dubai , but that it appeared al - Mabhouh was travelling alone .
Other reports suggested he was in Dubai to buy weapons for Hamas .
It is understood he entered Dubai on a false passport the day before his murder .
Hamas , the Palestinian Islamist movement , denied al - Mabhouh - one of the founders of the group 's military wing - was en route to Iran , one of the group 's major backers .
Top Hamas figures have accused Israeli agents of killing him .
Lt Gen Tamin said Israeli involvement could not be ruled out .
' We do not rule out Mossad , but when we arrest those suspects we will know who masterminded it , ' he said .
' If the law of the jungle is the system for some countries , in the UAE it is rule of law that governs us , and if leaders of some countries give orders to their intelligence services to kill , this practice is rejected and is a crime in our laws , religion and Islamic traditions , ' Gen Tamin said .
He added that the UAE would follow the proper legal procedures and work with Interpol to track down the perpetrators – “ even if it ’s some countries ’ leaders ' .
' Stephen Daniel Hodes ( British ) ' ' Paul John Keeley ( British ) ' ' Michael Barney ( British ) '
' James Leonard Clarke ( British ) ' ' Peter Elvinger ( French ) ' ' Jonathan Louis Graham ( British '
' Kevin Daveron ( Irish ) ' ' Michael Bodenheimer ( German ) ' ' Evan Dennings ( Irish ) '
In a statement released last month , Hamas acknowledged that al - Mabhouh was involved in the kidnapping and killing of two Israeli soldiers in 1989 .
The organisation said that until his death , he had played a ' continuous role in supporting his brothers in the resistance inside the occupied homeland ' .
The Al Bustan Rotana in Dubai is a luxury 275 room 5 star hotel , catering for business and leisure travellers .
It has seven restaurants and cafes , a health club , two swimming pools , tennis courts and beach access .
[ TYPES ]
Very sad news
Dear Colleagues , I am deeply saddened to pass on the following message from Barney and Chloë Milner : " We are sorry to announce that Robin Milner died on Saturday 20th March , in Cambridge , just three days after the funeral of his wife , Lucy .
He will be greatly missed by his family and friends , as well as the academic community . "
Gordon Plotkin
Make it Yourself
March 12 , 2010
Scans from Make it Yourself ,
The complete Step - by - Step LIbrary of Needlework and Crafts , published in 1975 .
This set at hi-res on flickr
A dark object may be lurking near our solar system , occasionally kicking comets in our direction .
Nicknamed “ Nemesis ” or “ The Death Star , ” this undetected object could be a red or brown dwarf star , or an even darker presence several times the mass of Jupiter .
Why do scientists think something could be hidden beyond the edge of our solar system ?
Originally , Nemesis was suggested as a way to explain a cycle of mass extinctions on Earth .
The paleontologists David Raup and Jack Sepkoski claim that , over the last 250 million years , life on Earth has faced extinction in a 26 - million - year cycle .
Astronomers proposed comet impacts as a possible cause for these catastrophes .
Our solar system is surrounded by a vast collection of icy bodies called the Oort Cloud .
If our Sun were part of a binary system in which two gravitationally - bound stars orbit a common center of mass , this interaction could disturb the Oort Cloud on a periodic basis , sending comets whizzing towards us .
An asteroid impact is famously responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs 65 million years ago , but large comet impacts may be equally deadly .
A comet may have been the cause of the Tunguska event in Russia in 1908 .
That explosion had about a thousand times the power of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima , and it flattened an estimated 80 million trees over an 830 square mile area .
While there ’s little doubt about the destructive power of cosmic impacts , there is no evidence that comets have periodically caused mass extinctions on our planet .
The theory of periodic extinctions itself is still debated , with many insisting that more proof is needed .
Even if the scientific consensus is that extinction events do n’t occur in a predictable cycle , there are now other reasons to suspect a dark companion to the Sun .
The Footprint of Nemesis
A recently - discovered dwarf planet , named Sedna , has an extra-long and usual elliptical orbit around the Sun.
Sedna is one of the most distant objects yet observed , with an orbit ranging between 76 and 975 AU ( where 1 AU is the distance between the Earth and the Sun ) .
Sedna ’s orbit is estimated to last between 10.5 to 12 thousand years .
Sedna ’s discoverer , Mike Brown of Caltech , noted in a Discover magazine article that Sedna ’s location does n’t make sense .
" Sedna should n’t be there , ” said Brown .
“ There ’s no way to put Sedna where it is .
It never comes close enough to be affected by the Sun , but it never goes far enough away from the Sun to be affected by other stars . ”
Perhaps a massive unseen object is responsible for Sedna ’s mystifying orbit , its gravitational influence keeping Sedna fixed in that far - distant portion of space .
“ My surveys have always looked for objects closer and thus moving faster , ” Brown told Astrobiology Magazine .
“ I would have easily overlooked something so distant and slow moving as Nemesis . ”
John Matese , Emeritus Professor of Physics at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette , suspects Nemesis exists for another reason .
The comets in the inner solar system seem to mostly come from the same region of the Oort Cloud , and Matese thinks the gravitational influence of a solar companion is disrupting that part of the cloud , scattering comets in its wake .
His calculations suggest Nemesis is between 3 to 5 times the mass of Jupiter , rather than the 13 Jupiter masses or greater that some scientists think is a necessary quality of a brown dwarf .
Even at this smaller mass , however , many astronomers would still classify it as a low mass star rather than a planet , since the circumstances of birth for stars and planets differ .
The Oort Cloud is thought to extend about 1 light year from the Sun .
Matese estimates Nemesis is 25,000 AU away ( or about one - third of a light year ) .
The next - closest known star to the Sun is Proxima Centauri , located 4.2 light years away .
Richard Muller of the University of California Berkeley first suggested the Nemesis theory , and even wrote a popular science book on the topic .
He thinks Nemesis is a red dwarf star 1.5 light years away .
Many scientists counter that such a wide orbit is inherently unstable and could not have lasted long – certainly not long enough to have caused the extinctions seen in Earth ’s fossil record .
But Muller says this instability has resulted in an orbit that has changed greatly over billions of years , and in the next billion years Nemesis will be thrown free of the solar system .
Binary star systems are common in the galaxy .
It is estimated that one - third of the stars in the Milky Way are either binary or part of a multiple - star system .
Red dwarfs are also common – in fact , astronomers say they are the most common type of star in the galaxy .
Brown dwarfs are also thought to be common , but there are only a few hundred known at this time because they are so difficult to see .
Red and brown dwarfs are smaller and cooler than our Sun , and do not shine brightly .
If red dwarfs can be compared to the red embers of a dying fire , then brown dwarfs would be the smoldering ash .
Because they are so dim , it is plausible that the Sun could have a secret companion even though we ’ve searched the sky for many years with a variety of instruments .
NASA ’s newest telescope , the Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) , may be able to answer the question about Nemesis once and for all .
Finding Dwarfs in the Dark
WISE looks at our universe in the infrared part of the spectrum .
Like the Spitzer space telescope , WISE is hunting for heat .
The difference is that WISE has a much wider field of view , and so is able to scan a greater portion of the sky for distant objects .
WISE began scanning the sky on January 14 , and NASA recently released the mission ’s first images .
The mission will map the entire sky until October , when the spacecraft ’s coolant runs out .
Part of the WISE mission is to search for brown dwarfs , and NASA expects it could find one thousand of the dim stellar objects within 25 light years of our solar system .
Davy Kirkpatrick at NASA ’s Infrared Processing and Analysis Center at Caltech found nothing when he searched for Nemesis using data from the Two Micron All Sky Survey ( 2MASS ) .
Now Kirkpatrick is part of the WISE science team , ready to search again for any signs of a companion to our Sun .
Kirkpatrick does n’t think Nemesis will be the red dwarf star with an enormous orbit described by Muller .
In his view , Matese ’s description of Nemesis as a low mass object closer to home is more plausible .
“ I think the possibility that the Sun could harbor a companion of another sort is not a crazy idea , ” said Kirkpatrick .
“ There might be a distant object in a more stable , more circular orbit that has gone unnoticed so far . ”
Ned Wright , professor of astronomy and physics at UCLA and the principal investigator for the WISE mission , said that WISE will easily see an object with a mass a few times that of Jupiter and located 25,000 AU away , as suggested by Matese .
“ This is because Jupiter is self - luminous like a brown dwarf , ” said Wright .
“ But for planets less massive than Jupiter in the far outer solar system , WISE will be less sensitive . ”
Neither Kirkpatrick nor Wright think Nemesis is disrupting the Oort cloud and sending comets towards Earth , however .
Because they envision a more benign orbit , they prefer the name " Tyche " ( the good sister ) .
Regardless of what they expect to find , the WISE search wo n’t focus on one particular region of the sky .
“ The great thing about WISE , as was also true of 2MASS , is that it ’s an all - sky survey , ” said Kirkpatrick .
“ There will be some regions such as the Galactic Plane where the observations are less sensitive or fields more crowded , but we ’ll search those areas too .
So we ’re not preferentially targeting certain directions . ”
We may not have an answer to the Nemesis question until mid-2013 .
WISE needs to scan the sky twice in order to generate the time - lapsed images astronomers use to detect objects in the outer solar system .
The change in location of an object between the time of the first scan and the second tells astronomers about the object ’s location and orbit .
Then comes the long task of analyzing the data .
“ I do n’t suspect we ’ll have completed the search for candidate objects until mid-2012 , and then we may need up to a year of time to complete telescopic follow - up of those objects , ” said Kirkpatrick .
Even if Nemesis is not found , the WISE telescope will help shed light on the darkest corners of the solar system .
The telescope can be used to search for dwarf planets like Pluto that orbit the Sun off the solar system ’s ecliptic plane .
The objects that make up the Oort Cloud are too small and far away for WISE to see , but it will be able to track potentially dangerous comets and asteroids closer to home .
Note : A French translation of this article is available .
Me : Are you disappointed that Dodd 's new proposal provides the Fed with more systemic risk authority than his original bill ?
Paul :
Well , I do n't know whether I 'm disappointed or excited .
It 's just sort of what I expected .
What else do they do ?
When somebody gets very powerful , and they mess things up , Congress tries to clean it up , and they exacerbate it by giving the people who caused all the trouble more power .
I just think it 's typical of the way government works .
I do n't expect much good to come form this , and the Fed 's gonna be more powerful than any other , and there 's really not gonna be any real transparency of the Fed .
They 're protected from that happening .
What do you make of Dodd putting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in the Fed ?
Well , I think that 's the main thing where they 're getting a lot more power .
It 's interesting that , of course , it 'll be funded by the Fed .
So they 're going to do all this mischief and have all these bureaucrats .
It wo n't even be on the budget .
And there will really be no oversight by the Congress .
It 's government totally out of control .
It 's just absolutely bizarre that you could create a Consumer Protection Bureau within the Fed , and they do all their own funding .
And Congress probably wo n't do anything about it .
Dodd does want a GAO audit of the Fed .
What 's your sense of how that compares to your amendment that passed for the House version ?
I have n't looked in total detail , but it looked to me like the same language of the Watt bill , when Mel Watt and I had the debate in committee when his went down and mine prevailed .
I think the Watt language got put in there , which was just sort of words , but no true audit .
It 's been more or less been conceded by the Fed and others that these lending agencies that were created during the crisis , that we will eventually will get that material , and I think that 's what they say they can do .
But it does n't do anything about overseas lending , central banks and other governments , and what happens at the discount window .
None of that will be audited .
Dodd wants financial stability to now be an explicit function of the Fed .
What do you think the outcome of that would be ?
Financial stability ?
Well you need a stable dollar to have that .
You can't allow somebody to double the money supply in one year and have the financial community wondering : when is he gonna take that off the balance sheet ?
You do n't get stability that way .
It 's impossible .
They created the bubble -- they 've created all of the bubbles since 1913 .
And they create the depressions and recessions .
The last thing they 're capable of doing is giving us financial stability , because they create the financial instability .
And with more power , I just think it will get that much worse .
Dodd also wants to disallow any bank employee past or present to sit on the Federal Reserve 's Board of Directors .
Do you think that 's a good idea ?
( For example , Jamie Dimon , JP Morgan 's CEO , currently sits on the NY Federal Reserve 's Board of Directors . )
The New Hostage Crisis
My friend , the Iranian - American scholar Kian Tajbakhsh , was recently sentenced to 15 years in Tehran ’s Evin prison .
For those familiar with the ways of authoritarian regimes , the charges against him will ring familiar : espionage , cooperating with an enemy government , and endangering national security .
Since his arrest last July — he was accused of helping to plan the post-election uprisings —
Kian ’s family and friends have made countless appeals for clemency to the Iranian government , written letters to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pleading his innocence , and signed dozens of petitions .
All to no avail .
I ’ve come now to realize that the regime probably thinks we ’re obtuse .
Indeed , they know better than anyone that Kian is an innocent man .
As the expression goes in Persian , " da ’va sar-e een neest , " i.e. that ’s not what this fight is about .
Allow me to explain .
Kian was first arrested in 2007 .
His crime was having previously worked as a consultant for the Open Society Institute ( OSI ) , a U.S. - based NGO .
Though his work was nonpolitical , focused on educational and developmental projects , and had received the explicit consent of the Iranian government , he was accused of trying to foment a " velvet revolution " on behalf of U.S. intelligence agencies .
While in solitary confinement in Evin , he was subjected to countless hours of interrogation .
Had the authorities found any evidence for the above charges during all this , Kian certainly would not have been freed after four months .
He was permitted to leave the country after his release , but chose to remain in Tehran with his wife and newborn daughter .
He reassured his worried family and friends that he was now an open book to the Iranian government and there could be no further rationale or pretext to detain him .
Over the last two years , he regularly met with his minder from the Ministry of Intelligence .
Aware of the fact that the government was monitoring all of his activities and communications — including e-mail and telephone conversations — he kept a very low profile and exhibited great caution .
During this period , Kian and I regularly exchanged e-mails .
He urged me to read his favorite book , Polish writer Czeslaw Milosz ’s brilliant novel , The Captive Mind , which examines the moral and intellectual conflicts faced by men and women living under totalitarianism of the left or right .
On the 30th anniversary of the fall of the shah we debated the successes and failures of the 1979 Islamic Revolution , and he told me he believed that the former outweigh the latter .
Hardly the worldview of a subversive counterrevolutionary .
Even amid the massive popular uprisings following the tainted June 2009 presidential elections , Kian remained cautious and unmoved , steering way clear of any political activity and continuing to meet with his minder .
On June 14 , two days after the election , he wrote me an email saying , " I ’m keeping my head down … I have nothing to add to all the reports that are here . "
In the same e-mail , Kian even expressed skepticism about the opposition ’s accusations of electoral fraud , saying he had seen " little hard evidence . "
A few weeks later he was arrested , bafflingly , on charges of helping to plan the post-election unrest .
Given the government ’s intimate familiarity with the benign nature of Kian ’s activities and communications , it appeared he was simply needed as an unfortunate pawn in the regime ’s campaign to portray indigenous popular protests as orchestrated by foreign powers .
Though the unrest gradually subsided , we went from counting Kian ’s detention in days to weeks to months .
Along with dozens of other prisoners , dressed in pajamas and sandals , he was forced to participate in humiliating show - trials that were broadcast on official state television .
Hard - liners used Kian to attack their reformist opponents , inventing fantastic claims that he was the link between former President Mohammed Khatami and OSI founder George Soros .
Though his face looked visibly different , haggard , his two - year old daughter Hasti ran and kissed the television screen when she saw his image .
His wife sobbed .
When our courageous mutual friend , Canadian - Iranian Newsweek reporter Maziar Bahari , was finally released from Evin after four months , we thought it boded well for Kian .
These hopes were dashed by Tuesday ’s almost comically harsh sentence .
15 years !
The over - the - top severity of the sentence makes it eminently clear that this case really has little to do with Kian , and everything to do with Iran ’s negotiating posture toward the United States .
A disaffected contact in the Iranian foreign ministry — the vast majority of whom were thought to have voted for Mir Hossein Mousavi — bluntly confirmed my suspicions .
" Eena daran bazi mikonan , " he told me .
" These guys are just playing . "
While neighboring Dubai and Turkey have managed to build thriving economies by trading in goods and services , Iran , even 30 years after the revolution , remains in the business of trading in human beings .
In addition to Kian , Iran is now holding at least five other American citizens against their will , including three young hikers —
Shane Bauer , Sarah Shourd , and Josh Fattal ( an outspoken Palestinian - rights activist ) — detained in June along the Iran - Iraq border in Kurdistan .
What , if anything , Tehran seeks in return for these human subjects is unclear , and frankly it ’s a difficult issue for Iran to broach , given that it undermines the accusations the regime has concocted .
That said , the official line can often change abruptly , and for no apparent reason .
After Iranian - American journalist Roxana Saberi was sentenced last year to eight years in prison ( on preposterous charges of espionage ) , she was summarily released a few weeks later .
Until recently , it was accepted wisdom that the uptick in Tehran ’s repression of its own citizenry and detention of U.S. nationals was merely a reaction to the hostile policies of the Bush administration .
This thesis is being quickly disproven as the Obama administration ’s hands - off approach to human rights in Iran proves equally unsuccessful in getting the regime to improve its practices .
Whether Republican or Democrat , U.S. officials are often puzzled by the detention of dual nationals , and unsure how to react to them .
Do U.S. statements and / or diplomatic efforts help or hurt the cause of the detainees ?
Based on the experience of several Iranian - Americans who have served time in Evin — including esteemed scholar Haleh Esfandiari , Saberi , and peace activist Ali Shakeri — we know that thoughtful public statements from U.S. officials coupled with behind - the scenes intervention were helpful to their cause .
But these are individual cases .
What U.S. policy measures could help improve the overall human rights situation in Iran , and prevent further detentions from taking place in the future ?
Broadly speaking , I support the argument — made mostly by the American left — that expanding and improving ties between Washington and Tehran would help mitigate the detention of innocents in Iran — whether Iranian or American .
I also agree with the counterargument , made mostly by the right , that Tehran ’s hard - liners use continued enmity with the United States in order to blame Washington when , among other things , their population rises up , economic malaise worsens , or a terrorist attack happens in Baluchistan .
Unfortunately , the difficulty of potential engagement has increased significantly in recent months as any remaining moderates and pragmatists have essentially been purged from the Iranian government ’s power structure .
The color spectrum of the regime now ranges from pitch black to dark grey .
And insofar as the continued detention of U.S. citizens in Tehran decreases the likelihood of a diplomatic breakthrough with Washington , the interests of at least some of these hard - liners will be served .
Sadly , languishing in Evin prison , my friend Kian understands this dynamic only too well .
Shortly after President Obama ’s speech in Cairo last June , Kian wrote , " Iranians might ponder Barack Obama ’s challenge to Iran to articulate ‘ not what it is against , but what future it wants to build . ’
Each Iranian will wonder how much thought our rulers or our fellow countrymen have given to this critical question and why answers to it are so vague and so few . "
The joke on the internet these days is " What do Tiger Woods and Phil Jones of East Anglia University in Britain have in common ?
They both got hit in the head by a model . "
In 2007 , Professors David Douglass , John Christy , Benjamin Pearson , and Fred Singer wrote a scientific paper in the International Journal of Climatology , which compared Global Climate Models ( GCMs ) with real observed data .
GCMs were theoretically designed to forecast how greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) are warming the planet .
There are certain rules that must be followed in scientific investigations in order to ensure that the results and conclusions are not erroneous .
Basically , the process requires an investigator to operate under multiple hypotheses so that he is not blinded to facts that might contradict one of his hypotheses and leave him with a dead end .
An investigator should start by working from the known to the unknown , from the simple to the complex , and always bend the theory to fit the facts -- not the other way around .
This is exactly how the four scholars led by Professor Douglass conducted their investigation into the accuracy of the GCMs .
The GCMs were touted by the now - discredited Dr. Jones as accurate predictions of how the planet is responding to GHGs , but no serious published work had been done to compare these GCMs with real observations to find out if the theoretical models agreed with the established facts .
The results of these comparisons done by Prof .
Douglass and his team were found to be significantly divergent .
The paper states the following :
Model results and observed temperature trends are in disagreement in most of the tropical troposphere , being separated by more than twice the uncertainty of the model mean .
In English , that says that the models could not be trusted .
This news publicly enraged the gang led by Dr. Jones .
They fired off more than 29 e-mails concerning this one paper .
But the real story is that these findings did not surprise them .
In one of the recently uncovered Climategate e-mails from Dr. Fred Pearce to Dr. Keith Briffa , dated the 13th of October , 1996 , Dr. Pearce delivers the bad news that the data does not agree with the models .
The models ' error was not , perhaps , too surprising .
As Barnett points out , they do not include vital " forcing " mechanisms that alter temperature , such as solar cycles and volcanic eruptions .
Nor can they yet mimic the strength of the largest year - on - year variability in the natural system , the El Nino oscillation in the Pacific Ocean , which has a global impact on climate .
This statement means that as far back as 1996 , the Jones Gang knew that the GCMs were producing significant errors and problems .
This resulted an inability to reconcile the forecasts with reality .
They seemingly knew that specifically excluding solar and El Niño influences would cause the forecast to be untrustworthy .
But apparently they wished to keep these problems a secret .
So to accomplish this , they chose to deal with the problem in a surprising way , as the e-mail further states :
Of course we do n't have to believe the proxy data .
So now are they suggesting that they alter or ignore the data rather than bend their theory to fit the facts ?
In other words , are they completely disregarding the scientific method ?
When trying to come up with a response to Prof.
Douglass 's International Journal of Climatology paper , Dr. Ben Santer wrote to Dr. Jones and admitted that the basic premise of the work done by Prof.
Douglass and his collaborators was correct .
They had run head - first in to the cold , hard truth ( ouch ) , as revealed in Sater 's e-mail , dated the 12th of December , 2007 , when he stated the following :
It is difficult to identify a subset of models that consistently does well in many different regions and over a range of different timescales .
What Dr. Santer is saying here is that clearly , the GCMs are broken , but that even a broken clock is right twice a day .
As any forecaster at the National Hurricane Center will tell you , the only forecast models that they trust are models that consistently perform well .
When lives are on the line , you do n't take chances by using an unreliable forecast model .
So in response to their dilemma of having to deal with the truth , the Jones Gang seems to abandon all scientific methods and decides to proceed down the rabbit hole and embrace the tactics of attorneys .
In law school , they teach the students that if the law is on your side , argue the law ; if the facts are on your side , argue the facts ; but if neither the law nor the facts are on your side , then you have no choice but to try to discredit the witness .
The difference between scientists like Prof.
Douglas and lawyers like Al Gore is that scientists seek the truth , while lawyers find the truth to be a simple matter of convenient choice to be used or obscured as needed .
The choice that the Jones Gang appears to make is to impugn the reputation of these scholars by referring to them as charlatans and pondering how to get them fired , as is detailed in this e-mail Dr. Tom Wigley sent on the 10th of December , 2007 , to Dr. Santer :
... what Douglass has done would cause him to lose his job .
It is true that five hundred years ago , when a scientist challenged the prevailing accepted view of things , he would lose his job ( and even get locked up like Galileo ) , but this is the twenty - first century !
The inquisition is over ... or is it ?
The apparent plotting seems to take shape as this cabal begins to scheme and set traps for Prof .
Douglass 's collaborators , as is suggested in this e-mail from Dr. Wigley , dated the 29th of December , 2007 :
Dear all ,
I was recently at a meeting in Rome where Fred Singer was a participant .
He was not on the speaker list , but , in advance of the meeting , I had thought he might raise the issue of the Douglass et al. paper .
I therefore prepared the attached power point -- modified slightly since returning from Rome .
As it happened , Singer did not raise the Douglass et al. issue , so I did not use the ppt .
Still , it may be useful for members of this group so I am sending it to you all .
Please keep this in confidence .
I do not want it to get back to Singer or any of the Douglass et al. co-authors .
While researchers and scientists investigate the cause of our diabetes , obesity , asthma and ADHD epidemics , they should ask why the FDA approved a livestock drug banned in 160 nations and responsible for hyperactivity , muscle breakdown and 10 percent mortality in pigs , according to angry farmers who phoned the manufacturer .
The beta agonist ractopamine , a repartitioning agent that increases protein synthesis , was recruited for livestock use when researchers found the drug , used in asthma , made mice more muscular says Beef magazine .
But unlike the growth promoting antibiotics and hormones used in livestock which are withdrawn as the animal nears slaughter , ractopamine is started as the animal nears slaughter .
As much as twenty percent of Paylean , given to pigs for their last 28 days , Optaflexx , given to cattle their last 28 to 42 days and Tomax , given to turkeys their last 7 to 14 days , remains in consumer meat says author and well known veterinarian Michael W. Fox .
Though banned in Europe , Taiwan and China–more than 1,700 people were “ poisoned ” from eating Paylean - fed pigs since 1998 says the Sichuan Pork Trade Chamber of Commerce–ractopamine is used in 45 percent of US pigs and 30 percent of ration - fed cattle says Elanco Animal Health which manufactures all three products .
How does a drug marked , “ Not for use in humans .
Individuals with cardiovascular disease should exercise special caution to avoid exposure .
Use protective clothing , impervious gloves , protective eye wear , and a NIOSH - approved dust mask ” become “ safe ” in human food ?
With no washout period ?
The same way Elanco ’s other two blockbusters , Stilbosol ( diethylstilbestrol or DES ) , now withdrawn , and Posilac or bovine growth hormone ( rBST ) , bought from Monsanto in 2008 , became part of the nation ’s food supply : shameless corporate lobbying .
A third of meetings on the Food Safety and Inspection Service ’s public calendar in January 2009 were with Elanco , a division of Eli Lilly–or about ractopamine .
In fact , in 2002 , three years after Paylean ’s approval , the FDA ’s Center for Veterinary Medicine ’s Office of Surveillance and Compliance accused Elanco of withholding information about “ safety and effectiveness ” and “ adverse animal drug experiences ” upon which ractopamine was approved , in a 14 - page warning letter .
“ Our representatives requested a complete and accurate list of all your GLP [ Good Laboratory Practices ] studies involving Paylean® ( Ractopamine hydrochloride ) , including their current status as well as the names of the respective study monitors .
In response , your firm supplied to our representatives multiple lists which differed in the names of the studies and their status .
In addition , your firm could not locate or identify documents pertaining to some of the studies .
This situation was somewhat confusing and created unneeded delays for our representatives , ” wrote Gloria J. Dunnavan , Director Division of Compliance .
Where was mention of the farmer phone calls to Elanco reporting , “ hyperactivity , ” “ dying animals , ” “ downer pigs ” and “ tying up ” and “ stress ” syndromes , asks the FDA letter .
Where was the log of phone calls that included farmers saying , “ animals are down and shaking , ” and “ pig vomiting after eating feed with Paylean ” ?
But , not to worry .
Despite ractopamine ’s dangers and the falsified approval documents , the FDA approved ractopamine the following year for cattle–and last year for turkeys .
According to Temple Grandin , Professor of Animal Science at Colorado State University , the “ indiscriminant use of Paylean ( ractopamine ) has contributed to an increase in downer non-ambulatory pigs , ” and pigs that “ are extremely difficult to move and drive . ”
In Holsteins , ractopamine is known for causing hoof problems , says Grandin and feedlot managers report the “ outer shell of the hoof fell off ” on a related beta agonist drug , zilpateral .
A article in the 2003 Journal of Animal Science confirms that “ ractopamine does affect the behavior , heart rate and catecholamine profile of finishing pigs and making them more difficult to handle and potentially more susceptible to handling and transport stress . ”
Nor can we overlook the effects of “ adding these drugs to waterways or well water supplies–via contaminated animal feed and manure runoff– when this class of drugs is so important in treating children with asthma , ” says David Wallinga , MD of the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy .
The FDA ’s approval of a drug for food that requires impervious gloves and a mask just to handle is reminiscent of the bovine growth hormone debacle .
Like rBST , ractopamine increases profits despite greater livestock death and disability because a treated animal does the work of two in a macabre version of economies of scale .
Like rBST , food consumers are metabolic , neurological and carcinogen guinea pigs so that agribusiness can make a profit .
And like rBST , “ Mothers Of Growing Children ” was not marked as a visiting group on the Food Safety and Inspection Service ’s public calendar next to the ag lobbyists .
DAVOS , Switzerland — How the mighty have fallen .
A few short years ago bankers were financial masters of the universe who took star billing at the annual gathering of the World Economic Forum here in Davos .
This year they were political scapegoats meeting behind closed doors in an attempt to coordinate a response to the opprobrium directed at them by most of the other delegates .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy , in a speech tinged with populist rhetoric , set the tone of blame and finger - pointing for the rest of the week with ...
The man who invented the Frisbee , one of the world 's most popular toys , has died at his home in Utah in the United States .
Walter Frederick Morrison was 90 and had been suffering from cancer .
He conceived and developed his aerodynamic plastic disc in the 1950s , and more than 200 million have been sold worldwide .
Frisbee historian Phil Kennedy says Mr Morrison got the idea from playing with a metal cake pan on the beach in California .
The platter 's novel aerodynamic shape allowed it to hover briefly or travel long distances , kept aloft by its rotation .
Mr Morrison sold the production and manufacturing rights to his " Pluto Platter " in 1957 .
The name Frisbee was later adopted because that was the nickname given to the platter by college students in New England .
The name came from the Frisbie Pie Co , a local bakery whose empty tins were tossed like the soon - to - be Frisbee .
A small item worthy of a replay here …
Cafferty on Nancy Pelosi ..
Go all the way to his last comment .
Ayup ..
My sentiments as well .
A horrible , reprehensible human being ..
You may well find that the reflective properties of the plasterboard make for a rather unpleasant and harsh - sounding room , which is not really what you want if you 're going to be recording in there , and certainly not what you want if you 're going to be monitoring and mixing in there either .
Simply having the room carpeted and putting a sofa at one end will probably help , but to address the wall reflection you can use a combination of two solutions : absorption and diffusion .
Diffusion involves sending the reflections off in different directions , breaking up the sound , while absorption soaks up certain unwanted frequencies .
This is where the old eggbox myth can be laid to rest – while their shape should make them potentially good sound diffusers , their material is n't reflective enough , and its absorptive properties are minimal too .
They do n't look very nice either !
So , try picking up some 2 ' x4 ' sheets of hardboard and make yourself some absorption panels using 1 " slabs of mineral wool ( the same size ) placed over the top and a dustsheet laid over and tightly stapled from behind .
They 'll look better and , more importantly , will actually work when hung on opposite walls .
If you 'd prefer to invest in something ready made for the job , try some Aurelex , ProFoam or similar .
These companies make a range of products for studios and even make room packs with all the different elements you 'll need for different sized rooms .
As you 'd expect , this comes at a price , but gives professional results both sonically and visually .
A friend toured a London gym , only to receive texts once a week for two months , taunting her for not joining and supposedly being " festively plump " instead .
Turns out this place has a bit of a track record for asshattery .
Advertisement
Gymbox , which has three locations in London , excels in coming up with marketing - friendly workouts that evince the worst stereotypes about anyone you like —
British people and their class issues ( " Chav Fighting Class , " " White Collar Boxing " ) , British women ( the wag workout , for women who want to make themselves more attractive to footballers , " ) or women in general ( " Boob Aerobics , " " Stiletto Workout , " " Pole Dancing , " and so on . )
They have used humans for weightlifting , including little persons .
My sister says they have an obnoxious man stand on Oxford Holborn Street shouting " GYYYYYMBOOOOXXXX TIGHTTEN YOUR BUMS LADIES !!! "
Advertisement
It is not a woman - only gym .
It fascinates me that this would make anyone want to join this gym .
( At least to the extent that three locations stay in business . )
The fitness business usually relies on a smoother , more aspirational type of bullying .
Yes , workouts can be boring , but I personally like to think of the gym as a place where you can sweat in silence ( with headphones , unmolested ) without worrying about whether you can walk in stilettos .
Am I alone here ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Featured Classes [ Gymbox Official Site ]
Fancy A Workout ?
Take Your Pick [ Daily Mail ]
The great mystery of the passage of health care reform is resolved .
Who yelled “ baby killer ” at Bart Stupak during the debate over the motion to recommit ?
Texas Republican Rep. Randy Neugebauer just now issued the following statement :
“ Last night was the climax of weeks and months of debate on a health care bill that my constituents fear and do not support .
In the heat and emotion of the debate , I exclaimed the phrase ‘ it ’s a baby killer ’ in reference to the agreement reached by the Democratic leadership .
While I remain heartbroken over the passage of this bill and the tragic consequences it will have for the unborn , I deeply regret that my actions were mistakenly interpreted as a direct reference to Congressman Stupak himself .
“ I have apologized to Mr. Stupak and also apologize to my colleagues for the manner in which I expressed my disappointment about the bill .
The House Chamber is a place of decorum and respect .
The timing and tone of my comment last night was inappropriate . ”
Behold , now is the accepted time ; behold , now is the day of salvation .
- 2 Cor. 6:2
This is the first public release of The Great Class Dash .
The mod turns Team Fortress into a platformer similar to the flash game Canabalt .
The first level starts out with you controlling only the scout .
The only control in this stage is jumping , and its relatively easy to clear all the obstacles and reach the end of the level .
Later levels introduce more classes though , and in the end , you will have to quickly switch between all nine to reach the finish .
Elberton , Georgia ( CNN ) --
In the beginning , there was the stone .
The blue - gray vein of granite that courses through northeastern Georgia spawned jobs in the quarries and finishing sheds of Elberton , where generations of stonecutters have turned slabs of rock the size of refrigerators into statues , tombstones and tile .
And one day , it brought a visitor who gifted the town with a landmark that leaves visitors scratching their heads decades later .
The nearly 20 - foot high series of granite slabs known as the Georgia Guidestones are inscribed with a series of admonitions for a future " Age of Reason . "
Billed as " America 's Stonehenge , " it 's an astronomically complex , 120 - ton relic of Cold War fears , built to instruct survivors of an Armageddon that the mystery man feared was all too near .
The identity of the man who called himself " R.C. Christian " is a secret that Wyatt Martin , the banker who acted as his agent in Elberton , vows to take to his grave .
" He told me , ' If you were to tell who put the money up for this , it would n't be a mystery any more , and no one would come and read it . '
That had to be part of the attraction , to get people to come and read his 10 rules that he came up with , " Martin said .
People in Elberton , about 100 miles east of Atlanta , are proud of their eccentric landmark .
But 30 years after its dedication , it has drawn the attention of a new generation of conspiracy theorists with very different fears .
" There are a lot of people who do n't feel about it the same way we do , " said Phyllis Brooks , president of the Elbert County Chamber of Commerce .
The four vertical slabs that dominate the Guidestones are inscribed back and front with Christian 's 10 principles , each side in a different modern language .
The capstone is inscribed in the alphabets of early human civilizations -- Egyptian hieroglyphics , Babylonian cuneiform , Sanskrit and classical Greek .
The center column has a slot through which the transit of the sun throughout the seasons can be observed , while a hole higher up focuses on Polaris , the north star .
Another hole in the capstone focuses a beam of sunlight onto the central pillar at noon .
Those features would allow the survivors of Christian 's feared apocalypse to reproduce three of the basic tools of civilization : the calendar , clock and compass .
Loris Magnani , an astronomy professor at the University of Georgia , questions how useful the Guidestones would be to survivors of civilization - ending cataclysm .
The devices incorporated into the stones are " relatively easy stuff " that most human societies have developed early in their histories , he said .
" Do n't get me wrong .
As a monument , it 's fine .
There 's nothing wrong with doing that , " Magnani told CNN .
But he added , " Every decent civilization going back to a couple of millennia before Christ has figured this out .
How to make gasoline ?
Now that would be useful . "
But it 's the written messages of the Guidestones that have drawn the most criticism .
Most are innocuous , calling on readers to rule their passions with " tempered reason , " avoid " petty laws and useless officials " and " prize truth , beauty , love ... seeking harmony with the infinite . "
They end with the advice , " Be not a cancer on the Earth -- leave room for nature . "
But the first two -- which call for limiting human population to half a billion , less than 10 percent of today 's numbers , and guiding reproduction " wisely " -- have led some to call the Guidestones a call to genocide and the " Ten Commandments of the Antichrist . "
In recent years , the monument has been hit by vandals who see in it the creed of a shadowy " New World Order " bent on subjugating humanity .
It has been tagged at least three times since 2008 , leaving scrawls of " God is stronger than the NWO , " vague threats of destruction and various crudities across the granite .
" The worst was they put a two - part epoxy over two faces , " said Mart Clamp , whose father helped carve the stones .
" You just can't pressure - wash it off , you have to get in there with a hammer - type tool and beat it off . "
Christian left behind a 1986 book , " Common Sense Renewed , " that is still for sale at the Elberton Granite Museum .
Many of the concerns he lists in it would n't be out of place at a modern Republican gathering : growing entitlement spending , stifling regulation , the breakdown of the traditional family .
But he also warned that the world 's problems were symptoms of overpopulation , turning civilization as we knew into an " atomic tinderbox , " and requiring some limited form of world government to save mankind from annihilation , he concluded .
It is that kind of talk that disturbs people like Van Smith , who has written extensively about the Guidestones on his Web site .
Contacted at his home in Arkansas , said the future that Christian describes in his book " is totalitarian . "
" It 's Platonic in many ways , but it 's extremely oppressive , " Smith said .
And he says encoded within the dimensions of the stones is the height in feet of Dubai 's Burj Khalifa , now the world 's tallest building .
To him , that suggests the builders knew of plans to build a new Tower of Babel , ushering in " the dawning of a new era in which man can become God . "
" I 'm not a conspiracy lunatic who spends all my time researching Freemasonry and things like that , " said Smith , a computer industry analyst .
But he told CNN , " This evidence is extremely real , and it 's disturbing . "
The locals do n't buy it .
" I know the men who put this up , and they were all good men , " said Clamp , who is working to clean up the stones ahead of their anniversary .
" My father was one of those men .
If this had been anything satanic or demonic , they never would have had anything to do with it . "
Brooks said that most in Elberton view the stones as " a work of art " that draws tourists , and " we do n't get wrapped up so much in what they say . "
" But they do still have a draw to " -- she pauses -- " to a different sector of people . "
And the chatter from that sector has made Elberton leery of celebrating their landmark 's 30th birthday .
" With the damage that had been done to the Guidestones and a lot of things that were out there on YouTube , it was just decided that maybe we might wait for another year to do it , " Brooks said .
The mystery man is dead now .
Martin knows this because the man 's son got in touch with him recently .
Only two people in Elberton met him face - to - face -- Martin and Joe Fendley , the contractor who built the monument .
Fendley , who went on to become the town 's mayor , is dead now , too .
But Martin , now 79 and living a few towns down the road , said he remains bound by his pledge to keep the secret .
" That was a gentleman 's agreement between us , and he lived with it and I 've lived with it , " he said .
" When I 'm dead and gone , nobody will ever know who put it there . "
G - Spot Mouse
You know how your mouse currently is n't sexy enough for you ?
That can all change with the new G - Spot mouse .
I bet this is one of those pieces of equipment that are really nice to look at but impossible to figure out how they work .
( From , via Richard Chemel . )
The past several years have seen laptop prices plunge to commodity levels at the same time that the explosion in WiFi access has made getting them on the ' Net much easier .
That 's prompted an explosion of one - to - one student : laptop programs , implemented by everything from individual schools to entire states .
Hard data on the effectiveness of these programs , however , has been hard to come by .
The most recent issue of The Journal of Technology , Learning and Assessment is devoted to looking at these programs , and it includes some hard data suggesting that they just might help students handle standardized tests .
There are six papers , all dedicated to looking at different attempts at 1:1 laptop programs at different levels of primary education in the US .
A few of those are focused on self - reported surveys of how teachers and students view the programs , however ; there are only two that focus on hard numbers obtained via statewide standardized tests .
These are promising signs that these programs can actually have their intended impact on learning .
Still , all of the papers emphasize just how difficult it is to compare programs .
Finding a nearby school system that is n't running a laptop program but has equivalent demographics and similar test scores to start with can be a real challenge .
There 's also substantial variation in how the laptop programs are implemented .
Different schools devote different resources to training teachers , providing software and other key factors , and may not provide access to the hardware after school hours .
The software and training involved may differ between disciplines , as well — the approaches that make laptops an integral part of science education , for example , wo n't necessarily work in an English class , where things like data entry never come into play .
Some of those differences were apparent in one of the regions chosen for study , which was in Texas .
That state 's Technology Immersion Pilot program skipped the cautious , incremental rollout of hardware and simply tried to get as much hardware in the hands of students and teachers as quickly as possible .
The paper that analyzes TIP compared 21 schools in the program and attempted to find correlations between various factors , such as access to computers during school hours and student scores on the state 's TAKS exam .
The analysis suggests that access during school hours was n't clearly associated with improvements in test scores .
But allowing the students to take the laptops home was : " Home Learning — which measured the extent of a student 's laptop use outside of school for homework in each of the four core - subject areas and for learning games — was the strongest implementation predictor of reading achievement . "
Similar things were seen with math scores .
Another study focused on English education , using a California school district with about 14,000 students , some of whom were in laptop programs , others not .
The study focused on an educational phenomenon known as the " fourth grade slump . "
Apparently , students spend the first few years focusing on developing reading skills , after which the focus shifts to using those skills to gain knowledge in other subject areas — learning to read vs. reading to learn , as the authors put it .
The study attempted to determine how the use of laptops influenced the fourth grade slump .
Oddly , the presence of laptops did n't seem to make a difference : no students in the district experienced the fourth grade slump .
Instead , the students who were n't enrolled in the laptop program experienced it in fifth grade .
Those with the laptops managed to escape without ever experiencing it , and according to the authors , performed best on those portions of the standardized tests that emphasized skills that were targeted by the laptop program .
These are promising signs that these programs can actually have their intended impact on learning .
But the studies were relatively small , and it's clear that they need to be replicated in other settings .
But the key may be identifying which aspects of the program actually fostered the improved test scores , so that these benefits can be reproduced more widely .
As the introduction to this issue states , " While some positive effects are clearly seen in these classrooms , five years or more into the innovation , problems remain , and school cultural factors seem to play an important role in teacher uptake and integration of the technology . "
( As a complete aside , one of the more amusing results came from a survey that attempted to determine how individual access to computers was changing how they were used in the classroom .
All of items showed significant differences except for two : time spent helping other students with computer problems , and time spent helping teachers .
Apparently , giving everyone a laptop helped them learn to help themselves . )
Listing image by Flickr user billaday
635,000 cribs recalled for risk to infants
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
About 635,000 cribs sold at major discounters nationwide have been recalled by Dorel Asia SRL for strangulation and suffocation hazards that killed one child and injured 10 others , the government said Tuesday .
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said that the hardware holding up the side of the crib can fail , causing the drop side of the crib to detach , which could trap and suffocate a child .
Digg
Buzz Up !
Email
Print
About 635,000 Dorel Asia stationary and drop - side cribs are affected by the recall .
The drop side is " the side of the crib that caregivers can move up and down to get a child in or out of the crib , " said Kim Dulic , a spokeswoman for the CPSC .
" When the drop side detaches it creates a space in which an infant or toddler can become entrapped and suffocate or strangle , " the organization said in the statement .
Infants are also at risk of entrapment and possible strangulation if a slat on the crib is damaged , which can occur when the crib is in use , in storage , during shipping and handling and while putting the crib together or taking it apart .
CPSC and Dorel Asia have received 31 reports of sides detaching from cribs , resulting in the death of a 6 - month child who was trapped and strangled in a Dorel crib , and three children were injured .
In a separate statement issued late Tuesday , Dorel said the circumstances of the infant 's death were " highly unusual . "
The parents were arrested for " child endangerment with death " after trying to hold their broken crib together with duct tape , the company said .
There have also been 36 reports of slats breaking , which resulted in the bruising and scratching of seven children , according to the CPSC .
The slats problem affects both drop - side and stationary cribs .
The recalled Dorel Asia cribs were carried at K - Mart , Sears ( SHLD , Fortune 500 ) and Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) stores nationwide from January 2005 to December 2009 , and cost between $ 120 and $ 700 apiece .
Owners should immediately stop using the cribs .
Repair kits will be provided in February and , depending on the crib model , the kits will include two to four new sides as well as hardware to immobilize the drop side of the crib .
Consumers with questions can contact Dorel Asia at ( 866 ) 762-2304 between 8 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. ET
Monday through Friday or visit the company 's Web site at www.dorel-asia.com.
A huge welcome to Titan Hog Roast Machines .
If you ’re interested in finding out more about a premium brand in hog roasting machines , you ’ve come to the right place !
We have a wealth of experience in hog roasting and all the knowledge you ’ll need to assist you in finding the right roasting machine for your business or occasion .
In total we have 20 plus years in hog roasting , so we know what a machine requires to provide delicious results with ease .
Titan Hog Roasting Machines are made to the highest standards and can be purchased to include everything you need for hog roasting , BBQs and chicken spits .
All our roasting knowledge has been put to good use when designing our machines , ensuring your roasting experience is effortless .
Titan machines are not only designed to provide a perfectly cooked product , but they have been created for ease - of - use whatever the event .
They feature 4 pneumatic tyres , an effective steering system ideal for pulling across grass , and are slim enough to fit through a standard doorway .
The cooking features are n’t everything though .
The visual design of Titan roasting machines is also crucial .
We know that the presentation of a hog roast is hugely important to events caterers , so all our machines have a sharp and sophisticated .
Each of our Titan machines features 2 stainless steel doors , a glass viewing panel and of course the central pole on which a pig can be mounted for roasting .
The spit can be turned by motor or hand to vary speed to suit cooking results and drama .
There ’s plenty of room to carve up the meat right onto the machine too .
As the name would suggest , our Titan machines have an exceptional reputation .
The stainless steel spit pole is solid rather than hollow which allows for a larger loading weight for the biggest pigs .
For outdoor events the Titan comes with a unique wind breaking lid and the wheels can be removed for ease of storage inside the BBQ itself .
Durable , smart and versatile , the Titan hog roasting machine really has it all and is proving a hit with professional caterers across the UK .
Chewbacca Playing Baseball Isnt Normal But On meth Posted by admin
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 13 votes ) Views : 97749
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 13 votes ) Views : 97749
Chewbacca Playing Baseball Is n't Normal .
But On Meth It Is. METH
Not even once .
Tags : movies , star_wars , meth
[ TRAILER REMOVED AT REQUEST OF COPYRIGHT HOLDER ]
We 'll repost it as soon as they let us .
Watch our trailer page here .
The first teaser trailer forhas arrived and it begins , rather appropriately , by asking what you know about the Deathly Hallows .
I do n’t know much , but luckily John Hurt as Mr. Ollivander knows a lot as he narrates the trailer with talk of immortality while the Potter gang looks worried and , occasionally , show up with their hands covered in blood .
Hey , remember when these were kids ’ movies ?
No longer .
This may be similar to the teaser on the Blu - Ray disc , but it seems to be a more official version .
It ’s a fantastic teaser , a great way to whet your appetite for the beginning of the end of the Potter ’s wizarding world on screen .
Check it out below along with high - res screenshots from key scenes .
You ’ve been there .
You know you need more exercise and you are going to do it this time .
You will have no more failed attempts to get yourself in shape .
But you still must choose the form of exercise to do .
You think to yourself that it would be nice to have a program that can be done inside or outside and year - round .
Besides that , you would like a program that does not wear you out but will still work all muscles the in your body .
But wait !
This sounds just like skiing !
Not only that , there are also many types of skiing .
You ’ve seen it : folks riding a chairlift , hopping off , turning and gliding downhill .
They ’re all bundled up in their ski outfits .
Some crash and tumble one or more times before they reach the bottom .
Their skis are raised cockeyed and their face is blasted by a freezing wind .
The downhill skier is the one that mostly comes to mind when someone mentions skiing .
The most popular places we hear of where the world travelers and famous people ski are The Alps , Aspen , Telluride and my Favorite Taos Ski Valley , New Mexico .
We all are excited that skiing has become a wide open sport that many folks can enjoy all year and benefit from it physically too .
It is a beautiful sport to keep your heart healthy .
These ski areas usually have chairlifts that lift you to the top to descend down extreme and not too extreme slopes .
Snow can either be actual or man-made .
No need to worry about getting cold as you will get warm as your activity increases .
The sport is rather easy once you get used to it .
However day one is no walk in the park .
Do not be surprised if you tumble quite often .
It would be wise to take ski lessons and do not be surprised if you find downhill skiing to be rather expensive .
When estimating the cost of a ski trip , one must consider the price of lift tickets , costs for ski site trips , renting or buying the skis , and the ski clothing costs along with sunglasses .
However you probably wo n’t mind the cost once you experience the thrills and fun of skiing – all after you learn to ski of course .
Maybe you would prefer cross-country skiing .
This is much more strenuous then with downhill skiing .
You have no assistance outside of your own in this type of skiing .
You can not get uphill by a chairlift because there are none .
However you probably will not tumble down mountains as steep as with downhill skiing .
The cost is much lower compared to downhill skiing .
You can obtain trail passes and rent the skis at much lower prices .
More than likely you will not need any lessons and if you do they will not cost as much as downhill skiing lessons either .
A type of cross-country skiing that needs a different sort of skis is known as “ skate . ”
While skis make this type of skiing much easier , you can also “ skate ” with traditional skates .
You gain speed by doing the same actual movements as those of ice skating .
The learning curve is not too steep however you must realize that it is tougher than with traditional cross-country skiing and much more physically challenging .
You also need trails broader than with cross-country in order to really enjoy this type of skiing .
Then for those who like thrills , there is a type of skiing in which you can fly into the air from jump slopes prepared exactly for doing just that .
Your endurance and flexibility will be tested on this one .
This type of skiing will definitely put a pinch on your finances just as will alpine skiing .
Alpine skiing is a type of skiing that allows much faster runs with fewer twisted courses .
Snowboarding is known by the skier having one wide ski without poles and it reminds us of surfing .
There is also a type known as ski boarding which has skis used without poles that are shorter and broader .
The ski boarder experiences some of the same thrills as with in - line roller skating or ice skating .
It is much easer to pick up this type of skiing than the traditional types because of a ski board ’s maneuverability .
It is apparent that there is a type of skiing for everyone to enjoy .
If you do not like to be in the cold then cross -country skiing is probably for you .
If you like leaping into the air and hitting the slope with great impact and speed then ski jumping is probably for you .
But be smart about it : invest in some lessons .
Mirpur mistakes will spur UDRS usage - David Morgan
The ICC president believes that the umpiring controversies that marred the third day of the Mirpur Test will help to encourage all cricket boards to embrace the use of the Umpire Decision Review System
Srinigar , Indian - administered Kashmir ( CNN ) -- Indian authorities flooded the streets of Srinagar with security forces Thursday to quell four days of violence sparked by the death of a schoolboy .
Authorities were attempting to disperse anti-India protesters Sunday when a tear gas shell hit the 13 - year - old boy , Whamiq Farooq Wani , in the head and killed him as he played cricket in a stadium , protesters say .
While a formal curfew has not been declared , security forces have been keeping people off the streets .
Police said having security forces deployed has kept down violence over the last four days .
A senior police officer said more than 100 people , including members of the Indian security forces , were wounded in the violent clashes between the Muslim protesters and security forces -- who used tear gas and baton charges to disperse the mobs .
Two young protesters were hit by tear gas and smoke shells in Wednesday 's violence in the old city , and hospital sources said their conditions are serious .
Clashes and incidents of stone - throwing by anti-India protesters continued to be reported from various points in Kashmir Thursday .
Srinagar , the capital city , remained shut along with other towns in protest of the teenaged boy 's death .
Shops , businesses and government offices were closed .
Indian police and paramilitary troops , as well as the Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF ) , erected barricades at road intersections in Srinagar 's old city to cut off pedestrian and vehicular traffic , witnesses said .
" The people were not allowed to go out of their homes to buy milk and other essential items this morning .
The security forces are enforcing tight restrictions in our area , " said resident Ayub Zargarc reached by telephone .
The security restrictions were not as stringent outside the old city , where some vehicular and pedestrian movement was seen on the streets patrolled by the Indian police .
" Barring a few stone - pelting incidents , the overall situation in Kashmir remained peaceful today , " Farooq Ahmad , inspector general of police in the Kashmir zone , told CNN .
Authorities arrested two senior leaders of the pro-dialogue moderate separatist conglomerate All Parties Hurriyat Conference ( APHC ) and placed its chairman , Mirwaiz Moulvi Umar Farooq , under house arrest today , according to police .
Authorities said they were arrested to prevent them from fomenting trouble in the city .
Disney is demanding that actresses auditioning for " Pirates of the Caribbean 4 " must not have breast implants :
The filmmakers sent out a casting call last week seeking " beautiful female fit models .
Must be 5ft7 in - 5ft8 in , size 4 or 6 , no bigger or smaller .
Age 18 - 25 .
Must have a lean dancer body .
Must have real breasts .
Do not submit if you have implants . "
I want to know if this is good or bad for feminism .
Doublex , how is it possible that you have ignored this story ?
Since 2010 when I originally wrote this piece sharing my personal journey , our life has taken a completely different course .
Because of this piece and all the comments and interactions , I realized where my strengths are with writing for the first time .
Sharing my personal experience was so profound that I decided to keep doing everything I had done the same way in the future .
I wrote a completely different book in July of 2010 .
The new direction while at first was still geared toward helping people work from home , the topic of writing was not .
I wrote a 29 page book sharing my experience of living with my husband who had been diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) , which led to turning it into a fully - published 320 page book .
Showing you a bit of the story is probably easiest so you can see how this turn of events played out .
Excerpt from " The War at Home : One Family 's Fight Against PTSD " by Shawn J. Gourley , pg 172 .
Reading over the letter , I started to wonder if I could n’t share my story about living with PTSD as a way of helping other spouses understand the situation the same way my stories about Xbox machine repair were helping people learn about that .
I was n’t thinking of making money off people ’s pain .
In my heart , I just wanted to help them get informed .
More than that , I thought my situation with Justin and my writing ability put me in a position where I could really help people know what could actually happen if PTSD goes untreated so they could get help quicker .
I never wanted anyone else to go through the hell I had .
I also thought it would be another way to get my name out there as a work - from - home expert because many spouses living with people who have PTSD are forced to work - from - home , just like I had been .
As much as I wanted to help them , I was also hoping to keep money coming into our house so that we could stay afloat .
It was a fine line to walk between making money off PTSD and trying to keep my other job going , so I decided I would write and give away a free book about my PTSD experiences to make absolutely certain that I was n’t crossing that line .
Giving the book away as a digital download was the only way I knew to provide it free to the masses without spending a lot of extra money to print copies to give away .
And besides that , a download would be instant , and I would n’t have the same hassles with shipping stuff out as I did with the Xbox machines that I repaired .
I took Justin ’s PTSD stressor letter and my letter and combined them into one to make up the contents of the free book .
In July 2010 I started making a Facebook Fan page and named it Military with PTSD™ .
I really did n’t know what to expect when I started the page .
I thought maybe I ’d find more women like me who were tired of fighting with their vets and tired of fighting the VA to get help .
But I suspected that there would be a lot of anger , so I thought I had better set things up right to take care of it .
I laid out some very specific ground rules for this page .
Firstly and most importantly , this was a place to give away my free book .
Secondly , I wanted to help spouses prepare for when their members of the armed forces came home and give them an understanding of what could really happen , so there would be no selling or solicitations of any kind on the page .
Thirdly , the page would be open so spouses could talk and get support from one another .
Lastly , as rule for myself , I was n’t going to hide the side of me who was an Internet marketer , just to make sure people did n’t think I was trying to sneak my way into selling them something .
I wrote the free book and started giving it out in October of 2010 .
Although I was hoping to help spouses work from home , my intentions changed when I realized that my free mini- book had such an impact on people when they read it .
They asked me to please turn it into a full book and add my husband 's side of the story .
I knew then I had found my purpose , and it was n't teaching people how to work from home , but rather using my personal experience to help other families .
So we did what was asked while still keeping the writing style the exact same for both my husband 's side and mine .
Our book " The War At Home : One Family 's Fight Against PTSD " was published in September 2011 .
Since that time , we have also founded the Indiana non profit Military with PTSD in 2012 and became a 501c3 in July 2014 with over 90,000 members on our Facebook page .
This whole journey has taught me more than anything how a personal story can keep us from feeling alone .
Most of the work I do for Military with PTSD is about sharing my personal story .
" Lots of times the families will go down to Kinko's , " the funeral director tells me .
" They can do a memorial folder thing down there . "
Do you help them get photos off Flickr , off Facebook ?
" We do n't really help with that . "
Advertisement
* * *
The old woman looks up from her brush pile .
" My husband has to redo that roof every year . "
Her husband is crawling around their roof , sweeping pine needles from the angles to the ground below .
" We 've been here fifty years .
You see these two pines ? "
They 're impossible to miss , at least eighty feet tall .
" When we moved in to this house we planted those . "
Advertisement
* * *
The second of June , a couple of years back .
A 27 - year - old man is biking in downtown Eugene , Oregon .
David 's a clumsy , funny man .
Easy to love .
Lived here his whole life .
He 's unsure of what he 's going to do with his Bachelor 's in Environmental Studies — maybe become an activist ?— but for now he 's managing this restaurant that also does live music and maybe it's not what he wants to do forever , but it 's pretty great right now .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
He turns on to 13th & Willamette , but so does the woman in the car .
* * *
A grey wedge juts from the side of an Arctic island , a stark entrance to a stone vault .
It is quiet under the snowy mountain .
Beneath the rock that shelters the vault there are rows of cabinets , each a berth for tens of thousands of sleeping seeds .
Advertisement
* * *
I sit in my living room , thumbing through a notebook full of her poems .
They 're old poems , from back when she was going through that first really awful breakup .
Themes repeat .
Learn to live in the moment , she writes to herself .
Then its corollary :
Who will remember me ?
Advertisement
" Why did you want me to read those ? " I ask her later .
" Because you asked why I have a fear of commitment , " she says .
Now I look out the window at my neighbor 's two tall pines .
The top of one comes to a point , then goes on for another ten scrubby feet , as if a smaller tree is growing from the crown of a larger one .
Advertisement
" Do you know how your ears pop at altitude ? " says her poem .
" Sometimes I can feel the change of pressure in my heart . "
* * *
Friends gather at David Minor 's Myspace page , sharing shock and grief .
The page is n't decorated for a wake .
David 's profile picture is of the kid from Growing Pains that was n't Kirk Cameron .
His last status update says he is " at werk dreamin of hot tubs " .
Advertisement
She 's made a ghost bike for him , painted a thick - pipe commuter bike white with spray paint .
Going to leave it on the corner , chained to a lamp post .
She posts a time on David 's Myspace page , lets her friends know when to gather .
Word spreads .
She 's pushing the bike down the street , surrounded by hundreds of mourners .
They saw her message on his Myspace page .
They walk by the bike , tossing down flowers and photographs and messages to David .
She did n't expect this .
Advertisement
* * *
She 's driving me to the bank .
My car 's busted and I have to get money for the mechanic .
" It 's over on Willamette , " I tell her .
" It 's sort of across from that Kinko's . "
She does n't know where the Kinko's is , she says .
Advertisement
The Kinko's is huge , unmissable with its backlit purple awning .
It 's on the corner of 13th & Willamette .
I 'd never noticed the ghost bike before .
It 's nearly invisible , surrounded by flowers maintained by his parents , who still visit nearly every night .
Advertisement
David 's Myspace page is still online .
His friends still stop by , leaving messages , telling David they had a glass of bourbon in his honor .
But most of them have moved on to Facebook .
* * *
The Cloud is just the internet .
And the internet is just a bunch of hard drives .
The internet is really good at replicating discrete bits of self - contained data .
There are probably a few million copies of any given Loretta Lynn song out on all the hard drives of the world , because lots of people care about Loretta Lynn .
Advertisement
But my photos on Flickr only live on a few hard drives in the world .
The hard drives in the database servers .
The hard drives in the networked - attached storage devices that are used to backup the database servers .
A few of the pictures are on my friends ' hard drives , but not most of them , and certainly not the complete collection .
When I die my Flickr Pro account will expire and a large percentage of my photos — girlfriends , family , vacations , my dog — will disappear from public view .
They 'll sit on Flickr 's hard drives until Flickr goes out of business or loses the data .
Advertisement
Someone might send Flickr my death certificate , prove that I 'm gone .
Flickr might even give them access to those photos , should one of my friends even think to gain it .
But more likely no one will even think to look .
Part of my trivial legacy will go dark , sleeping quietly on a handful of hard drives .
* * *
She hands me a manila envelope , tipping it to spill old slides and prints into my hands .
" Have you scanned these in ? " I ask .
" I do n't know how , " she says .
" Then they do n't exist , " I reply .
It 's bedroom - level profundity , but I surprise myself by believing it more than a little bit .
Advertisement
I pick up a photo of her father .
He 's spread out on a bed with his shirt off , his infant daughter sleeping in a bundle on the floor beside him .
The little tab in the corner of the print says " 1982 " .
" My mom never liked having that picture of him in the album , " she says .
" She thought he looked too sexy . "
I tilt the picture in my hands just a bit until I can see the scratches on the matte surface .
There are hundreds of little indentions , tracks from fingernails showing the many times the photo has been held .
Advertisement
When we scan this picture in those scuffs will disappear .
The rest of the world will see only the young , bearded man smiling in some sepia living room .
They 'll increment the file 's viewcount by one , leaving their own perfect hash mark .
It wo n't be the same as the photo I 'm holding in my hands , shifting in the light to read its physical metadata , but it wo n't be inferior , either .
* * *
Today , 10.22 billion miles from our sun , a golden phonograph with a badly laid - out label holds a message from Jimmy Carter to the rest of the universe .
Advertisement
* * *
She and David dated , sort of .
It was an on - again , off - again thing .
They both grew up here .
Everybody dates everybody eventually .
It was confusing .
It always is .
Advertisement
One mistake , a broken condom or just a drunken infelicity ... who knows ?
There could have been a kid .
Not a copy .
Better than a copy .
A mix .
The only thing that , before we invented culture , we ever passed on .
Our stupid , maniacal genes .
Us but not us .
Our bodies and brains , but not our thoughts .
Not our art , but our brush .
We 've made a lot of brushes .
* * *
Chances are we 'll each be lost to time .
100 billion people have been born before us .
Most of them no longer exist as individuals in our memories .
No names .
Faces only reflected in our own and not in any way that really matters .
Advertisement
But not us .
We might be remembered forever .
All our Twitter updates , our email , our Vimeo movies , our Xbox Live profiles , our wormy FourSquare maps .
They wo n't be important .
Not to most people , anyway .
But they 'll be there if the sysadmins take care of us , if the corporations and machines to whom we 've entrusted our records do not fail or are not destroyed .
We wo n't matter to most .
But our memories will be cataloged , indexed , made available along with our stories , our names .
$ viewcount ++.
Advertisement
* * *
Somewhere in the future , a picture of David Minor — in jeans and a tie , face beatific under a studio light , sleeves rolled up to expose the Eugene Debs quote tattooed on his arm — is berthed in a database table in off - system storage , waiting to be remade .
Advertisement
Memory [ Forever ] is our week - long consideration of what it really means when our memories , encoded in bits , flow in a million directions , and might truly live forever .
This story has been translated to Belorussian .
Kate Beaton
I feel you have to take early Roman historians with a grain of salt but nevertheless , please enjoy
For those of you going to There are some funny things , in the Life Of Nero .
Pretty well all accounts of how Nero went about murdering his mother are hilarious in their own right - collapsible boat , anyone ? - and the notion that he thought her ghost was after him is also good ( as you can see by the comic ) .
Nero 's neck beard is perhaps imperial action on a weak chin in the same way George IV 's high collars were an action on double chins .
I feel you have to take early Roman historians with a grain of salt but nevertheless , please enjoy this account of Nero by Suetonius , where on no uncertain terms
Nero is described as stinky , with a pot belly and a mullet , and generally gross in person .
For those of you going to Emerald City in Seattle next weekend , you can find me with the Topatoco crew .
Store !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
BAE
Systems will admit two criminal charges and pay fines of £ 286 m to settle US and UK probes into the firm .
It will hand over more than £ 250 m to the US , which accused BAE of " wilfully misleading " it over payments made as the firm tried to win contracts .
The defence group will pay about £ 30 m in the UK - a record criminal corporate fine - for separate wrongdoings .
The firm said the pleas did not relate to accusations of corruption or bribery but that it " regretted " shortcomings .
BBC business editor Robert Peston said that pleading guilty to criminal charges in Britain and the US was " a serious embarrassment " to BAE , the UK 's largest manufacturer .
The US Department of Justice 's charge is serious and damaging to BAE 's reputation
Robert Peston
Read Robert 's blog However , he added : " Although the fines will be seen by some as damaging to one of the UK's most significant companies , BAE 's directors are relieved at what they see as a final settlement of a controversy that has dogged the company for years . "
' Anti-bribery failures ' US and UK authorities have been investigating the case for about eight years , and it is believed to be the first time the two countries have co-ordinated such a corporate corruption " plea bargain " .
THE STORY SO FAR ...
The biggest probe into BAE focused on a £ 43bn contract to supply more than 100 fighter jets to Saudi Arabia .
The deal began in 1985 but a National Audit Office investigation was suppressed in 1992
The SFO launched an investigation in 2004 into the allegations - including claims BAE was running a " slush fund " that offered sweeteners to Saudi royals and their intermediaries in return for lucrative contracts
This was dropped two years later amid political pressure from the UK and Saudi Arabia .
BAE always denied any wrongdoing
In June 2007 , BAE said it was being investigated by the US authorities over deals with Saudi Arabia
In July 2008 , BAE pledged to implement recommendations from an independent review into its conduct
The SFO began new probes into whether BAE had used corruption to win contracts from countries including Tanzania , the Czech Republic and South Africa .
Last year it asked the Attorney General to prosecute BAE as the sides could not agree what the firm would admit or the fine to be paid
Timeline : BAE Systems
How are arms deals done ?
End of the story ?
In a deal with the US Department of Justice ( DoJ ) , BAE admitted a charge of conspiring to make false statements to the US government .
A charge filed in a District of Columbia court contains details of substantial secret payments by BAE to an unnamed person who helped the UK firm sell plane leases to the Hungarian and Czech governments .
The DoJ also details services such as holidays provided to an unnamed Saudi public official and cash transfers to a Swiss bank account that it says were linked to the £ 40 bn Al - Yamamah contract to supply military equipment to Saudi Arabia .
The DoJ gave a damning condemnation of BAE , which it said had accepted " intentionally failing to put appropriate , anti-bribery preventative measures in place " , despite telling the US government that these steps had been taken .
It then " made hundreds of millions of dollars in payments to third parties , while knowing of a high probability that money would be passed on to foreign government decision - makers to favour BAE in the award of defence contracts " , the DoJ said .
There was also an infringement of restrictions on the supply of sensitive US technology in deals to supply aircraft in Hungary and the Czech Republic .
BAE has also reached agreement with the UK Serious Fraud Office ( SFO ) to plead guilty to a breach of duty to keep accounting records .
The British charge stems from a $ 39.5 m ( £ 25.2 m ) contract signed in 1999 to supply a radar system to Tanzania , and relates to payments to a former marketing adviser in the east African country .
Part of the fine will be a charity payment which will go to Tanzania .
' Line drawn '
The SFO said the settlement brought an end to its probe into BAE .
The last of the offences was committed in 2002 , and BAE says it has since reformed the way it conducts business .
" We 're satisfied with that global settlement , " said chairman Dick Olver .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It allows us to draw a very heavy line under the legacy , the historical issues .
We 're obviously pleased to see uncertainty removed for our shareholders . "
Transparency International UK , which campaigns against corporate and government corruption welcomed the announcement .
" It 's important for companies to receive large fines if they have engaged in unethical behaviour , " said executive director Chandrashekhar Krishnan .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
THE first " super teachers " on salaries of almost $ 100,000 a year have started work in public schools under a landmark performance pay deal aimed at radically lifting classroom quality .
Luisa Bosco , 33 , is among an initial intake of 13 superior teachers , known as HATS or highly accomplished teachers , appointed to new - style leadership roles .
After a rigorous selection process they are handed remuneration packages 20 per cent above the highest rate of pay , encouraging them to continue teaching in public schools .
Ms Bosco , based at Macquarie Fields High School in Sydney 's south - west , has a two - year mission to boost the learning environment and improve students in one of the city 's most disadvantaged communities .
While taking her Year 12 students for English , she will liaise with the local university and other schools , work with Aboriginal students , hold leadership meetings , help colleagues in other classes and communicate with parents .
While she has worked at Macquarie Fields for nine years , Ms Bosco sees her new role as a chance to promote the school 's image .
" It is breaking down the stereotypes and generalisations in the community , " she said .
" I am so proud of this school .
When I walk down the street I talk to people and tell them how fantastic it is . "
Federal Education Minister Julia Gillard claimed the performance pay scheme would " bring back the spirit to disadvantaged schools " .
Education chiefs expect the benefits of the pioneering program to rub off on Macquarie Fields High and on four other local schools with which it has formal ties - Macquarie Fields Public , St Andrews Public , Elizabeth Macarthur High and Leumeah High .
Top teachers are being bankrolled under the Rudd Government 's education revolution , part of a $ 720 million Commonwealth funding package along with $ 237 million in state money .
More than 100 teachers ultimately will apply for the $ 98,000 positions .
Originally published as First super teachers in classroom
A newfound pair of ancient , supermassive black holes may lift the veil on how stars and galaxies form , a new study says .
That 's because the black holes , which belong to a special group known as quasars , are what astronomers are calling the first " immaculate " — and thus unobscured by dust clouds — quasars ever found .
Quasars lie at the hearts of galaxies , and are thousands to millions of times more massive than stellar black holes , which are created when huge stars die .
( See black hole pictures . )
Quasars also emit enormous amounts of light , making them detectable even from the very edge of the observable universe .
Because it takes billions of years for light to reach us from the edge of the visible universe , the data we receive from these regions actually allows scientists to look back in time .
But most quasars — which were " conceived " less than a billion years after the big bang — are also surrounded by doughnut - shaped clouds of dust and gas that make observations difficult , said study co-author Dean Hines , an astronomer at the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colorado .
Immaculate Black Holes Confirm Theories
Scientists had predicted the existence of quasars J0005- 0006 and J0303-0019 , but the black holes were spotted only recently by NASA 's infrared Spitzer Space Telescope .
According to galatic - evolution theories , the youngest and most primitive quasars should be dust free , because the stars in their galaxies have n't had time to grow old yet , Hines said .
The primordial universe also would n't have contained the molecules necessary to form dust .
Indeed , the Spitzer telescope registers quasar dust clouds as unique infrared signals — conspicuously missing from the newly discovered black holes .
" The fact that these two quasars do n't have dust means our theories are n't broken , " Hines said .
" If it turned out that all the quasars found at the beginning of the universe were dusty , that would be hard to explain . "
The largest gay - rights advocacy group in New Jersey has announced it will no longer give money to the Democratic Party .
The move follows the state legislature ’s failure last month to legalize gay marriage and amid growing signs that the effort to repeal “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” is already faltering .
“ No political party has a record good enough on LGBT civil rights that it can rightfully claim to be entitled to our money on a party - wide basis , ” said the chairman of Garden State Equality , Steven Goldstein , as quoted at Politicker NJ.com .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ No longer will we let any political party take our money and volunteers with one hand , and slap us in the face with the other when we seek full equality , ” Goldstein added .
Garden State Equality ’s declaration comes amid mounting frustration in the gay community over President Barack Obama ’s approach to gay - rights issues .
While the president has repeatedly promised to repeal the gay military ban and has opposed the Defense of Marriage Act , activists are growing disillusioned with the administration ’s slow - paced approach to enacting legislation that would advance gay rights .
The change in policy is not officially targeted at the Democrats , as the group says it plans to stop donating to all political parties .
But since Demcorats received the vast majority of donations , the ban will mostly affect the Democratic Party .
“ Is this a broadside at the Democratic Party ? ” asked Goldstein .
“ Of course it is . ”
From now on , Garden State Equality will only donate to individual candidates who support gay rights , and to organizations that support gay marriage and other gay - rights initiatives .
ADVERTISEMENT
And the group is urging its 65,000 members to do the same , the Associated Press reports .
Gay - rights blogger John Aravosis says he expects this to become a trend in other states , as the effort to repeal the military ’s “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy appears to be faltering just a few weeks after President Barack Obama pledged in his State of the Union address to work with lawmakers this year to repeal the law .
“ Things are only going to get worse when , come this November , the community and our allies see that Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell has n’t been repealed , even though the President promised in his State of the Union that it would be , and even though [ US House Rep . ]
Barney [ Frank ] said that it would be this spring , ” Aravosis wrote at AmericaBlog .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I suspect we ’ll see other state gay rights groups follow NJ ’s lead , ” Aravosis wrote .
But Garden State Equality points to issues closer to home for its decision to stop donating to the Democratic Party .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last month , New Jersey ’s state Senate voted down a measure that would have legalized gay marriage , with a number of Democrats siding against the proposed law .
“ With the exception of Speaker ( Shelia ) Oliver , who has had a long record of being a champion of equality , nobody in the Democratic Party ’s leadership reached out to us , ” Goldstein said .
According to the Associated Press , Garden State Equality had expected the measure to pass , but the election of Republican Chris Christie last fall to the governor ’s office weakened support for the measure when it came up for a vote in January .
ADVERTISEMENT
Garden State Equality estimates it has given some $ 500,000 to the Democratic Party since 2005 .
Published in : censorship - china
Amazon owned IMDB.com , a popular web database of movies and actors , is no longer accessible from China .
Why China Blocked IMDB
While there has been no official comment on why the IMDB site was blocked inside China , rumors on Twitter suggest that this documentary on the Dalai Lama and Tibet may have been the main reason for the block .
The film talks about Tibetans living in exile and their struggle to free Tibet .
The film also contains scenes from Chinese occupied Lhasa ( Tibet ’s capital ) and all this may have been enough for the censors in China to put IMDB behind the red firewall .
Other popular websites that are currently blocked in China include Facebook , YouTube , Flickr , Tumblr and Twitter .
Wikipedia is only partially banned in China .
URL
Reports
Chinese ISP
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
Chinanet Shanghai Province Network
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
Chinanet Sichuan Province Network
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
Beijing Sohu New Era Technology Information Co Ltd
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
Cnc Group Beijing Province Network
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
China Mobile Communications Corporation - Jiangsu
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
Jinan Suyucivil Drugstore Co Ltd
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
Chinanet Shanghai Province Network
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
China Telecom
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
Chinanet Shanghai Province Network
www.imdb.com
inaccessible
Chinanet Beijing Province Network
MATT TAIBBI
Rolling Stone
February 19 , 2010
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
On January 21st , Lloyd Blankfein left a peculiar voicemail message on the work phones of his employees at Goldman Sachs .
Fast becoming America ’s pre-eminent Marvel Comics supervillain , the CEO used the call to deploy his secret weapon : a pair of giant , nuclear - powered testicles .
In his message , Blankfein addressed his plan to pay out gigantic year - end bonuses amid widespread controversy over Goldman ’s role in precipitating the global financial crisis .
The bank had already set aside a tidy $ 16.2 billion for salaries and bonuses — meaning that Goldman employees were each set to take home an average of $ 498,246 , a number roughly commensurate with what they received during the bubble years .
Still , the troops were worried :
There were rumors that Dr. Ballsachs , bowing to political pressure , might be forced to scale the number back .
After all , the country was broke , 14.8 million Americans were stranded on the unemployment line , and Barack Obama and the Democrats were trying to recover the populist high ground after their bitch - whipping in Massachusetts by calling for a “ bailout tax ” on banks .
Maybe this was n’t the right time for Goldman to be throwing its annual Roman bonus orgy .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
In a previous post I wrote about how easy it was to use Nokia ’s N900 out of the box .
Today I ’ll give you just a taste of what ’s possible when you unlock the its full potential as handheld Linux computer .
Hint :
All you have to do to get started is activate the Extras - devel software catalog …
Firefox Mobile :
You do n’t even have to activate any extra repos to enjoy the Maemo - optimized version of Firefox — getting it is as simple as clicking on the Maemo Select shortcut on your home screen ; Firefox should be front and centre at the resulting site .
This mobilized Firefox offers a number of improvements over the stock MicroB browser , including the clever implementation of tabbed browsing shown above .
Getting to the tab menu is as simple as “ pulling ” the page to the right ; pulling it to the left reveals another menu for settings .
Firefox seems to render pages about as fast as the default Maemo browser , and does a better job of fitting them to the N900 ’s 800 pixel - wide screen .
But a major disappointment is that there are only limited plug-ins available , and not the vast library of add - ons that the desktop version of Firefox enjoys .
Claws Email :
Though Mozilla ’s other big project is noticeably absent on the N900 , another excellent email client is available — it ’s called Claws .
Here ’s how Claws displays my Ovi Mail IMAP account , complete with all the mail folders I set up on the web .
As you can see I do n’t use my Ovi Mail account very much , so there ’s no need to spam me , is there ?
And here ’s the very same account accessed through the default Maemo client .
The extra mail folders are there , but I have to scroll down to the next screen to see them .
I prefer Claws ’ more complete default view ; others may prefer the cleaner presentation of the default app .
There ’s never anything wrong with choice …
AbiWord :
It ’s almost a cruel joke that Nokia includes a read - only version of Documents To Go on the N900 when you consider that AbiWord , a fully - featured word processor , is just a few extra clicks away .
As you can see above , lots of options for rich text are on offer .
And while I could n’t get a screen grab of the save window , you can rest assured that AbiWord offers full support for a wide range of document formats , from .doc to .pdf to OpenOffice .odt files .
Now all we need is a Maemo 5 port of Gnumeric for spreadsheets .
Since there ’s already a version for previous - gen tablets that should n’t be too hard , should it ?
As stated off the top of the post , this is but a taste of the wondrous FLOSS apps available for the N900 .
If there ’s something specific that you ’re looking for leave me a comment below and I ’ll see if it ’s available …
Deep inside Siberia there is a lake , one of thousands others .
And in the middle of this lake there is a small island .
And on this island people have found an ancient fortress , which is dated more than 1500 years old .
Excavations are needed in order to reveal all its view for visitors , but even now from the air its a nice site in different times of the year .
First part of photos were made during short Siberian summer :
And here are the photos from the winter :
And these photos were made in April .
In April in Siberia there is still a lot of snow , but ice on some lakes already melted .
via Por-Bajin.ru
Point B explores the development of modern alternative sports through the example of Parkour .
In Parkour traceurs move through their environment from Point A to Point B , attempting to pass any physical obstacle in their path .
But like tracuers , emerging sports face a series of obstacles along their path of development .
What is Parkour ’s Point B ?
Please Hit
Folks ,
This is a Free Site and will ALWAYS stay that way .
But the only way I offset my expenses is through the donations of my readers .
PLEASE Consider Making a Donation to Keep This Site Going .
SO HIT THE TIP JAR ( it 's on the left - hand column ) .
Health care reform passed in the House of Representatives last night .
A bloc of pro-life Democrats gave the party the 219 over 212 votes needed to enact the health insurance overhaul previously accepted in the Senate .
Thirty - four Democrats voted against the measure .
The House also voted 220 to 211 to support a “ reconciliation ” bill that intends to fix those provisions in the Senate bill that House Democrats oppose .
The Senate is expected to begin debate on these “ fixes ” Tuesday ; the earliest day that the President Obama might sign the original legislation .
The president addressed the nation after House Democrats managed to steer reform through Congress .
He praised Democrats for rising “ above the weight of our politics ” and declared that , “ We proved that this government — a government of the people and by the people — still works for the people . ”
This in spite of staunch and solid Republican opposition to health - care reform , Tea Party protests outside the Capitol on the day of the debate , and a mounting nationwide disapproval of both the president and his party .
Obama boasted that he “ pushed back on the undue influence of special interests , ” yet both House Democrats and House Republicans complained about the numerous provisions in the Senate bill that must be filtered out through “ reconciliation ” before it can become law .
Obama claimed that reform “ incorporates ideas from both parties , ” but Republicans have repeatedly denied that .
They say that none of their proposals ; none of their suggestions have been considered by the majority party , let alone brought to a vote .
Nonetheless , according to the president , health - care reform is a “ victory for the American people .
And it ’s a victory for common sense . ”
More than anything , the speech spoke volumes on the president ’s ill - conceived notion of individual rights .
“ What this day represents , ” he said , “ is another stone firmly laid in the foundation of the American Dream . ”
The same dream that stresses personal ability and personal responsibility ?
That dream of life , liberty and the right to property ?
That dream which limites government ’s power to the protection of man ’s rights , lest it become destructive to those very ends ?
Thomas Jefferson wrote , “ To every man from his own industry , ” not , “ From each according to his ability , to each according to his need , ” Mr President !
Obama complained that the current system “ works for insurance companies , but not for ordinary people , ” neglecting to consider the government obstructionism that has driven up health - care costs in recent years .
More government wo n’t fix health care then , yet the president announced that he will rein in “ the worst excesses and abuses of the insurance industry ” — with more government .
Those currently without insurance will be given “ a chance to be a part of a big purchasing pool that will give you choice and competition and cheaper prices for insurance . ”
In spite of Speaker Nancy Pelosi ’s modern day trust busting , Obama does understand that competition provides the best service at the lowest of costs .
Yet not “ excessive ” competition , of course !
The free market works , but it must be tamed .
It ’s the all too familiar mantra of today ’s antagonists of capitalism .
The president concluded his remarks by stating that “ this is n’t radical reform . ”
This legislation , he said , “ will not fix everything that ails our health care system .
But it moves us decisively in the right direction .
This is what change looks like . ”
It happened to me : I nearly died after feeding my cat toast
Last year , cat - lover Graham Forster , a 50 - year - old property developer who lives in Streatham , south - west London , was accidentally bitten by his Burmese cat while giving him a treat at breakfast .
Later that day , he was so ill his wife took him to hospital , where he ended up fighting for his life .
Blood - poisoning : Graham Forster , 50 , nearly died after he was accidentally bitten by his Burmese cat , Chedi
One morning last August , my wife , Carolina , and I decided to have breakfast in bed .
As usual , Chedi and Yani , our affectionate and good - natured Burmese cats , were stretched out on the duvet asleep .
They stirred when Carolina brought in a tray with tea and toast , and Chedi , as usual , plonked himself on my lap .
I had recently got into the bad habit of letting him nibble the last piece of crust of my toast out of my hand .
Chedi went for his treat rather over - enthusiastically and his jaws clamped around my left thumb .
This was not accompanied by a hiss , growl or any other sign that he was being malicious , he just seemed very keen for his bit of toast .
The pain in my thumb was piercing - as though someone were sticking pins in it .
I pushed Chedi off the bed and yelled a few choice expletives at him .
When I looked at my thumb , there were just two tiny puncture marks but no blood .
I went for a shower and made a point of washing my hands well with soap , but there was very little damage , so off I went to work .
I 'm pretty hands - on when doing up properties to sell , so often get finger injuries .
The big mistake I made in this case , I later found out , was that I should have tried to make the wounds bleed , because this cleans the damaged area .
My thumb throbbed all day , but it seemed silly to make a fuss about what seemed like nothing .
However , by 5 pm , the throbbing was getting worse and I was quite alarmed to see that my thumb had turned an odd shade of grey .
The pain was now getting really bad in my wrist too - it felt as though it was penetrating deep into the joint .
Suddenly , my heart - rate seemed to shoot up - I could feel it beating very fast , and I started sweating and felt very nauseous , which was frightening because I was on my own .
I called my GP , who told me to get to his surgery quickly .
It was rush hour , so the short journey took me around 25 minutes , and I was feeling so unwell I really should n't have been driving .
Somehow I got to the surgery and was prescribed antibiotics and painkillers , which I shovelled down as soon as the pharmacist handed them over .
The pharmacist took one look at me and said , ' If you 're not feeling any better in three hours , you must go to hospital . '
When I got home , Carolina was so shocked by the way I looked that she drove me straight to St George 's Hospital in Tooting .
When we arrived , I was expecting a wait but was seen almost immediately .
This was just as well , as the nurse remarked that my blood pressure was very low .
I heard her call for a doctor urgently , but then her voice seemed far away and I blacked out .
Next thing I knew , I had come to and was being sick .
I could n't open my eyes at first but , when I did , I could see about ten people working on me , cutting my clothes off , inserting needles and attaching electric pads to my chest .
From what I could gather , they thought I was about to have a heart attack .
Carolina looked ashen , but I kept saying to her , ' Do n't worry ...
It 's only a cat bite . '
Someone explained that I 'd gone into toxic shock .
This meant that there was poison in my system , which they had to stop from getting to my heart .
You name it , I was connected up to it : there were wires coming from my chest , intravenous antibiotics , morphine .
I thought nothing of it when he clamped his jaws round my thumb .
Then it went grey and pain shot up my arm .
Next thing I knew I 'd gone into toxic shock
I was n't frightened , though , because the morphine was cocooning me very nicely from what was going on and making me feel very laid back .
But I did think , ' Is this really what a cat can do ? '
I managed to ask one of the doctors what would have happened had I not come to hospital when I did and he said , ' You have septicaemia - blood poisoning - you 'd have been dead within two hours ...'
Now it seemed the concern was that my thumb might have to be amputated .
The doctors talked about the possibility of amputating from the wrist and someone said that they wanted to keep my elbow , but might have to amputate from there , because if the poison travelled to my shoulder , it could reach my heart via the main arteries in the arm .
In my drugged - up haze , I wondered how on earth I could work without a thumb - or an elbow , for that matter .
Thankfully , I was so sedated I just went into a blissful sleep .
The following day , I had surgery to clean out my thumb .
I could n't see what was going on thank goodness , but I could hear a kind of scraping sound as they removed the poison .
The day after , I had two more operations as there were still ' grey spots ' on the thumb , which indicated there was still some poison there .
But I was n't out of the woods quite yet , because my blood pressure was all over the place , and , despite all the painkillers , I was in dreadful pain .
However , I rallied fairly quickly and , on day four , I was told that my condition had stabilised enough so that I would be able to go home the following day .
By now I was feeling considerably better , although very weak .
Feeling incredibly grateful that the skill of the surgeon had saved my now pink and healthy - looking thumb - and , indeed , my life - I looked forward to resting for a couple of weeks , but I wondered how I would feel when I saw Chedi again .
When I arrived home , he was sitting at the top of the stairs staring at me dolefully , almost as if he knew he had done something wrong .
Many of our family and friends cannot believe that I have n't had him put down , but why would I ?
He 's my old friend .
In any case , I felt that it was my fault for getting into that situation in the first place , feeding the cat my breakfast and not really watching what I was doing .
Our vet later told us that this was the first time he had heard of anything like this happening , but added , ' A cat 's mouth is a most unpleasant place ...'
I still give Chedi the corners of crust from my toast - the only difference now is that I take my hand away very quickly indeed ...
eso9706 — Science Release
The Biggest Star in the Sky
An international team of astronomers has used large telescopes in Chile and Australia to measure the biggest star in the sky .
The star , designated R Doradus , is of the so - called red giant type and is located in the southern constellation of Dorado .
Its apparent diameter ( i.e. , the size which the star appears to have when seen from the Earth ) is larger than any other so far observed , except for the Sun .
In particular , it exceeds by more than 30 % that of Betelgeuse , which for the past 75 years has held the title of star with the largest apparent size .
Measuring sizes of stars
Measuring the sizes of stars is very difficult due to their enormous distances .
For example , if our Sun were placed at the distance of the next closest star ( four light - years away ) , it would have about the same apparent size as a DM 1 ( or US quarter - dollar ) coin placed at a distance of 500 km ( about 0.01 arcsec ) .
Even for the most powerful astronomical telescopes , it is a very challenging task to measure such small angles .
Ideally , the angular resolution of a telescope ( its capability to resolve fine details in celestial sources ) increases with its diameter .
In practice , although ground - based optical telescopes now have diameters up to 10 metres , their actual resolution of visual light is that of a telescope of only about 20 centimetres aperture .
This is because of the constant turbulence in the Earth 's atmosphere .
This turbulence causes the stars to twinkle in a way which delights the poets but frustrates the astronomers , since it blurs the fine details of the images .
The first , and largest , star apart from the Sun to have its diameter measured was Betelgeuse , the brightest star in the constellation of Orion .
Its angular diameter was found to be 0.044 arcsec by Albert Michelson and his team who used the Hooker telescope on Mt. Wilson in California in the early 1920s , pioneering interferometry techniques .
Betelgeuse kept its title as the star with the largest apparent size for the next 75 years .
This title has now been taken by R Doradus .
R Doradus is a variable star in the constellation of Dorado ( the Swordfish ) , located in the far southern sky .
At a distance of about 200 light years it is relatively nearby .
R Doradus is a variable star with a period of about 338 days , changing its magnitude from approximately 4.8 at maximum ( when it is visible with the unaided eye ) to 6.6 at minimum ( when it requires a small telescope ) .
Interferometry at the NTT
In August 1993 , the team of astronomers [ 1 ] pointed the ESO 3.5 - metre New Technology Telescope ( NTT ) towards R Doradus .
For these observations , the NTT was covered with an opaque mask with seven holes arranged on a 3.3 - metre diameter circle .
Each of these holes had a diameter of 25 cm , which was smaller than the cells of turbulence in the atmosphere above .
The main motivation for using the mask was to suppress the effects of the turbulence and in this way restore the full resolution capability of the NTT [ 2 ] .
The seven light beams from a star were brought to interfere with each other at the telescope 's focus .
Each pair of holes in the mask produced a fringe pattern in the image of the star , so at any moment there were 21 distinct fringe patterns .
A camera in the focal plane recorded these fringes , their contrast being determined during subsequent computer analysis .
A star which is very far away will appear too small for its disk to be resolved by the telescope .
All of the 21 fringes will then have approximately the same contrast .
On the other hand , if the star is closer by and has a perceptible size , the contrast of the fringe patterns will be reduced for widely separate mask holes .
By comparing the fringe contrast of the target star with that of a more distant , unresolved star , it is then possible to estimate the size of the target .
The present NTT observations were made at infrared wavelengths ( 1.25 microns ) with the SHARP camera , developed by the Max - Planck Institut for Extraterrestrial Physics ( Garching , Germany ) .
Several hundred very short exposures of R Doradus were made , each lasting 0.1 second ( this is short enough to freeze the 21 fringe patterns in each exposure ) .
Immediately thereafter , a similar series of observations was made of an unresolved calibrator ' star ( Gamma Reticuli ) .
This procedure was repeated several times , producing thousands of images to be analysed .
Additional observations were made in 1995 with the NTT as well as the 3.9 -m Anglo - Australian Telescope at Siding Spring ( Australia ) .
These observations , and the application of different interferometric data analysis techniques to similar data sets , confirmed the results of the earlier ones .
The results
The results clearly showed that R Doradus is extended , having an angular diameter of 0.057 +- 0.005 arcsec ( assuming that the star appears as a uniform disk ) .
This apparent size is 30 % larger than Betelgeuse !
The bigger a star 's apparent diameter , the more easily it can be resolved .
The surprise is therefore not only the large diameter of R Doradus , but also the fact that this was not discovered earlier .
Many of the larger stars were already measured by Albert Michelson and his team .
The reason for the late discovery is most likely the southern latitude of R~Doradus , which makes it inaccessible to the stellar interferometers predominantly located on the northern hemisphere .
R Doradus is an inconspicuous star at visible wavelength but is one of the brightest in the sky in the infrared .
This led Robert Wing ( Ohio State University ) to predict in 1971 that R Doradus should have a large angular size .
Only now has this prediction been confirmed .
The NTT observations were made in the infrared .
At first sight it may seem more sensible to observe at shorter , visible wavelengths because this would result in better angular resolution .
However , measurements in the infrared - although more difficult to perform - result in a better estimate of the diameter of the underlying atmosphere ( photosphere ) of a star .
The combination of a high - quality telescope and a high - quality infrared camera made this result possible .
R Doradus is approximately 200 light years away .
The measured size implies that it has a physical diameter of 370 +- 50 times that of the Sun , or well over 515 million km !
If R Doradus would be placed at the centre of the Solar System , its surface would be outside of the orbit of Mars .
Although even bigger stars are known - Betelgeuse for one - none appears as large in the sky because they are all at greater distances .
The very large apparent size of R Doradus is due to the combination of its relative proximity and large physical size .
R Doradus has about the same mass as the Sun , but it is 6500 times brighter [ 3 ] .
Interferometry with the VLT
Although much more difficult , interferometry can also be done combining light from different telescopes .
This has been successfully demonstrated by teams in France , UK and USA .
As the telescopes can be some distance apart , the separation of the collecting apertures can be much increased , simulating a telescope with a diameter of a hundred metres , and the angular resolution can reach the level of the milli-arcsec .
This will be the case when the ESO Very Large Telescope Interferometer ( VLTI ) becomes operational some years from now .
The VLTI is able to combine the light of four telescopes with 8.2 - m diameter , and also from several smaller , movable auxiliary 1.8 - m telescopes , at separations of up to 200 metres .
The VLTI will be a very powerful tool for studying small details in many astronomical objects .
The team has already made observations of R~Doradus with the Anglo - Australian Telescope which show the star to have structure on its surface , analogous to ( but many times larger than ) Sun spots .
The VLTI would provide forty times more resolution , allowing such structures to be studied in incredible detail .
Notes
[ 1 ] Tim R. Bedding , J. Gordon Robertson and Ralph G. Marson ( School of Physics , University of Sydney , Australia ) , Albert A. Zijlstra and Oskar von der Lühe ( ESO ) , John R. Barton ( Anglo - Australian Observatory , Epping , Australia ) and Brian S. Carter ( South African Astronomical Observatory , Observatory , South Africa ) .
[ 2 ]
For more details , see the article First light from the NTT Interferometer on page 2 of the December 1993 issue of the ESO house journal The Messenger .
[ 3 ]
This number ( 6500 ) was incorrected given ( as 180 ) on the printed version of this Press Release .
Sorry for the inconvenience !.
More information
An article describing the results will appear in the April 21 , 1997 issue of the British scientific journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Connect with ESO on social media
Cisco Tuesday announced a new router , the CRS - 3 , that it says is capable of delivering 322 terabits per second .
Now , we do n't usually cover routers and similar enterprise hardware here in Gadget Lab , but this one 's worth a brief mention .
Let 's leave aside Cisco 's breathless hype ( it will " forever change the internet " – yeah , we 'll believe that when we see it ) .
And nevermind the fact that , actually , there are only a handful of people with the technical skills and the equipment necessary to put Cisco 's speed claims to the test , so they might as well claim it delivers 322 kajillion bits per second , because who would know the difference ?
Those caveats aside , 322 Tbps is insanely fast .
Just how fast ?
About a million times faster than your typical cable modem ( literally ) .
Or , as Silicon Valley Insider puts it , " fast enough to allow every man , woman , and child in China to make a video call at the same time . "
That 's fast .
You could also use speed like that to download the entire Library of Congress in about a second , fill up your iTunes library with over 4 billion MP3 files in about a minute , or download every movie ever made in 4 minutes , SVI says .
There 's more : see SVI 's article for a clever , quick presentation .
Cisco's New Router Could Let Everyone in China Make a Video Call at Once ( Silicon Valley Insider )
*
Photo : Conan the Librarian / Flickr *
Are consumers of videogames treated as well as those of other media ?
A couple of emails arrived in my inbox over Christmas that I 'd been meaning to do something about , both from disgruntled gamers hoping for the Games blog spotlight to be shone on their respective plights .
The first highlighted an ongoing row between the community of Football Manager Live and the makers , Sports Interactive .
Subscription paying users were told after investing months in their teams that the game was to be ' reset ' to make way for an updated version - losing all the experience and progress they 'd accumulated along the way .
Earned stadiums and players would be lost , and the existing communities carved up .
Doubtless Sports
Interactive hope the changes will result in a better gaming experience for all , but it 's understandable that current players are upset .
An offer of free subscription until the reset in spring will be of little comfort to those losing out .
Players simply would n't have bothered had they known all their hard work would be erased after a period of time .
Quoting my emailer :
" From the perspective of a consumer , rather than a gamer , I can say that this is absolutely ridiculous . "
This got me thinking - do we put up with more as gamers than we do when we purchase other media ?
The last two Football Manager games for example both insisted I install a Steam client and made me install huge updates to the game before I could play it .
Imagine buying a DVD only to be told that you had to install new software on your DVD player to watch it .
Or that some of the scenes needed to be downloaded as it was n't quite finished yet .
Consumers simply would n't put up with it .
Now , this is a bit unfair on Sports Interactive who have always listened to their community when developing previous Championship / Football Manager games .
They are by no means the first to rush out an unfinished product , or chuck unnecessary software in along with the game you 're buying .
But when did this become something to simply put up with ?
The second email was a rather different gripe , but nevertheless a case of gamers and games developers in conflict .
This time , a Games blog reader wanted to draw my attention to counterstrikepetition.com ; fives years after Counter - Strike : Source was released an active community still remain and are desperate for an update to be released by Valve .
The emailer felt that Valve were shying away from competing with other FPS heavyweights , but that there was still plenty of demand for such a title .
His argument is persuasive :
" Counter - Strike is different to most modern FPS games as it focuses on the player 's skill and not the amount of time played and upgrades ' unlocked ' .
This seems to have left a gap in the current chart FPS scene on PC , and players are demanding a game just like Counter - Strike . "
Now , it would presumptious to expect games developers just to release whatever titles we fancy ( after all , who would be accountable if they fail ) but still it 's indicative of some sense of neglect .
The underlying factor for all these gripes is that gamers are more attached to the products they buy than most other consumers - yet the companies creating that attachment do n't always fulfill the accompanying responsibilities .
Loyalty works both ways , and games developers should perhaps take a little more time to think about looking after the communities they 've created .
As multiplayer and MMORPGS become more ubiquitous , this idea of a developer 's ' duty of care ' to its consumers is going to become more and more important .
Now , I 'm in an unusual position here : a lot of the games I play are hanging around the office anyway , it 's difficult to get too annoyed about them .
And the only game I play online at the moment is Modern Warfare 2 .
So I 'm curious - what bad experiences have you had on behalf of the games industry ?
Do you ever feel treated like a second - class citizen ?
( CNN ) -- The Marine Corps ' top officer says he would want to avoid housing gay and heterosexual Marines in the same rooms on base if the ban on gays openly serving in the military is lifted .
" I would not ask our Marines to live with someone that 's homosexual if we can possibly avoid it , " Marine Commandant Gen.
James Conway told a Web site in an interview posted Friday .
" And to me that means we 've got to build [ barracks ] that have single rooms . "
Asked about the possibility of gay and straight Marines living together , Conway told the site Military.com that he would " want to preserve the right of a Marine that thinks he or she would n't want to do that -- and that 's the overwhelming number of people that say they would n't like to do so . "
Conway said the Marine Corps is the only branch of the armed services that houses two to a room .
On Thursday , Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced that the Pentagon will start to ease its enforcement of the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy prohibiting homosexuals from serving openly in the military .
Among other things , Gates said the Pentagon is raising the threshold for what constitutes an appropriate level of information necessary to launch a " credible inquiry " into allegations of homosexual behavior .
The change , which will take effect in 30 days and apply to all current cases , is a reflection of " common sense " and " common decency , " Gates said .
" These changes reflect some of the insights we have gained over 17 years of implementing the current law , including the need for consistency , oversight and clear standards , " Gates said .
President Obama and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , support a legislative repeal of " do n't ask , do n't tell , " which was first enacted in 1993 .
Some senior members of the military , however , have expressed concern over the impact of the ban 's repeal on unit cohesion and morale , among other things .
The McCarthy family has taken great pride in their " fair and honest lane conditions " since this neighborhood bowling alley opened .
If they were willing to soldier on as more of a historical monument than a bowling alley they could struggle through with a run down retro theme for the next few years , but these guys really LOVE bowling .
They 've found new homes for all their bowling leagues , written a public apology for having to close down and are preparing for the future .
A Facebook fangroup has popped up to Save Lyndon Lanes , but the owners say that while they are deeply touched , this wo n't turn into a Cinderella Story .
The Bar and Grill will go on , but the lanes will be partitioned off and all that will remain is a commemorative sign .
If you live in the area , stop in for a last game before May 23 .
Warning , those of you of a delicate disposition may wish to look away at the end of this post as the photo may be too much for you .
The res ...
Une petite note en hommage à mon ami Florian qui a été à l’origine de cette terrible révélation , un soir que nous buvions un très banal « Pierre Chanau » .
A bientôt pour tout autre chose !
The months of February and March are traditionally the time of the year when Zoo Wroclaw welcomes new Dik - dik offspring .
True to fashion , new mom , Lenonka , welcomed a female calf on February 26 .
According to the Zoo ’s tradition , newborns are given a music related name .
Because of their shared characteristic of blonde hair , the new Dik - dik is being called “ Lady G ” ( a nod to Lady Gaga ) .
Zoo management has allowed the keepers a bit of creativity with the selection of names for the new births .
As a result , Zoo Wroclaw is proud to relate that they are home to Elvis , Eminem , Lennon , Limahl , Loreen , and now Lady G !
Photo Credits : Zoo Wroclaw / Image 4 : new parents , Federiko and Lenonka / Image 5 : new mom , Lenonka / Image 6 : dad , Federiko
Kirk ’s Dik - diks have made their home at Zoo Wroclaw since 2014 .
The Zoo ’s most known member of the herd is Lady G’s father , Federiko .
Keepers state he is almost always in a location within the exhibit that is visible to the public , as if he is guarding the rest of the herd .
Kirk 's Dik-dik ( Madoqua kirkii ) is a small antelope native to Eastern Africa and one of four species of Dik - dik antelope .
Dik - diks are herbivores and are typically of a fawn color that aids in camouflaging in savannah habitats .
The unique name is derived from its call .
When threatened , Dik - diks lay low .
If discovered , they run in a swift zigzag until finding another safe hiding spot .
During this time , they are known to emit a call that sounds like “ zik - zik ” and is intended to raise an alarm .
The lifespan of Kirk 's Dik - dik in the wild is typically 5 to 10 years .
In captivity , males have been known to live up to 16 to 18 years .
The species is currently classified as “ Least Concern ” on the IUCN Red List .
They have many natural enemies in the wild : leopards , cheetahs , jackals , baboons , eagles , and pythons .
However , the biggest threat awaits them from the human side .
Not only are they hunted for use of their meat and bone , but they are also hunted for the production of leather .
It has been said that at least two individual Dik - diks must be slaughtered to produce as little as one pair of leather gloves .
This blog features movies and art by artists outside the spectrum of mainstream media ( mostly ) , just chillax and enjoy your stay .
We do not take requests , recommandations on the other hand are more than welcome .
Do n't be a douche , comment !
Need something removed , you can find the contact details at the bottom of the page
To view links please send me an email ( belowthefog666@gmail.com ) and you will receive the necessary information .
An arrest warrant has been issued for US cyclist Floyd Landis , who is accused of hacking into a French drug - testing laboratory , France 's anti-doping authority ( AFLD ) said .
Pierre Bordry , head of the AFLD , said Landis used documents " illegally hacked from the authority 's laboratory computer system " in his defence after he was stripped of his 2006 Tour de France win following a positive drugs test .
The warrant was issued by a French judge on January 28 in response to the failure by 34 - year - old Landis to answer a summons issued in October , Mr Bordry said .
The judge intends to ask Pennsylvania - born Landis " to explain how he came to obtain certain information that was used in his defence , " added Mr Bordry .
Arnie Baker , a former American rider and cycling coach , for whom an arrest warrant was issued in November , is also being sought by the French authorities in connection with the affair .
Landis tested positive for testosterone during the 17th stage of the 2006 edition of the world 's most famous cycling race .
He had won that stage in spectacular fashion with a solo attack which virtually secured him the yellow jersey only 24 hours after a dramatic collapse on stage 16 .
He was stripped of his Tour de France win in September 2007 , more than a year after he crossed the finishing line on the Champs Elysee in Paris .
He was banned from racing for two years , making his return in January 2009 .
During that time he carried on the legal fight to the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) , sports highest appeal authority , who threw out his case in June 2008 .
As well as rejecting his appeal CAS ordered him to pay $ US100,000 in judicial costs to the American anti-doping agency ( USADA ) .
Landis ' attempts to clear his name have cost the rider an estimated $ US2 million .
CAS itself has spent almost the entire $ US1.8 million budget set aside to ensure Landis ' attempt to appeal his ban failed .
The accusation of hacking first arose when the Paris suburbs - based AFLD lodged legal proceedings on November 7 , 2006 after becoming aware that documents belonging to them had been used in Landis ' defence .
According to sources close to the inquiry , the electronic paper trail led them to Baker 's computer address .
During his ban , Landis had hip surgery and worked as an adviser to American cycling outfit Rock Racing .
On his return to competition he joined the OUCH Pro Cycling Team .
His first race back from suspension was in the 2009 Tour of California .
Landis , who became a professional mountain biker aged 20 and who had a spell riding for the US Postal team alongside seven - time Tour champion Lance Armstrong , has since competed in the Tour of Southland in New Zealand .
- AFP
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Larry Foreman describes himself as “ a libertarian at heart , ” but not when it comes to kids .
A veteran emergency - room physician — he works at the Arroyo Grande Community Hospital , near the Oceano Dunes State Vehicular Recreation Area in San Luis Obispo County , California — he ’s seen an endless queue of injured riders of all - terrain vehicles , including children as young as 4 .
After a particularly busy Sunday in 2004 , Foreman decided to do some research .
He was stunned to find that in a recent 22 - month period , the small rural hospital had treated 210 children with ATV - related injuries .
Foreman began meeting with officials and went on radio to talk up tougher regulations — quickly drawing fire from some off - roaders , including at least two who appealed to hospital officials to fire him .
“ I was just kind of on this Don Quixote quest , and the windmills were beating the heck out of me , ” Foreman recalled .
He persisted , however , and eventually the California Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians decided to make the issue a legislative priority .
In the spring of 2008 , it drafted a safety bill incorporating key elements of a model law drawn up by the ATV industry , such as expanded training and the ban on kids riding adult machines .
The legislation was introduced in the California Senate by State Sen .
Abel Maldonado , Foreman ’s senator , but a coalition of off - road groups quickly mustered to fight it , and the legislation died later that year .
Four - wheelers look disarming , almost like overgrown toys .
Yet the powerful vehicles , also known as “ quads , ” can reach highway speeds , and unlike cars and trucks , they offer no protection in rollovers .
More than 10,000 people have been killed in ATV crashes since federal authorities began keeping track in the 1980s ; more than 2,500 deaths and hundreds of thousands of injuries have involved kids under 16 .
ATV manufacturers profess a strong interest in safety , especially for kids .
They ’ve developed a model state law with tough safety requirements , including mandatory helmet use , training for young riders , and a ban on use of high - speed , adult - model ATVs by kids under 16 .
Keeping kids off adult machines “ is not a safety issue , it ’s the safety issue , ” said Thomas Yager , vice president of the Specialty Vehicle Institute of America , the Irvine - based trade group of leading ATV producers .
Yet manufacturers have often stood passively by when advocates like Foreman have tried to pass safety legislation — no matter how closely it hewed to the industry ’s own model law .
The industry appeared indifferent when the emergency physicians ’ legislation died in 2008 — just as it had in 2007 , when a similar ATV safety bill failed in Oregon .
Critics , citing such episodes , accuse the industry of playing a double game — talking up safety measures to score PR points , then watching while dealers and off - road enthusiasts rise up to kill the bills .
The companies firmly deny it .
“ I reject that we just pay lip service ” to safety regulation , said Kathy Van Kleeck , senior vice president for government relations at the Specialty Vehicle Institute .
ATV makers did n’t just watch from the sidelines , records and interviews show .
Several members of the Specialty Vehicle Institute — Yamaha , Kawasaki , Polaris and KTM — were also members of an advocacy group that lobbied against the bill .
• • •
In the far southeast corner of California , the Imperial Sand Dunes stretch more than 40 miles , in some places rising 300 feet above the desert floor .
The windblown remains of an ancient lake , the tawny sands draw only the hardiest visitors during long months of insane heat .
But from late fall through winter , the dunes resound with the snarl of pulsating engines and unadulterated joy of hordes of off - road enthusiasts .
Long holiday weekends attract what may be the largest crowds of ATV , dirtbike , and dune buggy riders anywhere in the world .
The 165,000 this past Thanksgiving were far from a record .
Old friends and extended families circle trailers and RVs to camp wagon - train style .
It ’s an off - road version of Burning Man , minus the carbon guilt .
Tom Coulombe , 48 , of San Diego County , loves coming for “ the dunes , the camaraderie , the people , the scene . ”
His 5 - and 12 - year - olds ride their own youth - model ATVs , an activity he describes as “ very confidence - building . ”
Trips to the dunes do end badly for some .
On average , about six off - roaders die each year .
Along with maps and guides at a ranger station , a brochure from Pioneers Memorial Hospital in Brawley helpfully announces : “ Emergency Care… Closest ER . ”
Riders appear to take the risks in stride , even humorously .
“ What is the craziest injury you have gotten at the dunes ? !? ” asked a recent post on a Facebook fan page for duners .
Though many accidents involve riders being thrown or crushed beneath ATVs , which typically weigh more than 600 pounds , manufacturers have successfully resisted a stability standard that could reduce the number of rollovers .
Even so , riders almost uniformly blame tragedies on reckless conduct or dumb mistakes .
Many seem fiercely protective of the manufacturers and contemptuous of liability claims — arguing , as the companies do , that only riders , not vehicles , are unsafe .
Injuries usually involve “ idiots … riding over their heads , ” said Coulombe , expressing a common view .
“ They just bought these big machines .
They ’re not respecting them … Common sense has got to kick in . ”
Not all tragedies involve inexperience or daredevil stunts , however .
Last May at Oceano Dunes , for example , Christopher Meadows , 24 , was crushed to death when his ATV flipped and landed on top of him .
An emergency medical technician and volunteer with the search - and - rescue unit of the San Luis Obispo Sheriff ’s Department , Meadows was on his way to help an injured rider when his ATV tumbled down the steep face of a dune .
“ He was well - trained , ” said Sgt. Mark Maki , Meadows ’ supervisor , “ and it still happened to him . ”
A month before Meadows ’ death , Bill Orton , a former three - term congressman from Utah , was killed in west - central Utah when his ATV flipped and landed on him .
While battles between off - roaders and conservation groups draw the headlines , safety debates often turn vitriolic , too , raising the issue of how to regulate a product that is both risky and wildly popular — particularly when many users are below the age of informed consent .
Many off - roaders bristle at attempts to restrict young riders , accusing safety advocates of usurping parental rights and their freedom to ride as a family .
“ I have a drawer of hate mail over this issue , ” says Rachel Weintraub , a senior attorney with the Consumer Federation of America who has campaigned for tougher regulations .
“ I ’ve been accused of destroying the American family , and many other things . ”
Robin Ingle , a health statistician with the US Consumer Product Safety Commission from 1998 to 2006 , recalled some riders accusing the agency of “ being the Taliban for trying to suggest some ways of dealing with the problem …
It ’s very eerie to be in the group of people who they view as the enemy . ”
In recent months , the safety commission has focused on halting cheap imported ATVs that lack basic safety features , such as front brakes .
The commission is also under a congressional directive to study whether youth - model ATVs are too powerful .
Beyond that , for the last 20 years , the commission has done little but count casualties .
The agency took its boldest stand in 1987 , when it filed a lawsuit against top distributors , declaring ATVs to be an “ imminently hazardous consumer product . ”
In settling the case , the companies agreed to stop marketing three - wheel ATVs — considered more unstable than four - wheelers — but were spared the expense of recalling existing three - wheelers .
The companies also agreed to expand consumer education , through prominent warning labels and free training with the purchase of a new ATV .
However , the industry persuaded the commission not to require certain design changes , such as widening the stance of ATVs to reduce rollovers .
Casualty figures dropped or held steady for several years , but then rose sharply as ATVs grew in power and popularity .
Injuries requiring emergency room treatment nearly tripled from 52,800 in 1997 to 150,900 in 2007 , according to commission estimates .
As the statistician in charge of tracking ATV deaths , Ingle posted a map in her office and taped dots at the sites of fatal crashes .
“ West Virginia was obliterated , ” she recalled .
“ It was covered by dots . ”
She left the agency in 2006 , frustrated by its failure to stem the tide of accidents .
The blizzard of industry warning labels , which put the onus on riders to avoid mistakes and reckless conduct , became an important defense in lawsuits .
Since most crashes could be blamed on one or more of the behaviors users were warned against , the companies had a “ buffet of defenses ” against almost any claim , said Ralph E. Chapman , a Mississippi - based plaintiffs ’ lawyer .
“ Never operate at speeds too fast for your skills or conditions , ” one warning message states .
Such advice is too vague to be useful , some critics contend , and is undermined by macho advertising claims , such as “ Xtreme performance , ” and “ Now even more aggressive . ”
Given the risk of rollover on steep or rocky ground , Ingle said the name , “ all - terrain vehicle ” is misleading in itself — they should be called “ most terrain vehicles ” or “ some terrain vehicles , ” she said .
Carol Pollack - Nelson , a psychologist formerly with the CPSC , said the situation illustrates the need to improve design of risky products , rather than rely mainly on warnings .
“ You have a product that ’s inherently got some pretty serious dangers , ” she said , noting that no one buys one “ to drive their granny to the store …
It goes fast , it goes over bumps , it goes over open terrain .
Why else would they have bought the thing ? ”
• • •
The industry has opposed expanding federal regulations , arguing that the states are best able to police rider safety .
But state regulations vary widely .
For example , 21 states have no helmet laws while some others , including California , require helmets on public land only .
Only four states bar use of adult ATV models by kids under 16 , and several have no safety regulations at all .
Jim Suty , president of the four - wheeler group Friends of Oceano Dunes , said youngsters ’ skills are best known to their parents , “ so to put an arbitrary limit on age is ludicrous . ”
Suty , 42 , said he sees no reason to treat ATV riding any differently from soccer and football , bike riding or climbing trees .
Yet when it comes to ATVs , “ the government is trying to parent my children and other children , ” he complained .
“ The sentiment among the ATV riders is that they ought to be able to determine independently what is safe for them and what is safe for their children , ” said Elena Lopez - Gusman , executive director of the state chapter of the emergency physicians .
“ Our organization believes that there are some health and safety guidelines to prevent injuries , and it is the role of government to set some criteria for those , particularly when we ’re talking about children — because our folks are the ones that see the direct consequences to peoples ’ health and life and limb . ”
The Specialty Vehicle Institute said it had been supportive of Maldonado ’s legislation , and to prove it it provided a copy of a letter from the group to Maldonado .
“ We commend you in introducing the legislation , ” said the Feb. 27 , 2008 , letter .
Keeping kids off adult machines is something “ we … adamantly support . ”
However , when FairWarning showed the letter to Dinora Ramirez , the Maldonado aide who managed the bill , she said she ’d never seen it and could n’t find it in her files .
Ramirez said she did n’t know if it was lost in the mail or otherwise misplaced .
Van Kleeck of the Specialty Vehicle Institute said she was certain the letter was sent .
In any case , while opposition lobbyists were frequently in touch with Maldonado ’s office , Ramirez said representatives of the Specialty Vehicle Institute never visited or called .
Van Kleeck said the institute tends to focus “ on states that have no ATV safety legislation whatsoever , ” and that “ California does have a good safety law ” as it stands .
And despite the Specialty Vehicle Institute ’s professed support for the bill , several top ATV manufacturers — all members of the Institute — were on the opposing side , as members of the Off - Road Business Association .
A national trade group based in Bakersfield , California , the association includes ATV dealers and four leading manufacturers : Yamaha Motor Corp.
USA ; Polaris Industries Inc. ; Kawasaki Motors Corp. USA ; and KTM North America Inc .
“ It makes me wonder how committed those companies are that they allowed their name to be on both sides of the issue , ” said Lopez - Gusman of the emergency physicians .
Van Kleeck said the manufacturers supported the off - road association for defending access to off - road areas — not for “ opposing safety legislation , because they unequivocally support that . ”
“ I guess you have to ask yourself , do they really believe in safety , especially children ’s safety ? ” Foreman mused .
“ They could have helped out a lot more . ”
This story originally appeared on FairWarning.org .
Europe now has a Black Swan Event — high impact , hard - to - predict and rare — every bit as bad to match that of America 's subprime crisis .
The euro is in crisis thanks to the old continent 's oldest nation , Greece , statistically lying its way in , criminally failing to make income match expenditure and now we have just learned , loading up on undisclosed off - balance - sheet debt to keep the Hellenic big government show going .
Commentators and some politicians are not unjustifiably baying for Greek blood .
Yet be under no illusion ; the ejection of Greece and the economic collapse and hyperinflation that will ensue will be Europe 's ugliest moment of the postwar period .
No one should take it lightly .
And turning Greece into the Admiral Byng of the euro zone ( pour encourager les autres ) will do nothing to address the deepest underlying flaw of the euro :
One size will never fit all , but two currencies just might .
Leaving the politics of the euro aside , to use the jargon , deploying a new currency requires an " Optimal Currency Area . "
Friday Night
In with The Morgans Available now for AMC Premiere subscribers .
Each half - hour episode of Friday Night
In with the Morgans will have a free - flowing , raw feel featuring unfiltered conversation about how we ’re all getting through this unprecedented moment , as this charismatic couple connect with friends , neighbors , animals and the broader community of fans .
Each week they will come together for conversations about how they are handling life in quarantine , practically helping communities , finding joy and even humor in these unprecedented times , entertaining themselves , and others , while in isolation – all done via video chat .
× Erfahrung CDS Webdesign - Webdesigner Berlin
1# Webdesign Agentur Core Design Studio
Eine Design Agentur der Extraklasse .
Ein Besuch auf deren
Homepage macht sofort klar , wo der Name „ Core “ hier seinen Ursprung hat .
The „ Core “ ist Synonym für den inneren Kern .
Die Designarbeiten und die Layouts heben sich im Kern so grundlegend von der breiten Masse ab , dass sie einen extrem hohen Wiedererkennungswert haben .
Die Bilder sind fotografisch von exzellenter Qualität .
Die Motivwahl , die Perspektive und der Bildausschnitt sind perfekt .
Die optische Bildnachbereitung ist absolut charakteristisch .
Seit Jahrzenten erkennt man die Musik von z. B. James Last an ihrem völlig unverkennbaren Sound nach wenigen Takten .
Genau so erkennt man die „ Handschrift “ der Webdesigner vom Core Design Studio , wenn sie eine Webseite erstellen .
Ein geniales Lichtspiel rund um detailverliebte Abbildungen .
Die Wahl der Farben verschmilzt mit dem
Thema und führt zu einem Webdesign aus einem Guss .
Buchstäblich abgerundet wird diese Mischung von einfühlsam gewählten Schriftarten .
Wenn die Webdesigner vom Core Design Studio Webseiten erstellen , dann sind diese konsequent ohne die oft nervenden Elemente von animierten Gifs etc .
Wenn die Webdesigner hier Webseiten erstellen , dann gibt es ein Webdesign , dass völlig ohne all die vielen nervigen Elemente auskommt – keine Popups , keine schrillen Einblendungen .
Die Menüs stechen nicht durch harten , scharfen farblichen Kontrast hervor – sind aber trotzdem sehr gut zu lesen .
Die Buttons haben klare , eindeutige Begriffe und haben alle die jeweils richtige Funktion .
Auch hier haben die Webdesigner beim Webseiten erstellen ganze Arbeit geleistet .
Auch bei den Referenzseiten – das Webdesign zeichnet sich jeweils durch gleichbleibende Professionalität aus .
Da ist nichts auf die Schnelle mal eben irgendwie erledigt worden .
Ein Webdesign aus dem die Webdesigner beim Webseiten erstellen ein voll funktionsfähiges Gesamtkunstwerk produziert haben .
Bei allem Können und aller Perfektion des Webdesignens – eine Seite will natürlich auch Traffic haben .
Dazu wird Internetmarketing eingesetzt .
SEO
Texte , Keywords und so weiter werden hier neben dem eigentlichen Webdesign durch die Webdesigner beim Webseite erstellen sehr traffic - wirksam mit eingebunden .
Alle Maßnahmen zur Suchmaschinenoptimierung werden eingearbeitet .
Das umfasst die Mittel und die Möglichkeiten der OnPage Suchmaschinenoptimierung .
In der Praxis bedeutet das eine Überarbeitung und Optimierung der kompletten Website .
Das beginnt bei den Meta Tags , reicht über den Quellcode bis hin zum internen Linkaufbau und der richtigen Platzierung der Keywords .
Eine wichtige Rolle spielt hierbei das Alter einer Website und die Wirkung gegenüber Google™ .
Nach einigen Monaten und einer „ guten Führung “ gegenüber der Suchmaschinen werden Sie aber bald Vertrauen ernten und auch im Ranking steigen .
Ein großer Internetshop ist aufwendiger zu optimieren , als eine kleine private Website mit nur einigen Seiten Inhalt .
Aus diesem Grund bekommt man für Arbeiten dieser
Art keine pauschale Preise .
Aktuell sind auch Seotexte echte Köder für Suchmaschinen .
In Seotexten werden Keywords immer und immer wieder wiederholt .
Das dient dem besseren Auffinden der Seite – wenn jemand bestimmte Suchwörter in eine Suchmaschine eingibt .
Das Designerstudio garantiert bei entsprechendem Auftrag ein Rankingergebnis unter den Top Ten .
Zur endgültigen Komplettierung bietet das Studio auch Webhosting an .
Vom einfachen Leistungspakt bis hin zu professionellen Leistungsmerkmalen und Features .
Blitzschnelle Zugriffe auch für größere Seiten und Grafiken .
Somit kann man bei der Webdesign Agentur Core Design Studio Webseiten erstellen lassen und hat dann wirklich alles aus einer Hand .
2# Core Design Studio – geniales Webdesign
Eine eigene Webseite soll erstellt werden ?
Das Erstellen einer Webseite ist kein Zuckerschlecken .
Fachwissen im Bereich Webdesign ist gefragt und wenn man keines hat , sollte es einen Gedanken wert sein , es professionell machen zu lassen .
Webseiten erhalten eine immer zentralere Wirkung , wenn es darum geht , Informationen zu Produkten und Institutionen zu erhalten .
Denn viele Menschen interessieren sich zunächst einmal nur für die Webseite .
Dynamisches Webdesign bietet einige Vorteile , unter anderem mögliche Interaktivität durch die User und problemlose Erweiterung der einzelnen Webseiten .
Ein Nachteil ist jedoch , dass das Webdesign eingeschränkt ist .
Wenn man aber einen Shop oder Blog eröffnen will und Folgekosten für die Aktualisierungen vermeiden will , dann ist dynamisches Webdesign genau das Richtige .
Um eine solche Seite zu erstellen bedarf eines gut durchdachten Konzepts , bei der man beachten sollte , wer das Zielpublikum ist , welche Fragen gestellt werden und wie die Werbeauftritte der Konkurrenten aussehen .
Natürlich spielt auch die Optik im Webdesign eine große Rolle , ebenso die Benutzerfreundlichkeit des Menüs : Eine flache Struktur ermöglicht das schnelle Erreichen jeder Zielseite .
Ein guter Kompromiss wäre die taillierte Struktur , wo man mit einer kleinen Anzahl von Menüpunkten beginnt und diese schnell wieder aufgefächert werden .
Erleichtern kann man es den Nutzern auch , wenn man eine Suchfunktion integriert .
Noch besser ist es , gleich mehrere Navigationsmethoden zur Verfügung zu stellen .
Die Elemente einer Webseite müssen auf einem so genannten Server gelagert werden , genannt werden die Betreiber solcher Server Host .
Oft sind diese Seiten in Programmiersprachen geschrieben , wie zum Beispiel PHP und HTML .
Begriffe , über die man eigentlich oft stolpert .
CDS Berlin würde sie da mit ihrer Erfahrung und der Fachkompetenz in Sachen Webdesign ihrer Mitarbeiter unterstützen .
Programmierer , Grafiker und Webdesigner machen ihnen ein Angebot und setzen ihre Vorstellungen in die Tat um .
Individualität wird ganz groß geschrieben .
Auch in Sachen Suchmaschinenoptimierung kann man sich an Core Design Studio wenden .
Hier wird den offiziellen Richtlinien von Google gefolgt .
CDS Berlin ist eine Web Agentur für individuelles Webdesign , die Kunden sind begeistert , welches in den Rezensionen sehr deutlich wird .
Die wunderschönen
Designs , die bereits online präsentiert werden , sollte man sich ansehen .
Und das ganz in Ruhe .
The back cover of my copy of A Canticle for Leibowitz calls it " a novel that transcends genre . "
But if you wanna get technical , the 1961 Hugo winner is almost the antithesis of science fiction .
Advertisement
As we discussed a month ago , there 's a decades - old argument over the role of science in science fiction ; the corollary debate is whether the genre 's name should be changed to something like " speculative fiction " or " philosophical fiction , " since so many of the stories that comprise it explore alternate realities , possibilities , and ideas ably and deeply while barely touching on hard science at all .
There are problems with those other names too , of course — most notably , what would n't qualify under them , since what kind of fiction does n't explore alternate realities ? — but A Canticle for Leibowitz could serve as evidence that the name needs to be changed somehow .
Because in the novel , science is n't responsible for anything really happening .
Advertisement
Now , I realize that is a sweeping and seemingly absurd statement , because the ( glorious , gorgeous ) book is about a post - apocalyptic Earth recovering from nuclear world war over the course of a millennium and a half , and then plunging back into it .
And nuclear warfare does n't happen ( especially not twice ) without science .
Further , in the last of Canticle 's three parts , there are starships and robots .
And most significant of all , of course , the story in its entirety centers on the attempts of the Catholic monks of the Order of Leibowitz to preserve as much knowledge as they can from their ancestors ' advanced civilization .
So clearly , science does play a role in the narrative .
And yet , author Walter M. Miller Jr. goes out of his way to show us that throughout the three parts of Canticle , very little really changes .
In the first section ( " Fiat Homo " * ) , set during a second Dark Age , the monks discover a cache of pre–Flame Deluge data buried in a fallout shelter , after protagonist Brother Francis is visited by an odd pilgrim who might be the Wandering Jew or might be Leibowitz or might be both .
A little progress is made , but in the end , death arrives from the ignorant world outside , and the buzzards circle in the air and then drop down to feed .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
In the second section ( " Fiat Lux " ) , a sort of Enlightenment is taking place , and the world looks to be finally ready for the materials the monks have guarded for so long .
But war is breaking out ; there 's more death , the pilgrim is still there , and the buzzards are ever - present .
Advertisement
And in the third ( " Fiat Voluntas Tua " ) , the order has survived to see the modern world return — it 's a far - future that resembles our near - future ( or our near - future as envisioned in the 1960s ) , with global electronic communication and interstellar travel .
War is brewing again , of the same kind that nearly destroyed humanity before , and the monks are taking steps to preserve our species ' accomplishments .
But ultimately : more death , more pilgrim , more buzzards .
Between those more obvious symbols and his little riffs throughout the book , it 's unquestionable that what Miller wanted to show us was that , for all the external changes we experience , internally the human condition changes very little .
Whether we 're armed with bows and arrows , guns and sabers , or atomic bombs , there will be conflict and destruction and death ; and it's all part of a cycle that 's nearly as immutable as the law of gravitation .
The technology is irrelevant .
Advertisement
But if science is n't responsible for driving the plot so much as driving that point home , then what does move the story along ?
Well , it 's very clearly a benevolent , inscrutable , extra-natural force operating with intention in this world — or , God .
And although I certainly do n't think science and religion are diametric opposites , I know a lot of people do , ** which is why I submit that A Canticle for Leibowitz is sorta incongruous with the genre it calls home .
A convert to Catholicism , Miller did n't take the out you typically see in SF books dealing with God .
In , say , Mary Doria Russell 's The Sparrow , or previous Hugo winner A Case for Conscience , or the next year 's winner , Stranger in a Strange Land , *** it 's left ambiguous as to whether events took place because of simple coincidence or divine intervention .
In Canticle , make no mistake , from Francis ' meeting with the pilgrim at the start of the book ( there is laugh - out - loud irony in Chapter 1 when you figure out what the monk 's prayers are while the old man is yelling for him ) to the miracle Abbot Zerchi experiences in the final pages , Miller is not offering the usual modern comfort of letting the reader decide for themselves .
Advertisement
Personally , I have no problem with letting the reader decide for themselves ( when it 's well done , it 's weirdly satisfying ) , but Miller 's take is not only refreshing but thought - provoking .
Because in a genre ( which Canticle does belong to if only by default ) concerned with Big Questions , it 's the only book I can think of that presents some practical arguments for believing in a deity , instead of dealing with belief as an abstract philosophical matter .
Advertisement
By taking us through three different eras ( and brilliantly getting extra bang for its buck in that regard , since Canticle 's future is reminiscent of our past and present ) , the book hammers home that , whatever you think of specific religious practices , there may be some value in some people , at least , hewing to a fundamentally timeless belief system , because an organized religion can serve as a rock and a harbor in an endlessly shifting world .
Canticle suggests that for a religion to be useful this way , it does need to be organized , and that it needs to be built around some kind of eternal Presence , because its practicers must remember that there is more at stake than the needs and wants of the here - and - now .
Believe me , I do n't care whether you 're convinced by the arguments the book makes or suggests ( I am , but I was before I ever read it ) , and believe me , in an era where the face of Christianity has far more in common with the proudly ignorant simpletons of Canticle 's first book than with its monks , I can appreciate that it 's hard to hear about any positive impact God or religion might have .
But that , I think , is why that aspect of the novel is so important : because we 're going to argue , so we might as well have good arguments .
And this book makes its humbly and wisely and profoundly thoughtfully .
I hope it 's still making them a thousand years from now and beyond .
Advertisement
" Blogging the Hugos " appears every other weekend .
In the next installment : Stranger in a Strange Land , by Robert Heinlein , from 1962 .
( The original edition , not the expanded version published in 1991 . )
Advertisement
Josh Wimmer is a freelance writer in Madison , WI .
He can usually be found here .
* Section titles are " Let There Be Man , " " Let There Be Light , " and " Let Thy Will Be Done , " respectively .
Advertisement
**PERHAPS EVEN SOME OF YOU READING THIS .
*** Actually , the bit I am thinking of may not be in the original edition of Stranger .
Azure
Turn your ideas into solutions with cloud services .
Build how you want and deploy where you want .
( CNN ) --
As many as 15 gunmen stormed into a house party in Juarez , Mexico , in the early hours of Sunday morning and opened fire , killing at least 13 people and injuring 13 others in one of the deadliest attacks the city has seen this year , a police official said .
The shooting happened around 12:30 a.m. in southern Juarez , police spokesman Jacinto Seguro told CNN .
" Witnesses said the gunmen arrived in seven cars , closing down the streets and blocking exits , " Seguro said .
" They then stormed into the party and began shooting as the group was watching a soccer game , " he said , adding that windshields and windows on the cars were darkly tinted .
The victims ' ages were between 14 and 19 , Seguro said .
No other information about the victims was immediately available .
" We 're still trying to establish a motive , " Seguro said .
More than 100 AK - 47 bullet casings were found around the crime scene , Seguro said .
The AK - 47 -- known in Mexico by its slang name of " cuerno de chivos , " meaning " goat 's horn , " in reference to the gun 's banana - shaped clip -- is the weapon of choice for drug cartels .
On Friday , at least seven bullet - riddled bodies were found scattered throughout northern Juarez , according to police .
Recently , there had been a relative downturn in violence in the city across the border from El Paso , Texas , with a reported ceasefire between two rival cartels battling for rights to the critical Juarez drug route into the United States .
The reported ceasefire between the Sinaloa Cartel and the Vicente Carrillo Fuentes Cartel , commonly known as the Juarez Cartel , was expected to last until February 28 , according to a local source who covers the conflict between the two cartels .
At least 160 people have been killed in Juarez since the start of the year , according to local reports .
Buried way back on A17 of the NYT , another reminder of how ugly it is out there :
Arizona on Thursday became the first state to eliminate its Children ’s Health Insurance Program when Gov. Jan Brewer signed an austere budget that will leave nearly 47,000 low - income children without coverage .
The Arizona budget is a vivid reflection of how the fiscal crisis afflicting state governments is cutting deeply into health care .
The state also will roll back Medicaid coverage for childless adults in a move that is expected to eventually drop 310,000 people from the rolls .
State leaders said they were left with few choices because of a $ 2.6 billion projected shortfall next year .
But hospital officials and advocates for low - income people said they were worried that emergency rooms would be overrun by patients who had few other options for care , and that children might suffer enduring developmental problems because of inadequate medical attention .
From the December 2009 issue of The Baffler ( no online version of this article available ) .
For those not familiar with The Baffler , this is the revival of a magazine of business and culture edited by Thomas Frank that had previously been published from 1988 to 2007 .
This issue was called “ Margin Call ” and included articles by Matt Taibbi , Naomi Klein , Michael Lind .
I believe readers will find this piece to be relevant .
Enjoy !
Since inequalities of privilege are greater than could possibly be defended rationally , the intelligence of privileged groups is usually applied to the task of inventing specious proofs for the theory that universal values spring from , and that general interests are served by , the special privileges which they hold .
Reinhold Niebuhr , Moral Man and Immoral Society
A year on from its brush with Armageddon , the financial services industry has resumed its reckless , self - serving ways
It is n’t hard to see why this has aroused simmering rage in normally complacent , pro-capitalist Main Street America .
The budget commitments to salvaging the financial sector come to nearly $ 3 trillion , equivalent to more than $ 20,000 per federal income tax payer .
To add insult to injury , the miscreants have also availed themselves of more welfare programs in the form of lending facilities and guarantees , totaling nearly $ 12 trillion , not all of which will prove to be money well spent .
Wall Street just looted the public on a massive scale .
Having found this to be a wondrously lucrative exercise , it looks set to do it all over again .
These people above all were supposed to understand money , the value of it , the risks attendant with it .
The industry broadly defined , even including once lowly commercial bank employees , profited handsomely as the debt bubble grew .
Compensation per worker in the early 1980s was similar to that of all non-government employees .
It started accelerating in 1983 , and hit 181 percent of the level of private sector pay by 2007 .
The rewards at the top were rich indeed .
The average employee at Goldman Sachs made $ 630,000 in 2007 .
That includes everyone , the receptionists , the guys in the mail room , the back office staff .
Eight - figure bonuses for big producers became standard in the last cycle .
And if the fourth quarter of 2009 proves as lucrative as the first three , Goldman ’s bonuses for the year will exceed bubble - peak levels .
The rationale for the eye - popping rewards was simple .
We lived in a Brave New World of finance , where the ability to slice , dice , repackage and sell risk led to better outcomes for all , via cheaper credit and better diversification .
We have since learned that this flattering picture was a convenient cover for massive risk - taking and fraud .
The industry regularly bundled complicated exposures into products and dumped them onto investors who did n’t understand them .
Indeed , it has since become evident that the industry itself did n’t understand them .
The supposedly sophisticated risk management techniques did n’t work so well for even the advanced practitioners , as both top investment banks and quant hedge funds hemorrhaged losses .
And outside the finance arena , the wreckage is obvious : housing market plunges in the U.S. , UK , Ireland , Spain , the Baltics and Australia ; a steep decline in trade ; a global recession with unemployment in the U.S. and elsewhere hitting highs not seen in more than 25 years , with the most accurate forecasters of the calamity intoning that the downturn will be protracted and the recovery anemic .
With economic casualties all about , thanks to baleful financial “ innovations ” and reckless trading bets , the tone - deafness of the former Masters of the Universe is striking .
Their firms would have been reduced to sheer rubble were it not for the munificence of the taxpayer — or perhaps , more accurately , the haplessness of the official rescuers , who threw money at these players directly and indirectly , through a myriad a programs plus the brute force measure of super low interest rates , with perilous few strings attached .
Yet what is remarkable is that the widespread denunciations of excessive banking industry pay are met with incredulity and outright hostility .
It ’s one thing to be angry over a reversal in fortune ; it ’s one of the five stages of grief .
But the petulance , the narcissism , the lack of any sense of proportion reveals a deep - seated pathology at work .
Exhibit A is the resignation letter of one Jake DeSantis , an executive vice president in AIG ’s Financial Products unit , tendered in March 2009 as outcry over bonuses paid to executives of his firm reached a fever pitch .
The New York Times ran it as an op - ed .
“ I am proud of everything I have done , ” DeSantis wrote .
I was in no way involved in — or responsible for — the credit default swap transactions that have hamstrung A.I.G .
Nor were more than a handful of the 400 current employees of A.I.G. - F.P.
Most of those responsible have left the company and have conspicuously escaped the public outrage … .
[ W ]e in the financial products unit have been betrayed by A.I.G. and are being unfairly persecuted by elected officials .…
I take this action after 11 years of dedicated , honorable service to A.I.G. …
The profitability of the businesses with which I was associated clearly supported my compensation .
I never received any pay resulting from the credit default swaps that are now losing so much money .
I did , however , like many others here , lose a significant portion of my life savings in the form of deferred compensation invested in the capital of A.I.G. - F.P. because of those losses .
Anyone with an operating brain cell could shred the logic on display here .
AIG had imploded , but unlike a normal failed business , it left a Chernobyl - scale steaming hulk that needed to be hermetically sealed at considerable cost to taxpayers .
Employees of bankrupt enterprises seldom go about chest - beating that they did a good job , it was the guys down the hall who screwed up , so they therefore still deserve a fat bonus check .
That line of reasoning is delusional , yet DeSantis had no perspective on it .
And there is the self - righteous “ honorable service , ” which casts a well - paid job in the same terms as doing a tour of duty in the armed forces , and the hyperventilating : “ proud , ” “ betrayed , ” “ unfairly persecuted , ” “ clearly supported . ”
And to confirm the yawning perception gap , the letter was uniformly vilified in the Times ’ comment section , but DeSantis ’s colleagues gave him a standing ovation when he came to the office .
The New York press has served as an occasional outlet for this type of self - righteous venting .
Some sightings from New York Magazine :
[ I ] f someone went to Columbia or Wharton , [ even if ] their company is a fumbling , mismanaged bank , why should they all of a sudden be paid the same as the guy down the block who delivers restaurant supplies for Sysco … ?
I ’m attached to my BlackBerry . … I get calls at two in the morning .
…
That costs money .
If they keep compensation capped , I do n’t know how the deals get done .
It never seems to occur to them , as Clemenceau once said , that the graveyards are full of indispensable men .
So if the cohort with glittering resumes no longer deems the pay on offer sufficiently motivating for them to get out of bed , guess what ?
People with less illustrious pedigrees will gladly take their places .
And the New York Times has itemized how the math of a successful banker lifestyle ( kids in private school , Upper East Side co-op , summer house in Hamptons ) simply does n’t work on $ 500,000 a year .
Of course , it omitted to point out that outsized securities industry pay was precisely what escalated the costs of what was once a mere upper - middle - class New York City lifestyle to a level most people would deem stratospheric .
Although the word “ entitlement ” fits , it ’s been used so frequently as to have become inadequate to capture the preening self - regard , the obliviousness to the damage that high - flying finance has inflicted on the real economy , the learned blindness to vital considerations in the pay equation .
Getting an education , or even hard work , does not guarantee outcomes .
One of the basic precepts of finance is that of a risk - return tradeoff : high potential payoff investments come with greater downside .
But how did that evolve into the current belief system among the incumbents , that Wall Street was a sure ride , a guaranteed “ heads I win , tails you lose ” bet ?
The industry has seen substantial setbacks — the end of fixed commissions in 1975 , which led to business failures and industry consolidation , followed by years of stagflation , punitive to financial assets and securities industry earnings ; the aftermath of savings and loan crisis , which saw employment in mergers and acquisitions contract by 75 percent ; the dot - com bust , which saw headhunters inundated with resumes of former high fliers .
Those who still had jobs were grateful be employed , even if simultaneously unhappy find themselves diligently tilling soil in a drought year , certain to reap a meager harvest .
But you never heard any caviling about how awful it was to have gone , say , from making $ 2 or $ 3 million to a mere $ 400,000 ( notice how much lower the prevailing peak numbers were in recent cycles ) .
And if you were having trouble paying your expenses , that was clearly bad planning .
Everyone knew the business was volatile .
Indeed , the skimpy salaries once served as a reminder that nothing was guaranteed .
So why the unseemly whining ?
It ’s a symptom of longstanding pathologies in the industry that were once narrowly useful but which have gotten wildly out of hand .
It was n’t always that way .
I worked for a few years in the early 1980s in investment banking at Goldman Sachs , and later in the decade starting up the M&A business for a Japanese bank , then the second largest in the world , in that brief window when the island nation seemed to be buying up America .
I have continued to consult to the industry .
Unfortunately , it is n’t hard to see how those on the investment banking meal ticket come to have an unduly high opinion of their worth .
Wall Street jobs have long been the prime objective at the top of the MBA food chain , and that has always been a function of the money .
Aside from looking for people who are well groomed , articulate and reasonably numerate ( image is important , given the fees charged to corporate clients ) , firms screen job candidates for money orientation and what is politely called drive .
At Goldman , the word “ aggressive ” was used frequently a term of approbation .
But the firms are white - collar sweatshops with glamorous trappings .
You do not know how hard you can work , short of slavery , unless you have been an investment banking analyst or associate .
It is not merely the hours , but the extreme and unrelenting time pressure .
Priorities are revised every day , numerous times during the day , as markets move .
You have many bosses , each with independent demands and deadlines , and none cares what the others want done when .
You are not allowed to say no to unreasonable demands .
The sense of urgency is so great that waiting for an elevator is typically agonizing .
If you manage to get your bills paid and your laundry done , you are managing your personal life well .
Exhaustion is normal .
On a quick run home en route to the airport after an all - nighter , a co-worker tried to shower fully clothed .
A setting that would seem to reward , nay require , cutting corners has another striking feature : intolerance for error .
A computation mistake or a typo in a client document is a career - limiting event .
Minor miscues undercut the notion that your firm can execute the more complex and risky elements correctly
And the dynamic does n’t change much over the course of one ’s career .
The drill of being a medical resident ( or pre-Iraq , a tour of duty ) has a known endpoint .
But investment bankers have signed a Faustian contract :
You have no right to personal boundaries .
The business says how high to jump , and you are expected to deliver .
Yes , more senior people have more dignity , but the idea that your needs are second to those of the business never changes .
In my day , it was n’t uncommon for the firm to ask associates to reschedule weddings if they conflicted with a deal .
It was n’t that firms were opposed to marriage ; indeed , the partners knew a young man was theirs once he procured a wife and , better yet , kids .
He was tied hopelessly into a personal overhead structure that would keep him in the business .
Not that there was any real risk that someone would leave voluntarily .
Exhaustion and loss of personal boundaries are an ideal setting for brainwashing , which is why people who have spent much of their career in finance have such difficulty understanding why their firm and their worldview might not be the center of the universe , why they might not be deserving of their outsized pay .
The finance community has other elements in common with cults .
One is the implicit and explicit reinforcement of bankers ’ “ specialness , ” their elite status .
In how many lines of work do you get to meet with CEOs at a tender age , much less work on matters where hundreds of millions , often billion , are routine ?
Senior people in the investment banks are political fundraising heavyweights and sit on high - prestige nonprofit boards .
Anyone of a Calvinist persuasion would be impressed .
Another parallel to cult indoctrination is that the demands of the job remove new hires from established friends and family and plunge them into a new environment .
Most people who come to Wall Street are not New York natives , and the extreme and erratic hours make it difficult to maintain old ties .
Season tickets are likely to be given away .
Vacations ( save for the week before Labor Day and the Christmas - New Year ’s period ) are frequently rescheduled .
Class consciousness is felt nowhere more keenly than in the world of high finance .
Wall Street denizens earn more money than most people — that ’s the point , after all .
And that means they become accustomed to the perks , such as eating at restaurants that might strain the budget of those less well situated .
And , frankly , with their lives revolving around finance and business , other interests wither .
In most cases , it ’s more fun for them to talk shop than to relate to people outside their cloistered world .
The incestuousness often extends to one ’s personal life .
When I was at Goldman , the only married women professionals who were not married to men at Goldman had come to the firm hitched .
These values become deeply internalized .
One buddy , a vice president in hard - charging , testosterone - filled M&A , spent the better part of a weekend lying on her side on the floor of her office , reading deal documents .
She kept reassuring concerned colleagues that she was fine , until the pain got so bad that she relented and called her boyfriend .
He came and took her straight to the hospital .
The doctors operated immediately , assuming she had appendicitis .
They found instead diverticulitis , which usually afflicts the elderly , and she was so close to a colon rupture that they had to remove half of it .
The partners at her firm instructed her to not to return until she had recovered fully .
But this was September .
Bonuses were paid at year end , and as she read the unwritten code , and knew that staying away too long would be seen as a sign of weakness .
She was back at the office three weeks later , looking wan .
She later became the first woman investment banking partner at her prestigious firm .
Her instincts served her well .
Or maybe not .
She later lost 90 percent of the vision in one eye to glaucoma , an easily treated disease , because her overloaded schedule made eye exams seem like a luxury .
Trading , the other side of the business , is stereotyped as the antipode of investment banking , with the market makers and the dealmakers viewing each other in disdain .
While there are other subcultures within large firms , the bankers and the traders are the alphas and set the tone .
In the old days , traders were almost without exception order flow traders who served the socially useful function of making markets in instruments that were n’t listed on exchanges .
It ’s an adrenaline - filled game , with quick highs and gut - wrenching lows .
Unlike bankers , who can never truly take personal credit for the profits on a deal ( even if they brought it in , the firm ’s franchise usually played a role ) , traders see their P&L as their own output , even though they use the firm ’s infrastructure , research and capital .
Historically , traders often came from modest backgrounds Indeed , some scrappy firms such as the former bond market king Salomon Brothers did n’t care if traders had two heads as long as they produced .
But as Wall Street became a bigger and more profitable , in part by eating commercial banks ’ lunch , trading - related jobs became more sought after .
Even Tom Wolfe took note in his 1987 novel Bonfire of the Vanities , portraying Sherman McCoy as inordinately proud of the Ivy Leaguers reporting to him .
As markets became more liquid , and more complex instruments were created , firms began creating specialist trading groups to make bets with house funds .
Unlike the traditional market makers , they did not deal with customer orders but were strictly out to make money into more money .
The pattern for the so - called proprietary traders was set nearly 20 years ago .
Securities industry denizens were taken aback to learn that Larry Hilibrand , a member of Salomon Brothers ’ bond arbitrage group , made $ 23 million in 1990 , then an unseemly sum .
But even that was n’t enough for Hilibrand ; he and his colleagues decamped to form the now infamous Long Term Capital Management , which did spectacularly well before nearly bringing down the entire financial system in 1998 .
Trading is an autistic activity .
Markets are impersonal .
And despite the shows of bravura , there ’s an ever - present undercurrent of terror .
Even if things look to be working out well , they could turn swiftly into monstrous losses .
And again , as LTCM illustrated , it ’s all too easy for successful traders to lose that sense of fear , to start believing in their own genius and take risk recklessly .
The picture of traders , both in the media and too often in their own eyes , reveals more than a bit of a John Galt fantasy , casting them as brilliant , productive people , with others piggybacking on their earnings .
That ’s hogwash .
Traders conveniently forget that they have managed to get themselves in a hugely advantageous position :
They get a slice of their profits if they win , but do n’t disgorge them when they screw up .
The worst that happens is they lose their job .
And a remarkable number fail upwards , or at least sideways .
Witness how John Meriwether , is now raising his third fund after heading two firms ( LTCM and JWM Partners ) that failed .
Moreover , traders benefit from massive subsidies , such as artificially low interest rates ( not just now , but certainly since 2001 and , some argue , even earlier ) , plus industry - serving policies that produced a highly concentrated structure , with a small number of firms sitting at the nexus of massive capital and information flows .
The big Wall Street firm trader ’s claim that he is an independent operator fully deserving his earnings is a wonderful bit of mythology .
It ’s like claiming prowess in hunting based on the results achieved at a well - stocked game reserve , with some of the prey drugged to boot .
Many psychological disorders are otherwise healthy tendencies carried too far , unchecked by other personal attributes .
Single - mindedness , drive to succeed , aggressiveness and lack of remorse are useful traits in business , but when do they tip into the psychopathic ?
In the case of Wall Street , the collective psyche has suffered as important checks on ego and behavior have eroded .
One no longer operative constraint is the partnership form of ownership .
In the days when partnerships prevailed , senior management had good reason to keep pay demands in line .
The partners had most of their wealth tied up in the business ; they lived poor and died rich .
If the firm suffered a loss , the consequences were disruptive to catastrophic .
You could n’t replenish capital easily ; mortgaging the house will only go so far .
And the partners were personally liable .
They were on the hook for any shortfall .
Many once famous Wall Street names lost their independence due to weak performance or losses : Kuhn Loeb , First Boston ( over a series of years ) , Bache & Company , A.G. Becker , Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb ( in 1984 ) , Drexel Burnham Lambert .
But despite the peril it posed to the owners , the partnership form had some compelling advantages : Compensation levels were confidential , so as not to annoy less well remunerated clients , and the firms were not exposed to double taxation .
And the partnerships had a cachet that the public firms , mainly retail brokers , sorely lacked .
That mode of operation in turn produced a great deal of vigilance , at least in the firms that proved to be survivors .
The management committees needed to set pay levels so that the business was also retaining sufficient capital to remain competitive .
These owners also had narrow spans of control , acting as players in as well as managers of businesses they had grown up in .
In the market - making businesses , they were usually the senior traders on the desks and knew the foibles of their subordinates .
And so performance - inducing levels of compensation and the long - term health of the business were held in balance .
Moreover , the leadership had reason to rein in big egos , since they could feel emboldened to take risks that would jeopardize the firms .
In the early 1990s , Sallie Krawchek , then an equity analyst covering publicly owned investment banks for Sanford Bernstein , remarked , “ It ’s better to be an employee of a Wall Street firm than a shareholder . ”
Being public changed all the incentives .
Management had less reason to be cautious .
Indeed , that also showed up in her analysis .
The most profitable business was fixed income , meaning the debt - trading business , and even then the firms were on a trajectory of taking on more risk .
And more risk changes the meaning of trader profits .
The private partnerships had managed against the fact that the non-partner market - makers did n’t share in the downside , and a key device was making sure that joining the partnership was the richest reward .
That alone encouraged underlings to be more judicious .
To illustrate how much values have shifted in a money - minded business , John Whitehead , the former co-chairman of Goldman who presided through 1984 , blasted the current CEO Lloyd Blankfein over the “ shocking ” pay levels .
“ They ’re the leaders in this outrageous increase , ’’ Whitehead remarked in 2007 .
He urged the firm to be “ courageous ” enough to lower bonuses and re-instill a sense of propriety .
But Whitehead , like most seasoned hands trying to persuade younger generations of the error of their ways , was ignored .
In the “ other people ’s money ” world , there was less reason for restraint .
Indeed , an expression has become common that would have been unthinkable in the 1980s : “ IBG , YBG ” — “ I ’ll be gone , you ’ll be gone . ”
In other words , long - term consequences ( likely damage ) do n’t matter ; all that counts is this year ’s kill .
And if it ’s big enough , you will never need to work again .
This attitude is predatory .
And it has become widespread .
A former Deutsche Bank employee , Deepak Moorjani , wrote :
When speaking about the banking sector , many people mention a “ subprime crisis ” or a “ financial crisis ” as if recent write - downs and losses are caused by external events .
Where some see coincidence , I see consequence .
At Deutsche Bank , I consider our poor results to be a “ management debacle , ” a natural outcome of unfettered risk - taking , poor incentive structures and the lack of a system of checks and balances .
In my opinion , we took too much risk , failed to manage this risk and broke too many laws and regulations . …
[ T ]he system of incentives encourages people to take risks .
I have seen honest , high - integrity people lose themselves in this cowboy culture , because more risk - taking generally means better pay .
Bizarrely , this risk comes with virtually no liability , and this system of O.P.M. ( Other People ’s Money ) insures that the firm absorbs any losses from bad trades .
And remember , in the Brave New World of OPM , management has every reason to be in on the game .
Their bonuses are a function of the profitability of the businesses that report to them .
And now that the consequences are evident , it is easy to rationalize the behavior : Everyone else was operating the same way , there was money to be made , you were just providing what the “ market ” wanted .
A second change has been in how members of the industry see themselves .
Most I ran across were proud to be members of respected firms ( the reaction when offering your card was quick confirmation ) , but no one labored under the delusion that finance was an elevated calling .
It was a necessary function , the plumbing of a capitalist economy .
If there was anything to congratulate yourself for , it was having discovered and gotten into a field that offered outsized rewards , thanks to regulatory and scale - based barriers to entry .
The same M&A banker who jeopardized her health in her successful pursuit of partnership once commented dismissively , “ It ’s indoor work . ”
A successful institutional salesman said he had never run into more mediocre overpaid people than on Wall Street .
Thirty years of conservative extolling of the virtues of “ free markets ” seems to have contributed to the banking sector ’s inflated ego .
Even though the securities markets are far from “ free ” ( they are regulated to varying degrees ) , the mythology has taken hold that players in finance allocate capital to its best uses — a role of vital importance to society — and therefore deserve to be more richly compensated than everyone else .
Such rationales became necessary as growth in capital markets pay greatly outstripped that of other forms of indoor work .
But this flattering self - image is inaccurate .
It ’s the end investors that are making the capital allocation decisions ; the brokers and bankers are facilitators and an information hub .
And , unfortunately , as we ’ve seen with auction rate securities and dodgy collateralized debt obligations sold to hapless investors as far away as Norway and Australia , the sellers were sometimes less than forthcoming about the quality of the wares they were peddling .
Nevertheless , one sees bankers and brokers , who concede that much of the anger directed at fancy finance is “ very well deserved ” nevertheless take DeSantis - like exception to their specialty being spattered in the mud-slinging .
From the blogger Epicurean DealMaker :
And , in twenty years of offering M&A and financial advice to corporate clients , I have yet to meet someone who has intentionally pushed a “ bad ” M&A idea to a client , either .
Sure , I ’ve been in pitches where a banker has proposed silly , ill - thought - out , or downright stupid M&A ideas to a client , but those instances are either unintentional — in which case the client throws the banker out of his office and said banker usually gets fired in the next round of layoffs — or intentionally designed to provoke a deeper and more productive dialogue with the client .
One wonders , has the Epicure ever actually worked on the sell side ?
There , the banker ’s role is to elicit the best possible price .
And , trust me , plenty of crappy businesses get peddled .
That ’s precisely when a broker adds most value , in monetizing a garbage barge , and I saw tons of them when representing one of the preferred dumping grounds , the hapless Japanese .
Ah , but of course !
They are n’t your client ; it ’s perfectly OK if the guy on the other side of the table is a stuffee .
Yet to prove his point that the critics have gone overboard , the Epicure wraps himself and his colleagues in a mantle of “ we ’re good guys in our sector . ”
What is troubling is that his black - and - white portrait does n’t appear to be a rhetorical device ; he seems to believe it .
Later he writes :
Would the esteemed economist from the New York Times care to explain to me exactly how the finance industry was able to unilaterally increase demand for its services while drastically expanding its operating margins ?
Maybe I do n’t remember my entry - level Economics so good , but that strikes me as a somewhat dubious proposition .
And yet , that is exactly the conclusion an inattentive or ill - informed reader would draw from Mr. Krugman ’s tendentious screed : regulate those nasty bankers , before they force our country to lever up and make them filthy rich again !
The anger is as telling as the logic , or lack thereof .
The Epicure never addresses the inconvenient truth that lay at the heart of all those arguments for stricter regulation : that the rising asset values that fueled the securities industry boom in turn were the result of ever - increasing borrowings .
Private sector debt to GDP rose gradually in the 1980s , more steeply in the 1990s , and went near hyperbolic from 1999 onward .
In modern economies , we do n’t let banking systems that lend money on a reckless scale go bust , as much as that would be a useful cautionary practice .
We socialize the losses .
Those who were n’t perps fail to acknowledge that they benefited from the wanton risk - taking nevertheless .
In the case of the Epicurean Dealmaker , how can he not recognize that transaction prices were pushed up enormously by the easy access to cheap deal funding ?
And that his fees , set as a percentage of the deal price , were higher as a result ?
Many of the cheap loans that funded transactions and pushed M&A prices into the stratosphere were in collateralized loan obligations .
The big lenders and investment banks had n’t unloaded them when the crisis hit , so they are part of the losses that taxpayers are now eating .
That ’s why the great unwashed public is furious .
They may lack the sophistication to grasp the arcana of the financial crisis , but they sense that the explanations for the costs they are bearing are insufficient ; they see that a lot more people were feeding at the trough , directly or indirectly , than the poster children served up for public ridicule .
And they ’re right .
So the whining , the petulance , the defensiveness , the distorted reasoning , signifies something much deeper and more troubling .
Finance has lost sight of its role .
Banking and capital markets have become important to advanced economies , but also they represent a charge on the productive economy , just like lawyers and national defense .
Ironically , the Japanese understood this well , and were still unable to prevent a turbo charged borrowing binge that left their economy a mess .
They recognized that letting banks be very profitable comes at the expense of industry .
And indeed , until the global financial crisis , while Japan ’s domestic economy remained mired in deflation , its export sector was still robust .
When our crisis broke out , Japanese policy makers were uncharacteristically blunt and warned the US that the mistake they had made was not cleaning up their banking sector quickly .
We are repeating their error for the very same reason : financial firms have great political clout .
Or , as John Maynard Keynes put it , “ When the capital development of a country becomes a by - product of the activities of a casino , the job is likely to be ill done . ”
Yet the people at the heart of this system , even with the wreckage they created all around them , still fail to acknowledge that the rich pay of recent years was the product of a debt binge .
It was n’t just the makers of the pernicious securities who benefited ; all boats in the finance industry rose with the surge of borrowing .
Trying to defend the status quo ante shows a willful , self - serving blindness to the proper place of financial markets in a healthy economy .
Worse , it bespeaks a dangerous , destructive ideology that has somehow managed to live on , zombie - like , through the crisis .
The idea that the needs of the financial sector trump those of the productive sector is n’t just specious ; as the crisis so vividly demonstrated , it ’s outright dangerous .
But its strange persistence as an article of faith among our leadership class , both in government and the media , has yielded inertia and fecklessness where there should be energy and resolve .
It seems that before we can confront the challenge of mending our broken financial system , a battle of ideology must be waged and won .
And the hour is getting late .
BRANCHBURG -- A Virginia man who once spent eight years on the run from naval investigators was arrested in Somerset County early today with a trove of high - powered weapons , including a grenade - launcher and two assault rifles , along with maps of a U.S. military base and a civilian neighborhood , authorities said .
The federal government ’s Joint Terrorism Task Force quickly joined the investigation into Lloyd R. Woodson , 43 , who had been staying at a Branchburg motel since last week .
Woodson , whose last known address was in Reston , Va. , was wearing a bullet - proof vest and carrying one of the assault rifles — customized to shoot .50 - caliber rounds — when police arrested him after a chase and a scuffle in a local trailer park .
Somerset County Prosecutor Wayne Forrest declined to speculate about Woodson ’s intentions but remarked on the suspect ’s arsenal , which included hundreds of rounds of ammunition , some of them hollow - point bullets , and a night - vision scope .
" In our experience , for private citizens to have this type of armament is quite unusual in Somerset County , " Forrest said .
" If you ’re over in Afghanistan , it would n’t be rare . "
UPDATE :
FBI finds no terrorism link to Virginia man with weapons cache in N.J. motel room
Mixed in among Woodson ’s belongings , the prosecutor said , was a Middle Eastern , red- and - white traditional headdress .
Forrest said his office reached out to the Joint Terrorism Task Force — a partnership of federal , state and local agencies administered by the Department of Justice — and that the agency had assigned an investigator from the FBI and another from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco Firearms and Explosives .
Calls placed to the task force and to the FBI in Newark late this afternoon were not immediately returned .
Forrest , citing security risks , declined to identify the military base or the civilian community depicted on Woodson ’s maps .
He said the civilian neighborhood was not in New Jersey .
Investigators , meanwhile , were seeking to learn more about Woodson , who was charged with multiple weapons counts , resisting arrest and other charges .
He remained at the Somerset County Jail last night .
A U.S. Navy spokesman , Lt. Justin Cole , said Woodson joined the service in February 1988 and served aboard the USS Orion , a submarine tender , before deserting in April 1989 .
It would be eight years before he was returned to Navy custody , Cole said .
A month later , in August 1997 , Woodson was discharged .
It remained unclear last night whether he was passing through New Jersey or settling in for a longer period .
He took a room last week at the Red Mill Inn , on Route 22 .
Shortly before 4 a.m. today , he was in a Quick Chek convenience store on Route 28 when someone in the store called police , saying Woodson had been acting suspiciously .
Branchburg Patrolman Steven Cronce , the first officer to arrive , began to question Woodson and noted he was " extremely nervous , " the prosecutor said .
Cronce also noticed a bulge in the front of Woodson ’s green , military - style jacket , Forrest said .
When the officer continued to question Woodson , the suspect ran from the store and into the nearby Regency Trailer Park on Route 22 , where officers found him .
Forrest said Woodson fought with the officers , who subdued him with pepper spray .
Under his coat was a ballistic vest with a reinforced steel plate and the customized assault rifle , whose ammunition is typically used in heavy weapons mounted on military vehicles .
They found a second assault rifle , a second vest , the grenade - launcher , ammunition , night scope , maps and a police scanner in Woodson ’s room at the Red Mill Inn , where manager Hemant Desai said he ’d seen no hint of trouble during the suspect ’s stay .
On Saturday night , Desai said , he was working the evening shift and heard the sound of a CB or a radio coming from Woodson ’s room .
The lights were off , but Desai could see the faint glow of the television .
" I ’m glad I did n’t open the door , " said Desai , who has a master key to all units .
He said his colleague had gone into Woodson ’s room Sunday morning and did n’t see any weapons .
By Jennifer Golson and Mark Mueller / The Star - Ledger
Previous coverage :
• Somerset authorities seize grenade launcher , weapons cache from Virginia man at motel
Bob Herbert is an angry man .
Day after day , watching the world from his office window at the New York Times , he sees the ravages of capitalism and writes about the poor and exploited people toiling for their daily bread .
Capitalism , he has written many times , conducts a " war against workers , " and examples abound that prove his point .
In a recent column , Herbert rails against Toyota .
No , this is not Toyota making cars with defects , although I am sure that Bob would want to include that item in one of his missives against capitalist oppression .
( You see , capitalists not only exploit workers , but they sell them crummy goods on top of that . )
This time , the column claims the following with the headline : " Workers Crushed by Toyota . "
Wow .
Is Toyota seizing people and conscripting them to work for pennies a day and live in squalid conditions ?
Is it confiscating their earnings ?
( Whoops !
Government does that , but Herbert likes government that engages in heavy taxation , which is not oppressive in Bobspeak . )
No , Toyota is committing the Greatest Sin of All : it is announcing a plant closure .
In Herbert ’s own words , he declares :
California has been very , very good to Toyota .
It is one of the largest markets in the world for the popular Prius hybrid .
Nearly 18 percent of all Toyotas sold in the U.S. are sold in California .
The state has showered the company with benefits , including large - scale infrastructure improvements for its operations and millions of dollars for worker training .
California is one of the key reasons that Toyota is the wealthiest carmaker on the planet .
Obamanomics : How Barac ...
Carney , Timothy P. Best Price : $ 3.00 Buy New $ 6.50 ( as of 04:50 EST - Details )
Toyota is paying the state back with the foulest form of ingratitude .
The company is planning to shut down the assembly plant in Fremont , Calif. , that makes Corollas and the Tacoma compact pickup .
The plant closure will throw 4,700 experienced , highly skilled and dedicated employees onto the street during the worst job market since the Depression , and it will jeopardize nearly 20,000 other jobs around the state .
Indeed , Herbert regards Toyota as a terrible ingrate .
Why , California permitted this company to build an assembly plant there , and now it is planning to close the plant .
How dare the Toyota management think of doing such a thing !
Lest one think I am exaggerating , read on :
It is a cold and irresponsible act on Toyota ’s part , a decision that was not necessary from a business standpoint and that completely disregards the wave of human misery it is setting in motion .
And :
What we ’re dealing with here is the kind of corporate treachery toward workers and their local communities that has ruined countless lives over the past several decades and completely undermined the long - term prospects of the economy .
By the way , what is the crime here ?
Well , it seems that Toyota is moving its operations to places that do n’t meet Herbert ’s approval :
The ( Toyota ) plant is a heck of a lot more viable than the nonstop dissembling of top Toyota executives .
The company could keep the plant open and profitable if it wanted to .
But , instead , it has decided to shift the production of these vehicles to Japan , Canada , Mexico and Texas .
Why does this " fabulously wealthy " company do such things , adding to the unemployment misery of California ?
Herbert does not give a direct answer except to imply that Toyota is filled with ungrateful , wretched capitalists who enjoy inflicting misery upon others .
The decision makers there are ingrates who do n’t understand or care about what is happening in the former Golden State .
Plunder : How Public Em ... Steven Greenhut Best Price : $ 2.28 Buy New $ 11.01 ( as of 12:55 EST - Details )
I might have a suggestion or two .
First , and most important , there is no reason that California , with its wealth of entrepreneurial talent , should have such a high rate of unemployment .
While it is true that the housing boom and bust was particularly pronounced in that state , nonetheless California enjoys advantages that should be to its benefit during trying times .
Second , let ’s be honest about California ; it has become a banana republic because of one thing and one thing only : its government is out of control .
Steven Greenhut , a longtime observer of government in California , has noted in his new book , Plunder , that public employee unions in California have become kleptocrats and have been bleeding the taxpayers of that state for many years .
Furthermore , as the state coffers — built in large part upon the stock market and housing bubbles of the last decade — have been shrinking , the unions have become more militant , more violent , and greedier .
If there is a " war against workers " ( Herbert ’s words ) in California , it has been a war conducted by unionized government employees against everyone else who works for a living .
Do n’t think for a second that the Toyota management has not taken notice .
They are watching the government unions become angrier , nastier , and increasingly out - of - control ; they are watching California ’s politicians , who have promoted this war of government against everyone else , become increasingly vengeful , as businesses and individuals pack up and leave some of the highest levels of taxation and regulation in the country .
I hate to tell this to Herbert — actually , I do n’t hate to tell him — but the decision by Toyota ’s management is not due to some sort of anti-worker arbitrariness on behalf of decision makers .
Toyota does not hate California workers and love employees who are Canadians , Mexicans , and Texans .
Furthermore , there is a large opportunity cost in moving operations , and the Toyota management no doubt has taken all of these things into consideration .
While I am not privy to what Toyota managers might be thinking , I suspect that they understand that California ’s politicians are not going to back down .
Indeed , my sense is that they are going to make the government even more oppressive , raise taxes , and crack down on dissidents .
Like Michigan , where labor unions have plundered the state ’s taxpayers and now reap the nation ’s worst economy , California is on a course of self - destruction .
Unfortunately , people like Bob Herbert believe that the course I have laid out is exactly what should be done in trying economic times .
He really believes that government should be telling people what to eat , to buy , and what to believe , and he really believes that imposing high taxes and empowering a stifling bureaucracy are the paths to prosperity .
However , the people who make the goods and pay the bills are not that stupid .
Toyota is leaving California , and if Herbert and others cannot figure out the reason , then they truly are clueless .
The Best of William L. Anderson
The risk is the EMU version of Mexico 's Tequila crisis or Asia 's crisis in 1998 .
This Ouzo crisis is coming to a head just as tougher bank rules cause German lenders to restrict loans , and it touches on the most neuralgic issue of our day : that governments themselves are running low .
Britain , France , Japan , and the US are all vulnerable .
All must retrench .
The great " reflation trade " of 2009 is over .
After flying a jet filled with relief supplies , doctors and Scientologist healers to Haiti , John Travolta told reporters at the airport in Port - au - Prince , “ We have the ability to actually help make a difference in the situation in Haiti , and I just ca n’t see not using this plane to help . ”
The Associated Press reported that Mr. Travolta flew his own Boeing 707 to Haiti from Florida on Monday , and brought four tons of ready - to - eat military rations and medical supplies along with “ a team including doctors and Scientology ministers . ”
The raw video embedded below shows Mr. Travolta speaking to reporters flanked by his wife , Kelly Preston , and Scientologist ministers , who wear yellow T - shirts .
The Scientologists will join other members of the church who arrived in Haiti last week and have been offering touch therapy to badly injured earthquake survivors at the General Hospital in Port - au - Prince .
On Saturday , the French news agency Agence France - Presse reported that one Scientologist from Paris who gave her name as Sylvie claimed that the controversial church ’s techniques were working :
“ We ’re trained as volunteer ministers ; we use a process called ‘ assist ’ to follow the nervous system to reconnect the main points , to bring back communication , ” she said .
“ When you get a sudden shock to a part of your body the energy gets stuck , so we re-establish communication within the body by touching people through their clothes , and asking people to feel the touch . ”
Next to her lay 22 - year - old student Oscar Elweels , whose father rescued him from the basement of his school where he lay with a pillar on his leg for a day after the deadly Jan. 12 quake .
His right leg was amputated below the knee and his left leg was severely bruised and swollen . [… ]
“ One hour ago he had no sensation in his left leg , so I explained the method to him , I touched him and after a while he said ‘ now I feel everything ’ , ” said Sylvie .
“ Otherwise they might have had to amputate his other leg . ”
The news agency said that an American doctor at the hospital who asked not to be identified commented sarcastically , “ I did n’t know touching could heal gangrene . ”
Wild Geese
by Mary Oliver
You do not have to be good .
You do not have to walk on your knees
For a hundred miles through the desert , repenting .
You only have to let the soft animal of your body
love what it loves .
Tell me about your despair , yours , and I will tell you mine .
Meanwhile the world goes on .
Meanwhile the sun and the clear pebbles of the rain
are moving across the landscapes ,
over the prairies and the deep trees ,
the mountains and the rivers .
Meanwhile the wild geese , high in the clean blue air ,
are heading home again .
Whoever you are , no matter how lonely ,
the world offers itself to your imagination ,
calls to you like the wild geese , harsh and exciting —
over and over announcing your place
in the family of things .
For your musical enjoyment , here is “ Cast Your Fate to the Wind ” as played by George Winston from his great album “ Linus & Lucy : The Music Of Vince Guaraldi . ”
https://mettarefuge.files.wordpress.com/2010/03/01-cast-your-fate-to-the-wind.mp3
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
A window cleaner died after repeatedly stabbing himself in the leg with a giant pencil .
Jeffrey Burton 's body was found in a blood soaked room at his home in St Leonards with a gash to his upper right thigh and an oversized souvenir pencil covered in blood next to his ankle .
The 57 - year - old , who ran his own window - cleaning business , died from loss of blood .
But last night it remained a mystery how Mr Burton had died - with a coroner admitting he was baffled as to what had happened .
An inquest at Hastings was told Mr Burton , of De Cham Road , had no history of suicide attempts and was looking forward to going on holiday .
His calendar for the next month was filled with routine appointments and arrangements to meet friends .
Mr Burton 's sister , Patricia Goodsell , told the inquest the jumbo pencil had belonged to their mother , who died in 2008 , and that her brother had used it in yoga - like exercises .
The victim ’s only history of mental illness was a psychotic episode in 2006 , when Mr Burton heard voices after returning from a holiday in Spain , and was admitted to the now - closed Woodlands mental health unit .
With no suicide note , his death on September 27 remains a mystery to family and friends .
Mr Craze recorded an open verdict saying there was no evidence he was trying to commit suicide .
" A more estimable man , or truer patriot , could not have left us , " Jefferson wrote to Bringhurst .
" Among the first of the advocates for the rights of his country when assailed by Great Britain , he continued to the last the orthodox advocate of the true principles of our new government and his name will be consecrated in history as one of the great worthies of the revolution . "
There are certain factors external to the performance of sports - persons which defines the performance of a country in an international sports meet .
According to the study , it is poor social mobility because of poor infrastructure that leads to poor performance at the Olympics .
It cites the example of Portugal where improvement in radio communication supposedly improved Olympics performance due to increased social mobility , which allowed the exposure of rural talents to international sports .
Consider this , in the Beijing Olympics the Chinese government had invested around Rs 2030 billion for the event .
According to officials about 95 % of this amount was spent on infrastructure , energy , transportation and water supply projects .
Whereas , Finance Minister P. Chidambaram had allocated Rs.11.12 billion as the total sports budget for 2008 - 09 , with special provision of only Rs.6.24 billion for preparations for the 2010 Commonwealth Games .
Improvement of infrastructure is one area where Governments worldwide have often resorted Public - Private Partnerships .
Examples related to such infrastructure development linked to sports are also not rare .
In preparation for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler the Government of British Columbia has resorted to PPP .
Examples of projects in the region include highway construction projects and the building and operating of health care facilities .
The private partner ’s tasks are design , construction , finance and operations with minimal involvement by the government .
The private entity earns returns through use fees or other revenue - generating or expense recouping features over a period of 25 - 40 years .
Although such projects are very long - term and require heavy investment , the private partner receives a long stream of steady cash - flows and also earns new business opportunities .
Similarly , there are examples of private partners building and operating stadia as part of a PPP project .
One notable example is the 90 - feet tall Rice & Arlington Sports Dome in St. Paul , Minnesota .
Inside Sports , a St. Paul - based company initially formed for building the dome , leases the facility and manages its day - to - day operations .
Soon after opening , several softball , soccer , and baseball leagues were formed to play in the new dome .
The dome was also used for private lessons , clinics , parties , and batting practice .
Thus not only did the private entity earn a steady source of cash - flows , the new structure was a boon to the development of a culture for sports which otherwise would have struggled to develop .
These are but instances of ways that have the scope of improving the current status of how sports are treated in India .
Such investment in sports - related infrastructure will imbibe a sport - centric culture , identify new talents and allow them to grow to meet international standards .
Although the impact of such investments ca n’t be realised in the immediate future , but in the long - term this seems to be the most feasible option that is available .
Also , PPP seems to be the most secure , fast and cost - effective way of such infrastructure development given the low levels of investment and involvement that the Indian government has traditional shown towards sports .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
During the financial crisis , many national economies have looked to their government and foreign lenders for financial support , which has translated to increased spending , borrowing , and , in most cases , growing national debt .
Overleveraged consumers and companies struggled to survive their crippling debts , while highly indebted governments enacted austerity measures and sought the aid of international organizations for bailouts in the face of soverign defaults .
Deficit spending , government debt and private sector borrowing are the norm in most Western countries , but due in part to the rough economy , some nations are in considerably worse debt positions than others .
One way to get the big picture of the level of borrowing is through external debt .
External debt is a measure of a total debt in a country that is owed to creditors outside that country ; foreign liabilities , capital plus interest that the government , institutions and people within a nation ’s borders must eventually pay .
In short , this number extends beyond simply government debt , but also debt owed by corporations and individuals .
For instance , debt owed by the U.S. governmentis not only held by countries such as China and Japan , but also by institutions within the U.S. , such as financial instutitions , mutual funds and intragovernmental organizations .
These domestic holdings would not factor into external debt totals .
So , how does the U.S. debt position compare to that of other countries ?
A useful measure of a country ’s debt position is by comparing gross external debt to gross domestic product .
By comparing a nation ’s total debt to what it produces , this ratio can be used to help determine the likelihood that a country as a whole will be able to repay its debt .
This report takes a look at the world ’s 75 largest economies to see which ones have the highest external debt - to - GDP ratio , calculated using the most recent numbers ( Q3 2011 ) from the World Bank .
We ’ve listed the top 20 here .
Since the first time this report was published in April 2009 , the debt situations of many countries have become of increasingly influential in the markets .
In many European nations , these debt levels have caused international organizations and bond investors to pressure governments to cut public debt through austerity measures and additional reductions in spending .
The countries in the most dire need are the ones in which government debt is a large proportion of external debt , such as the Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece and Spain , the so - called PIIGS .
So , what are the world ’s biggest debtor nations ?
Click ahead to find out .
By Paul Toscano
Updated 13 March 2012
Originally published in April 2009
On the very day he publicly declared consent for the use of reconciliation to pass health reform legislation , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) got the gut - wrenching news that his wife and daughter were in a serious car accident on Interstate 95 in Fairfax , VA .
Mrs. Reid ’s car was rear - ended by a semi- truck , according to the senator ’s office .
Reports called the accident a “ chain - reaction . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Jon Summers , Reid ’s spokesman , told reporters in a prepared statement that the senator ’s wife Landra , 69 , broke her nose , back and neck , but can feel her limbs .
Doctors said her injuries are non-life threatening .
Reid ’s daughter , Lana , sustained cuts to her face and an unspecified neck injury .
“ Senator Reid has been to the hospital and appreciates the support he and his family are receiving from Nevadans and his colleagues in the Senate , ” reads the advisory .
“ Reid was meeting in his office with Speaker Nancy Pelosi and White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel — ironically , about health care — when he learned of the accident , ” according to Newsweek .
“ He left the meeting to go to the hospital , then returned later to the meeting .
He was heading back to the hospital tonight . ”
Senator Reid , 70 , married Landra in 1959 , according to Politico .
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - A traditional Emirati restaurant in Dubai has added a new entree to its menu billed as a fat - free choice for carnivorous but health - conscious diners : the Camel Burger .
For 20 UAE dirhams ( $ 5.45 ) , the Local House restaurant offers a quarter pound camel burger , loaded with cheese and smothered in burger sauce , the Xpress weekly newspaper reported on Thursday .
Ali Ahmad Esmail , Local House assistant manager , told the paper that the burger patties were fat - and cholesterol - free .
But he declined to say how the outlet tenderized the tough camel meat .
“ It ’s a trade secret , ” he said .
Camel meat is widely eaten in some Arab countries , but is not typically sold in supermarkets or served in restaurants .
The paper reported that Local House said it was the first to introduce the burger in the United Arab Emirates .
A fast food outlet in neighboring Saudi Arabia put baby camel burgers on its menu last year .
The camel burger , a hit with residents and tourists , could soon also be on offer in the Burj Khalifa , the world ’s tallest tower formerly known as Burj Dubai , where Local House may open a branch , the paper said .
The burger is served with fries or potato wedges , and the paper suggested it could be washed down with a soft drink or a camel milkshake , also available in Dubai .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Email
Telegram
As a writer from 1993 to 2005 at Japan ’s Yomiuri Shinbun newspaper , Jake Adelstein built up a network of police , yakuza , and media contacts .
( CPJ )
A polite man in a suit gave investigative reporter Jake Adelstein the message from a leader of one of Japan ’s organized crime groups when he was first working on the story back in 2005 : “ Erase it , or be erased . ”
Adelstein backed off , but he did n’t stop researching Tadamasa Goto , a thuggish leader of the Japanese mafia , or yakuza .
The second time , there was no message .
In 2008 , it was Adelstein ’s sources who informed him his relentless inquiries had crossed a line .
Do n’t go home , they told him — Adelstein is originally from Missouri — America would not be far enough .
“ There were two smart things I did , ” he says over lunch on a rainy afternoon in Tokyo .
The first was to ask a mob boss for comment .
“ You have to understand your enemy , ” Adelstein tells me .
Hinting to a rival faction that he planned to expose Goto mobilized underworld as well as law enforcement interest in his survival .
And the second ?
“ I wrote the piece . ”
Before a story ’s printed there is more incentive to prevent it , he says .
Erase or be erased became “ publish or perish , ” as he put it in Tokyo Vice , a riveting firsthand account of his work on the Japanese police beat published in October 2009 .
Tired — a chronic insomniac now , he confesses — but affable , Adelstein appears relaxed about his present security .
Looking back , however , he is quick to admit , “ It could have gone very wrong . ”
The piece itself was dynamite : Yakuza leader Tadamasa Goto jumping the queue at UCLA medical center for a liver transplant , his 2001 entry to the U.S. granted at the behest of the FBI for the promise of intelligence on a yakuza operation laundering money through American banks and casinos .
The Japanese media would n’t run it ; in fact , they ran a mile .
“ We publish this , and not only will we have to deal with Goto ’s lawyers , we ’ll have to spend a fortune on beefing up corporate security .
Retaliation will be certain , ” one senior editor at a publishing house told Adelstein .
Foreign correspondents thought he was crazy .
Eventually , after meticulous fact - checking , the story was published in May 2008 by The Washington Post , with a follow - up by Los Angeles Times that included details of a $ 100,000 donation to the Westwood hospital where Goto and three of his affiliates received treatment .
With still only tepid coverage of the news in the Japanese - language press , Adelstein and a Japanese friend wrote it up as a chapter in an anthology of “ taboo ” news stories of 2008 , published in August that year .
His colleague Tomohiko Suzuki began receiving threats as well .
Adelstein hired a bodyguard .
But by October , he says , Goto had been expelled from the organization .
Given the mob leader ’s loss of influence , and subsequent reinvention as a Buddhist priest , Adelstein says he believes the price on his head has plummeted in value .
Currently splitting his time between his wife and two kids in Washington , and Tokyo , he is considering moving back to his adopted country full time .
After 22 years in Japan , Adelstein is uniquely situated to understand the risks for local journalists .
Studying at Tokyo’s Sophia University in the early 1990s , he set himself the unusual task of becoming the first U.S. citizen to pass the recruitment test for the prestigious Yomiuri Shinbun newspaper .
Hired as a staff writer in 1993 , he found his way to the crime division and built up a network of police , yakuza and media contacts .
During our meeting , he frequently references hard - hitting yakuza journalist Mizoguchi Atsushi , whose son was stabbed in 2006 following a series of his father ’s unpopular investigative reports .
( Two men were tried and convicted in the case but refused to reveal the mastermind behind the nonfatal attack , according to reports on Mizoguchi ’s Web site . )
Mizoguchi’s own warning from a mob source came in the guise of reassurance when he most feared for his life , Adelstein tells me .
This was the gist of it :
Do n’t start worrying for at least the next five years — we wo n’t even try to kill you until then .
Indirect threats , vulnerable sources and family members , and inadequate support from law enforcement in the form of programs like witness protection , are all factors that make the yakuza danger intangible and hard to combat .
Adelstein identifies the yakuza ’s preferred form of retaliation , which , he says , is usually a disappearance or apparent suicide .
He tells me of his survival strategy : “ You make it clear you wo n’t kill yourself . ”
In Tokyo Vice , Adelstein ’s source tells him the story of Japanese director Juzo Itami , whose 1992 film Minbo no onna satirized organized crime .
Itami was apparently planning a new movie about Goto ’s yakuza faction and its relationship with the religious group Soka Gakkai .
“ Goto was n’t happy about that , ” Adelstein ’s source told him .
“ A gang of five of his people grabbed Itami and made him jump off a rooftop at gunpoint .
That ’s how he committed suicide . ”
Journalists themselves , moreover , do n’t always rush to defend investigative colleagues .
Adelstein paints two distinct portraits of the Japanese reporter , with the archetypes at war in the newsroom : Troublemakers covering current affairs are working directly at odds with practitioners of what he likes to call “ pronouncement ” journalism , those who make their careers on the political beat citing press releases and official leaks .
Yakuza business operations often affect political and economic interests , the latter ’s bread and butter , says Adelstein — whose reporting revealed that a talent agency with the power to grant ratings - grabbing media interviews with some of the country ’s top celebrities was run by organized crime .
Tokyo
Vice has yet to find a local publisher , although in the age of the Internet , there is always the option to release a translation without one .
Adelstein promotes the book via his personal Twitter account , and it got online coverage in Japanese , including on a Web site called Tokyo Outlaws , one of a handful of upcoming media outlets he considers a powerful outlet for non-mainstream reporting .
Adelstein also uses online articles , including on his own bilingual Web site , Japanese Subculture Research Center , to draw attention to colleagues under threat .
It is just a part of what he does to advocate on behalf of others — when not reporting , consulting or working on his next book , he is public relations director of the D.C. - based Polaris Project Japan , which fights human trafficking .
“ If something ’s wrong , ” he tells me , simply , “ you say something . ”
( Reporting from Tokyo )
Screenwriter Julian Fellows blasts TV executives for being obsessed with ' mythical ' younger audience
Screenwriter Julian Fellowes said that TV is for a ' more adult ' audience
Television executives are obsessed with pandering to youthful audiences , an Oscar - winning screenwriter claims .
Julian Fellowes , who wrote Gosford Park and Young Victoria , said broadcasting bosses should stop seeing age as a problem .
He said TV was run by children of the 1960s who were caught up in the cult of youth and wanted to believe they were still young at heart .
' One of the agreeable things about TV is that it is for an older , more adult audience , ' said Mr Fellowes .
' You often hear talk about trying to get a young audience but television is not really for a young audience .
' They have a different way of spending their time .
Very few in their teens and twenties will watch TV in the traditional way .
' I can't tell you the number of discussions I 've had about this mythical youth audience .
It fascinates me that very few TV executives seem to feel empowered to embrace the older audience . '
Mr Fellowes , 60 , said that attitudes change by the age of 30 : ' The age thing should not be seen as a problem for television .
We should not lose sight of the older audience .
The age of TV is 30 until death . '
He told Broadcast 's TV Drama Forum that the industry needed to learn from the 1990s series Cold Feet .
He claimed it had been repeatedly turned down by executives because it focused on the over - 30s - the precise reason it became so popular .
Fellowes cited 1990s series Cold Feet as a perfect example of the ideal TV show
ITV , which has commissioned his new drama Downton Abbey , has axed shows popular with older audiences including Heartbeat , The Royal and Kingdom .
Laura Mackie , ITV 's director of drama , said : ' ITV aims to make drama that appeals to a broad audience and Julian is right in saying that drama viewers tend to skew older .
' That said , a number of our series including Wild At Heart and Married , Single , Other do have appeal to the young and we always aim for as diverse an audience as possible ' .
On camera : Screenwriter Fellowes also starred in BBC family drama Monarch Of The Glen
A BBC spokesman said : ' The average age of our drama audience is 55 and while it is vital that we continue to cater for them - and equally our younger viewers - the defining quality for us is always how good a script is .'
25 March 2010 : From a Boeing 777 to a Mini Cooper and a even a fruit bat , Brit artist and X - ray boffin Nick Veasey has captured them all .
Veasey uses a cargo scanner to make the images , some of which cost thousands of pounds to produce
Garlic is often used as a flavor for cooking .
It ’s useful for medicine in both modern and ancient times .
It ’s used to handle a wide spectrum of conditions and diseases .
Garlic has a unique reputation of being a very strong antioxidant loaded with antiviral , microbial and antibiotic features .
It is also quite potent for addressing flu and cold as it provides a decongesting effect .
It is also a good source of enzymes , vitamins , and minerals which help in boosting immunity .
In summary , garlic is one item that offers a host of benefits when used .
But , what are the pickled garlic health benefits you should know ?
Pickled Garlic Health Benefits
Consuming pickled garlic gives users the total benefits associated with using garlic .
But it does this without the secondary garlic odor or the bad breath that comes when you use dried or fresh garlic .
Here are some of the unique benefits of pickled garlic health benefits :
1. Brain Cancer
The Organo - Sulfur compound that is in the garlic has been to help in destroying one of the dangerous cells in brain tumors .
Research has shown that three organo - sulfur compounds derived from garlic like the DADS , DAS and DATS have shown great effect removing brain cells .
DATS has shown to be the most effective of the lot .
There is a need to verify some of the claims .
2. Lung cancer
People who use raw garlic two times each week showed a lower risk of suffering from lung cancer .
The same effect is in consuming pickled garlic .
Studies have shown that Garlic can act as a chemo - preventive agent for addressing lung cancer .
3. Cold Prevention
Cold most of the time arises when there is a drop in the immunity of the body when an attack occurs .
Garlic can do this because it has some anti-oxidants which boost the human immune system .
By consuming garlic either pickled or raw , you will be protecting yourself from possible attacks of cold .
If you get cold , then you could use garlic to fight it .
All you need to do is prepare tea and put some garlic into it .
Its antibacterial capabilities will make sure that garlic solves the issues of cold .
4. Arthritis solution
The anti-inflammatory constituent of garlic assists in boosting our musculoskeletal system .
For instance , the diallyl sulfide ( DAS ) is the reason for garlic ’s arthritic properties .
You can combat the spread of arthritis by consuming raw garlic , pickled garlic or garlic pills .
5 . Heart benefits
One of the most profound researches carried out on garlic has to do with its cardiovascular benefits .
Cholesterol may be a major indicator of the state of health of the heart .
But , it is not the only factor for heart attacks and atherosclerosis .
Pickled garlic has helped in the reduction of the cholesterol levels of the body .
But the major benefit of garlic is in its ability to lower oxidative and inflammatory stress which is the major roots of blood circulatory and atherosclerosis issues .
Furthermore , the sulfuric contents of garlic have helped in the reduction of oxidative stress as well as some other compounds .
In addition to this , garlic also assists in the protection of the human blood vessels while also assisting in preventing the formation of blood clots that are the main causes of heart conditions .
Also , the Allicin content helps lower the human blood pressure by the contractions of the blood vessels .
Finally , the Hydrogen sulfide constituent assists in dilating the blood and as such helps in preventing an increase in blood pressure .
6. Toenail Fungus
Garlic is a natural antifungal .
You may opt to use it on the affected toenail or use the extract along with hot water and dip your feet into it .
Ensure that you keep your feet in the water for 30 minutes .
If you have a toenail fungus that is quite old , you will have to cover the nail using garlic squeeze after which you are to wrap it using a bandage .
Ensure that it is this way all through the night .
Ensure that the toe is clean at all times .
Do this daily with consistency and the fungus will disappear within a few months .
It is , yet , the advisable ideal you do this under the supervision of a doctor so that there wo n’t be any adverse complications .
7 . Hair loss prevention
The Allicin content of garlic is good for the prevention of hair loss .
There are two ways you can prevent hair loss .
You can either opt to rub the garlic slices on the scalp .
To do this , you need to cut about 3 mm vertical slices from the garlic .
After doing this , you should rub them immediately on the scalp by extracting the juice .
Also , you may use the pickled garlic in oil .
This is by peeling about 4 cloves of garlic and squeezing them in .
add the garlic to olive oil and massage the same on your scalp .
8. Soothing Psoriasis
The patches that come with Psoriasis can be quite scratchy and painful .
You can sooth these pains by using either pickled garlic or garlic oil .
Garlic contains anti-inflammatory properties which help in reducing the pains .
Also , you may use cut garlic cloves on the areas affected .
You may experience a burning sensation , but this will lead to alleviation of the pain and scratching .
What Is The History Of Garlic ?
Garlic has found applications all over the world for several centuries .
For instance , historical records state that Garlic has been used since the period the Giza pyramids constructed over 50 centuries ago .
Hippocrates is known as the father of western medicine prescribed garlic as a solution for different illnesses and conditions .
He advocated for the use of garlic in the treatment of parasites , respiratory problems , fatigue , and indigestion .
Also , one of the earliest known use of performance enhancement drugs occurred in Greece when Garlic was given to Olympic athletes .
With time , there was a spread of Garlic from ancient Greece to other civilizations of western India and Pakistan from where it arrived in China .
Historical accounts show that they used garlic in the treatment of hypertension , Bronchitis , Liver disorders , flatulence , intestinal worms , colic , diabetes and fever in Asia and the Middle - East .
The New World got their first taste of garlic through the influence of the Spanish , French , and Portuguese .
How Can I Pickle Garlic ?
One unique feature of pickled garlic is that it is mellow and has a softer and sweeter flavor .
They may not be as strong and effective as pure garlic , but they are quite useful when they used in snacks .
When it comes to pickling anything , you need to ask yourself if you want to do it the easy or hard way .
The hard way involves canning the pickled garlic .
It is n’t that difficult , but it usually requires close attention to details .
Pickling involves bathing a food item inside brine and allowing it to cure before you eat it .
Brine is a combination of vinegar and salt .
You may add pepper , sugar , and herbs .
To pickle garlic , you need a clean jar and garlic washed in warm water .
It does n’t matter if you washed them the last time you kept them , ensure you wash them again .
The next step involves peeling out the garlic cloves and put them into the jar .
Then flavor the garlic by adding hot chili pepper or black peppercorns .
You may also use things such as dill , rosemary and bay leaves .
You will then have to use the brine after which you add some salt and sugar .
Using vinegar will give you different types of flavor .
The next thing would be to add some salt and sugar in the sugar .
Cover it and refrigerate it for some weeks so that it can cure before it is used .
What Are The Uses Of Pickled Garlic ?
Garlic finds application for several conditions .
Some of these conditions include heart - related conditions , such as atherosclerosis , heart attack , high cholesterol , hypertension , and coronary heart conditions .
Garlic is also used by people for preventing conditions such as prostate cancer , lung cancer , stomach cancer , breast cancer , rectal cancer , and colon cancer .
But , only a few of these uses have some scientific backing
Conclusion
The benefits of pickled ginger are enormous was proven through conventional and non-conventional means .
The benefits range from curing a cold to addressing heart - related issues to mention a few .
But , the benefits do not end with your health ; pickled ginger is also a very good spice that adds taste to your food in a most unique manner .
This is why it is becoming popular .
Ginger generally has over the years proven to be a spice with relevance and it seems this relevance does not look like abating anytime soon .
You May Like These Articles As Well :
How Long Is Urine Good For A Drug Test ?
Does Happiness Exist ?
It 's a complicated problem that comes down to which lien takes precedence , and the previous administration attempt to help people who are in over their head due to second mortgages was a failure .
The program was also stymied by the unwillingness of banks to take losses on the loans :
Programs to help distressed borrowers so far have focused on lowering the payments on their primary mortgage .
But during the go - go years of the housing market , millions of homeowners took out a second or even third loan backed by their home .
Many were piggyback mortgages , which enabled home buyers to put little or no money down , while others took advantage of rising home prices to secure home - equity lines of credits .
Now , these secondary loans are aggravating the foreclosure crisis , adding an extra burden that can be the difference between borrowers digging out of debt and losing their home .
The extra mortgages also make it far more unwieldy for lenders to untie the knot of excessive debt and provide relief to borrowers .
And even when borrowers do get help with their primary mortgages , the second loans can continue to bedevil homeowners , raising the risk they will default later .
The Obama administration is about to ramp up its efforts to tackle second mortgages as part of an aggressive program announced by the White House on Friday to address foreclosures .
Other steps include a requirement that lenders offer temporary mortgage relief to unemployed borrowers and increased incentives for lenders to cut loan balances for borrowers who owe more than their homes are worth .
At least 10 times a day Andrew Kin clicks onto the Internet for the pure joy of watching his electricity meter run backward .
The 30 - year - old business consultant placed an array of rooftop solar panels on his Westwood duplex last fall , and thanks to a website provided by his installer he has watched his monthly electricity bills drop , in real time , from $ 50 to about $ 10 .
“ I make up a little chart every day , ” Kin said .
“ This past week was sunny , so I was electricity neutral about every other day , which I ’m excited about . ”
Friday , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is expected to sign legislation that will make it possible for more Californians to sell the electricity they produce back to their utilities at retail prices .
Advertisement
The legislation , written by Assemblywoman Nancy Skinner ( D - Berkeley ) , doubles to 5 % the overall amount of energy that California ’s investor - owned utilities must buy back .
Previously , state law required electric companies to sign so - called net - metering contracts for up to only 2.5 % of their load .
Solar advocates said the net - metering boost would allow consumers to recoup their investment faster , which is critical to California ’s goal of installing a million rooftop arrays by 2017 .
Some 50,000 California homes benefit from net - metering today , a number that would need to grow rapidly if the state is to reach its goal of obtaining 3,000 megawatts from rooftop solar .
Advertisement
California leads the nation in solar energy , accounting for more than 65 % of all the solar installed in the U.S. , Skinner said .
“ Net metering has been absolutely fundamental to that success , ” she said .
But both public and private utilities have been wary of encouraging rooftop solar installations , preferring large , centralized arrays .
Many of these big plants -- which are proposed to be built in environmentally fragile desert regions and require transmission lines through populated areas -- have attracted controversy .
The 2.5 % rooftop solar cap , originally set into law at the utilities ’ insistence , would have halted new net - metering contracts for businesses , schools and consumers served by Pacific Gas & Electric Co. by next year .
It would have eventually done the same at other utilities .
Advertisement
The state ’s major investor - owned utilities , which endorse the new 5 % cap , had fought off two earlier bills , one to eliminate the cap altogether , and another to raise it to 10 % .
“ California has millions of buildings , the vast majority of which could host a solar system , ” said energy specialist Bernadette del Chiaro of the nonprofit group Environment California .
“ We have n’t reached our true potential for solar power , partly because of a lack of support by utilities who still see customer - owned solar power as a threat to their business model .
California should ultimately not limit the number of people capable of going solar , plain and simple , even if that is what utilities clamor for . ”
Public utilities such as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power do not have a mandated cap , but solar advocates have been critical of the DWP ’s commitment .
The utility has only 2,941 installed and pending rooftop systems representing only 0.6 % of its power load
Advertisement
Nonetheless , Kin said that the $ 22,000 cost of his solar rooftop system dropped to $ 8,000 with $ 11,000 in incentives from DWP , plus tax breaks .
During the day , when he ’s not home , his panels feed electricity to the DWP .
At night , when he returns , he turns on lights and television , and sucks power from the grid as in most homes .
margot.roosevelt @latimes.com
WASHINGTON — Despite the recent surge of support among Democrats for the public health insurance option , its omission wo n’t strip the support of senators who have championed its passage through reconciliation , aides say .
In less than a week , 20 senators signed on to a letter authored by Sen. Michael Bennett ( D - CO ) calling for a reconciliation vote on the public option , which is popular among voters but highly controversial in Congress .
ADVERTISEMENT
Two of these senators ’ aides said Monday that while their bosses would strongly prefer that the provision be included , they ’ll move forward with or without it .
“ It ’s by no means a deal - breaker , ” one aide told Raw Story .
“ That ’s always been the case .
We ’ve always believed that this is n’t the only way to go about health care reform . ”
A second aide added , “ Some of us are very solidly behind the public option , but we still voted for the Senate bill in the end so we could act and get this done . ”
So effective was the letter that even Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) signaled by the end of the week he would consider using reconciliation to pass the provision .
But on Monday Reid made no mention of the provision while announcing his support for the newly - released White House proposal that excluded it .
Given that the public option has been polling much more favorably than the overall Senate health bill — which a new survey conducted by the nonpartisan Research 2000 re-affirms — progressives were confounded and frustrated by the White House ’s exclusion of it .
ADVERTISEMENT
In December a CBS News poll found that six in ten Americans support the public option .
At the same time , polls have been showing for several months that the percentage of people who oppose the overall Senate health care package outstrips its supporters .
But the enthusiasm for it among Senate Democrats appears lukewarm at best .
While neither the White House or the Democratic leadership appears willing to make the heavy lift and whip up votes for the provision , Obama and Reid have both expressed willingness to pass the final bill through the Senate under reconciliation if Republicans choose to filibuster it .
ADVERTISEMENT
The aides were n’t optimistic that Republicans would cooperate in Thursday ’s bipartisan summit , and said using the procedure to push through reform would probably be necessary and was likely to happen .
“ It ’s unlikely Republicans will suddenly decide to actually govern instead of trying to just kill the bill , so we ’ll move forward with or without them , ” the second aide said .
“ For a year they ’ve refused to play ball , so why would they start now ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s encouraging how many Democrats have said whether it ’s 50 or 60 , we ’ve got to get the thing done , ” said the first aide .
House Republican Leader John Boehner ( OH ) blasted the White House draft legislation as a “ Democrats - only backroom deal ” that “ doubles down on the same failed approach that will drive up premiums , destroy jobs , raise taxes , and slash Medicare benefits . ”
Boehner claimed in a statement that Obama “ has crippled the credibility of this week ’s summit ” and alleged it “ clearly has all the makings of a Democratic infomercial . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In an effort to explicate the compromises it has made , the White House on Monday published a list of Republican ideas they included in the draft bill .
They include medical liability reform grants for states and allowing dependents to remain on an insurance policy until age 26 .
With or without the support of the leadership , the momentum for the public option continues to grow .
On Monday Sens. Tim Johnson ( D - SD ) and Debbie Stabenow ( D - MI ) became the 21st and 22nd senators to join the list .
Its four original sponsors are Democratic Sens. Michael Bennet ( CO ) , Sherrod Brown ( OH ) , Kirsten Gillibrand ( NY ) and Jeff Merkley ( OR ) .
No Republicans have signed on to the letter .
The other signatories are Democratic Sens. Robert Menendez ( NJ ) , Arlen Specter ( PA ) , Jeanne Shaheen ( NH ) , Chuck Schumer ( NY ) , Frank Lautenberg ( NJ ) , Barbara Mikulski ( MD ) , Al Franken ( MN ) , Patrick Leahy ( VT ) , John Kerry ( MA ) , Sheldon Whitehouse ( RI ) , Dianne Feinstein ( CA ) Roland Burris ( IL ) , Barbara Boxer ( CA ) , Jack Reed ( RI ) , Tom Udall ( NM ) and independent Bernie Sanders ( VT ) .
We live in a disposable world , but just because things were n't made to last does n't mean you can't make them .
These 10 tips and tricks will help you squeeze more life from your batteries , appliances , flowers , razor blades , and more .
Advertisement
Photo by smplyme84 .
10 . Get More Life from Your Appliances
Advertisement
If you 're lucky , a good appliance can last you for years and years .
If not , you 'll be making those not - so - fun - but - very - expensive purchases way more regularly than you care to .
Increase your chances of keeping those appliances around longer by knowing how to properly care for them .
We 've highlighted tips for proper refrigerator care and vacuum maintenance , and did you know that washing the lint filter in your dryer ( not just cleaning it out ) will increase its life ?
Photo by swanksalot .
( Original posts : Refrigerator , vacuum cleaner , clothes dryer )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
9. Extend the Life of Your Fresh Cut Flowers
Advertisement
Fresh flowers are a tough buy :
They look great and add all kinds of life to a room , but they can also die extremely quickly .
With the right water solution ( think parts sugar , bleach , and citrus ) , your fresh cut flowers can last a lot longer .
Photo by amiefedora .
Advertisement
8. Make Your Clothes Last Longer
Advertisement
Your clothes are way too expensive to be disposable , and besides — that favorite t- shirt is n't going to keep holes out of itself after its thousandth wash .
Personal finance blog Wisebread rounds up a ton of tips for making your clothes last longer , including washing everything in cold water .
In addition to your clothes lasting longer , you 'll also save a ton on your energy bills .
Photo by jon_a_ross .
( Original post )
Cheap Solutions For Long Lasting Clothes
A minor tweak here and there to your laundry and clothing storage routine can yield big savings …
Read more
Advertisement
7. Keep Food Better for Longer
Advertisement
Good food , by its very nature , expires , but with a few smart tricks you can help it last a good deal longer .
Apart from obvious stuff , like storing food in air - tight containers or refrigerating it when applicable , you can also keep certain foods better for longer with clever tricks .
For example , apples can extend the shelf life of cake , herbs last longer if you treat them like flowers , and hard cheese lasts longer if wrapped loosely in parchment paper .
( Original posts : Cake , herbs , cheese )
Advertisement
6. Stretch the Life of Your Laptop Battery
Advertisement
If you 're not looking to entirely resurrect your batteries but just want to improve how long your laptop lasts between charges , you 've got all kinds of options .
Windows 7 users can try previously mentioned Aerofoil to disable Aero graphics and other battery - sucking features when you unplug , and you can always stick to the simple tried - and - true methods like powering down your display 's brightness , turning off unused devices ( like BlueTooth ) , and disabling all those startup items .
It 's also a good idea to occasionally calibrate your battery , and if you 're unsure whether or not it 's better for your battery to keep your laptop plugged in , just remember :
When in doubt , unplug your laptop regularly .
Photo by candescent .
Advertisement
5. Run Windows 7 Longer Without Activation
Advertisement
Windows 7 is already insanely popular considering how new it is and how slow users were to upgrade to Vista , but if you 're taking Windows 7 for a test spin and are n't quite sure you 're ready to pony up for a license , you can extend Windows 7 's activation period by 120 days ( that 's four whole months ) using the same rearm code that worked with Vista .
( Original post )
What 's Your Main Operating System ?
Windows 7 has only been out for about two weeks now , but statistics web site StatCounter reports …
Read more
Advertisement
4. Extend the Usefulness of Your Old MP3 Player
Advertisement
Face facts :
That old MP3 player served you really well , but time is a bitter mistress , and it's not looking quite as shiny as it once did .
If it 's an iPod , take a look at our top 10 ways to repurpose your old iPod .
My favorite hack , whether it's an iPod or not : Breathe new life into your aging MP3 player with the open - source MP3 player firmware , Rockbox .
Advertisement
3. Revive Dead Batteries , Hard Drives in Freezer
Advertisement
Batteries increasingly power our portable gadgets , and while many these days are rechargeable , disposable batteries can cost a pretty penny over time .
Storing the right kinds of batteries in the freezer can make them last longer , and even if your laptop battery goes completely dead , a little time in the freezer can revive it for at least a little bit .
In fact , you can revive a dead hard drive in the freezer .
Photo by scalespeeder .
( Original posts : Batteries in the freezer , Revive dead laptop battery )
Revive a Dead Laptop Battery in the Freezer Click to view Looks like a little freezer time can save more than just a dead hard drive :… Read more
Advertisement
2. Seriously Extend the Life of Your Razor Blades
Disposable razor blades represents every business person 's dream business model :
The razor itself sells for cheap , but the blades — which you need to regularly refill — cost an arm and a leg .
Turns out , however , that you can do a whole lot to make those blades last longer .
Next time your blade 's getting dull , try rubbing it backwards across your skin or a pair of jeans , and for regular upkeep , remember to keep it dry or store it in mineral oil .
Our own Jason Fitzpatrick had all kinds of luck with mineral oil and wet shaving .
( Original posts : Dry blades , Mineral oil )
Advertisement
1. Keep Your Cellphone Battery Trucking All Day Long and Then Some
Advertisement
You rely on your cellphone to stay connected no matter where you are , but if the battery dies , it 's not really doing its job .
Our exhaustive guide to saving your smartphone 's battery life will get you started with tons of methods for making your cellphone battery last longer between charges — like keeping your cellphone outside your pocket and away from extra heat .
If you 're really serious about getting a cellphone that lasts longer , you may even want to consider changing networks .
Photo by [ 177 ] .
( Original posts : Belt - clip cellphone , Choose the right network )
Advertisement
Got a favorite tip of your own for squeezing more life out of your stuff ?
Whether we mentioned it above or not , give a shout out to your favorite in the comments .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
An elderly British grandad has been jailed in a squalid Dubai prison because he can't pay a bill .
Jack Hyndman , 78 , has lived in the Gulf State with wife Betty for 20 years .
They were set to return to the UK but after falling foul of strict debt laws , he was sent to prison on Christmas Eve for an unpaid storage bill .
Betty said : " I do n't know what we 're going to do .
Jack 's ill and lost so much weight . "
Their ordeal began after they packed their things to be shipped to Leeds .
They were shocked to get a £ 5,000 quote but before they could cancel , the firm sent their goods .
They could n't afford the bill and former financial advisor Jack was sentenced to a month in the notorious Central Jail .
Then he fell from the van on his way to prison and seriously injured his back .
It took guards 10 days to get a doctor .
Despite this he has only just been given a bed in his crowded , filthy cell .
His bank account was frozen , meaning they could not pay their rent and so he got another three months ' jail .
Other debts are mounting and their passports have been frozen .
The British Embassy is trying to assist .
An earlier post in this spot detailed what was purported by Republicans to be an internal Democratic memo regarding the upcoming health reform vote Sunday .
Democratic leadership has challenged the authenticity of the memo .
POLITICO has removed the memo and the details about it until we can absolutely verify the document ’s origin .
comments closed
permalink
By Matt Bershadker , ASPCA CEO ; and Rep. Katherine Clark ( D - MA )
In America , one out of four women experiences domestic violence in her lifetime , and a woman is abused every nine seconds .
Many of these women survive by courageously leaving their homes and finding safety in area shelters .
But for some , the decision to save their own lives becomes much more difficult when pets are involved .
M. a domestic violence survivor , chose her life over her home , but says she “ would have left much sooner ” if she knew she could protect her pets .
M. ’s abuser killed her dog and cat , and used the act to threaten her daughter ’s life and prevent M. from leaving .
K. , a 34 - year - old mother of two , delayed leaving her abusive husband because none of the domestic violence shelters in her area would allow her to bring her dog , to whom her children had become very attached .
Another survivor , P. , said her boyfriend dangled her beloved cat out the window and threatened to kill the cat if she upset him .
The abuser set fire to the victim ’s apartment and her cat perished from severe smoke inhalation .
P. eventually found protection for herself and three new cats in a pet - friendly shelter .
These stories are not unique .
As many as 25 % of domestic violence survivors have reported returning to an abusive partner out of concern for their pet .
And that fear is often justified .
Studies demonstrate that abusers intentionally target pets to exert control over their intimate partners — 71 % of pet - owning women entering domestic violence shelters report that their abuser threatened , harmed , or killed a family pet .
This point bears repeating : victims ready to escape from abuse are instead risking their lives to protect beloved family pets .
No one should have to make the impossible choice between leaving an abusive situation and ensuring a pet ’s safety .
Yet despite the urgent need , only 3 % of domestic violence shelters nationwide are able to accommodate victims ’ pets .
That ’s where the Pet and Women Safety ( PAWS )
Act comes in .
Reintroduced in the U.S. House of Representatives today , this bipartisan bill criminalizes the intentional targeting of a domestic partner ’s pet with the intent to kill , injure , harass , or intimidate .
It also establishes a federal grant program to help victims safely house their pets , and adds veterinary care to the list of costs that victims can recover .
Additionally , the PAWS
Act strongly asserts the need for states to expand their legal protections for the pets of domestic violence victims .
To date , more than half of U.S. states , as well as the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico , have taken similar legislative action to protect the pets of domestic violence victims , but no federal legislation has addressed this issue before now .
The federal protections offered by the PAWS Act will help victims and their pets escape abusive environments and seek the safety and shelter they need , across state lines if necessary .
Encourage your representative to join the nation ’s leading domestic violence and animal welfare advocates in supporting the PAWS Act .
As is true in many instances , when we protect pets , we protect people .
By Razia Iqbal
BBC News
Criminal gangs stole this image from genuine charity SOS Children Criminal gangs have been cashing in on the Haiti earthquake by seeking funds for bogus charities via millions of spam e-mails , a BBC investigation has learned .
The Haiti earthquake led to millions of pounds being raised to help people with next to nothing who , literally overnight , found they had even less .
But alongside genuine appeals and donations , something more sinister started to emerge .
Within days , scam e-mails began appearing on the internet .
Some had what looked like logos from genuine charities .
One said it was from the British Red Cross , but was traced to a computer in Nigeria ; another used the Unicef logo , but was nothing to do with them .
Our investigation focused on two e-mails .
One was from a charity called Help the World , which is not registered with the Charity Commission .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
There was a mobile number on the e-mail which we rang .
A man responded and told us how the funds they were raising were being used .
He told us : " We are repairing the centre of the disaster in Haiti .
We focus on the schools in Haiti .
We have to let the children have their future back , you know without education there 's no future . "
None of this was true .
Scam e-mails tend to list only mobile numbers , which a bona fide charity would steer clear of .
We checked with the Charity Commission , who have no record of Help the World .
However , unusually for such e-mails , there was a London address which we checked out .
It turned out to be a jazz and blues bar .
A second group we investigated called itself the M E Foundation and was also not registered with the Charity Commission .
In the e-mails , a Mr David Isco Iker was said to be running the charity .
I asked him how they were getting their donations and what they were using the money for .
He said : " We get mostly phone donations ... mostly for food , medical supplies . "
The BBC has passed this fake ID card to police after its investigation
This was all also untrue .
Unsolicited , the M E Foundation sent us photographs of the Haiti projects they said they were involved with .
One showed rows of white tents with a logo on each one .
We discovered the camp belonged to the well established Cambridge - based charity , SOS Children .
Chief executive of SOS Children , Andrew Cates , told us the picture was one of theirs , cut and pasted from their website , and not from Haiti , but from the Pakistani earthquake a few years ago .
He said : " The problem is it 's not just about exploiting a donor or a charity , really they 're exploiting the victims .
Because they 're taking money people want to give to the victims of these natural disasters and they 're stealing it .
" So I do n't feel that they 're robbing me , I feel that they 're taking from the mouths of children we 're trying to help and that is something which is very difficult not to get angry about . "
HOW TO AVOID SCAMS
Make sure emails are genuine .
If you have any concerns about a request for donations that appears to come from a charity , contact the charity directly Ask for a charity collector 's identification and the charity 's name and registration number Check if a charity is on the public register of charities at www.charitycommission.gov.uk
If you think you have been targeted , report it to the police or contact the Charity Commission
If you want to donate to a particular charity online , visit the charity 's website Source : Charity Commission Research from the Office of Fair Trading shows that last year , around two million people were conned out of cash via scam e-mails of various kinds .
But given the scale and nature of the Haiti tragedy , there is something quite different about this cyber crime .
Richard Hurley from Cifas , the UK 's fraud prevention service , said : " They 're very sophisticated and with that sophistication goes a large level of a very insidious nature which deliberately preys on your feelings for those innocent victims and your desire to help them .
" So it 's making use of human suffering and the best in human nature at the same time simply for commercial profit . "
The evidence against the M E Foundation was piling up .
Their listed address in London turned out to be a newsagents which had been there for 20 years .
The newsagent said he was offended to learn that people were stealing money from others and using his address as a cover .
The other address listed for the M E Foundation was in Malaga , so we went there to try to talk to the people involved .
We told our contact in Spain we would send our donation for the charity via courier .
The address given to us was in a run-down area of Malaga , and our courier waited for the contact .
It all happened in a flash .
Our courier spoke to the man , in Spanish , very briefly .
He clearly identified himself as the man I had spoken to .
However , as soon as the BBC team appeared with a camera and a microphone , he fled , shedding his coat , flip flops , and fake ID .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bruce Bartlett posts this Kos / Research 2000 poll of self - identified Republicans and concludes " that between 20 % and 50 % of the party is either insane or mind - numbingly stupid . "
I always respect Bruce 's view but think rather that this is a function of the GOP becoming more about identity politics and paranoia than individual freedom and hope .
Any party that could treat Sarah Palin as a serious candidate for the vice - presidency has lost its mind - almost as surely as she has lost what remains of hers .
Of course , I notice the question of openly gay men and women as high school teachers .
I notice this because I bet every single one of the respondents who said yes to banning such teachers revere Ronald Reagan , And yet Reagan took a strong stand against exactly that position in 1978 as governor of California .
Yes , 1978 - decades before the enormous shift in public attitudes toward homosexuality that has made a new and more tolerant world today .
What you begin to realize is that on a whole host of issues , the GOP is going backward in areas of social tolerance , as they marinate in their own paranoia and purge every non-ideologue from their ranks .
And as they go backward and feel , yes , left behind , their virulence and resentment intensify .
It 's a classic fundamentalist response to modernity .
IBuffer is a drastic improvement on the current emacs buffer management system .
It ’s main strength is that it allows you to operate on a group of buffers in one go , and it provides an unbelievably large array of keyboard shortcuts to perform said group operations .
Using IBuffer is simple , just stick this in your .emacs file :
( require ' ibuffer )
( global - set - key ( kbd " C-x C - b " ) ' ibuffer-other - window )
I like to see my buffers sorted by major - mode , so I add this bit too :
( setq ibuffer - default - sorting - mode ' major - mode )
To mark a set of buffers for group operations , press ‘ m ’ .
To unmark , press ‘u’ .
Now that we know the basics , let ’s look at some of the awesomeness at our disposal :
( Listed in decreasing order of frequency of use )
' O' - ibuffer - do - occur
– Do an occur on the selected buffers .
This does a regex search on all the selected buffers and displays the result in an * occur * window .
It is unbelievably useful when browsing through code .
It becomes truly awesome when you combine it with the ‘ filter ’ powers of ibuffer ( coming up ahead ) .
Eg : Do C-x C-b , mark all files using ( say ) Perl major - mode , do occur to find out all places where a certain function is mentioned in these files .
Navigate to the point at will through the Occur window .
' M-s a C-s ' - ibuffer - do- isearch
– Do an incremental search in the marked buffers .
This is so awesome that you have to try it right this instant .
Select two or more buffers , hit the hotkey , search for something that occurs in all these buffers .
These two features alone are enough to make me a lifelong fan of IBuffer .
Go do it now !
' Q' - ibuffer - do - query - replace
– Query replace in each of the marked buffers .
I do n’t think I have to sell this feature now that I ’ve explained the first two .
‘ I ’ is it ’s regex brother .
' E' - ibuffer - do- eval
– Evaluate a form in each of the marked buffers .
( i.e. evaluate your own emacs - lisp code on each buffer )
Eg : suppose you are viewing a set of logs that are being updated in real - time .
You want to activate auto - revert - mode on all the logs so that you can see all the changes simultaneously and finally catch that timing issue .
Mark the logs in ibuffer , hit ‘ E ’ and say ( auto - revert - mode 1 )
Some other magic :
=================
' t ' - Unmark all currently marked buffers , and mark all unmarked buffers .
'* *' - Unmark all marked buffers .
'* M ' - Mark buffers by major mode .
'* s ' - Mark special buffers
'/ m ' -
Add a filter by major mode .
'/ n ' -
Add a filter by buffer name .
'/ c ' -
Add a filter by buffer content .
'/ e ' -
Add a filter by an arbitrary Lisp predicate .
'/ /' - Remove all filtering currently in effect .
's f ' -
Sort the buffers by the file name .
's v' -
Sort the buffers by last viewing time .
's s ' -
Sort the buffers by size .
's m ' -
Sort the buffers by major mode .
' =' - View the differences between this buffer and its associated file .
On a final note , I can stack any of these operations on top of each other .
I can do a logical OR or a logical AND of the operations .
My creativity is limited only by my imagination .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Emacs
Find out what Aubree , Watson and Layne think of kiddo number four
Acid rain is a rain or any other form of precipitation that is unusually acidic , meaning that it possesses elevated levels of hydrogen ions ( low pH ) .
It can have harmful effects on plants , aquatic animals , and infrastructure .
( CNN ) --
For the world to tackle truly important problems , people have to stop looking to religion to guide their moral compasses , the philosopher Sam Harris told CNN .
" We should be talking about real problems , like nuclear proliferation and genocide and poverty and the crisis in education , " Harris said in a recent interview at the TED Conference in Long Beach , California .
TED is a nonprofit group dedicated to " ideas worth spreading . "
" These are issues which tremendous swings in human well - being depend on .
And it 's not at the center of our moral concern . "
Religion causes people to fixate on issues of less moral importance , said Harris , a well - known secularist , philosopher and neuroscientist who is the author of the books " The End of Faith " and " Letter to a Christian Nation . "
" Religion has convinced us that there 's something else entirely other than concerns about suffering .
There 's concerns about what God wants , there 's concerns about what 's going to happen in the afterlife , " he said .
" And , therefore , we talk about things like gay marriage as if it's the greatest problem of the 21st century .
We even have a liberal president who ostensibly is against gay marriage because his faith tells him it's an abomination .
" It 's completely insane . "
Watch Harris ' talk at the TED Conference
Harris also said people should not be afraid to declare that certain acts are right and others are wrong .
A person who would spill battery acid on a girl for trying to learn to read , for instance , he said , is objectively wrong by scientific standards .
" It 's not our job to not judge it and say , ' Well , to each his own .
Everyone has to work out their own strategy for human fulfillment . '
That 's just not true , " he said .
" There 's people who are wrong about human fulfillment . "
Harris placed no faith in the idea that Muslims and Christians will be able to put their differences aside and cooperate on global issues .
" There 's no way to reconcile Islam with Christianity , " he said .
" This difference of opinion admits of compromise as much as a coin toss does . "
In learned , polite circles , we learn to agree to disagree , and respect the other 's opinion even if we do n't share it .
But is this really possible ?
One can of course respect the rights of others to express themselves regardless of what that opinion is ( freedom of speech ) , one can accept that people have different preferences ( " I think ' Jersey Shore ' is a brilliant program " is really a statement of preference , not an opinion ) , one can certainly be civil with others that they disagree with , and one can even respect the person who holds an opposing point of view .
But that 's not what I 'm talking about .
Can a pro-abortion rights activist , for example , respect the opinion that women should not have this right ?
Or a libertarian respect a royalist 's political beliefs ?
My specific questions are :
- If you think that it is possible , can you give me examples of opinions that one may profoundly disagree with , but can still respect ?
This can be personal , second - hand , from literature , whatever .
And simply saying " I disagree with this , but respect it too " does n't really help - please explain why .
- If you do n't believe that it 's possible , what of the people who believe it is possible ?
Are they fooling themselves ?
Do they have a different definition of " respect " than you do ?
Are they confusing what they 're actually respecting ?
Please help me think this through !
Can one truly respect an opinion that s/he disagrees with on a profound level ?
PLO Executive Committee Secretary Yasser Abd Rabbo leveled criticism at Israel 's decision to freeze West Bank settlement building temporarily , saying that it was all a show and part of an Israeli manipulation scheme meant to fool the international community .
" This was a policy manipulation meant to circumvent the international position that rejects the settlements and supports the establishment of a Palestinian state within ' 67 lines , " Abd Rabbo said at a press conference he held in Ramallah .
( Ali Waked )
A Vallejo teenager allegedly shot himself in the testicles Thursday afternoon , police said .
Police said the 17 - year - old , whose name is being withheld because he ’s a minor , walked into Kaiser Permanente Vallejo Medical Center at about 5:45 p.m. with a gunshot wound .
The gun is still outstanding , police said , and the teen has not been cooperative .
When I picked up my iPhone over the weekend , I had an epiphany .
I was using the LinkedIn app to confirm an invitation to connect , and it hit me :
This is the future of mobile computing , the mobile web — the mobile experience .
No , I 'm not saying the Linked In app is the future per se ( that 'd be silly ) , but rather the overall concept of it .
The LinkedIn iPhone app is , in my opinion , better than the actual LinkedIn.com website .
Same goes for the Facebook app compared to Facebook.com .
Gone are their busy , tab - infested UIs .
In their stead are beautiful bubbly icons screaming " Touch me ! "
We no longer have to squint or click around in search of the feature we 're trying to access :
The button is right there in that simple interface for us to tap .
The Facebook and Linkedin apps are two key examples of popular services whose iPhone apps outdid the websites they were trying to " port . "
They 're two gems glistening brightly for the future of mobile .
Now that we can have experiences like these on a bigger touchscreen , with the iPad and the horde of tablets that will follow it , we can expect computing to become much easier than what we 're accustomed to today .
That 's not to say everything will have to be an iPad app .
iPad owners are n't going to be the only ones to benefit from Apple 's invention .
The iPad opens a path for an improved web experience for everyone .
As soon as the iPad and its competing slates are in people 's hands , we 'll see a host of websites tailoring their content for touchscreen tablet browsing , and it 's going to be far more pleasant than the web experience we 're used to today .
Have you seen Flickr 's mobile website lately ?
Or YouTube's ?
They 're both far friendlier , simpler and to - the - point than their original websites , and they 're plenty functional .
I 'm awfully jaded about monotonous browser tabs , puny headlines and boring boxes all over the place , are n't you ?
The iPhone and the iPad give web developers an excuse to break free from traditional user interfaces .
As a side effect it's also pushing developers to ditch old , outdated web standards , such as Adobe Flash , and embrace newer ones like HTML5 .
Thank goodness , because we 've been needing a change .
Cleaner , friendlier , intimate UI may sound like a step backward , but it 's not .
There are huge implications .
We all learn how to touch with our fingers before we figure out how to type or click a mouse .
Often when we think about computing we overlook children and the elderly , and the iPad is going to be the first computer to eliminate the social divide .
The iPhone was the first phone that a Luddite could figure out in seconds and a hacker could tinker around with for endless hours .
In an analogous way the iPad is going to be the computer a toddler can play games with and learn , and the same computer your grandma uses to send e-mails , browse the web and edit photos .
If you think about how a computer like this will impact people sociologically , suddenly the iPad is far more than a larger iPod Touch , as many have described it .
It 's the computer for everyone : an idea Apple has been working toward for years .
That does n't mean the iPad will be the only computer for everyone and destroy every PC on the market , because that 's not even remotely likely .
But it will introduce a significant new category .
For anyone plugged in to tech history , the idea of the child - friendly , super - lightweight computer is actually reminiscent of Xerox pioneer Alan Kay 's 40 - year - old concept of the Dynabook ( pictured in sketch above ) .
I 've been chatting with Kay about the iPad , but he 's waiting to provide his official comment on the device until he's had a chance to try it out .
Tablet naysayers have anticipated Apple 's tablet would be a failure because of form factor , ergonomics and UI .
But they missed out on the bigger problem : Nobody has cared to create content ( be it web or native applications ) for tablets — until now .
Say what you will about Apple , but Steve Jobs ' company is a market shaper , and the iPad is the only tablet that could shove the computing world in a new direction .
Apple has shipped over 75 million iPhones , and the iPhone OS continues to dominate mobile web traffic .
Meanwhile , the App Store has served 3 billion downloads and claimed 99.4 percent of the mobile - software market .
Content developers need to see these kinds of numbers to have faith in investing in a new platform .
At this rate , we 're all heading with Apple into the future of computing , and it 's looking quite bright .
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Friday , February 26th
Men
Finland 1 Final United States 6
Slovakia 2 Final Canada 3
Women
There are no games on this day .
()
For a certain set of traders , little matters more than how Florida 's weather fared on Sunday night .
Subfreezing temperatures across the state 's citrus belt on Saturday and Sunday morning produced reports of damage .
But oranges and other crops dodged widespread harm .
The ...
Tutti i contenuti , chiamati " articoli " per semplicità , di questo blog sono coperti da copyright .
E' consentita la riproduzione solamente previo esplicito consenso scritto dell ' autore e citazione della fonte .
-----------------------
In questo blog vorrei approfondire aspetti relativi all 'attacco terroristico dell ' 11 Settembre , con particolare attenzione ai fattori tecnici e scientifici connessi all 'esame della scena del reato .
Non sono un esperto di problemi aereonautici e non ritengo che l'11 settembre possa essere spiegato ricorrendo alla geopolitica .
Il mio approccio é essenzialmente tecnico e per questo motivo non appartengo ad alcun schieramento , ma valuto con serenità ogni ipotesi e traggo in autonomia le mie valutazioni sulla base delle evidenze .
Questo blog é apolitico ed apartitico e crede nella libertà d'espressione .
Ogni ipotesi di investigazione é ben accetta finché non se ne dimostri l'insostenibilità .
> AVVERTENZE
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Less than 24 hours after the House of Representatives gave final approval to a sweeping overhaul of healthcare , attorneys general from several states on Monday said they will sue to block the plan on constitutional grounds .
Opponents of the proposed U.S. health care bill are pictured during a rally outside the U.S. Capitol Building in Washington , March 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
Republican attorneys general in 11 states warned that lawsuits will be filed to stop the federal government overstepping its constitutional powers and usurping states ’ sovereignty .
States are concerned the burden of providing healthcare will fall on them without enough federal support .
Ten of the attorneys general plan to band together in a collective lawsuit on behalf of Alabama , Florida , Nebraska , North Dakota , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Texas , Utah and Washington .
“ To protect all Texans ’ constitutional rights , preserve the constitutional framework intended by our nation ’s founders , and defend our state from further infringement by the federal government , the State of Texas and other states will legally challenge the federal health care legislation , ” said Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , in a statement .
The Republican attorney generals say the reforms infringe on state powers under the Constitution ’s Bill of Rights .
Virginia Attorney General Kenneth Cuccinelli , who plans to file a lawsuit in federal court in Richmond , Virginia , said Congress lacks authority under its constitutional power to regulate interstate commerce to force people to buy insurance .
The bill also conflicts with a state law that says Virginians cannot be required to buy insurance , he added .
“ If a person decides not to buy health insurance , that person by definition is not engaging in commerce , ” Cuccinelli said in recorded comments .
“ If you are not engaging in commerce , how can the federal government regulate you ? ”
In addition to the pending lawsuits , bills and resolutions have been introduced in at least 36 state legislatures seeking to limit or oppose various aspects of the reform plan through laws or state constitutional amendments , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
So far , only two states , Idaho and Virginia , have enacted laws , while an Arizona constitutional amendment is seeking voter approval on the November ballot .
But the actual enactment of the bill by President Barack Obama could spur more movement on the measures by state lawmakers .
As is the case on the Congressional level , partisan politics is in play on the state level , where no anti-health care reform legislation has emerged in Democrat - dominated states like Illinois and New York , according to the NCSL .
Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum , a Republican candidate running for governor , said the mandate would cost Florida at least $ 1.6 billion in Medicaid alone .
All states would receive extra funding to cover Medicaid costs that are expected to rise under the reform , including 100 percent federal coverage for new enrollees under the plan through 2016 .
Medicaid is the healthcare program for the poor jointly administered by the states and federal government .
By Ray Furlong
BBC , Sighetu Marmatiei
Hedi Fried was never supposed to return home .
Packed into a cattle truck in 1944 , she was deported to Auschwitz with the other 17,000 Jews in Sighet , now Sighetu Marmatiei in Romania .
But like her town 's most famous son , the Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel , she survived and has often returned to the town to bear witness to what happened with talks and lectures .
Now , aged 85 , she 's made an emotional final journey there .
The rain streams down as we draw up outside Sighet 's Jewish cemetery .
" This is my pilgrimage , the last one , " says Hedi , stepping over a large brown puddle .
I thought we 'd come back soon .
We did n't .
My parents did n't come back .
Hedi Fried
" When I come to Sighet I remember my childhood stories , and I see the ghosts .
When I walk the streets I see people coming and going .
But they 're not here any more , none of them . "
There are rows of gravestones at odd angles in the grass , many engraved with the word Auschwitz and several names .
Hedi's family gravestone contains , among others , her mother and father .
" They went up in smoke , " she says , " but I had their names put here . "
A prayer for the dead is recited , and Hedi shows me her grandmother 's gravestone nearby .
She died long before the Holocaust , when Hedi was a child .
" I remember how she always used to give me sweets , " she says , recalling a bygone age when Sighet was a bustling Jewish city .
As we drive through potholed streets to our next stop , she points at the low - rise houses with crumbling 1920s facades .
" All of these were Jewish houses , " she says , the only person in the town who can remember what it was like .
Her family moved into a new house in 1937 .
" I was delighted with it .
I thought we had invented functionalist architecture ! " she says , as we stand outside an elegant but decayed building .
" That was my window .
I can see myself talking to my boyfriend , " she says .
But the mood instantly darkens .
" I can also remember leaving for the last time . "
" This was the most modern house in town , the first with a water - closet .
So the last thing I did here was to flush the toilet .
" I thought we 'd come back soon .
We did n't .
My parents did n't come back .
My sister and I survived just by chance . "
After surviving Auschwitz , Hedi and her sister were moved to Bergen - Belsen , later liberated by the British .
After the war they moved to Sweden , where Hedi worked as a psychologist .
Nightmares continue
She has also been a tireless campaigner to keep retelling the story of the Holocaust , travelling the world to give talks and lectures , first returning to Sighet in 1968 .
" So many survivors found it impossible to talk about what happened .
But for me it 's actually therapy .
Even now , coming here , I 'm working through it .
They do n't know what their grandparents have done : some have been perpetrators , a few rescuers , the majority bystanders - and that 's what they have to learn : never , ever be a bystander
Hedi Fried
" At first I thought I could never return to Auschwitz , but I did and since then my nightmares are not as strong .
I still have them but I no longer wake up in a damp sweat . "
But Hedi is also concerned that new generations are not learning the truth about the Holocaust .
" My aim to come to Sighet was that the children understand what their great - grandparents have done , because when I lived here as a child I was a ' damned Jewess ' , '' she says .
" They do n't know what their grandparents have done : some have been perpetrators , a few rescuers , the majority bystanders .
And that 's what they have to learn : never , ever be a bystander . "
Teenage ignorance
At the Elie Wiesel museum in Sighet , schoolchildren perform a folkdance for Hedi .
She gives a talk - but the event is disorganised .
While she sits behind a table , teenagers stand huddled in front of her looking embarrassed .
Others are outside in the corridor .
They could n't hear a word even if they were trying to - which they 're not .
I ask one 17 - year - old boy why he is here .
" I do n't know why , we 've been told to come , " he says , laughing .
" What do you know about the Holocaust ? " I ask .
" Nothing , we have n't done it at school yet . "
A 15 - year - old girl who was inside is a little more forthcoming .
She says Hedi spoke about her childhood in Sighet and what happened to her family .
" Were you surprised ? " I ask .
" Yes , " she replies .
" Have you ever heard what happened here in your town before ? "
" No . " Fading traces Monosyllabic answers are common to teenagers .
But the local schools clearly did not see Hedi 's visit as an opportunity to teach their pupils about this town 's horrific recent history .
Of the 17,000 Jews who lived here before the war , there 's hardly a trace - just a few families and a single surviving synagogue .
After the talk , Hedi joins in the folkdance , drawing on enviable reserves of energy for an 85 - year - old .
But back at the hotel afterwards , she 's clearly tired when asked about the lukewarm response that her testimony drew from the local youth .
" People do n't want to talk about it , especially what happened in their own community .
The bystanders are ashamed of it , " she says .
" But tomorrow I am going to another school . "
Listen to Ray Furlong 's radio report for BBC Radio 4's PM programme on the iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Get the Recipe Flood Burgers
I have just cooked and consumed what may have been the single greatest burger to come out of my kitchen .
And my kitchen averages about a dozen burgers a week .
Want proof ?
Just smell my wife 's hair .
Eau de bouef .
( sorry dear ) .
We 'll get to that burger , but first , a little background :
A couple of weeks ago , I asked Vogue food writer Jeffrey Steingarten about his thoughts on the Shake Shack 's burger .
His reply ?
" it 's 4 ounces .
That 's too small to ever be a great burger . "
Then , a couple nights ago , I asked The Hamburger : A History author Josh Ozersky what his last burger on earth would be .
His response ?
" White Diamond , Bill 's , maybe Rub's .
Not sure , but It would definitely have to be something 4 ounces or less . "
These two equally valid opinions represent what I consider to be one of the great dichotomies of the burger world .
Those who prefer the small , thin , 4 - ounce or less , smashed - style of burger ( à la Shake Shack or Bill's ) , and those who prefer thick , medium - rare , 6 to 8 ounce pub - style behemoths ( à la Corner Bistro or Minetta Tavern ) .
The crux of the matter is this :
Crust vs. Juice
A smashed burger , like the one here , places emphasis on the all - important sear .
As long as you get a flavorful , well - browned , salty crust on the meat , who cares if you give up a bit of juiciness — that 's what oozy fatty American cheese is for , right ?
In the other camp , however , are those people that prefer the mouthfeel and satisfying heft of a burger that 's thick enough to retain a medium rare center .
The problem is , there 's a reason why steak tartare comes served with chopped pickles , shallots and capers :
Rare ground beef does n't have all that much flavor .
For the people who fall in this camp , it 's not worth it to try and up the ratio of flavorful crust if it means losing some of the juicy , medium rare center .
Besides , flavor is what bacon is for , right ?
Being a die - hard member of the thin , crusty , but - maybe - not - too - juicy camp , my goal this week was to analyze the technique of burger smashing , and come up with a method that optimizes juice retention without losing any of the flavorful crust .
To that end , I made a couple dozen smashed burgers , changing the strength and timing of the smashing each time .
Time to Squeeze Some Burgers
In order to gauge the amount of juices being lost I placed each patty in a citrus juicer and squeezed every last drop of juice ( a combination of rendered fat and intramuscular liquid ) out of them .**
** Full disclosure : you need to get in there with your hands a bit to get the last few drop of juice out .
Alton Brown is adamant about throwing out any tool that does not have more than one use , so I 'm glad I get to keep my juicer .
The problem ?
My results were pretty boring .
Turns out that as long as your temperature and cooking time are the same ( 2 minutes at 600 degrees for mine ) , and you do n't touch the burger after the initial smash ( which can take place at any time up to 45 seconds after you 've placed your burger on the hot surface ) , the amount of juice it retains is pretty much the same no matter what you do — about a tablespoon for every two ounces of 85/15 ground beef .
On the other hand , I now had in my hands a pretty exciting new product : seared burger juice .
Composed of about 25 % fat and 75 % liquid , the juice had all of the flavor of a perfectly seared , crusty brown burger .
Close your eyes and hold it under your nose , and you would n't know the difference .
The only question that remained was , what could I do with it ?
How to Make Juice - Filled Burgers
Since all the flavor of a great seared burger was trapped in this bowl of liquid , what if I were somehow able to incorporate that flavor into a thicker , juicier , pub - style burger to get the best of both worlds ?
Are you pondering what I 'm pondering , Pinky ?
Remember that scene in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory when Gene Wilder , in reference to his Wonkavision says , " if they can do it with a photograph , why can't I do it with a bar of chocolate ? "
Replace " a photograph " with " liquid - center bubble gum " and " bar of chocolate " with " hamburger , " and you have a pretty good idea of what was going through my head .
The execution was simple .
I froze two tablespoon of seared burger juice in a small bowls while I measured out two 3 - ounce balls of ground beef which I formed into thin patties .
One of them , I gave cupped edges .
Then , Jucy Lucy - style , I placed the frozen disk of burger juice inside the cup of one patty , placed the other patty on top , crimped the edges , and carefully sealed , and re-formed the burger into one large patty .
Things are looking good .
To cook the patty , I heated up oil in a high - carbon - steel crepe pan ( my favorite pan for cooking small batches of burgers — they hold even heat like cast iron , but heat up much faster than the thick skillets ) until it was smoking hot , then added the patty .
Everything was going well until I flipped it , whereupon the patty split open , juice gushed out , hot fat spattered , the skillet caught fire , and I dumped the whole thing into the sink .
I fired up one more burger , this time remembering to prick is with a toothpick as soon as I flipped it over in order to provide a channel for some of the steam to escape and prevent premature eruption .
For good measure , I added a slice of cheddar .
The bun was a toasted Arnold 's ( which , as you can tell by its relative lack of freshness , had been in my fridge for a week ) .
Despite knowing what was inside , I was totally unprepared for the torrent of flavorful juice that gushed into my mouth as I bit into it .
It literally had the juice of two burgers inside it , which sprung on me like a soup dumpling on an unsuspecting dim - sum newbie .
Though I was expecting it to have a hollow center filled with juice , the results were actually far better : the juices melted and soaked into the meat as the patty cooked , resulting in a burger that does n't really seem different from a normal burger , other than the fact that burger is just as flavorful in its medium rare center as it is on its crusty exterior , and that it is ridiculously juicy .
If Snooki were a bun , she'd be all over this juicehead of a burger .
Now to come up with a name .
I asked the Burger Lab's Facebook community for input and got quite a few good responses .
Lava burger , Slurpy Joe , Truffle Shuffle , Goo-Burger , etc .
For now , I 'm going with " Flood Burger , " but if you 've got better ideas , I 'd love to hear them !
I figure naming this burger will be good practice for when Adri and I eventually have to name our kids , who will only be slightly less important than ground beef .
Continue here for Flood Burgers »
Get the Recipe Flood Burgers View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Thousands of protesters have converged in Orange County to speak out about the death of unarmed Black man George Floyd while in the custody of Minneapolis police , as well as other Black men , women and children who have died at the hands of police .
26 March , 2010
Dear Minister ,
My name is David Gaetjens .
I am the Vice President of Pirate Party Australia .
I have read the “ Update on Labor ’s mandatory web filter plan ” article on your blog and I am interested in further clarification .
Although you have voiced an opinion on various censorship issues , you seem to have stopped short of saying how Liberal intends to vote on such issues , if and when legislation is presented .
Could you please answer the following questions so that we , and the electorate , may understand your party ’s policies ?
* What is the Liberal Party ’s policy on Mandatory Internet Filtering ?
* How will you vote if mandatory filter legislation is introduced ?
* How will you vote if opt - out filter legislation is introduced ?
* How will you vote if opt - in filter legislation is introduced ?
* What is the Liberal Party ’s policy on R18 + Classification for games ?
Is the Liberal Party planning an independent review of the results of the filtering trials due to the controversy surrounding these results ?
What alternatives to ISP - based internet filtering are the Liberal Party considering ?
Would an optional PC - based content filter , such as the one provided by the previous Coalition government be considered ?
Thank you for taking the time to read our enquiries .
I look forward to your considered reply at your earliest convenience .
If you want to discuss these policies in greater detail , I would be more than happy to organise a meeting .
Kind Regards ,
David Gaetjens
Vice President
Pirate Party Australia
Web : http://www.pirateparty.org.au/
Email : [ email protected ]
Dorsa Sobhani , a Baha ’i and women ’s rights activist , is banned from receiving visits from her family and lawyer , the Committee for Human Rights Reporters ( CHRR ) disclosed this week .
The visit by Dorsa ’s lawyer to the judiciary in an attempt to secure visitation rights have not produced a result .
The letters Dorsa ’s family has sent to the judiciary and other officials of the Islamic Republic asking for a thorough investigation in her case have been ignored .
Dorsa was arrested in the early morning of March 7th in Sari , northern Iran .
She was later transferred to Evin Prison in Tehran .
Dorsa ’s arrest came after a raid on Sobhani ’s home on March 2th , when six security officials entered the home in the middle of the night , searched it and confiscated belongings .
On March 4th , six officials returned to Sobhani ’s home , and physically and verbally attacked her father .
He was then arrested , blindfolded , bound and interrogated and threatened for hours .
Dorsa is a member of the 1 Million Signature Campaign that aims to abolish the legal inequality between men an women in Iran .
Dorsa was prohibited from higher education because of her faith and she is one of the founders of the Committee for the Right to Education , which campaigns to lift all bans on education in Iran .
Many members of the committee were arrested recently .
Roland Emmerich 's 2012 may have failed to live up to its apocalyptic promise , but one group are nonetheless not too happy about how it all turned out :
The Catholic Church are seeking restitution over the movie 's treatment of Jesus .
Advertisement
According to reports , lawyers for the Brazilian Catholic Church are objecting to the treatment of the famous Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro in last year 's destructoporn .
Attorney Claudine Dutra , speaking on behalf of the church , told reporters that moviemakers were specifically denied permission to show the figure being destroyed by a tidal wave in the movie , but went ahead and did so anyway :
The archdiocese refused the use of the religious symbol during pre-production of the movie , but Columbia Pictures did not respect the prohibition ...
[ M ] any faithful have said they are shocked and offended by the images of the destruction of this sanctuary that the archdiocese wanted to preserve .
We want Columbia Pictures to publicly declare that it did not intend to cause offense .
Advertisement
A spokesman for Columbia responded that they did have permission ... just not from the church :
Acting on a good faith belief that the estate of the sculptor of the statue held the copyright , we sought and received their permission to use the image in the movie ...
We are currently in discussions with the archdiocese in hopes of reaching an agreement in this matter .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Talks have been going on between parties since December last year , but an amicable resolution does n't seem to be on the cards just yet ; Dutra is quoted as saying " We are at the start of negotiations and do n't know the amount of damages we are looking at . "
Maybe they should just ask themselves what Jesus would do .
Church sues Hollywood for using Rio's Christ statue in movie [ Yahoo ] , Lawyer : Studio must pay for destroying Jesus Christ [ The Hollywood Reporter ]
( CNNMoney.com ) --
A batch of new restrictions aimed at curbing the most egregious credit card practices kick in Monday , but business owners will need to stay alert -- the new rules do n't cover cards used for corporate purposes .
The bill Congress passed in May reforms the Truth in Lending Act , which governs only consumer credit .
The measure fulfills a wish list of long - sought reforms .
Issuers wo n't be able to hike the interest rates on existing balances as long as customers pay their bills on time , and they 'll need to notify customers at least 45 days in advance of interest rate increases and most fee changes .
Those two changes alone will save consumers an estimated $ 10 billion annually , nonprofit research firm Pew estimated in a recent report .
" Regulation " is often a dirty word to small business owners , but few would object to new laws offering them similar protection .
With bank loans and credit lines drying up , credit cards are one of the only sources left for fast capital injections .
Nearly 60 % of business owners polled recently by the National Small Business Association said they use plastic for their capital needs -- and 79 % said the terms of their credit cards have grown worse in the past five years .
" Regulation , particularly in the long - term , is good for the consumer .
But these regulations wo n't be there for the small business owner , " says Curtis Arnold , founder of CardRatings.com .
" They 're going to have to be on their toes to protect themselves . "
If business cards are n't regulated but personal cards are , will business owners switch to their personal plastic ?
Patricia Curry , founder of Wellhaven , an online retailer of gifts for senior citizens and baby boomers , says she never considered giving up her business cards .
" A business attorney will tell you that mixing personal and business finances is ' piercing the corporate veil , ' " she says .
" We simply do n't do it and will not , regardless of what the banks and credit card issuers do . "
Industry experts say that 's the safest path .
" Using personal cards is not ideal because it can affect your personal credit scores , " says Gerri Detweiler , co-author of Business Credit Success .
" Think about what could happen to your credit score if your business went through a rough patch and you got behind on credit card payments . "
The dividing line between personal and business credit can be murky , especially for sole proprietors .
Many small business cards are issued based on the owner 's personal credit history , not the company's .
But even in those cases , your business card is not protected under the new rules , says Tom Sclafani , a spokesman for American Express .
" What matters is the purpose for the card , " says Detweiler .
And it makes no difference if you apply for a business card as a sole proprietor , an LLC , or a corporation .
If the card is obtained for business purposes , it 's not covered .
Matthew Cheng , founder of eCoupons.com , is accustomed to giving his credit accounts careful scrutiny .
Still , when he received a disclosure statement for two of his Capital One business accounts , he was surprised to discover that his credit card issuer was reporting information from his business cards to the credit bureaus -- meaning it showed up on his personal credit report .
Capital
One spokeswoman Pam Girardo confirmed that credit information for business cards is now being reported to credit bureaus .
Capital
One started doing this to make its credit card business practices consistent with the reporting practices of its small business banking segment , she says .
" We believe that full and accurate reporting is best for the consumer , the business , and the system as a whole , " Girardo says .
But heavy business spending can whack a customer 's personal credit score .
" In response to this , I closed these accounts and started using my American Express business card more often , " Cheng says .
Be proactive and stay on top of any changes to the terms of your business card accounts .
But if you feel you 've been treated unfairly , do n't hesitate to report the incident to the regulators for your card 's issuer , Detweiler suggests .
As part of the Credit Card Act of 2009 , the Federal Reserve is required to conduct a study of credit card use by small businesses .
So if you 're having problems , now 's the time to weigh in .
You arrive for work and someone informs you that you have until five o’clock to clean out your office .
You have been laid off .
At first , your family is brave and supportive , and although you ’re in shock , you convince yourself that you were ready for something new .
Then you start waking up at 3 A.M. , apparently in order to stare at the ceiling .
You ca n’t stop picturing the face of the employee who was deputized to give you the bad news .
He does not look like George Clooney .
You have fantasies of terrible things happening to him , to your boss , to George Clooney .
You find — a novel recognition — not only that you have no sex drive but that you do n’t care .
You react irritably when friends advise you to let go and move on .
After a week , you have a hard time getting out of bed in the morning .
After two weeks , you have a hard time getting out of the house .
You go see a doctor .
The doctor hears your story and prescribes an antidepressant .
Do you take it ?
The psychiatric literature is so confusing that even the dissidents disagree .
Photograph by Dan Winters
However you go about making this decision , do not read the psychiatric literature .
Everything in it , from the science ( do the meds really work ? ) to the metaphysics ( is depression really a disease ? ) , will confuse you .
There is little agreement about what causes depression and no consensus about what cures it .
Virtually no scientist subscribes to the man - in - the - waiting - room theory , which is that depression is caused by a lack of serotonin , but many people report that they feel better when they take drugs that affect serotonin and other brain chemicals .
There is suspicion that the pharmaceutical industry is cooking the studies that prove that antidepressant drugs are safe and effective , and that the industry ’s direct - to - consumer advertising is encouraging people to demand pills to cure conditions that are not diseases ( like shyness ) or to get through ordinary life problems ( like being laid off ) .
The Food and Drug Administration has been accused of setting the bar too low for the approval of brand - name drugs .
Critics claim that health - care organizations are corrupted by industry largesse , and that conflict - of - interest rules are lax or nonexistent .
Within the profession , the manual that prescribes the criteria for official diagnoses , the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , known as the D.S.M. , has been under criticism for decades .
And doctors prescribe antidepressants for patients who are not suffering from depression .
People take antidepressants for eating disorders , panic attacks , premature ejaculation , and alcoholism .
These complaints are not coming just from sociologists , English professors , and other troublemakers ; they are being made by people within the field of psychiatry itself .
As a branch of medicine , depression seems to be a mess .
Business , however , is extremely good .
Between 1988 , the year after Prozac was approved by the F.D.A. , and 2000 , adult use of antidepressants almost tripled .
By 2005 , one out of every ten Americans had a prescription for an antidepressant .
IMS Health , a company that gathers data on health care , reports that in the United States in 2008 a hundred and sixty - four million prescriptions were written for antidepressants , and sales totalled $ 9.6 billion .
As a depressed person might ask , What does it all mean ?
Two new books , Gary Greenberg ’s “ Manufacturing Depression ” ( Simon & Schuster ; $ 27 ) and Irving Kirsch ’s “ The Emperor ’s New Drugs ” ( Basic ; $ 23.95 ) , suggest that dissensus prevails even among the dissidents .
Both authors are hostile to the current psychotherapeutic regime , but for reasons that are incompatible .
Greenberg is a psychologist who has a practice in Connecticut .
He is an unusually eloquent writer , and his book offers a grand tour of the history of modern medicine , as well as an up - close look at contemporary practices , including clinical drug trials , cognitive - behavioral therapy , and brain imaging .
The National Institute of Mental Health estimates that more than fourteen million Americans suffer from major depression every year , and more than three million suffer from minor depression ( whose symptoms are milder but last longer than two years ) .
Greenberg thinks that numbers like these are ridiculous — not because people are n’t depressed but because , in most cases , their depression is not a mental illness .
It ’s a sane response to a crazy world .
Greenberg basically regards the pathologizing of melancholy and despair , and the invention of pills designed to relieve people of those feelings , as a vast capitalist conspiracy to paste a big smiley face over a world that we have good reason to feel sick about .
The aim of the conspiracy is to convince us that it ’s all in our heads , or , specifically , in our brains — that our unhappiness is a chemical problem , not an existential one .
Greenberg is critical of psychopharmacology , but he is even more critical of cognitive - behavioral therapy , or C.B.T. , a form of talk therapy that helps patients build coping strategies , and does not rely on medication .
He calls C.B.T. “ a method of indoctrination into the pieties of American optimism , an ideology as much as a medical treatment . ”
In fact , Greenberg seems to believe that contemporary psychiatry in most of its forms except existential - humanistic talk therapy , which is an actual school of psychotherapy , and which appears to be what he practices , is mainly about getting people to accept current arrangements .
And it ’s not even that drug companies and the psychiatric establishment have some kind of moral or political stake in these arrangements — that they ’re in the game in order to protect the status quo .
They just see , in the world ’s unhappiness , a chance to make money .
They invented a disease so that they could sell the cure .
Greenberg is repeating a common criticism of contemporary psychiatry , which is that the profession is creating ever more expansive criteria for mental illness that end up labelling as sick people who are just different — a phenomenon that has consequences for the insurance system , the justice system , the administration of social welfare , and the cost of health care .
Jerome Wakefield , a professor of social work at New York University , has been calling out the D.S.M. on this issue for a number of years .
In “ The Loss of Sadness ” ( 2007 ) , Wakefield and Allan Horwitz , a sociologist at Rutgers , argue that the increase in the number of people who are given a diagnosis of depression suggests that what has changed is not the number of people who are clinically depressed but the definition of depression , which has been defined in a way that includes normal sadness .
In the case of a patient who exhibits the required number of symptoms , the D.S.M. specifies only one exception to a diagnosis of depression : bereavement .
But , Wakefield and Horwitz point out , there are many other life problems for which intense sadness is a natural response — being laid off , for example .
There is nothing in the D.S.M. to prevent a physician from labelling someone who is living through one of these problems mentally disordered .
The conversion of stuff that people used to live with into disorders that physicians can treat is not limited to psychiatry , of course .
Once , people had heartburn ( “ I ca n’t believe I ate the whole thing ” ) and bought Alka - Seltzer over the counter ; now they are given a diagnosis of gastroesophageal reflux disease ( “ Ask your doctor whether you might be suffering from GERD ” ) and are written a prescription for Zantac .
But people tend to find the medicalization of mood and personality more distressing .
It has been claimed , for example , that up to 18.7 per cent of Americans suffer from social - anxiety disorder .
In “ Shyness ” ( 2007 ) , Christopher Lane , a professor of English at Northwestern , argues that this is a blatant pathologization of a common personality trait for the financial benefit of the psychiatric profession and the pharmaceutical industry .
It ’s a case of what David Healy , in his invaluable history “ The Antidepressant Era ” ( 1997 ) , calls “ the pharmacological scalpel ” : if a drug ( in this case , Paxil ) proves to change something in patients ( shyness ) , then that something becomes a disorder to be treated ( social anxiety ) .
The discovery of the remedy creates the disease .
Turning shyness into a mental disorder has many downstream consequences .
As Steven Hyman , a former director of the National Institute of Mental Health , argues in a recent article , once a diagnosis is ensconced in the manual , it is legitimatized as a subject of scientific research .
Centers are established ( there is now a Shyness Research Institute , at Indiana University Southeast ) and scientists get funding to , for example , find “ the gene for shyness ” — even though there was never any evidence that the condition has an organic basis .
A juggernaut effect is built into the system .
Irving Kirsch is an American psychologist who now works in the United Kingdom .
Fifteen years ago , he began conducting meta-analyses of antidepressant drug trials .
A meta-analysis is a statistical abstract of many individual drug trials , and the method is controversial .
Drug trials are designed for different reasons — some are done to secure government approval for a new drug , and some are done to compare treatments — and they have different processes for everything from selecting participants to measuring outcomes .
Adjusting for these differences is complicated , and Kirsch ’s early work was roundly criticized on methodological grounds by Donald Klein , of Columbia University , who was one of the key figures in the transformation of psychiatry to a biologically based practice .
But , as Kirsch points out , meta - analyses have since become more commonly used and accepted .
Kirsch ’s conclusion is that antidepressants are just fancy placebos .
Obviously , this is not what the individual tests showed .
If they had , then none of the drugs tested would have received approval .
Drug trials normally test medications against placebos — sugar pills — which are given to a control group .
What a successful test typically shows is a small but statistically significant superiority ( that is , greater than could be due to chance ) of the drug to the placebo .
So how can Kirsch claim that the drugs have zero medicinal value ?
His answer is that the statistical edge , when it turns up , is a placebo effect .
Drug trials are double - blind : neither the patients ( paid volunteers ) nor the doctors ( also paid ) are told which group is getting the drug and which is getting the placebo .
But antidepressants have side effects , and sugar pills do n’t .
Commonly , side effects of antidepressants are tolerable things like nausea , restlessness , dry mouth , and so on .
( Uncommonly , there is , for example , hepatitis ; but patients who develop hepatitis do n’t complete the trial . )
This means that a patient who experiences minor side effects can conclude that he is taking the drug , and start to feel better , and a patient who does n’t experience side effects can conclude that she ’s taking the placebo , and feel worse .
On Kirsch ’s calculation , the placebo effect — you believe that you are taking a pill that will make you feel better ; therefore , you feel better — wipes out the statistical difference .
One objection to Kirsch ’s argument is that response to antidepressants is extremely variable .
It can take several different prescriptions to find a medication that works .
Measuring a single antidepressant against a placebo is not a test of the effectiveness of antidepressants as a category .
And there is a well - known study , called the Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression , or STARD * trial , in which patients were given a series of different antidepressants .
Though only thirty - seven per cent recovered on the first drug , another nineteen per cent recovered on the second drug , six per cent on the third , and five per cent after the fourth — a sixty - seven - per - cent effectiveness rate for antidepressant medication , far better than the rate achieved by a placebo .
Kirsch suggests that the result in STARD * may be one big placebo effect .
He cites a 1957 study at the University of Oklahoma in which subjects were given a drug that induced nausea and vomiting , and then another drug , which they were told prevents nausea and vomiting .
After the first anti-nausea drug , the subjects were switched to a different anti-nausea drug , then a third , and so on .
By the sixth switch , a hundred per cent of the subjects reported that they no longer felt nauseous — even though every one of the anti-nausea drugs was a placebo .
Kirsch concludes that since antidepressants have no more effectiveness than sugar pills , the brain - chemistry theory of depression is “ a myth . ”
But , if this is so , how should we treat depression ?
Kirsch has an answer : C.B.T .
He says it really works .
Kirsch ’s claims appeared to receive a big boost from a meta- analysis published in January in the Journal of the American Medical Association and widely reported .
The study concludes that “ there is little evidence ” that antidepressants are more effective than a placebo for minor to moderate depression .
But , as a Cornell psychiatrist , Richard Friedman , noted in a column in the Times , the meta - analysis was based on just six trials , with a total of seven hundred and eighteen subjects ; three of those trials tested Paxil , and three tested imipramine , one of the earliest antidepressants , first used in 1956 .
Since there have been hundreds of antidepressant drug trials and there are around twenty - five antidepressants on the market , this is not a large sample .
The authors of the meta - analysis also assert that “ for patients with very severe depression , the benefit of medications over placebo is substantial ” — which suggests that antidepressants do affect mood through brain chemistry .
The mystery remains unsolved .
Well hello there ...
Welcome to my blog .
Brb ...
I 'm making memories ( read as : Wine .
I 'm going to get some wine ... )
Gamers4Croydon has hailed the decision by South Australian Attorney - General Michael Atkinson to step down as “ fantastic ” , as the party nervously waits to find out if it won a Legislative Council seat in the state ’s election yesterday .
Atkinson has for some time stood in the way of lobbying efforts by the video game industry and gamers themselves to create an R18 + classification for games in Australia .
Gamers4Croydon was formed to bring formal political process to oppose the Attorney - General in his own seat of Croydon .
The Attorney - General resigned from his role ( but not parliament ) today after facing an estimated 14.3 percent voter backlash in his seat over the R18 + issue and other concerns , including a 3.7 percent challenge from Gamers 4 Croydon candidate Kat Nicholson .
“ We ’re obviously incredibly pleased about it — it was one of our big goals for the election and for the party generally .
Having Mick Atkinson no longer as Attorney - General is just fantastic , ” said Chris Prior , Gamers4Croydon president and Legislative Council candidate today .
Croydon candidate Nicholson ( pictured , top right ) said she did n’t believe her party could take all the credit for Atkinson ’s resignation , but she said its pressure had had a major influence .
The Federal Government is currently considering more than 55,000 submissions to a discussion paper about whether it should implement a R18 + rating category for video games , with the majority of those expected to have come from EB Games customers in support of such a scheme .
However , there must be unanimous agreement between the respective ministers in the Commonwealth , state and territorial governments before the National Classification Code can be modified .
Both candidates noted they believed attorneys - general around the nation would be foolhardy to take up Atkinson ’s flag and continue to block an R18 + classification for video games .
“ I think it ’s clear that any opposition to the R18 + rating would be political suicide , ” said Nicholson , noting her vote tally placed Gamers4Croydon ahead of other major parties like the Democrats and Family First in Croydon , despite only having been founded six months ago and conducting a campaign with just $ 15,000 in donations .
With the final results of the state election still up in the air , South Australian Premier Mike Rann has not claimed victory yet in the state , nor announced a new Attorney - General to replace Atkinson .
However both Nicholson and Prior noted they believed Atkinson ’s controversial crusade against the proposed R18 + rating would die with his political career .
“ Opposition to the R18 + classification was n’t actually a Labor policy , ” said Prior .
“ It was a Michael Atkinson policy . ”
“ I suspect it will end up being the same as most other parties in Australia — whether at a state level or at a Federal level , where they ’ve been saying they ’re going to wait and see what comes from the discussion paper . ”
Given Nicholson ’s tally in Croydon , Prior said various state governments would have to now be asking themselves “ how intelligent it would be ” to continue blocking an R18 + classification .
“ You ’d definitely be taking a close look at your margins and how much you can afford to possibly keep irritating gamers on this issue , ” he said .
And Gamers4Croydon ’s job is n’t done yet — it will now consider its next moves and future direction .
Legislative Council seat still up in the air
Based on preliminary results — with 72.61 percent of the vote counted — the ABC ’s election results site has used predictive estimates to rule Prior ( pictured , bottom left ) out of taking a seat in the state ’s Legislative Council .
However , Prior said in reality he would be waiting for a week or so to find out whether he would be part of the new Parliament , due to the complexity of the preference allocation process in the Legislative Council .
“ Until the final results are in , there ’s no way really to know , ” he said .
The site currently has Prior holding 0.81 percent of the primary vote — or just over 6,000 votes , placing Gamers 4 Croydon as the ninth most popular party .
The Electoral Commission of South Australia also has similar data on its site .
Prior said it was obvious that the Liberal and Labor parties had won a certain amount of seats based on the primary vote , but that some of the dividing lines between who would pick up a seat and who would n’t could come down to “ a few dozen votes ” due to complex preference arrangement , with the situation being able to change drastically with about 200,000 votes still be counted .
“ I just do n’t know — it ’s really sooth - saying at the moment , ” he said , when asked about what his gut feeling was .
The candidate said for the next week he’d be “ trying to avoid thinking about it ” and catching up on sleep lost during the campaign .
Gamers4Croydon had an initial celebration of its effort on Saturday night , before the news about Atkinson had come in .
The party faithful , tired from manning polling booths all day , chilled out and had a chat while watching the results roll in , said Prior .
Nicholson added it had been a late one , but she had found a good cure for a sore head the next morning .
“ I work up with a hangover , but immediately found out the news about Michael Atkinson .
It completely distracted me — and kind of cured my hangover , ” she said .
“ I had to read it about three times . ”
Image credits : Gamers4Croydon
Astronomers appear to have caught an exoplanet – a planet orbiting another star – in the middle of a cosmic vanishing act .
The planet , tagged CoRoT - 7b , first hit the headlines last September when a team of astronomers confirmed the orb as the smallest exoplanet yet found .
Its diameter is roughly 1.7 times that of Earth .
Based on its size and mass , its density is similar to Earth 's , indicating that it is a rocky Earth - like orb .
But it was n’t always this small .
Scientists estimate that CoRoT - 7b initially tipped the cosmic scales at 100 times more mass than Earth and orbited the star at a distance of about 2.3 million miles .
New findings suggest its proximity to its sun gives it a molten - hot surface temperature that is causing the planet to slowly vaporize .
If the astronomers ’ calculations are correct , the planet could be the first of a new class of planets , which astronomers have dubbed “ evaporated remnant cores . ”
CoRoT - 7b orbits so close to its parent star – some 1.6 million miles away , compared with 93 million miles for Earth – that its " year " lasts 20.4 Earth hours .
That gives it a surface temperature of some 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit on the daylit half .
Such searing temperatures translate into a roiling surface of molten rock .
Many of the expolanets found at similar or somewhat larger distances from their suns have been so - called hot Jupiters – slowly roasting gas - giant planets .
Having a rocky , Earth - sized planet in a similar orbit raises the question : Could CoRoT - 7 b be the remains of a vaporized hot Jupiter ?
Several previous studies suggested that hot Jupiters underwent a fiery demise .
A team led by Brian Jackson , a post - doctoral fellow at NASA 's Goddard Spaceflight Institute in Greenbelt , Md. , took a close look at CoRoT - 7 b and concluded that such a process is underway there , too .
In this case , it would be a vaporized hot Saturn , based on the team ’s estimates of its initial mass .
Its gas vaporized and vanished as it migrated closer to its sun , leaving a rocky core with a lava surface that will ultimately boil away .
Another , more prosaic , answer could be that CoRoT - 7b was always rocky , just more massive in the past .
Either way " this planet is disappearing before our eyes , " Dr. Jackson said in a statement .
He and his colleagues reached their conclusion after running simulations of planet formation on the distant solar system – backwards .
Essentially , as the star toasted the original planet , the planet lost mass .
As that happened , the planet 's gravitational tug on the star changed in ways that altered the ocean - like tides on the star .
Those tidal changes in turn pulled the planet ever closer .
But the closer the planet got , the more mass it lost , and the slower this " tidal migration " process changed its orbit .
Jackson shared the team 's results this week during a briefing at the American Astronomical Society 's winter meeting in Washington .
---
Follow us on Twitter .
Some time tomorrow , the Large Hadron Collider will attempt to crash protons together at an energy three and a half times higher than the previous record .
The moment will mark the beginning of a long search for new particles , forces and dimensions at Cern , the European nuclear research organisation , near Geneva .
The LHC really became a collider just before Christmas .
The collisions recorded back then were not at particularly high energy , but three experiments have now published results ; my experiment , Atlas , being the latest , with the paper being accepted for publication only last week .
Before storming onward , it is a good moment to see what these results actually tell us .
The detectors ( Alice , CMS and Atlas ) are really just huge digital cameras designed to record what happens when protons smash together .
The first thing you do with a new collider and detector is measure the particles produced in an " average " collision .
Measuring average , typical events tells us various things .
We know the proton is full of quarks , stuck together by the strong nuclear force .
How it behaves at high energies is not very well known , and these measurements will help .
They also help us understand backgrounds to rarer events , for example , those where a Higgs particle ( which is thought to bestow mass on elementary particles ) might be produced , and inform models of massive air - showers , which happen when cosmic rays hit the upper atmosphere .
You can see in the Atlas paper that the models do n't fit the data quite right .
The model builders are already tuning up to improve this .
The papers from the three detector teams all have their strengths .
The Alice paper was first , although they did not wait for all the data so it 's less precise than the others .
The CMS paper was next , and is the only one to include the highest energy collisions so far , at 2.36 TeV ( trillion electron volts ) .
The Atlas paper was significantly slower to appear , and I really hope CMS do n't beat us to the Higgs that way !
The main strength of the Atlas paper is subtle but important .
To understand it you have to go back and ask what is a collision ?
So far as the LHC is concerned , a collision is when two protons interact .
But most of the interactions are glancing blows .
In most of these collisions the protons remain intact , or are broken into very few particles .
We call these " diffractive " collisions .
How common diffractive collisions are matters if we want to be clear what an average event looks like .
To find out , we measure a series of collisions , which are selected using what is called a " minimum bias " .
This is simply a way of ensuring we are not giving undue weight to a certain kind of event .
It means our average collision really is typical of what goes on in the machine .
An equivalent would be working out the average height of a person in the UK by selecting a sample of people and measuring them .
You would n't do it in a pub , because that would bias your sample : there would be too few children .
( Plus you might get funny looks . )
The problem with collisions at the LHC is you can't be truly unbiased : the vast majority of glancing collisions do n't leave a trace in the detector .
Instead , the protons carry on down the LHC beam pipe .
In practice you will see most of the " non-diffractive " collisions , where the protons are smashed up and the particle debris hits the detector , but only a handful of the diffractive ones .
In the past , experiments have used theoretical models to solve this problem .
They either remove the small number of diffractive collisions that are recorded and produce measurements of what they call non-diffractive events .
Or they estimate the missing diffractive events and add them in .
This means that what you are measuring is only defined within a theory , where " diffractive " and " non-diffractive " are really just words .
If you use a model to correct for them , you buy into a particular definition of them , and hence a particular view of nature .
The bottom line is that if you take this approach , you are no longer just reporting what happens .
In my view , it 's important that , having gone to the enormous trouble of building the LHC and the detectors , we should first just say what happens when particles collide inside them .
Only then should we confront that data with theory , as part of the process of exploration and understanding .
The first bare reporting step is essential .
This is what we did on Atlas .
We measured the particles produced from all of the collisions we recorded that left at least one track in the detector , regardless of whether theoretical models would label them as glancing collisions or non-diffractive events .
This is n't perfect , but it is the most objective way we have of measuring an average collision : there is a bias , but it does not depend on the theory .
The number of particles in an average collision can vary by up to 20 % depending on how you define the average .
That may seem a small difference , but the difference in the principle of how the measurement is made is huge .
In my view , this approach should be carried forward into all future measurements at the LHC .
So , the first results are in .
The detectors work well .
The theoretical models are reasonable , but can be improved .
We 're not at the stage of reporting really exciting new physics yet , but it is interesting and important for firming up our knowledge as we step into the unknown .
As we go there , we should all be sure to first report what we see , and only then have a go at interpreting it .
Jon Butterworth is a member of the High Energy Physics Group at University College London
By Clare Murphy
Health reporter , BBC News
Whether there is a child on board or not , the RCP wants this banned Smoking should be banned in all cars as well as in public places where young people congregate , doctors are urging .
The Royal College of Physicians wants England 's imminent review of anti-smoking laws to consider such measures to protect the young .
It says passive smoking results in 300,000 extra child visits to GPs in the UK every year for problems such as asthma and bacterial meningitis .
But driving and smoking lobby groups say cars are a " private space " .
Wheezing A number of medical bodies have supported a ban on smoking in cars transporting children , but the RCP goes a significant step further , urging a blanket ban on anyone lighting up in a vehicle - regardless of whether children or indeed any other passengers are inside .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
It is calling for a two - pronged approach which would see children protected from second - hand smoke and shielded from the sight of adults smoking - whether in the playground or on the TV .
The RCP 's report - Passive Smoking and Children - is being released ahead of the three - year review of the ban on smoking in enclosed public spaces in England .
Similar bans have been introduced across the UK , with Scotland having led the way .
Drawing on a series of studies , the report suggests that in the UK , tens of thousands of youngsters are falling ill as a result of exposure to cigarette smoke .
Exclusion zones
These calculations include 20,000 chest infections , some 22,000 new cases of asthma and wheezing , as well as 200 cases of bacterial meningitis and 40 cases of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome - or cot death .
Each year it claims these account for more than 300,000 visits to a GP - some of which end up in hospital - costing the NHS £ 23.3 m .
The car is a private space and it crosses a line to start interfering in it , however much one disapproves of smoking
Nigel Humphries
Association of British Drivers
The report does concede that these figures are only estimates , but says it is confident they give an " indication " of the number of children who become ill .
The doctors acknowledge that a ban on smoking in the home , however desirable it believes this to be , would be neither politically or practically possible , but sees the car as an intervention in the private sphere which the public would tolerate .
But it argues that the only way to make it practically enforceable would be to introduce it as a blanket ban on all private vehicles - regardless of their passengers , as exemptions would prove too complex .
In addition , it wants to see smoking banned in places frequented by children , such as parks and outdoor swimming pools - and exclusion zones outside school gates .
Campaigns to explain to parents the importance of a smoke - free home , price hikes and generic cigarette packaging are also among the recommendations issued .
" This report is n't just about protecting children from passive smoking , it 's about taking smoking completely out of children 's lives , " says Professor John Britton , head of the college 's Tobacco Advisory Group and lead author of the report .
Parental responsibility Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Department of Health spokesman stressed the role that anti-smoking legislation had played in curbing exposure , but added : " The government is looking at ways to go further to reduce the 9,500 children admitted to hospital every year as a direct result of exposure to second - hand tobacco smoke .
" Parents have a responsibility to protect their children by stopping smoking around them in enclosed spaces like their cars and in their homes . "
The Welsh Assembly Government said it had commissioned a tobacco control group to advise specifically on how to protect children , while a Scottish Government spokeswoman said it was conscious smoking in cars was a source of exposure that needed highlighting but had no plans for a ban .
Northern Ireland is to conduct its own review .
The driving and smoking lobby groups expressed their anger at the recommendations , arguing that adults did not needs laws regulating every aspect of their behaviour .
Simon Clark , of Forest , which campaigns for smokers ' rights , questioned the figures used in the report , noting that cases of asthma had been rising as the number of smokers had fallen .
HAVE YOUR SAY
It 's bad enough having a government that wants to micro-manage our lives , without the medical fraternity climbing on the bandwagon Darkseid " It 's unacceptable to single out smokers and imply that they are solely responsible for the cost of asthma treatments , hospital admissions and asthma drugs for children up to the age of 16 .
" We want smokers to be considerate towards those around them , especially children , but changing people 's behaviour should be achieved by education and encouragement not by legislation and enforcement . "
Nigel Humphries , spokesman for the Association of British Drivers , said the car should be seen as an extension of the home and treated as such .
" The car is a private space and it crosses a line to start interfering in it , however much one disapproves of smoking . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON — Basic Food Flavors Inc. , the Las Vegas company at the center of a recall of more than 100 food products , continued to make and distribute food ingredients for about a month after it learned the bacteria salmonella was present at its processing facility , according to a Food and Drug Administration report .
The FDA last week recommended companies recall products , from chips to soups , that contain a commonly used additive made by Basic Food Flavors that tested positive for salmonella .
The additive is mixed into foods ...
' Tough Guy ' contest : Eight miles of mud , barbed wire , broken glass and fire ... the race that defies our 'elf and safety culture
More than 5,000 people worldwide descended on a small corner of farmland today to brave mud , rain , ice and fire on a gruelling assault course dubbed ' the world 's hardest endurance test ' .
Thousands of competitors , some in superhero fancy dress as Superman and Robocop , flocked to the ' Tough Guy ' contest in Perton , Staffordshire , today to push their bodies to the limit in frosty temperatures .
A competitor runs through the field of fire during today 's ' Tough Guy ' race
Endurance : A man calls out in pain as he crawls across chunks of ice beneath barbed wire
Flaming hell :
Two competitors clears a fire obstacle during the Tough Guy Challenge this afternoon
The eight - mile long assault course features terrifying underwater tunnels , barbed wire fences and fire walks .
It sees competitors stretched to their physical boundaries as they clamber over nets , walls and even an electrified fence dubbed ' The Tiger ' .
Brave Britons , Aussies , New Zealanders , Chinese and Japanese all took part in the rainy event - which saw its fair share of broken bones and bruised bodies .
Among the competitors were serving policemen and military personnel - but some of the more daring wore costumes , including 25 people dressed up as Liquorice Allsorts .
Event organiser Mouser Wilson , said : ' We ' did n't have much ground space , we had about 7,000 people here and we had to shut the doors to the public because everybody wanted to do it .
' We have had to turn at least a thousand away .
A competitor emerges from the water as he takes part in the Tough Guy 2010 race near Telford
A racer comes up for air after crawling through a water - logged tunnel
The Tough Guy Race consists of a cross country run followed by an assault course
Tired , muddy but very happy : Two women competing in the Tough Guy Competition at South Perton Farm
' We had plenty of military with us , many said that this course was harder than the army .
' I had a captain in Afghanistan write to me saying the British Army recognise Tough Guy as the most arduous test of physical and mental endurance .
' They want to send a lot of troops here to try the course before they send them off to Afghanistan .
' There is nothing like this in the world , and that is why people from all over the globe want to come here .
' Every year there 's something new - we have a zipline this year which takes you down a 1,000 metres very quickly and if you do n't let go above the water you 'll go straight into the wall .
' We had a fair few broken bones .
Hotting up : A competitor leaps across flaming peat at the end of the Tough Guy assault course
Bloodied but unbowed , a racer crawls beneath barbed wire
' But people attempt the course as a journey of self discovery , if people break their legs , they do n't come whining like many in our blame and claim culture - they ring up and apologise saying " Please let me come back next year " . '
Mr Wilson added : ' We 've had more and more children asking to do it , so we 're going to hold the first ever kids - only Tough Guy in October . '
One competitor , Liam Posthewaite , 32 , from Bristol , said : ' This is the hardest thing I 've ever physically done .
' Every single inch of you aches afterwards but the sense of achievement is so satisfying that it 's worth the pain .
' This is the first time I 've done it ... but it wo n't be the last . '
For 20 years , consistant development and over £ 2 million has been invested in creating over 100 obstacles on our dedicated 150 acre venue
In 1990 organisers decided to name females Tough Amazons .
There was a mass outcry from the ladies shouting we are Tough Guys
The annual event to raise cash for charity challenges thousands of international competitors in a cross country run followed by an assault course consisting of 21 obstacles including water , fire and tunnels
HSINCHU , Taiwan —
A magazine here is catching flak for touting scantily clad betel nut vendors as a tourist attraction .
The minor flap has renewed debate over a unique but controversial part of Taiwan 's pop culture .
Betel nut , a mild stimulant , is enjoyed across Asia .
But only in Taiwan is the nut sold by fetching young women in outrageous outfits , perched in neon - lit , see - through roadside stands .
Popularized in the 1990s , the so - called " betel nut beauty " phenomenon has long had a parade of critics , including feminists ( the trade degrades women ) , health officials ( betel nut causes oral cancer ) , embarrassed local officials ( betel nut culture is low - class and vulgar ) and environmentalists ( the cash crop is over - planted and causes soil erosion ) .
But the beauties do n't seem to be going anywhere .
Ditto betel - nut chewing , a dug - in part of Taiwan male , working - class culture that has so far resisted reformers ' best efforts to stamp it out .
Truckers , taxi- drivers and construction workers are especially fond of the chew .
Outside Hsinchu's high - speed rail station , a taxi driver who gave only his family name , Hsu , said foreigners often ask him to take them to see the betel nut girls .
( That might have something to do with the sidebar on " betel nut beauties " in the Hsinchu section of the Lonely Planet guidebook to Taiwan . )
Hsu laughed at the mention of the controversy , and drove us in search of the betel nut stands .
" In Taiwan , if you want to sell betel nut , you have to take off some clothes , " he said .
" If you wear too much , you wo n't make any money . "
Asked if he would mind if one of his own relatives worked as a betel nut beauty , Hsu considered for a moment and said , " I would n't say no , as long as they did n't wear too little .
If their clothes were too revealing they'd be criticized . "
They might also be fined by the police for indecency , in extreme cases , demanding a keen sense of exposure judgment from the girls .
" That stand 's new , and the girls wear too many clothes , " Hsu said dismissively , as we drove by one betel nut joint .
" They 're not going to make any money . "
Driving past a strip of stands on Guangfu Road , he complained , " They 're all wearing too much — you can't see anything .
You really need to come back in the summertime . "
One betel nut girl , staring out from bright blue , iris-enlarging contact lenses and unwieldy fake eyelashes , simply shrugged when asked about the controversy .
" It 's Taiwan culture , " she said , before hurrying out of her stall to the sidewalk to sell a customer his betel fix .
Down the road , a scowling beauty , more advanced in years , prepared a batch of nuts .
She slathered lime paste on a leaf , clipped the end off a betel nut , expertly wrapped the leaf around it and chucked it on a pile .
They 're sold in zip - lock bags , or in a box of 15 for about $ 1.75 , with white - and red - paste varieties ; fans chew the nuts like gum and spit out the juice .
A young woman who gave only her " nom de betel , " ( Steamed Bun ) was more chipper and talkative .
She sported white pumps , blue lingerie , a flimsy see - through negligee and a hooded winter coat .
But not because of the chill .
" A cop just came by and told us to cover up
more , " she explained .
As her fellow beauty slurped up a bowl of noodles , Steamed Bun said her parents originally opposed her line of work , but now they 'd gotten used to it .
She pulls in $ 1,500 to $ 1,900 in a good month , or about twice as much as a typical Taiwan college graduate 's starting salary .
Steamed Bun said busloads of Chinese and Japanese tourists come by their stand often to take pictures and sample the betel .
" It 's okay , I do n't mind , " she said , when asked if she objected to being touted as a tourist draw .
But she did complain about the occupational hazards .
" There are a lot of perverts .
They 'll try to touch your breasts , or stroke you .
Usually we take care of it ourselves .
I 've slapped customers before . "
If that fails , video cameras monitor the stands and sidewalks outside 24/ 7 .
Anyone who messes too much with the girls risks a beat - down from a security tough in the backroom or nearby .
The situation 's made more ambiguous because some girls sell sexual favors on the side , said Steamed Bun .
" Here we just sell betel nut , that 's it , " she said .
" But other girls might do more .
It 's up to them . "
In typical Taiwanese fashion , the latest flap drew a mix of outrage , and pointers on where the " spiciest " betel nut beauties can be found .
The trouble started when " T - Life " magazine , published by the Taiwan High - Speed Rail Corporation and distributed free to riders , listed betel nut beauties as one of the five top attractions in the Hsinchu area .
That drew criticism from some residents of the region , which is known for its gusty weather .
Said one indignant local to Apple Daily , " We 're the Windy City , not the Immoral City , " using a play on words in Chinese .
Soon the Hsinchu mayor and Hsinchu county commissioner had piled on , calling for a correction and apology .
Partly , they did n't like being singled out .
" Every city and county in Taiwan has betel nut beauties , " said a Hsinchu city spokesman by phone .
" In the south , there are even more , and they wear even less . "
The high - speed rail corporation has so far declined to apologize .
But it has " explained " the situation , according to a spokesperson at its Hsinchu station .
The magazine is outsourced , the advice on betel nut girls was only " the author 's personal point of view , " and in the future
the company will " closely review " its articles , the spokesperson said .
" Personally , I think it 's inappropriate , " to tout betel nut beauties , the spokesperson said .
" We should respect different cultures and different points of view , but I would n't encourage visitors to see betel nut girls . "
Meanwhile , a Hsinchu police official helpfully told the China Post that while the magazine had touted the beauties on Zhonghua Road , the ones on Gongdao Fifth Road and sections one and two of Jingguo Road wore far more revealing outfits .
On the way back to the high - speed rail station , another cab driver , Liu Hsiu - hua , said she respected the beauties ' business , but that it was inappropriate to tout them to tourists .
" There are so many other things to see around Hsinchu , " she said .
And besides , Hsinchu 's betel nut girls were nothing special , she said .
" The most outrageous girls ?
Probably the ones in Longtan , " she said , referring to a nearby township that 's also the headquarters of Taiwan 's army .
( Editor 's Note : See more of Tobie Openshaw 's photos of betel nut beauties and background on the topic ) .
Welcome to Festival Outlook , a new supplemental column that will provide more in - depth analysis for the rumors found on Consequence of Sound ’s Festival Outlook .
With the 2014 lineup announcement just days away , Alex Young and Frank Mojica get us started with a discussion on all things Coachella .
Alex Young ( AY ) :
This is the first time in a long while that we know such a substantial portion of Coachella ’s lineup prior to the January announcement .
Arcade Fire and OutKast are a lock to each headline a day , and it ’s looking increasingly likely that Muse are the third headliner , or possibly a co-headliner alongside Nine Inch Nails .
Other heavily rumored acts include Neutral Milk Hotel , CHVRCHES , HAIM , Mogwai , Empire of the Sun , Pixies , Placebo , and Lorde .
My question to you , Frank , is why do you think Coachella has had such a difficult time keeping this year ’s lineup under wraps ?
Also , do any of the aforementioned acts surprise you ?
I think most people assumed Coachella would eventually book OutKast and Neutral Milk Hotel .
Frank Mojica ( FM ) : The 2014 experience has definitely been a different one from last year .
I remember 2013 ’s headliners were assumed to include Daft Punk and The Rolling Stones well into January .
If Coachella is like Christmas for adults , then this year ’s lineup takes me back to the year when my parents just dumped all the presents into the extra bedroom , rather than wrapping or hiding them right away , so I knew almost everything I was getting .
As for why this has been the case , I think things have gone well in the booking process , so most headliners and major acts have been secured for a while , rather than at the last minute .
I recall reading that Red Hot Chili Peppers were literally signed to headline hours before the poster was released .
None of the current rumors surprise me , except OutKast , which would have been a major jaw - dropper had the secret been kept under wraps .
The surprising part about OutKast is n’t that they ’re playing Coachella , but that they are finally together and touring again .
Although Neutral Milk Hotel ’s sudden reunion came as a surprise , I knew that it would eventually include a visit to the Polo grounds .
Yes , this is a fake .
Muse looks likely , but I have a feeling that Tool might surprise us .
Imagine if Tool and Nine Inch Nails co-headlined a night .
That would be one for the ages for all of us that were angry adolescents in the ’90s .
Of course , all this is just speculation on my part , although I did have a dream that it happened .
So , the cat is out of the bag for Arcade Fire , OutKast , Neutral Milk Hotel , and seemingly every 2013 rookie with good publicity .
However , there are always left field reunions and unexpected rarities every year .
AY : For all we already know , there are still many questions left to be answered .
Will The Replacements continue their reunion activities into 2014 and finally hit the Polo Grounds ?
What about Sleater - Kinney ?
The band recently reunited onstage during a Pearl Jam concert , and with Wild Flag no more , it certainly seems like that reunion is on the table .
Boards of Canada were on many folks ’ list last year , and their absence from 2013 ’s lineup was especially surprising given their album release .
The same can also be said about The Knife , of course .
If I had to guess , I ’d expect at least three of those acts to end up on the lineup .
One of my favorite parts about Coachella , and all festivals for that matter , is how high ( or low ) an act is placed on a lineup .
If Sleater - Kinney does end up playing , I ca n’t envision them being any higher than the third line .
On the flip side , I ca n’t imagine Foster the People being on anything but the second line .
I raised this possibility earlier , but if Muse and Nine Inch Nails are booked for the same day , will they be listed as co-headliners , or will Muse get stand - alone billing ?
These days , Nine Inch Nails is nowhere near as big a band as Muse is , at least by mainstream Top 40 standards , but I could totally see a Stone Roses / Blur situation purely out of respect for Trent Reznor .
I also think Tool is a possibility , especially given their dates scheduled in South America in the weeks prior to Coachella .
Though , I ’m not sure their booking makes sense in a year where Arcade Fire and OutKast will also headline .
Last week someone on the Coachella message board argued that OutKast would be a sub - headliner if it were not for their reunion , and I tend to agree .
Them getting back together is huge news for rabid music fans and blog readers , but do André and Big Boi have the pull to draw 60,000 ?
I think that remains to be seen .
Arcade
Fire are at the height of their popularity right now , but I think the left field direction of Reflektor and their recent bit of quirkiness ( e.g. , dresscodegate ) make them a similar draw to Phoenix last year .
And what did Goldenvoice end up doing to mitigate the risks of booking two UK - centric reunion acts and an arena - status indie band as headliners ?
Book Red Hot Chili Peppers , who are still the biggest rock band around , like it or not .
That ’s why I have a hard time seeing Goldenvoice opt for Tool over the much more popular and safe Muse .
A Big Fuss Over Nothing
An analysis of real and imagined references to God , Christianity and Religion and lack thereof in obvious places in five documents from the founding period of our history : the Declaration of Independence , Articles of Confederation , Northwest Ordinance , Federalist Papers , Constitution of the United States
One constantly runs into comments by certain segments of Usenet posters that this nation was founded on religious , i.e. Protestant Christian principles .
When pushed to show where such principles can be found they mumble something about the Declaration of Independence , sometimes the Constitution and / or Bible .
I have to wonder if these people have ever really read those documents .
I decided to look over those documents and to mark any and all mentions of anything that could even remotely be the things these people are referring to .
I also marked some obvious places one might expect to find such references , but none appeared .
In addition , I marked the wording that actually broke unions and alliances between church ( religion ) and state ( Govt . )
What follows , emphasized by red letters are all the mentions and real or imagined references or connections to Christianity and / or religion .
by Jim Allison
Excerpts from the Declaration of Independence ( 1776 )
When in the Course of human events , it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another , and to assume among the powers of the earth , the separate and equal station to which the LAWS OF NATURE AND OF NATURE'S GOD entitle them , a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation .
We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by THEIR CREATOR with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness .
-- That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed --. . .
We , therefore , the Representatives of the united States of America , in General Congress , Assembled , appealing to the SUPREME JUDGE OF THE WORLD for the rectitude of our intentions , do , in the Name , and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies , solemnly publish and declare , That these United Colonies are , and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States ; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown , and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain , is and ought to be totally dissolved ; and that as Free and Independent States , they have full Power to levy War , conclude Peace , contract Alliances , establish Commerce , and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do .
And for the support of this Declaration , with a firm reliance on the protection of DIVINE PROVIDENCE , we mutually pledge to each other our Lives , our Fortunes and our sacred Honor .
That 's it .
In the entire document sixteen words .
No authority is given to religion in the affairs of men .
Why , it even mentions that the power of government comes not from God but the people .
This particular document did not form or found a government .
It was a document designed to appeal to Europeans , and to elicit aid and support from the people and governments of Europe .
Much ado about nothing .
Jefferson 's Declaration of Independence did not use the word " Creator "
Excerpt From Articles of Confederation ( 1777 )
ARTICLE I III
The said States hereby severally enter into a firm league of friendship with each other , for their common defense , the security of their liberties , and their mutual and general welfare , binding themselves to assist each other , against all force offered to , or attacks made upon them , or any of them , on account of RELIGION , sovereignty , trade , or any other pretense whatever .
And Whereas it hath pleased the GREAT GOVERNOR OF THE WORLD to incline the hearts of the legislatures we respectively represent in Congress , to approve of , and to authorize us to ratify the said Articles of Confederation and perpetual Union .
Know
Ye that we the undersigned delegates , by virtue of the power and authority to us given for that purpose , do by these presents , in the name and in behalf of our respective constituents , fully and entirely ratify and confirm each and every of the said Articles of Confederation and perpetual Union , and all and singular the matters and things therein contained :
And we do further solemnly plight and engage the faith of our respective constituents , that they shall abide by the determinations of the United States in Congress assembled , on all questions , which by the said Confederation are submitted to them .
And that the Articles thereof shall be inviolably observed by the States we respectively represent , and that the Union shall be perpetual .
In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands in Congress .
Done at Philadelphia in the State of Pennsylvania the ninth day of July in the YEAR OF OUR LORD One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy - Eight , and in the Third Year of the independence of America .
Agreed to by Congress 15 November 1777
In force after ratification by Maryland , 1 March , 1781
That 's it .
In the entire document just TEN words .
While this particular document did create a government of a sorts , a loose confederation of several independent states ( nations ) as can be seen , this document did not form any kind of union or alliances between govt and religion .
It gave no power or authority to religion in civil matters nor did it give any power or authority to the civil government in matters of religion .
The evolution is evident -- the are fewer real or imagined references to God , Religion , etc in this document than in the Declaration of Independence .
Excerpts from the Northwest Ordinance ( 1787 )
Art. 1 . No person , demeaning himself in a peaceable and orderly manner , shall ever be molested on account of his mode of worship or religious sentiments , in the said territory .
Art. 3 . Religion , morality , and knowledge , being necessary to good government and the happiness of mankind , schools and the means of education shall forever be encouraged .
The Northwest Ordinance ( 1787-89
The Northwest Ordinance
The Northwest Ordinance : Course of Debate
Excerpts from the Constitution of the United States ( 1787 , 1791 )
ARTICLE I Section 7 . . . .
If any bill shall not be returned by the President within ten days ( SUNDAYS EXCEPTED ) after it shall have been presented to him , the same shall be a law , in like manner as if he had signed it , unless the Congress by their adjournment prevent its return , in which case it shall not be a law .
ARTICLE II Section 1 . . . .
Before he enter on the execution of his office , he shall take the following oath or affirmation : --" I do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . "
ARTICLE VI .
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned , and the members of the several state legislatures , and all executive and judicial officers , both of the United States and of the several states , shall be bound by oath or affirmation , to support this Constitution ; but NO RELIGIOUS TEST shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States .
At the End of the Document Before the List of Signers :
Done in convention by the unanimous consent of the states present the seventeenth day of September in the YEAR OF OUR LORD one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven and of the independence of the United States of America the twelfth .
Added December 15 , 1791 :
AMENDMENT I. . .
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ;
That 's it .
Absolutely no reference to God , Christianity or religion , except as negatives on the government , denying alliances and unions between church ( religion ) and state ( govt . )
The evolution is complete .
By following the three documents you will see the evolution of an intent to separate church and state .
Some point to the words " Year of our Lord " and " Sundays excepted " as proof or at least of evidence that the founders did n't want to separate church and state .
Consider :
(1) The Rev Jasper Adams , president of the College of Charleston , was the second person to advance the idea of Sunday 's excepted in his February 1833 sermon , later published as The Relation of Christianity to Civil Government in the United States .
( U. S. Senator Frelinghuysen was the first to do so in a speech before the Senate in 1830 ) and the first to advance " Year of Our Lord " as having made links between the U S Constitution and religion in general or Christianity specifically .
Note that Adams preached his sermon some 46 years after the U S Constitution was framed , 45 years after it was ratified , 44 years after our government began operating under it and 42 years after the Amendments comprising the Bill of Rights were added to it .
The above took place long after the founding of this nation .
No founder had ever advanced either of those theories .
in fact , one of the few founders still alive at that time , James Madison disagreed with Jasper Adams 's opinions on this matter .
Who do you think was in the better position to know ?
(2) Detailed information about the evolution of the " Sunday 's excepted " phrase is available at :
Sundays Excepted
" Sunday Excepted " & " Year of Our lord " ( 1830 - 1833 )
Excerpts from the Federalist Papers
While not actually a founding document , some people seem to think that there is a great deal of information in the Federalists Papers with regards to Religion .
As the following shows , that is far from being true .
The emphasis added is ours .
October 27 , 1787
The Federalist Papers
Federalist Papers # 1
General Introduction
Alexander Hamilton
This circumstance , if duly attended to , would furnish a lesson of moderation to those who are ever so much persuaded of their being in the right in any controversy .
And a further reason for caution , in this respect , might be drawn from the reflection that we are not always sure that those who advocate the truth are influenced by purer principles than their antagonists .
Ambition , avarice , personal animosity , party opposition , and many other motives not more laudable than these , are apt to operate as well upon those who support as those who oppose the right side of a question .
Were there not even these inducements to moderation , nothing could be more ill - judged than that intolerant spirit which has , at all times , characterized political parties .
For in politics , as in RELIGION , it is equally absurd to aim at making proselytes by fire and sword .
Heresies in either can rarely be cured by persecution .
Publius .
[ Editor 's Note : " Publius " was a pen name used by Hamilton , Jay and Madison ]
Source :
The Federalist Papers
October 31 , 1787
The Federalist Papers
Federalist No. 2
Concerning Dangers from Foreign Force and Influence
John Jay
With equal pleasure I have as often taken notice that Providence has been pleased to give this one connected country to one united people -- a people descended from the same ancestors , speaking the same language , professing the same RELIGION , attached to the same principles of government , very similar in their manners and customs , and who , by their joint counsels , arms , and efforts , fighting side by side throughout a long and bloody war , have nobly established general liberty and independence .
Publius .
Source :
The Federalist Papers
November 10 , 1787
The Federalist Papers
Federalist Paper # 5
The Same Subject Continued : Concerning Dangers from Foreign Force and Influence
John Jay
QUEEN ANNE , in her letter of the 1st July , 1706 , to the Scotch Parliament , makes some observations on the importance of the UNION then forming between England and Scotland , which merit our attention .
I shall present the public with one or two extracts from it : `` An entire and perfect union will be the solid foundation of lasting peace :
It will secure your RELIGION , liberty , and property ; remove the animosities amongst yourselves , and the jealousies and differences betwixt our two kingdoms .
It must increase your strength , riches , and trade ; and by this union the whole island , being joined in affection and free from all apprehensions of different interest , will be ENABLED TO RESIST ALL ITS ENEMIES . "
" We most earnestly recommend to you calmness and unanimity in this great and weighty affair , that the union may be brought to a happy conclusion , being the only EFFECTUAL way to secure our present and future happiness , and disappoint the designs of our and your enemies , who will doubtless , on this occasion , USE THEIR UTMOST ENDEAVORS TO PREVENT OR DELAY THIS UNION . ''
PUBLIUS .
Source :
Source : The Federalist Papers
November 22 , 1787
The Federalist Papers
Federalist Paper # 10
The Union as a Safeguard Against Domestic Faction and Insurrection
James Madison :
The latent causes of faction are thus sown in the nature of man ; and we see them everywhere brought into different degrees of activity , according to the different circumstances of civil society .
A zeal for different opinions concerning RELIGION , concerning government , and many other points , as well of speculation as of practice ; an attachment to different leaders ambitiously contending for pre-eminence and power ; or to persons of other descriptions whose fortunes have been interesting to the human passions , have , in turn , divided mankind into parties , inflamed them with mutual animosity , and rendered them much more disposed to vex and oppress each other than to co-operate for their common good .
Publius .
Source :
The Federalist Papers
December 7 , 1787
The Federalist Papers
Federalits # 18 >
The Insufficiency of the Present Confederation to Preserve the Union
Alexander Hamilton and James Madison
The members retained the character of independent and sovereign states , and had equal votes in the federal council .
This council had a general authority to propose and resolve whatever it judged necessary for the common welfare of Greece ; to declare and carry on war ; to decide , in the last resort , all controversies between the members ; to fine the aggressing party ; to employ the whole force of the confederacy against the disobedient ; to admit new members .
The Amphictyons were the guardians of RELIGION , and of the immense riches belonging to the temple of Delphos , where they had the right of jurisdiction in controversies between the inhabitants and those who came to consult the oracle .
As a further provision for the efficacy of the federal powers , they took an oath mutually to defend and protect the united cities , to punish the violators of this oath , and to inflict vengeance on sacrilegious despoilers of the temple .
In theory , and upon paper , this apparatus of powers seems amply sufficient for all general purposes .
In several material instances , they exceed the powers enumerated in the articles of confederation .
The Amphictyons had in their hands the superstition of the times , one of the principal engines by which government was then maintained ; they had a declared authority to use coercion against refractory cities , and were bound by oath to exert this authority on the necessary occasions .
Publius
Source :
The Federalist Papers
December 8 , 1787
The Federalist Papers
Federalist # 19
The Insufficiency of the Present Confederation to Preserve the Union
Alexander Hamilton and James Madison
So far as the peculiarity of their case will admit of comparison with that of the United States , it serves to confirm the principle intended to be established .
Whatever efficacy the union may have had in ordinary cases , it appears that the moment a cause of difference sprang up , capable of trying its strength , it failed .
The controversies on the subject of RELIGION , which in three instances have kindled violent and bloody contests , may be said , in fact , to have severed the league .
The Protestant and Catholic cantons have since had their separate diets , where all the most important concerns are adjusted , and which have left the general diet little other business than to take care of the common bailages .
That separation had another consequence , which merits attention .
It produced opposite alliances with foreign powers : of Berne , at the head of the Protestant association , with the United Provinces ; and of Luzerne , at the head of the Catholic association , with France .
Publius
Source :
The Federalist Papers
January 1 , 1788
The Federalist Papers
The Federaluist # 31
Concerning the General Power of Taxation
Alexander Hamilton
The objects of geometrical inquiry are so entirely abstracted from those pursuits which stir up and put in motion the unruly passions of the human heart , that mankind , without difficulty , adopt not only the more simple theorems of the science , but even those abstruse paradoxes which , however they may appear susceptible of demonstration , are at variance with the natural conceptions which the mind , without the aid of philosophy , would be led to entertain upon the subject .
The INFINITE DIVISIBILITY of matter , or , in other words , the INFINITE divisibility of a FINITE thing , extending even to the minutest atom , is a point agreed among geometricians , though not less incomprehensible to common - sense than any of those mysteries in RELIGION , against which the batteries of infidelity have been so industriously leveled .
Publius .
Source :
The Federalist Papers
February 8 , 1788
The Federalist Papers
Federalist Paper # 51
The Structure of the Government Must Furnish the Proper Checks and Balances Between the Different Departments
[ generally credited to James Madison ]
Second .
It is of great importance in a republic not only to guard the society against the oppression of its rulers , but to guard one part of the society against the injustice of the other part .
Different interests necessarily exist in different classes of citizens .
If a majority be united by a Common interest , the rights of the minority will be insecure .
There are but two methods of providing against this evil : the one by creating a will in the community independent of the majority that is , of the society itself ; the other , by comprehending in the society so many separate descriptions of citizens as will render an unjust combination of a majority of the whole very improbable , if not impracticable .
The first method prevails in all governments possessing an hereditary or self - appointed authority .
This , at best , is but a precarious security ; because a power independent of the society may as well espouse the unjust views of the major as the rightful interests of the minor party , and may possibly be turned against both parties .
The second method will be exemplified in the federal republic of the United States .
Whilst all authority in it will be derived from and dependent on the society , the society itself will be broken into so many parts , interests and classes of citizens , that the rights of individuals , or of the minority , will be in little danger from interested combinations of the majority .
In a free government the security for civil rights must be the same as that for RELIGIOUS RIGHTS .
It consists in the one case in the multiplicity of interests , and in the other in the multiplicity of SECTS .
The degree of security in both cases will depend on the number of interests and SECTS ; and this may be presumed to depend on the extent of country and number of people comprehended under the same government .
This view of the subject must particularly recommend a proper federal system to all the sincere and considerate friends of republican government , since it shows that in exact proportion as the territory of the Union may be formed into more circumscribed Confederacies , or States , oppressive combinations of a majority will be facilitated ; the best security , under the republican forms , for the rights of every class of citizen , will be diminished ; and consequently the stability and independence of some member of the government , the only other security , must be proportionally increased .
Justice is the end of government .
It is the end of civil society .
It ever has been and ever will be pursued until it be obtained or until liberty be lost in the pursuit ,
In a society under the forms of which the stronger faction can readily unite and oppress the weaker , anarchy may as truly be said to reign as in a state of nature , where the weaker individual is not secured against the violence of the stronger ; and as , in the latter state , even the stronger individuals are prompted , by the uncertainty of their condition , to submit to a government which may protect the weak as well as them selves ; so , in the former state , will the more : powerful factions or parties be gradually induced by a like motive , to wish for a government which will protect all parties , the weaker as well as the more powerful .
It can be little doubted that if the State of Rhode Island was separated from the Confederacy and left to itself , the insecurity of rights under the popular farm of government within such narrow limits would be displayed by such reiterated oppressions of factious majorities that some power altogether independent of the people would soon be called for by the voice of the very factions whose misrule had proved the necessity of it .
In the extended republic of the United States , and among the great variety of interests , parties , and SECTS which it embraces , a coalition of a majority of the whole society could seldom take place on any other principles than those of justice and .
the general good ; whilst there being thus less danger to a minor from the will of a major party , middot ; there must be less pretext , also , to provide for the security of the former , try introducing into the government a will not dependent on the latter , or , in other words , a will independent of the society itself .
It is no less certain than it is important , notwithstanding the contrary opinions which have been entertained , that the larger the society , provided it lie within .
a practicable sphere , the more duly capable it will be of self - government .
And happily for the republican cause , the practicable sphere may be carried to a very great extent by a judicious modification and mixture of the federal principle .
Publius
Source :
The Federalist Papers
February 19 , 1788
The Federalist Papers
Federalist Paper # 57
The Alleged Tendency of the Plan to Elevate the Few at the Expense of the Many Considered in Connection with Representation
[ Generally credited to Madison though some say Hamilton ]
. . .
Who are to be the electors of the federal representatives ?
Not the rich , more than the poor ; not the learned , more than the ignorant ; not the haughty heirs of distinguished names , more than the humble sons of obscurity and unpropitious fortune .
The electors are to be the great body of the people of the United States .
They are to be the same who exercise the right in every State of electing the corresponding branch of the legislature of the State .
Who are to be the objects of popular choice ?
Every citizen whose merit may recommend him to the esteem and confidence of his country .
No qualification of wealth , of birth , OF RELIGIOUS FAITH , or of civil profession is permitted to fetter the judgement or disappoint the inclination of the people .
If we consider the situation of
Source :
The Federalist Papers
March 14 , 1788
The Federalist Papers
Federalist Paper # 69
The Real Character of the Executive
Hamilton . . .
The President of the United States would be an officer elected by the people for four years ; the king of Great Britain is a perpetual and hereditary prince .
The one would be amenable to personal punishment and disgrace ; the person of the other is sacred and inviolable .
The one would have a qualified negative upon the acts of the legislative body ; the other has an absolute negative .
The one would have a right to command the military and naval forces of the nation ; the other , in addition to this right , possesses that of declaring war , and of raising and regulating fleets and armies by his own authority .
The one would have a concurrent power with a branch of the legislature in the formation of treaties ; the other is the sole possessor of the power of making treaties .
The one would have a like concurrent authority in appointing to offices ; the other is the sole author of all appointments .
The one can confer no privileges whatever ; the other can make denizens of aliens , noblemen of commoners ; can erect corporations with all the rights incident to corporate bodies .
The one can prescribe no rules concerning the commerce or currency of the nation ; the other is in several respects the arbiter of commerce , and in this capacity can establish markets and fairs , can regulate weights and measures , can lay embargoes for a limited time , can coin money , can authorize or prohibit the circulation of foreign coin .
The one has no particle of SPIRITUAL JURISDICTION ; THE OTHER IS THE SUPREME HEAD AND GOVERNOR OF THE NATIONAL CHURCH !
What answer shall we give to those who would persuade us that things so unlike resemble each other ?
The same that ought to be given to those who tell us that a government , the whole power of which would be in the hands of the elective and periodical servants of the people , is an aristocracy , a monarchy , and a despotism .
Publius .
Source :
The Federalist Papers
(3) Study Guide for The Roots of American Democracy
(4) Roots of American Law
(5) Madison 's Arguments Against Special Religious Sanction of American Government ( 1792 )
(6) How often did the founders quote the Bible ?
(7) Did Montesquieu base his theory of separation of powers on the Bible ?
(8) Federal officials take their oaths upon a Bible , and use the words " so help me God . "
(9) Dangers and Comments on " We the People ; " Factions , Including Religious Sects , & Denominations ; Local & State Governments ; Majority v. Minority ; Common Law and Other Things of Importance
Large scale soybean production used for animal feed , biofuels and in food additives has come at a price : millions of hectares of rainforest and other sensitive ecosystems have and are being destroyed .
In order to put an end to this the World Wildlife Fund for Nature ( WWF ) and others founded the Roundtable on Sustainable Soy in 2004 .
Today this initiative is called the Roundtable on Responsible Soy ( RTRS ) .
It comprises producers , finance , trade & industry representatives , NGOs , certification bodies and universities .
Members range from Monsanto , Syngenta , Cargill , Bunge to Unilever , Shell , BP , Conservation International , The Nature Conservancy , WWF and producers such as Gruppo André Maggi - the world ’s largest soybean producer based in Brazil .
Its scope is to ‘ promote responsible soy production irrespective of the type of production model ’ and to develop a label to certify such soy as ‘ responsible ’ .
In order to achieve this aim , RTRS organises meetings to eventually reach a voluntary consensus based on several criteria .
Its last one took place in May in Campinas , Brazil .
Since its inception the RTRS has come under criticism from NGOs such as Friends of the Earth International , the Global Forest Coalition and farmers associations , which argue that rather than stopping deforestation the RTRS legitimises soy expansion .
Furthermore , given that roughly 60 per cent of global soybean production uses genetically modified ( GM ) beans , endorsing current production systems as ‘ responsible ’ effectively means endorsing GM soy production , and giving it the halo of ‘ responsibility . ’
As tends to be the case with monocultures , so argue the critics , soy monocultures cause and increase environmental problems ; plagues , soil erosion , loss of agricultural diversity and destruction of regional economies .
In the case of GM soy monocultures , they tend to create over - reliance on one herbicide ( usually Monsanto ’s RoundUp ) , resulting in the development of herbicide - resistant weeds ; leading to the use of greater volumes of chemicals to control them .
They also make famers dependent on patented product ranges and have been linked with health problems in people exposed to the aerial spraying of herbicides .
They question the authentication of this kind of farming under the label ‘ sustainable ’ .
On the subject of forests , the RTRS has the following to say :
‘ The RTRS recognizes the importance of forests , rivers , biodiversity and fragile ecosystem conservation .
It stresses the importance of respecting legal limits on deforestation , all conservation areas and international treaties on that matter . ’
Those opposed to the intiative say that the companies behind it were supposed to be respecting those laws already , yet the result has been continued deforestation .
They argue that ‘ recognition ’ and ‘ respect for ’ legal limits is far too weak and instead would like to see a stronger commitment and language .
Important issues on how monitoring and enforcement will be paid for , or when and how sanctions will be applied if criteria are broken or ignored , have , according to the critics , also remained unclear .
So where does that leave the responsible GM soy bean ?
There is currently fierce discussion amongst NGOs who argue that the RTRS process is ineffective in protecting the rainforest and other sensitive ecosystems and want to ensure that GM soy is excluded from any ‘ responsible ’ certification process .
In the run-up to the Campinas meeting over sixty organizations sent an open letter to RTRS ’s members calling for it to be abandoned .
WWF , which is officially opposed to GMOs , promptly responded :
‘… WWF believes that by developing standards with other stakeholders , we can have a far greater impact than by refusing to participate . …
The RTRS is currently ‘ technology neutral ’ meaning that both GM and non-GM technologies can meet the RTRS standard , … If the RTRS principles and criteria included a prohibition on the use of GMs , their potential application would be restricted to the limited proportion of global production ( estimated at 30 % ) that is GM - free .
This would limit the potential of the RTRS to address impacts of GM soy production as well .
…
Options include an optional protocol within RTRS for those who want to verify that soy is non-GM or use of systems already operating in some national markets to identify non-GM products . ’
In response to this , campaign groups A SEED Europe and Corporate Europe Observatory ( CEO ) launched a petition asking WWF to abandon the process altogether .
It was followed by a stunt in which several campaigners paid a visit to WWF ’s Netherlands office , one of them dressed as a ‘ Monsanto circus director ’ who during the action tried to convince a fellow campaigner in a ‘ panda ’ costume to sign a RTRS declaration that ends with the words ‘ I hereby declare GM RoundupReady soy RESPONSIBLE ’ .
The panda refused .
The real panda seems to have been more equivocal , however .
At its meeting in Campinas the RTRS executive board endorsed a criterion that could allow ‘ responsible ’ soy to be grown on land that was deforested as recently as May 2009 .
And soy can still be labelled ‘ responsible ’ when harvested from lands deforested after May 2009 if the producer can demonstrate that it was not prime forest or an area of High Conservation Value , or land belonging to local peoples .
Argentinean NGO
Fundapaz walked out of the process at this point , saying that it did n’t find the criteria strong enough .
At the time of writing pressure on WWF and RTRS is continuing , with 2400 people writing protest letters to RTRS ’s members .
On the other side , WWF maintains that it will stay the course with RTRS .
The issue is set to continue dividing the environmental movement for some time to come .
For more information , visit www.toxicsoy.org, or to learn about the RTRS process click here .
Stephanie Roth is a former News Editor of the Ecologist .
Since no one wanted to buy the space shuttles when NASA first offered them up for sale , the agency has decided to slash the price to a more modest $ 28.8 million each .
And the engines ?
Free ( pay only S+H ) .
Advertisement
Discovery is already headed to the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum , but those other two ?
Atlantis and Endeavour ?
Totally available and looking to score .
And the engines I mentioned above originally went for about $ 400,000 to $ 800,000 apiece , but no one bit when they were put up for sale in December 2008 .
Now , when they go out of service with the rest of the shuttle program , they 'll be yours if you pony up the cost of shipping .
[ NYT via Slashdot ]
With so many Republican politicians railing against the stimulus while taking stimulus money for their districts , one prominent Republican governor is calling out his colleagues ’ hypocrisy .
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was proud to accept stimulus dollars for his state and praised the program for creating or saving over 150,000 jobs .
“ I have been the first governor , of the Republican governors , to come out and to support the stimulus money because I say to myself , this is terrific , ” Schwarzenegger told ABC ’s Terry Moran Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
In contrast to many Republicans , the California governor believes the stimulus has created and protected public and private sector jobs .
“ Anyone that says that it has n’t created the jobs , they should talk to the 150,000 people that have been getting jobs in California , ” he said .
“ This is a hundred and fifty thousand people that are going home today with a check , that are providing for their family , that can buy textbooks for their kids , that are feeling wanted and needed and feeling productive , ” he exclaimed .
“ A better job is n’t just a job , it ’s all those things . ”
Schwarzenegger also lashed out at GOP politicians who voted against the bill then took credit for benefits provided to their states .
“ Well , you know , to me I find it interesting that you have a lot of the Republicans running around and pushing back on the stimulus money and saying this does n’t create any new jobs , ” said Schwarzenegger .
“ Then , they go out and they do the photo ops and they are posing with the big check and they say , ‘ Is n’t this great ? ' ”
This video is from ABC’s This Week , broadcast Feb. 21 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
The parliamentary leader of the ruling French party is to put forward a draft law within two weeks to ban the full - body veil from French streets and all other public places .
The announcement by Jean - François Copé , cutting short an anguished six - month debate on the burka and its Arab equivalent , the niqab , will divide both right and left and is likely to anger President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Mr Copé , in an interview with Le Figaro to be published tomorrow , said that he would bring forward a law which would impose fines of up to € 750 ( £ 675 ) on anyone appearing in public " with their face entirely masked " .
Exemptions , still to be drafted , would permit the wearing of masks on " traditional , festive occasions " , such as carnivals .
Stiffer punishments would be laid down for men who " forced " their wives or daughters to wear full - body veils .
President Sarkozy has been trying to contain a surge of anti-Islamic feeling unleashed in France by his call in October for a " debate on national identity " .
He said on Monday that he saw no reason for immediate legislation to ban the burka or full - length veil .
In a private meeting with parliamentary members of his centre - right party , the Union pour un Mouvement Populaire ( UMP ) , he suggested that they should simply pass a resolution declaring the burka or niqab to be contrary to French traditions of freedom and laws on women 's rights .
If such a declaration in the National Assembly had no effect , the President said , parliament could legislate in six months ' time .
Mr Copé , the leader of the overwhelming UMP majority in the lower house of parliament , nonetheless told Le Figaro that he would publish a draft law within two weeks to , in effect , ban the burka .
Once passed , he said , the law could be held in abeyance for six months to allow " discussions " with the Muslim community in France .
This is the latest of a series of acts of defiance by Mr Copé , who sees himself as a future successor to Mr Sarkozy .
A parliamentary commission of inquiry into the wearing of the burka or niqab in France – set up last summer – will not publish its findings before the end of this month .
The ruling body of the main opposition party , the Parti Socialiste , said yesterday it was " totally opposed to the burka " which amounted to a " prison for women " .
But it announced , after a heated two - hour debate in its national executive , that a legal ban would be " counter - productive " and " opportunistic " .
However Mr Copé can probably count on the support of a large majority of deputies from his own , and centrist and left - wing , opposition parties , when he presents his draft law to the assembly .
The debate about the burka – and whether it is fundamentally contrary to French republican commitments to liberty and equality – was launched by a Communist member of parliament last June .
Some senior figures on the left have supported the idea of a legal ban .
So has Fadela Amara , a left - wing campaigner for the rights of Muslim women who entered Mr Sarkozy 's government in 2007 as Minister for Urban Development .
Most moderate Islamic leaders have sharply criticised the burka but suggested that it was such a limited phenomenon in France that legislation was unnecessary and might alienate moderate Muslims .
The burka , per se , is an Afghan tradition allowing a woman only a narrow gauze - covered eye - opening .
It is little found in France .
The Arab equivalent , the Niqab , which has a narrow opening at eye - level , is only slightly more common .
A study by the French internal security services last year suggested that the total number of women wearing both types of full body veil in France was around 2,000 – out of a total French population of adult , Muslim women of about 1,500,000 .
Most of those women who wear full - length veils are below 30 years of age , the report said .
Many had been influenced by radical forms of Islam ; a substantial proportion were French women who had converted .
Yesterday the veteran far - right leader , Jean - Marie Le Pen , also rejected the need for new legislation against the burka , perhaps surprisingly .
He said that the existing French legal code already banned masks in public places .
" All they need to do is apply the law , " he said .
Mr Copé , in his interview with Le Figaro , said a specific ban was justified by security concerns – the need to oppose extremist forms of Islam – but also by an obligation to " protect and respect the rights of women " .
Carpet Cleaning in Tacoma
Carpets are one of the decor features that every homeowner knows is the key to pulling a room together and making it look marvelous .
Getting a one - of - a - kind carpet showcases your unique sense of style to anyone visiting your home .
Whether it ’s a loop pile carpet or a cut pile carpet , you can get different designs that will leave your home looking exotic .
However , with every good thing comes a responsibility along with it .
To enjoy the benefits that carpets offer , it ’s important that they stay clean .
Cleaning your carpets regularly , either by steam cleaning or vacuuming , can help reduce the buildup of allergens in your home as well as prolong the life of your carpet .
Unclean carpets , on the other hand , might lead to various problems such as unpleasant odors , dust and allergen buildup , unsightly stains , and many more .
To avoid these problems , you should get frequent carpet cleaning in Tacoma .
Our cleaning crew service uses various techniques to do the cleaning such as carpet shampooing , steam cleaning , upholstery cleaning , bonnet cleaning , dry powder method , and the external eradication method .
While doing the cleaning yourself might seem like an easy chore to undertake , you might not have the necessary tools to get the best results .
That ’s why it ’s advised that you leave it to our experts .
Carpet Professionals in Tacoma
Tacoma carpet cleaning costs are determined by many factors that contribute to the decrease and increase of the cost .
Homes with many rooms will pay more for the carpet cleaning services as it means there ’s more area to cover compared to a house with fewer rooms .
The type of carpet that needs cleaning contributes to the costs as different carpets present different challenges due to their texture , weight , density , twist , PAR rating , etc .
The more enhanced these features are in your carpet , the more you will have to pay for the carpet cleaning service .
Sometimes , the color of the carpet also determines the pricing of the services .
Homes with black carpets will cost less to clean compared to houses with white carpets , especially if the carpet needs stain removing services .
This is because of the challenges that the different colors offer .
Getting a white - colored carpet back to its original color is usually tougher compared to other colors .
Along with stain removing , you may need water extraction if you ’ve recently experienced a leak in your home .
The carpet might also need to get removed and taken to our carpet cleaning contractors in Tacoma .
The transportation to their workshop slightly increases the costs .
If the cleaning was to get done on - site , it would be much cheaper .
Typically , it will cost you $ 25 to $ 75 per room to get a carpet cleaning service .
Our Licenses and Certifications Service License : WA_92898402712
Bonding Number : WA_92898402712
Complete Carpet Cleaning is bonded , insured , and a member of the Carpet Cleaning Association , as well a the National Interior Cleaning Association .
Our professionals are certified and trained by the NACP , ACP , CPA , and CPAA .
We pride ourselves in offering the highest quality of workmanship with equally competitive rates for homeowners .
You ’ll get the best cleaners in the area with professional habits and friendly smiles .
Everyone on staff is licensed , bonded , and insured .
Why Choose Us for Your Carpet Cleaning ?
Our Proven Process
Our methods are simple : top cleaning service for affordable prices .
Our Track Record
Our success depends greatly on return customers who love the service .
Our Trained and Certified Staff
Our best professionals know all the ins and outs of carpet and upholstery cleaning .
Services We Offer Carpet Cleaning
Have your carpets looking spotless and good as new .
All it takes is a day of shampooing and a few hours drying and then voilà , new carpets !
Upholstery Cleaning
Have every piece of furniture in your home looking great and feeling comfortable .
Our professional staff can take special care of your upholstery .
Rug Cleaning
With high tech vacuums and cleaning equipment , any rug can be cleaned with ease !
To get your custom or Oriental rug shampooed , simply give us a call .
Carpet Cleaning FAQ in Tacoma
When the Tacoma carpet cleaning contractors do the cleanup , do they move the furniture themselves ?
If it ’s an on - site job , our Tacoma carpet cleaning contractors will move the furniture themselves either outside the house or even just around the house so as to make their work much easier when doing the cleanup .
Once they ’re done , they will move the furniture back to their original position .
Will carpet cleaning in Tacoma remove the stubborn stains from my carpet ?
Yes , this is one of the purposes of getting professional carpet cleaning in Tacoma .
Our carpet cleaning experts are well - equipped with certified tools and products that will remove some of the most stubborn stains from your carpet .
Whether it ’s a wine stain , coffee stain , paint stain , or any other type of stain , you can count on them to deliver .
Do carpet cleaning contractors in Tacoma offer other additional services ?
Some of the additional services that our carpet cleaning contractors in Tacoma might provide include furniture cleaning , upholstery cleaning , mattress cleanups , and general house cleaning services .
These are usually additional requests that you can make which will affect your total cost .
Reviews
4.8/5
86 votes 4.2/5
182 votes 4.6/5
36 votes 4/
5
64 votes 4.2/5
24 votes 4.9/5
92 votes
On March 4 , the BBC News reported that the number of defects in newborn babies in Fallujah has risen dramatically since the American armed forces carried out a major offensive against insurgents in 2004 .
The level of heart defects among newborn babies is said to be 13 times higher than in Europe .
Fallujah is less than 40 miles from Baghdad and can still reportedly be dangerous to get to .
Consequently , there has not been an authoritative medical investigation into the allegations that the weapons used by the American armed forces are still causing serious problems .
However , after decades of use , the dangers of U.S. munitions have become blatantly obvious .
The Iraqi government claims that there are only one or two extra cases of birth defects per year in Fallujah , but Pediatric specialist Dr. Samira al - Ani from Fallujah General Hospital told the BBC that she saw two or three new cases every day .
Dr. al - Ani has nothing documented , but she says that year to year the number of defects in newborns is increasing .
Before the 2004 attack on Fallujah , Dr. al - Ani noticed similar ailments in one baby every two months .
Unsurprisingly -- perhaps tellingly -- Dr. al - Ani and other staff members at Fallujah General Hospital seemed nervous about talking too openly about the problem .
U.S. military authorities say they are unaware of any official report indicating increased birth defects in Fallujah .
That 's primarily due to the fact that there are no official figures for the birth defects in Fallujah because no official reports exist .
It 's a pretty sure bet that there wo n't be any official reports coming any time soon .
Little if any mention of the BBC report was made by the U.S. corporate media .
A brief item appeared on the CBS News website quoting BBC News correspondent John Simpson who said “ The US government does not want it known that it was using chemicals on human beings in a country whose leader it overthrew ostensibly because he retained the capacity to do the same thing .
” The U.S. military was forced to admit that it used White Phosphorous in Fallujah when someone reportedly noticed that Field Artillery Magazine , a U.S. Army publication , had already documented its deployment in its March / April 2005 edition .
The magazine wrote that “ We fired ‘ shake and bake ’ missions at the insurgents , using WP [ White Phosphorous ] to flush them out and HE [ High Explosives ] to take them out .
” Dahr Jamail , the freelance journalist that broke the story received an award from Project Censored for the second most under - reported story of the year .
Using White Phosphorous is a war crime .
Given the implications and seriousness of the U.S. using those munitions , it 's easy to see why that story is still under - reported by the U.S. corporate media .
As noted by Taki's Magazine , the U.S. does not want to compensate foreigners -- or the U.S. troops who have been repeatedly deployed in Iraq -- for any harm the U.S. military might have done .
The U.S. military is no stranger to using illegal munitions during times of war .
America 's Vietnam veterans were crippled and killed because of the dioxin dropped all over Vietnam by the U.S. military .
In keeping with tradition , it took many years for the U.S. government to acknowledge .
It took 30 years for the U.S. government to acknowledge and admit wrongdoing before paying anything , despite the fact that Vietnam vets were observing their children being born with severe birth defects from dioxin in Agent Orange and other herbicides that were wantonly used in Vietnam by the U.S. military .
99,266 veterans claimed to have been affected by the U.S. military 's herbicide , but only 7,520 veterans received some form of compensation .
In addition to our U.S. veterans , as also noted by Taki's Magazine , as many as 4.8 million Vietnamese had to endure the twenty - eight million gallons of the U.S. military 's toxic herbal cocktails that drenched their skins , soaked their soil and polluted their rivers and groundwater for ten years .
As with children of America 's vets , then - unborn Vietnamese children were affected .
Vietnam has one of the world 's highest levels of birth defects , primarily in its south where the U.S. military deployed most of the chemicals .
Five of one hundred Vietnamese children are born with serious abnormalities , including missing limbs , spina bifida , deformed or missing internal organs and grotesque malformations that makes their survival impossible .
Of course , the U.S. government denies responsibility for the problems faced by the Vietnamese people .
That would prove very costly .
When Saddam Hussein used chemical weapons on Kurdish citizens , the U.S. deceitfully blamed the Iranians because Hussein was an American ally .
In 2001 , when the Bush administration was lying us to war with Iraq and wanted to overthrow Hussein , they condemned Hussein and claimed he had Weapons of Mass Destruction ( WMDs ) because it was politically convenient .
Since 1991 the U.S. has staged four wars using depleted uranium weaponry yet the vast majority of servicemen and women in the U.S. military are unaware of the use and dangers of being exposed to it .
The use of depleted uranium weaponry is illegal under all International treaties , conventions and agreements , as well as U.S. military law .
In 2004 it was reported that the Department of Defense ( DoD ) was cleaning up 29.500 currently or formerly contaminated sites in every state and territory .
California alone had 3,912 contaminated sites on 441 current and former DoD facilities and had already contaminated groundwater sources of drinking water .
In 2008 it was reported that the DoD refused to comply with cleaning up 11 hazardous waste sites , including one in Hawaii , and went so far as to ask the White House and Justice Department to intervene on its behalf .
The U.S. and Great Britain are reportedly two of the world 's largest , cancer - causing dust and rusty depleted uranium projectile polluters .
Hundreds of tons of DU munitions were used in the first Gulf War , the Balkans War , in Afghanistan , and in Iraq .
Despite all that , U.S. and British leaders refuse to acknowledge or talk about it .
Instead , leaders of both countries pressure Iran , Syria , North Korea and Pakistan for developing nuclear weapons .
Tellingly absent from the discussion of nukes is the fact that Israel has an extensive nuclear arsenal .
The Israeli military is no stranger to White Phosphorus -- supplied from the U.S. -- which was heavily used in civilian areas during the Gaza war .
The word " depleted " is actually a misnomer .
DU weapons are made from nuclear fuel cycle waste and the weapons do contain all the lethality of nuclear weapons .
The poison from DU weapons pollutes the environment for an estimated four and a half billion years .
Now that the U.S. has been caught in yet another lie and using chemicals in the same country Hussein did , the attempted cover - up has continued .
Given the fact that more than a million Iraqis have been slaughtered since the U.S. invasion in 2003 , attempted cover-ups by the U.S. government are not surprising .
The U.S. military admits to using chemicals on ' insurgents ' , but not on Iraqi civilians .
Apparently we 're supposed to believe that the U.S. can blast tons of lethal chemicals at people with guns while missing those without guns .
The U.S. government -- as well as the Iraqi government it has installed -- are doing their best to block any investigations that would prove the use of White Phosphorous and DU is harming Iraqi citizens and a growing number of newborns as well as America 's troops that are being repeatedly deployed in Iraq .
Why ?
Because to the U.S. government , truth is the biggest enemy I 've written about the dangers of Depleted Uranium in U.S. munitions and how America 's soldiers have been used as pawns in America 's wars .
The U.S. military has used WMDs that keep on killing for years .
America 's wars are costly enough without throwing in deadly chemicals and radioactive waste that hurt the country 's being occupied by the U.S. as well as the U.S. and foreign troops that are fighting our wars there .
At what point do our troops realize the dangers they face due to America 's aggressions ?
Being poisoned by your own country is no way to be thanked .
It 's time to wake up to the reality of America 's wars and the deceptions used by the U.S. government and its military leaders .
When methane and freezing cold water fuse under tremendous pressure , they create a substance as paradoxical as it coveted : burning ice .
Earlier in the year , a report from the National Research Council identified the combustible water , also known as methane hydrate , as a potential source of natural gas .
Now , according to the Chinese news organization Xinhau , China is joining the US , Japan , and South Korea in the hunt for this weird mineral .
Wooden sculptures are very popular and they include wood carving sculptures like idols , elephants , birds , rural figurines , musicians ...
Statue are not always in a formal way .
they can be strange and unusual , the sculptor 's imagination reflect in statues design .
The following wooden sculptures of russian traffic cops captured by Darkcjc are one of the places of interest of Khabarovsk city .
Tweet
There is a false security in our current economy .
The belief that the current banking industry is now healthy simply because the government supports it is misguided in valuing the real risk inherent in back stopping Wall Street .
Or the idea that deposits are safe up to $ 250,000 in commercial banks because the FDIC seal is on the door .
Keep in mind the FDIC insurance fund is now insolvent .
Or the notion that jobs are no longer needed for a recovery .
This of course is all false .
What has occurred under the veneer of stabilizing the banking sector is that the ultimate risk has now been transferred to the American taxpayer .
It has already been made clear to Americans that no too big to fail bank will fail .
Yet does this somehow fix the trillions in toxic assets that still remain ?
It does n’t but what it does do is shifts the risk to the average American .
The banking industry and Wall Street is corroding the actual engine of our economy .
GDP is growing but when you pull back the data , much of the profit comes from the banking sector and debt payments .
Take for example the recent jobs report .
A revision was made to the January jobs report last week that added over 1,200,000 more Americans who have lost their job in the last year .
And this was somehow good news !
The unemployment rate which comes from a separate survey dropped to 9.7 percent because a large number of people dropped off the employment radar .
This is what goes for good news .
Also , we have the troubling amount of commercial real estate loans with a value of $ 3.5 trillion now defaulting at record levels .
Much of these loans are with too big to fail banks .
To be blunt , it is now our problem .
Let us go through the big risk transfers in this recession starting with jobs .
Risk One – Jobs
The above chart is one of the more important charts in measuring the actual unemployment problem .
Average Americans are struggling to find work and those that do have jobs are finding it harder to maintain their wages .
The unemployment rate is highly inaccurate in the short - term because of how it computes its rate .
Think of last month were the unemployment rate dropped from 10 percent to 9.7 percent yet a revision on another survey showed an additional loss of 1.2 million jobs over the past year .
This is straight out of 1984 economics .
And the problem with this risk transfer is that we ’ve been discounting headline job losses for over a year :
Instead of having one month with 700,000 + job cuts , the new revised data tells us we had 4 months at this rate !
Even with the December data , instead of 85,000 jobs being lost we lost 150,000 jobs .
Take a look at the above chart and you ’ll see how much we were underrating the actual employment situation of Americans .
This went on for over a year and here you have Wall Street betting stocks up on data that was n’t even accurate .
Who needs jobs when you have the taxpayer funding your casino that does n’t even rely on accurate data ?
All you need to do is issue a revision a year later and say , “ sorry , we just happened to find 1.2 million more actual jobs that were lost during this recession . ”
Risk Two – Banking
The banking sector by far has pushed the biggest risk onto the taxpayer .
Wall Street and their new corporatacracy have created a system where gains are privatized and losses are socialized .
It is the worst system possible for the American public .
Have you noticed that since the massive bailouts , almost no kind of bad news phases the market ?
We have headlines that show commercial real estate showing losses of trillions in value and the stock market keeps going up .
Foreclosures are occurring in the millions and people are losing their homes ( foreclosures do cost banks money ) but somehow banks keep turning profits .
From where ?
They certainly are n’t lending the money to consumers :
And banks are certainly not making mortgages with their own money .
So where is the profit coming from ?
Simple .
Any risk or loss has now been pushed to the taxpayer .
Why do you think banks are fine with people not paying their mortgage for months ?
Because they can still claim the asset at a peak value thanks to the suspension of mark to market and then make the bulk of their profits betting on the absurd stock market rally from March of 2009 that has shown no connection to reality based fundamentals .
Here is the breakdown of the bailouts :
You would think that over $ 14 trillion in bailouts would create at least one net job but it has n’t because much of the money has gone to transferring the wealth to Wall Street and the corporatacracy and shifting the risk to average Americans .
Is that the deal we were looking for ?
Risk Three – Housing
Yet at the core of this crisis , is the real estate market .
Banks are now simply lending mortgages backed by the government serving as middlemen in the transaction :
The above chart should tell you everything you need to know about the current housing market .
Banks have no faith in the average American .
They are more than happy to lend out mortgages that are backed by the government ( aka the taxpayers ) and would rather hold onto their precious reserves to deal with the real problems in the market or make additional bets on Wall Street .
That was n’t really the initial deal since they pleaded for funds to keep lending going but have now decided it is more profitable to gamble against the American public with their own money .
Take for example Goldman Sachs that created and bet against the same mortgage backed securities that it was pushing to clients .
When things went kaboom , it simply decided to get the American government to bail it out .
In other words , the market was trying to flush them out of the system because of their horrible structure yet their corporatacracy connections allowed them to survive and now thrive with the taxpayer as their funder .
Take a careful look at the chart above .
Since 1988 we have never seen this much government backed loans in the housing market .
Banks are not lending from their own money because they know what is going on :
Banks have held on tight to their excess ( bailout ) reserves .
Even with a 0.25 interest rate they have more incentive to hold onto this money then lend it out to the public .
The Federal Reserve can easily increase lending from member banks .
All it would need to do is drop the interest rate or even better , charge banks a fee ( heck , banks charge a fee for everything to average Americans ) and banks would start lending some of that money .
Yet referring back to risk # 1 above , Americans are dealing with an economy with very few jobs and low hiring .
So who are they going to lend to ?
It should be abundantly clear that risk has been shifted to the average American with no upside or even change on how we do business .
We are way beyond incremental change at this point .
So what can we do ?
Break up the too big to fail banks .
Enough with the government backing every mortgage being pumped out .
How about we get better measures of employment ?
These would be a few things that would mitigate the risk now placed on the shoulders of an already struggling middle class America .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Photo by Photo by Ludovic Burton
Although this post is focused on helping beginners , a lot of experienced players make these same mistakes .
I ’d love to pretend I ’m not guilty of these offenses , but let ’s just say it does n’t hurt to have a friendly reminder .
Keeping the Head Down
Players who are n’t used to the feeling of a puck on the end of their stick have a tendency to look down to make sure it ’s still there .
While stick - handling is important , it ’s still secondary to being able to move the puck well .
Think about it : the puck will always be the fastest moving and most maneuverable object on the ice .
If a player ’s eyes are constantly checking on the puck he will miss what is happening around him .
On the other hand , a player with his head up can survey the scene ; he can avoid defenders , see open teammates , and take cues from the goalie .
A player who can set up passes will be a much better asset to his team than someone who can skate fast and execute fancy toe drags .
Giving Up After Getting Burned
New players are bound to let an opponent slip by at some point , it happens .
The real problem occurs when the defender does n’t pursue the puck after getting beat .
Teammates tend to be more understanding if a solid effort is made to retrieve the puck after losing it .
It may take time for a player to develop speed and cornering , but he can show hustle from day one .
Many times a player ’s persistence pays off , and he is able to regain possession of the puck .
In addition , a sense of personal pride is felt when a player is able to redeem himself .
Holding the Stick Too High From the Ground
One of the most basic fundamentals of hockey is keeping the stick down on the ice .
When it ’s there passes are easier to receive , quick shots are easier to execute , and those playing defense are more likely to intercept the puck .
Hockey is a fast paced sport where every second counts .
Sometimes the time it takes to bring the stick from the knees to the ice is enough to miss an opportunity .
A blade on the ice also helps hockey players stay low and maintain proper posture .
Getting Caught Out of Position
Each player on a team has a responsibly and teammates need to be able to count on one another .
Part of being dependable means being at the right place at the right time .
When defending , sometimes just putting a body on an opponent or hitting his stick up is enough to stop him .
Even those who are n’t strong shooters find goal scoring opportunities when camping out in front of the goal ; some of the best assists are provided courtesy the goalie ’s pads .
One of the best ways a player can help his teammates is by always providing a passing option .
Watching Passes to Make Sure They Connect
It is not necessary to wait around to admire a perfect pass or watch nervously to see if a shaky pass connects .
Most beginners can skate a lot faster when they do n’t have the puck , so cutting to an open area is often a good option immediately after dishing the puck .
Remember , when passing to a player who is moving , make sure to lead them .
Pass to where he will be , not to where is at present .
Turning Away From the Offense
In most circumstance it is not natural to face an object flying right at you , but this is hockey .
Shinguards and a cup are worn to protect the front of the body .
When players turn their back to a shot , it leaves their calves and thighs vulnerable to abuse .
Most importantly though , their eyes are taken off the play .
The best bet is to face the shooter and take a puck to the shins or block it with the stick .
A puck bouncing of these surfaces will be the most predictable , and often result in an easy turn over .
Carrying the Puck Too Far From the Body
Players who are still developing their stick handling skills can prevent the puck from being stolen .
Keeping the body between the puck and the defender is a great way to maintain possession .
By using the body as a shield a defender will be boxed out to the point he is unable to make a steal ..
Too many rookies hang the puck a few feet out from their body , making it easy for a defender to slap it away .
The only thing a defender should be able to see is the name on the back of the jersey .
And remember , body contact is OK !
Clearing the Puck In Front of the Home Goal
A player should never dump the puck in front of his own goal .
It is the tendency of some beginners to get nervous and dump the puck without even looking to see who they are passing it to .
They may think this is better than the alternative , but often a member of the opposing team is center ice in front of the goal , ready to receive the puck .
An assist to the other team is much worse than a turn over .
No Related Posts .
In January 's darkest days , after Democrats had lost their filibuster - proof Senate majority , President Obama publicly hinted that he might vastly scale back his ambitions on health care , and top House Democrats all but declared the project dead .
But House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said no .
" We will go through the gate , " she said .
" If the gate is closed , we will go over the fence .
If the fence is too high , we will pole - vault in .
If that does n't work , we will parachute in .
But we are going to get health care reform passed for the American people . "
Today , thanks largely to a San Francisco Democrat driven by a profound faith in Catholicism and in the ideals of the Democratic Party , Democrats stand on the brink of enacting a $ 940 billion health care overhaul that they have dreamed of but failed to achieve for more than half a century .
Pelosi is gambling everything on what is expected to be a razor - thin vote : her speakership , Obama 's presidency and the political careers of Democrats in swing districts .
Polls show the public deeply divided and tilting against the legislation .
Elections loom
After more than a year of rancorous debate , fierce , unified GOP opposition and messy legislative maneuvering that has sapped Obama 's political capital , Democrats hope to shift the national discussion to extending health care coverage to 32 million uninsured Americans .
The debate will continue to rage until November when Democrats expect losses in the midterm elections .
Even blue - state incumbents such as California Democratic Sen. Barbara
Boxer are in jeopardy .
Callers jammed the phones Saturday of California Democratic Reps. Dennis Cardoza of Atwater ( Merced County ) and Jim Costa of Hanford ( Kings County ) .
Rep. Jerry McNerney , D - Pleasanton , moved to the yes side .
House Republican leader John Boehner of Ohio threatened grave repercussions in November .
Yet Republicans now find themselves fighting all but a fait accompli , and advocating repeal of benefits that will begin rolling out in six months , such as allowing children to remain on their parents ' policies up to age 26 .
" This health care bill will ruin our country , " Boehner told supporters Saturday , calling today 's vote " Armageddon . "
On Friday he warned , " If anyone thinks the American people are going to forget this vote , just watch . "
Meanwhile , Pelosi hailed the feast of St. Joseph , a Catholic saint known as " the worker " and dear to Italian Americans , which was Friday .
" It is a day that we remember and pray to St. Joseph to benefit the workers of America , " she said .
" And that is exactly what our health care bill will do . "
Trust in speaker
Obama rallied Democrats one more time on Capitol Hill , but some said it was Pelosi who won them over .
" He 's active , " said Rep. Alan Grayson , D - Fla. , " but I think what really matters is that people trust the speaker and they listen to what she has to say . "
Pelosi has bluntly warned members that no excuses - on abortion , immigration or anything else - will be tolerated , and that a no vote is a no on the Democratic Party 's premier issue on a par with the enactment of Medicare in 1965 and Social Security in 1935 .
Democratic leaders huddled with anti-abortion waverers who wanted Obama to issue an executive order affirming no taxpayer funding of abortion , but House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D - Md. , said he has the votes .
Passage would cement Pelosi 's place as one of the most effective House speakers in history for moving the biggest , most controversial and most complex pieces of policy in modern times .
Speaker Tom Foley failed in 1994 when former President Bill Clinton 's effort crashed amid Democratic disarray .
Success eluded Sen. Edward Kennedy , the late Democratic icon whose last public letter called on Democrats to fulfill his lifelong quest of health care reform .
Impassioned , relentless and patient , Pelosi has prowled the wonkiest legislative weeds and rallied her disheartened troops to a larger vision .
She oversaw endless hours of bickering at meetings and demonstrated a mastery of both policy details and parochial political needs .
" I 've seen four presidents and I do n't know how many speakers and leaders of the House here and in California , and governors - she 's one of the very best leaders I 've ever seen , " said Rep. John Garamendi , D - Walnut Grove ( Sacramento County ) .
" I 've watched her when the caucus is about to explode .
She 'll stand up and she 'll pull us all back together and explain once again why we 're doing all these things .
She raises the issue to that point of purpose and in the next breath will be down to the details , here 's how that purpose is accomplished .
I 've never seen another leader do it as well . "
Inside : Protesters hurl racial epithets at black lawmakers .
A13
Posted by John , March 17th , 2010 - under LGBTI , Same - sex marriage , Sherry Wolf , United States .
Tags : Equal love , Gay , Gay liberation , Gay marriage , Human rights
Sherry Wolf , author of Sexuality and Socialism , is a leading figure in the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transexual and Intersex movement in the United States .
A campaigner for civil rights who has spoken across America , she has also written for publications including MRZine and New Politics .
Socialist Alternative ’s Louise O’Shea spoke to her about the fight for LGBTI rights in the US .
It was inspiring for us here in Australia to see the march of 250,000 on Washington last October for equal marriage rights .
But that ’s just the tip of the iceberg – there ’s been lots more organising going on around the country .
What have been the strengths of this campaign ?
Firstly , the movement that exploded onto the streets and even small towns around the United States as a result of the reversal of marriage equality in California has since morphed a bit as a result of the mass march on Washington .
It has raised the bar and now calls for full federal equality .
In other words , we want all of our civil rights .
That ’s the basis on which 250,000 people showed up in Washington DC .
When you say full civil rights , you mean with regard to the military , employment rights …
Exactly .
In most states in this country it ’s still legal to be fired for being lesbian , gay , bisexual as well as transgendered .
Reversal of this is of course an enormous civil rights gain we need to fight for .
So what we did with the march was say that we are not going to pick one of our civil rights – we want them all .
This is the 21st century and this is unendurable that we continue to live as second - class citizens .
This has been a debate though has n’t it ?
Some have argued that we should n’t be fighting for inclusion in institutions such as the military or marriage as they are conservative or objectionable .
Why do you support these demands ?
I think people have to grasp the fact that all struggles for reforms involve trying to change bourgeois institutions in some way , whether it ’s in a workplace or stopping a war .
Ending a war would not end imperialism ; it would end the combat or the occupation of a country by a more powerful country .
So radicals are constantly fighting battles to reform bourgeois institutions .
That ’s what every battle in every workplace in every country on the globe is about .
That is the battle for full civil equality in marriage and the biggest workplace in the country , the US military .
So we have to be clear about that .
Secondly , we need to understand that it ’s a caricature that certain radicals have created that the way a new left will be born will be when one side stands up and says : “ we are for revolution ” and the other side gets up and says : “ we are for reaction ” and the two sides go at each other .
The way a new left is born is often through the fight for more mild transformation .
Whether it ’s through the fight for a bathroom break at work or slightly higher wages , such struggles can spill over and raise the consciousness of those involved about the way the system operates and the need to tear it down .
In that sense , the fight for equal marriage rights is very much in keeping with fights throughout history for all sorts of civil equality .
What Marxists do is make a distinction not about what we fight for , but the way we fight – the manner in which we fight and with what sort of politics .
Luxemburg argues against reformism , not against reforms .
We stand in solidarity with people demanding equal rights , but we disagree with the corporate or Democratic Party - beholden forces that would like to achieve this through pleading with politicians or giving money to certain corporate entities in order to shift their policies .
We believe in the need for mass protest , for civil disobedience , for mass education , for propaganda expounding our views in order to win these kinds of demands .
The military is a big employer in the US .
Demands relating to the military must then tie in with economic issues for workers , such as death benefits going to same - sex partners .
Marriage too in the US , much more than in Australia , brings with it entitlements denied to unmarried couples .
Is the fact that equal rights intersect with the bread and butter economics of people ’s lives a big factor in the campaign ?
It ’s a very big factor .
The reality is that in the US where we do not have a health care system where the state pays for people ’s health care regardless of their relationship status – and I believe that all socialists should fight for health care access and relationship status to be separated and that health care should be accessible regardless of relationship status – it is nevertheless one of the main ways people get health care in the US , that is , through the workplace of a partner .
As long as that is the case , we need to fight for equity for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered ( LGBT ) people gaining that right .
That is not a small reason why people get married or stay married in the US .
And the emotional desire people have to get married should not be spat on by the left either .
Whatever one may think about marriage as an institution – and I do n’t personally advocate it – but I do defend the rights of people who want to have that kind of relationship in their lives .
There are reasons why it plays the particular role in US society that it does , but it ’s not necessarily reactionary for people to want to get married in order to have their relationship given the same respect as a straight couple’s .
There have been a few set backs in the campaign , such as marriage rights being overturned in California and Maine .
How has the campaign responded to this ?
Despair or has it been fuel to keep fighting ?
This new movement is known colloquially in the US as “ Stonewall 2.0 ” .
Each of these setbacks has acted as propellers forward .
Even after the Maine decision , which came after the big protest on Washington , there were large demonstrations across the country in response to the decision in what is a small and mostly rural state in the far north - east .
In some ways , Maine propelled forward the arguments for full federal equality and not relying on politicians to do it for us .
Because unlike the Proposition 8 struggle in California , much of the strategy of the Maine referendum was much more explicit and unapologetic .
So it was not necessarily the case they did it wrong , as they did in California where there was an extremely backward and conservative strategy which used euphemisms and did n’t mention the word “ gay ” .
What it did was expose the bankruptcy of these referendums especially in states with large rural populations where it ’s virtually impossible to talk to people and to get an in because we ’ll never have the money that the right wing has to project its noxious ideas .
So this has been a curious , seeming contradiction of this movement – that every setback has become in some ways a catapult forward for progressives and has provided wind in the sails for movement activists instead of making people feel defeated .
There ’s a parallel here with the civil rights movement : a national strategy was important in changing attitudes towards demands like interracial marriage , which was not widely supported at first .
An active minority targeting their efforts towards the federal government can begin to turn around attitudes rather than waiting for the mass of people to be on your side before you can really demand any change – do people make that parallel , and has the civil rights movement been relevant to the campaign ?
Very much so .
The Black civil rights struggle in the US is obviously strategically posed as a model of sorts because it did win many enormous successes around employment and of course in relation to the military , as well as in terms of relationships between blacks and whites , which is at a much higher level today than it ever has been in the history of the US – they are openly accepted everywhere except the far reaches of reaction and bible - belt conservatism .
So definitely that ’s true .
I also think we have to understand that the new generation which has been raised with gay , lesbian and transgendered television characters and movie themes lives in a different world from previous generations .
It would have been unthinkable even 10 or 15 years ago to see the kind of solidarity that the LGBT movement has among large swathes of the heterosexual population of the US .
It is overwhelmingly popular to support civil rights for LGBT people .
Even amongst many Republicans it seems ridiculous to deny basic civil rights , especially on the job , if not in marriage .
So the government ’s laws are well behind consciousness in the US .
Obviously a lot of people in America were inspired by Obama ’s election and there were high hopes for change .
Obama even said he would get rid of the Defence of Marriage Act , which prevents same - sex marriages in states where it is legal being recognised in other states .
Has his lack of action created a rift within the movement between people have more hope in Obama and those who are a bit more realistic about what he actually stands for ?
Well it ’s a strange thing , because while Obama remains personally popular amongst most progressives his policies are widely hated .
He has said repeatedly that he personally opposes gay marriage even though the political platform of his party , the Democrats , is to repeal the very legislation that the Democrats put into play .
The Defence of Marriage Act was signed by the Democrat Bill Clinton , as for that matter was the military exclusion – the “ do n’t ask do n’t tell ” legislation .
So there is as usual in the United States a very funky contradiction between the base of the Democratic Party opposing most of what the party has actually done historically regarding LGBT people .
And there is also this contradiction between what Obama has come out and formally said in a couple of speeches over the last few months , in which he is now talking about reversing these policies – but he does so very slowly with a great deal of caution always looking over his shoulder to get approval from the most right - wing corner .
This is really infuriating and frustrating and often confusing to a lot of LGBT activists , who do not understand why Obama is waiting for bigots to agree before granting LGBT people their rights .
This is simply unacceptable but it does n’t necessarily lead people to going after him , although people are definitely disgruntled with his policies .
And of course keep in mind this is happening amidst the most extraordinary economic collapse of my life time and of the life time of generations of people in this country – you would have to be in your 80s to experience anything like the degree of joblessness and hopelessness about the economy that we are currently experiencing .
So this is part of a much bigger consciousness that is developing right now in the United States .
There have been people who argue against demonstrations and the sort of militancy you spoke about earlier – such as the Human Rights Campaign who prefer polite negotiation .
Obama ’s slowness to act must highlight the need to keep getting out on the streets and making LGBT rights an issue .
Has that been much of debate or has the success of the demonstrations made that point to larger numbers of people ?
The overwhelming majority of LGBT activists are won to the notion that protest is necessary .
What kinds of protests , whether or not people want to do civil disobedience and get arrested , or whether people want to include electoral approaches like lobbying or supporting candidates , are really where debates often lie .
Those not convinced of the need for protest are those at the very , very top of the sort of HRC kind of structure , what I often refer to as Gay Inc .
These are people who make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year ; they are wealthy , mostly white gay men who are interested in their own job security before anything else .
If we win full federal equality their multi-billion dollar institutions will cease to have the same kind of charter that they currently have , and probably a lot of their funding will dry up .
So there is a bit of self - interest here on the part of handfuls of extremely wealthy gay people who have been running what has been effectively a non-movement for the last couple of decades .
They feel threatened by the activists .
But the overwhelming majority of activists on the ground are for protest .
The questions have become : how much , what kind , how big , whether or not to combine electoralism , should it remain independent of the Democrats and now whether or not to cohere as a national grassroots network .
This is an argument that I am advocating around the country – extending Equality Across America which is a sort of grassroots activist network forming out of this movement .
And that ’s important because the movement seems to have sprung up in all kinds of far flung places , both in the US and here in Australia .
Little country towns which have not had a demonstration in living memory suddenly have a whole lot of high school students out on the streets demanding same - sex marriage .
This is probably a reflection of the fact it is more difficult to be LGBTI in these places and people are therefore more likely to want to get out and take a stand when the opportunity arises .
A co-ordinated network would therefore be a real step forward for the campaign .
Has this been the case in the US – demos springing up everywhere ?
Yes .
It ’s pretty extraordinary – small towns in Texas as well as rural towns in upstate New York have LGBT groups today , which would have been unheard of just a few years ago .
Of course there are also thousands of gay - straight alliances on campuses – there ’s a group that began in 1989 .
It was unknown when I was in high school in the early 80s , it would have been unthinkable to be out in high school , and I grew up in New York – hardly a small town .
That did n’t happen until the late 1980s .
So all this is still a fairly new development , and the argument to begin to operate as a national grassroots network with common strategies and demands for equality is a very new idea .
The speed at which the campaign has taken off clearly refutes the idea that nothing will ever change or that people are apathetic , which is an argument you hear a lot today because we ’re not used to seeing hundreds of thousands of people out on the streets .
This campaign shows that people can be drawn into political activity rapidly , and provides a good example of how , even on a small scale , there ’s hope the society can be changed .
Sure , and now you have the beginnings of a budget cuts movement developing as well .
Once again in California , the state that keeps on giving – just last week there were tens of thousands of college and high school students as well as faculty and staff who walked out in a day of strike action against budget cuts and tuition hikes .
It ’s certainly clear that the interaction and integration of LGBT activism and budget cuts activism is there – some of the same people that participated in one movement are now participating in the other .
They feed off and influence each other .
But it ’s still very new .
With the economic crisis in the US , and all the indicators suggesting it will get worse , there are likely to be more questions people will mobilise around and want answers to .
This ties into my next question – you ’re not just a LGBT activist but also a revolutionary socialist .
What value is a revolutionary Marxist perspective to the campaign ?
Unlike any previous period in my adult life – I ’m 44 – there has never been this many people or this larger audience for radical ideas amongst LGBT people , or frankly anywhere else .
So this is a very new development in American politics .
In part it is a result of the right wing attacking Obama as a socialist , which naturally comrade Obama is certainly not , but at the same time , the fact that socialists like myself and the International Socialist Organisation have thrown ourselves into this movement has created an opportunity for revolutionary ideas to be heard among people who are entering activism for the first time .
We ’re each meeting each other in these meeting rooms and in these protests .
People who get involved in a struggle over what appears to be a very tepid demand , come away , or some do , with a much broader understanding of the way the system works and have a larger critique and see the need to solidarise with workers ’ , immigrants ’ and Black struggles .
My book , Sexuality and Socialism , came out totally by accident – I ’m an accidental success here – it came out in the midst of all of this brewing , and is now in its second printing only months later because thousands of people see in this book not only a needed and accessible history of our movement , but also a political perspective that they feel they can’t find anywhere else .
A Marxist perspective about how to take reform struggles forward and open up a larger question about the way our society works and why we need to weave in larger economic and social demands within our fight for sexual freedom .
That ’s fantastic , especially since you often hear people say that radical politics alienate people , that we should just stick to the one issue etc .
But the success of your book , and the desire you describe of people to grapple with a broader understanding of society , is an example of why radical politics are relevant and do n’t alienate people .
Have you come up against that argument ?
That argument is just demonstrably false .
I ’ll give you an example : Dan Choi is the most prominent gay soldier in the US .
He came out on a popular news show and was immediately targeted for dismissal under “ do n’t ask do n’t tell ” .
This is a guy who is pro-military , arguably pro-war .
He comes in contact with my book and with me as a result of organising for the march , and finds himself surrounded by radicals and people to his left .
Now he is grappling with much larger ideas about what is US imperialism , what is the purpose of the US military , why he was sent to fight and more .
I wo n’t pretend that Dan is won over to being the new Smedley Butler – i.e. the radical militant anti-imperialist soldier of his day – but he is grappling and debating within himself and with others about such ideas and frankly , he is not alone .
This is happening among a large swathe of people who never conceived of themselves as being radicals or even activists but have been forced to think about the way our society runs as a result of fighting against “ do n’t ask do n’t tell ” , for equal marriage rights or whatever it is .
And I imagine other organisations can’t provide those answers .
Lastly , I wanted to ask about the issue of transgender rights .
In the long - running battle to pass the laws to end employment discrimination on the basis of sexuality , the Democrats have put pressure on the campaign to drop any reference to the rights of trangendered people on the basis that the issue of transgender rights goes too far and alienates people .
Why is it important to take a stand against this ?
It would be outrageous for the LGBT movement not to embrace our trans brothers and sisters as full , important and key members of our struggle .
The issue of gender identity is inseparable from the question of sexual oppression .
Part of the way that the oppression of lesbian gay and bisexual people plays out in all societies has to do with the way they present themselves , their gender identity – whether it ’s men that are considered to be not masculine enough , whatever that means , or women who are not feminie enough – whatever that ’s supposed to mean .
So really the notion that people can strip these issues apart is just false .
There ’s also the fact that transgendered people have been at the heart of this movement from the very beginning .
They were at the Stonewall rebellion , and were fighting years before that in San Francisco ’s Tenderloin district in riots known as the Compton Cafeteria riots in 1966 .
Finally I would say that trans people are among the most oppressed .
Because of the prejudices of gender identity and bourgeois notions that deny the fluidity of gender and sex , it has meant that discrimination on the job , in housing , in education and in every aspect of life is extraordinary when it comes to trans people .
One of the things I will be writing about soon is a soon to be released study – the first one ever in the US – of thousands of transgendered people who discuss their oppression in American society .
It makes it very difficult to fight and agitate when you do n’t actually know what the status of a group of people is .
For the first time we have numbers – 97 per cent of trans people have been discriminated against on the job , 42 per cent have attempted to kill themselves .
The numbers are through the roof in terms of every level of oppression .
It is absolutely inconceivable to allow liberals or other forces to throw our trans brothers and sisters under a bus .
We must stand full square for their advancement along with all the rest of us .
Louise ’s interview with Sherry first appeared in Socialist Alternative online on 12 March .
I crafted this image to illustrate the ‘ amusement ’
I get out of hearing Christians chastising other Christians for sliding into heresy .
These Christians watchdogs must envision their sliding colleagues as leaving behind angelic clouds and descending self - deceptively and happily into hell .
But where do the guardians of orthodoxy put the blue - dotted line of damnation ?
( see the line on the sliding board )
Where on that sliding board do they see their colleague as no longer being a Christian ?
The orthodoxy watchdogs have no trouble knowing people like me are apostates , because we tell them we are .
We tell them we are n’t Christian .
But what about the many Christians sliding down the board while all along joyfully still considering themselves to be Christians .
“ A relationship with Jesus ” is a test by some Christians of someone being a “ true ” Christian .
This test is common , for instance , among Evangelical Christians .
But do Christians really have a relationship with Jesus ?
When I talk at any length with most of my reasonable Evangelical ( or other ) Christian acquaintances , they admit that they do n’t hear Jesus , touch Jesus , see Jesus , bowl with Jesus or watch TV with him .
It does n’t take long to agree that they do n’t have a “ personal relationship ” with Jesus in any normal sense of the phrase “ personal relationship ” .
But I understand how these Christians have an awe and reverence for God and how they see Jesus as God incarnate and how such imagery helps them to personalize God in their life .
I get that .
But that is a Jesus made of select gospel stories , Christmas holidays , church dinners and warm fuzzy feelings .
So when I point out that they do n’t have a “ personal relationship ” with Jesus they are uncomfortable admitting their defect in the touchstone doctrine in their version of Christianity .
They are not comfortable with the explanation I gave — that is not enough for them , though it may be for some progressive Christians , who they consider sliding into heresy .
Relatively few Christians really understand their sacred texts – Evangelical or progressives .
Most Christians could easily be exposed for holding some heretical views even when judged only by the doctrine of their own sect .
But they rightfully do n’t care , for most Christian do not hold together the Jesus - in - their - head with theological propositions .
So those orthodoxy Christians , the doctrine watchdogs who worry about heresy , are sort of unique .
These heresy watchdogs know that their Christian sect is a believist sect — a sect which maintains that correct belief is what wins a person a ticket to heaven .
But when accused of being a “ believist ” , they will try to deny it .
Nonetheless , their believist mentality is blatantly obvious when they are patrolling for heretics .
The contradictions to me are humorous , if not sad .
— — —-
Related Posts :
Sydney is on target to break its record for the longest run of warm nights , not good news for those who have difficulty sleeping in the humidity .
It has been two weeks since the temperature has dropped below 20 degrees in the city , the longest stint in 27 years , leading to an increasingly cranky Sydney population , says Brett Dutschke , meteorologist with The Weather Company .
.
The record of 16 days , set in 1973 , is almost certain to be broken as high humidity aids in keeping the temperature up .
The next few nights will fail to cool below about 23 degrees .
Image : YLE
ET , the Defence Forces and the government have been arguing over the issue most of the autumn .
Research done in western Europe and the United States points to windmills interfering with the reliability of radar , a view echoed by the Technical Research Centre of Finland .
In recent years windmills have grown taller and the size of wind power parks has increased .
" We want reliable and sensible research done across Finland on the effects of radar and wind power parks for training and schooling purposes , " says Lieutenant - Colonel Arto Ikonen from the General Staff of the Defence Forces .
" By no means are we opposed to wind power , but the effects have to be studied quickly . "
Government wo n't pay for study
Finland 's Energy Industries ET and power companies have agreed to pay for half of the hundreds of thousands of euros needed for the study , but says neither the military nor the government is willing to co-operate .
" We 've asked the Defence Forces , and they wo n't help pay for it , " says ET 's Director of Power Generation , Jukka Leskelä .
" Neither will the Defence Ministry , nor the Ministry of Employment and the Economy . "
ET feels that the Defence Forces ' views have essentially stagnated windmill construction in Finland .
In Kotka , for example , local power company Kotkan Voima has suspended plans to build a wind power park because of military objections .
" On the one hand , the government supports building wind power , but then a government agency , the Defence Forces , blocks their construction , and the government has no money to study the issue , " fumes Leskelä .
View Transcript
Transcript
CULTURAL SENSITIVITY TRAINING
Man says , ?
Elbonians believe that if you yawn in their direction , you steal their soul .?
Alice says , ?
In other words , we can use it as a negotiating tool .?
Man says , ?
No , that 's not ...?
LATER
Alice says , ?
Okay , my intern has your soul .
Give us a 20 % discount or he swallows .?
深圳市九游会官网科技有限公司位于科技之城深圳市宝安区松岗镇，是从事螺杆空压机配件研发、制作和销售的专业化生产企业。产品涵盖空压机所需要的各种零配件替代品，覆盖品牌包括阿特拉斯、寿力、英格索兰等知名国际品牌。
深圳九游会官网自上世纪90年代成立以来，从一个专业维修维护空压机的企业，发展到如今能够研发具有自主知识产权的空压机配件产品的综合性企业。包括螺杆空压机进气阀、最小压力阀、电磁阀、温控阀、传感器、自动排水器等系列产品。
深圳九游会官网一直致力于推广高性能，低价位，人性化的空压机配件及净化系统。凭着着广泛的种类覆盖，充足的配件库存，尽企业所能为空压机行业打造一个一站式采购的平台，解决客户的后顾之忧。
深圳九游会官网秉持 “ 抢占市场先机，薄利多销，让客户满意，追求企业合理利润，全面维护全国空压机业界利益”的经营理念，以优质的产品、优良的服务、积极进取的精神去追求客户满意度和合理的企业经济效益。打破国外品牌在中国的高价垄断，为国内空压机业界提供创造更好质量更高利润的配件以及快捷供货条件。
In a much - discussed essay in Prospect magazine in February 2009 , Blond wrote , “ Look at the society we have become :
We are a bi-polar nation , a bureaucratic , centralised state that presides dysfunctionally over an increasingly fragmented , disempowered and isolated citizenry . ”
In a separate essay , he added , “ The welfare state and the market state are now two defunct and mutually supporting failures . ”
The task today , he argued in a recent speech , is to revive the sector that the two revolutions have mutually decimated : “ The project of radical transformative conservatism is nothing less than the restoration and creation of human association , and the elevation of society and the people who form it to their proper central and sovereign station . ”
Economically , Blond lays out three big areas of reform : remoralize the market , relocalize the economy and recapitalize the poor .
This would mean passing zoning legislation to give small shopkeepers a shot against the retail giants , reducing barriers to entry for new businesses , revitalizing local banks , encouraging employee share ownership , setting up local capital funds so community associations could invest in local enterprises , rewarding savings , cutting regulations that socialize risk and privatize profit , and reducing the subsidies that flow from big government and big business .
To create a civil state , Blond would reduce the power of senior government officials and widen the discretion of front - line civil servants , the people actually working in neighborhoods .
He would decentralize power , giving more budget authority to the smallest units of government .
He would funnel more services through charities .
He would increase investments in infrastructure , so that more places could be vibrant economic hubs .
He would rebuild the “ village college ” so that universities would be more intertwined with the towns around them .
Essentially , Blond would take a political culture that has been oriented around individual choice and replace it with one oriented around relationships and associations .
His ideas have made a big splash in Britain over the past year .
His think tank , ResPublica , is influential with the Conservative Party .
His book , “ Red Tory , ” is coming out soon .
He ’s on a small U.S. speaking tour , appearing at Georgetown ’s Tocqueville Forum Friday and at Villanova on Monday .
Britain is always going to be more hospitable to communitarian politics than the more libertarian U.S.
But people are social creatures here , too .
American society has been atomized by the twin revolutions here , too .
This country , too , needs a fresh political wind .
America , too , is suffering a devastating crisis of authority .
The only way to restore trust is from the local community on up .
Once again , reality beats fiction :
If your name is Jerry Jalava , the USB finger is more than just a concept .
It 's the real thing embedded in your own hand , carrying a Billix Linux distribution .
Advertisement
Jerry had an accident while biking , losing his finger .
He got an artificial finger made of silicon , and instead of just giving it logical sexual uses , he decided to make it even more useful and embed a 2GB USB drive inside .
The result is equally as gross as is fascinating .
[ Flickr via Bergie ]
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Two monuments in Paris are so prominent that they 're hard to miss .
One is the Eiffel Tower , of course , the all - iron tour de force of engineering , standing by the Seine amid the city 's spacious and supremely elegant West End .
Then to the north , atop Montmartre , there is the Sacré - Cœur : a tall , immaculately white Catholic basilica that looks like a digitized pre-Raphaelite set from " Lord of the Rings . "
What most visitors — and in fact most Parisians — do n't realize is that both monuments were designed and their construction begun at about the same time , in the 1870s and 1880s .
Even more surprising :
The tower and the church ...
Sir Nicholas said there had been a " grotesque injustice " Sir Nicholas Winterton has angrily denounced plans to reduce first - class travel by MPs - telling the BBC he needs " quiet " and privacy to work .
The veteran Tory MP said there was a " totally different type of people " in standard - class train carriages .
He also said it was a " grotesque injustice " that the expenses system had been " misrepresented " by the media .
A Tory spokesman said Sir Nicholas 's remarks were " the out - of - touch views of a soon - to - retire backbench MP " .
" They do not in any way represent the views of David Cameron or that of the Conservative Party and should be treated as such , " the spokesman added .
Macclesfield MP
Sir Nicholas , who is standing down at the general election , spoke to the BBC following an interview with Total Politics magazine , in which he said restricting first - class travel left MPs " below local councillors " .
' Need a seat ' Sir Nicholas , an MP since 1971 , told BBC Radio 5 live that MPs worked " extremely hard " and used the time travelling between London and their constituencies to work .
But he said to do that they had to have a seat - something you could not always get in standard class .
FROM BBC RADIO 5 LIVE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC Radio 5 live Read your comments
And he said : " If I was in standard class I would not do work because people would be looking over your shoulder the entire time , there would be noise , there would be distraction . "
He added : " They are a totally different type of people .
" There 's lots of children , there 's noise , there 's activity .
I like to have peace and quiet when I 'm travelling . "
Sir Nicholas said he was not saying people who used standard class were inferior but that , in general , they were not working while travelling .
' Grotesque injustice '
He said he was angry because allowances had been " misrepresented " as expenses , something that was a " grotesque injustice " .
Sir Nicholas and MP wife Ann Winterton , who is also standing down , faced criticism for claiming rent of £ 20,000 a year on a flat they transferred to a family trust after paying off the mortgage .
Sir Christopher Kelly said MPs should ensure value for money A seven - month inquiry into MPs ' expenses last year recommended a series of changes to overhaul the system .
Among the proposals , currently under consideration , is one saying MPs should " be permitted to claim for first - class train travel for longer journeys where issues of space or privacy in which to work make this appropriate " .
But it says MPs " should always ensure that value for money for the taxpayer is provided when making travel arrangements " .
' Sitting in judgement '
It also recommends that they should only claim for economy class flights within the UK or Europe and stop claiming for first class travel for their families .
Sir Nicholas also singled out Sir Christopher Kelly , chairman of the committee on standards in public life , and Sir Ian Kennedy , head of the new Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority , for criticism .
MPs need to get out of this mindset that , somehow , we are above the general public , that we are special
John Mann
Labour MP
" The people who are sitting in judgement of us not only travel first class themselves , but in the main are on at least twice the salary of members of Parliament . "
But his remarks were criticised by other MPs .
Labour 's John Mann told the BBC : " It is total nonsense that MPs , particularly in a recession , should regard themselves as a different kind of species .
" MPs need to get out of this mindset that , somehow , we are above the general public , that we are special .
Travelling second class keeps you in touch with the general public . "
' Hit the buffers ' Liberal Democrat MP Norman Baker told the BBC it showed the Conservative Party had not changed : " They still think they are a class apart , they still think they are privileged , they resent the idea that they should be subject to the same controls as everybody else . "
But Tory Party chairman Eric Pickles wrote on the Twitter micro-blogging website : " Sir Nick has hit the buffers on his rail demand - a protracted period in the Standard Class quiet carriage would be welcomed by everyone . "
Sir Nicholas received some support locally - Mark Asquith , a Conservative councillor in his constituency , told the BBC : " He 's absolutely right , first class is quiet .
It 's a good place to work and that 's what he 's doing .
We pay him an awful lot of money .
I do n't want him wasting his time on the train . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Thank you for downloading
Wait for the download to finish *
Run utweb_installer.exe uTorrentWeb.dmg to install µ Torrent Web will run once installed
* If your download does not start automatically , please try again .
try again .
* Having trouble installing on Mac ?
Find the solution here
