ABC RUNS SOLID FACT -CHECKING SEGMENT ….
For all the complaining I do about news outlets struggling to sort out fact from fiction , it ’s only fair to point to a good example of the media actually informing the public about a controversy in a fair and accurate way .
Last night , ABC News ’ Kate
Snow tackled the vile right - wing demagoguery on end - of - life care , and while she refrained from calling Palin and her ilk “ liars , ” she made it very clear that the accusations about euthanasia are completely wrong .
It was n’t a he - said / she - said report ; it was just reality .
Better yet , the ABC report noted that former New York Lt. Gov. Betsy McCaughey ( R ) , whose propensity for misinformation is practically limitless , was responsible for starting this insane attack in the first place .
The more major news outlets run pieces like these , the better off the public will be .
Yes , the company has named a new chief executive , who comes from a solid background at MetLife , and yes , he has said that A.I.G. will pay back the government for its bailout sooner rather than later .
The giant insurer has been moving to change the names of key business units and working to disentangle its bewildering structure .
It even reported a profit in its latest quarter .
Image
The recently selected chief of A.I.G. , Robert Benmosche , said he would rely on the ousted chief , Maurice R. Greenberg , for advice .
Credit ... Nikola Solic / Reuters
But none of that really explains the recent gains .
Speculation swirls daily that some deal may be in the works , that short sellers are being squeezed out of their positions , or that the company ’s former chief executive , Maurice R. Greenberg , may be poised to make a comeback in the role of consultant .
The new chief executive , Robert Benmosche , has been fueling some of the interest , as he talks about seeking advice from Mr. Greenberg and slowing the breakup of A.I.G. so it is not a fire sale .
Mr. Fitzpatrick said he thought the likelier explanation for the increased share price was that speculators looking to profit from a distressed stock had pounced on A.I.G .
“ The risk appetite has returned to the marketplace , ” he said .
“ People do n’t want to get 5 percent back .
They want to get the money back that they lost over the last year . ”
They look at a cratered stock like A.I.G. and think , “ This is the place to do it , ” he said .
Taxpayers may take some comfort from the rise in A.I.G. ’s stock , which means better returns on their involuntary investment .
Even though the government owns most of A.I.G. , however , the soaring value of its shares does not come close to matching the vast amount of credit it extended through the Federal Reserve and the Treasury .
Roughly $ 180 billion was marshaled to keep A.I.G. afloat last fall and winter .
The entire market value of A.I.G. ’s stock is just $ 6.4 billion , even at the current price .
Third - person Jedi action of Star Wars The Force Unleashed : Ultimate Sith Edition will be turning up on the PC in the Autumn , according to Lucasarts .
The PC game is an expanded version of the original Force Unleashed game , with three extra single - player missions .
Bizarrely , the new missions set up a parallel timeline within the Star Wars universe , in which the events of the original films play out differently , according the events of the game .
The second new mission in this rebooted version of the game “ re-imagines the Star Wars Saga as if the Secret Apprentice had taken Darth Vader ’s place at the Emperor ’s side , becoming the most powerful Sith Lord in the universe .
The story picks up as the Emperor sends his new apprentice to Tatooine to dispatch Obi-Wan Kenobi – who has been hiding on the planet ever since the events of Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Sith . ”
The final new mission apparently sees you facing Luke Skywalker in the assault on Hoth , via a quick visit to Tatoonie , natch .
Changemakers everywhere , take note .
The first rule of thumb if you want your cause du jour to make waves ?
Assume the position of any self respecting marketer and come up with a memorable , recognizable brand .
Sure , adopting a capitalist approach to social awareness campaigns feels scary … maybe even downright slimy .
But if motivating the public to act up is a part of your leftist - led throwdown , branding and delivering a clear message is very , very necessary .
Case in point : Net Neutrality .
If you ’re like most Canadians , chances are good that you ’re browsing right on by it , distracted by the shiny packaging of social networking sites like Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
But believe me , dear reader , this no -name brand sitting on the bottom shelf of the Internet aisles could end up being the biggest free speech issue of the information age .
Let ’s hear the elevator pitch .
“ Net Neutrality prevents Internet providers from blocking , speeding up or slowing down Web content based on its source , ownership or destination . ”
– Savetheinternet.ca .
OK .
So now that we ’ve bypassed the nebulous Net Neutrality branding and gotten down to the dirty gist -- it seems like a great idea right ?
Preventing ISP ’s from controlling the content they serve up ?
But let ’s just play devil ’s advocate for a second .
Is n’t the Internet , by its very nature , democratic ?
Why should I buy in ?
Do n’t I , like , have that already ?
Ummm , no .
According to University of Ottawa professor and leading cause salesman Michael Geist , not only do we not have net neutrality in Canada , the telco companies that keep the Internet ’s doors open are leading the charge to ensure this is one product that never makes it to market .
Geist : “ Telcos become the gatekeepers to what we see / how fast we see it .
That is where there is a lack of competition and real dangers from prioritizing content and violating the principles of net neutrality . ”
Uh-oh .
Looks like we ’re going to have to read the ingredients on this can of whoop ass .
In May of 2008 , a scrappy little group called the Canadian Association of Internet Providers ( CAIP ) asked the CRTC for an urgent cease and desist order .
Seems
Bell , the mega - telco that the CAIP rents its pipes from had been engaging in a little bandwidth throttling -- slowing the speeds of subscribers who regularly use P2P clients like BitTorrent .
Now at first blush , knocking back the bandwidth of a few consumers who are trying to illegally download the latest episode of Lost -- so that the rest of their neighbours can happily surf Facebook -- may not seem like a big deal .
But according to Search Engine ’s Jesse Brown , the issue of bandwidth throttling , or ‘ traffic shaping ’ as its otherwise known , has a much more ominous undertone .
“ A two - tiered network in which administrators pick and choose what content moves at what speed based on business relationships is not , by definition , the Internet .
We'd be creating some weird new hierarchical corporate network , incompatible with the rest of the world . “
OK .
Now we ’re getting somewhere .
The two - tiered network Jesse speaks of is the new net order that Canada ’s big telcos have been fighting the CRTC to establish .
Under the guise of ‘ keeping congestion down , ’ Bell , Rogers and Telus have claimed that they need to be able to slow user traffic and inspect what kinds of content we ’re downloading , for the greater good of Internet subscribers everywhere .
And sure , that makes good business sense .
Keep the pipes clear for folks who are using the net legally , slow ‘em down for the ones who are n’t .
But look a little closer and you ’ll see it ’s a classic case of painting an issue with too broad a brush .
Because what creating a policy that allows telecom giants to control our public pipes really does is pave the way for the next generation of broadcasters -- the telcos -- to charge premium fees for higher speeds and to make sure that corporate - friendly client content reaches your screen long before your neighbour ’s YouTube videos do .
“ I ’m old enough to remember when television first hit .
I was living in Australia , and I remember the euphoria that happened , how my high school teachers were telling us … ‘ television is going to change everything , turn the world into a global village , give communities the power to spread information , be the saviour that finally gets us all being wise , tuned in , moving forward to create a utopia on this planet . ’
They were saying television was going to do all those things that people caught up in the Internet bubble are saying now . ”
Those are the wise and wondrous words of consummate culture jammer , Kalle Lasn .
And right now you may be wondering what the hell television has to do with a discussion on net neutrality .
Read on .
“ But by the time I was 25 , 10 years after television came , it was starting to be infested by corporate advertising .
Television turned into mass merchandising tool for corporations .
It was no longer a fair distribution of information . ”
Hmmm .
Infested by corporate advertising .
Fair distribution of information .
This seems to be ringing some bells .
Lasn has long been at the forefront of fighting for freedom of speech in the broadcast age .
A little over fifteen years ago he launched a lawsuit against big corporate media , starting the fight to air his 30 second anti-ads right alongside all those professionally polished pieces the agencies put up in primetime .
He lost .
And he lost .
And he lost again .
And 15 years and nearly $ 200,000 later , he ’s preparing for this third round against Canada ’s big broadcasters , this time spurred on by the B.C. Court of Appeal , who recently issued a ruling that allows Adbusters Media Foundation to pursue legal action against the CBC and CanWest Global for refusing to screen its anti-consumerist television ads .
Lasn : “ TV turned us into a bunch of consumers , creating recession with consumption .
So in a totally different way , the same kind of story path can happen with the Internet .
It already is happening .
The pluses are more enticing , I can start my own blog and suddenly have a big voice .
But along with those democratic developments , at the same time corporations are able to own the Facebooks , and figure out one ’s buying habits in much more clandestine ways .
The ante has been upped , the pluses are still there , but we ’re going down the dark side of the Internet . ”
And so , the battle for free speech in the information age rears its head and rages on .
In Lasn ’s case , he ’s been forced to fight the battle for free speech moving from the end of the story backward .
By the time he and his ads for “ Buy Nothing Day ” came along , the decisions about how television would be regulated , who would control the airwaves -- and in which way -- had already been decided .
The good news is , we ’re living through the Wild West frontier days of the Internet .
And , whether you know it or not , we all have a horse in this race .
As Jesse Brown says , “ We 're all content providers now , and these decisions affect everyone …
It 's not up to [ the corporations ] to stop pushing for a two - tiered Internet , it 's up to us , and our elected officials , to stop them . ”
The CRTC is set to hold another public hearing on July 6 of this year .
So pull yourself away from the glossy plastic packaging of your favourite social network and get out there .
Raise your voice .
We still have the power to make sure that when it comes to free speech on the Canadian Interweb , the artists and producers -- in short order , we , the people -- win out .
Roz Allen is a Toronto - based freelance troublemaker .
Find her online at www.therozblog.com.
We ’ve already talked about how moms and daughters can help boost each other ’s body image .
However , moms are n’t the only influential ones .
Dads , too , play a pivotal role in shaping their daughter ’s body image .
And parents today have a lot to contend with ; our society is n’t getting any easier on girls ( or boys ) .
It ’s tough enough on full - grown women to navigate the treacherous world of women ’s magazines , double - zero clothing and weight - loss ads .
Add to that peer teasing and cyberbullying , and it ’s understandable why some dads are voicing their concern .
Paul Nyhan in The Seattle Post - Intelligencer described his fears of raising his daughter in our appearance - conscious society :
“ Girls as young as 7 are now treated for anorexia , more than 40 percent of girls in first , second and third grade wish they were thinner , and the number of reported cases of anorexia and bulimia is rising , according to the Seattle - based National Association of Eating Disorders . ”
Like Nyhan — who ’s “ worried because in a few years this toddler will stand at the edge of the nation ’s body - image vortex , swirling with size 00 jeans , underfed celebrities glorified in gossip magazines , the latest “ America ’s Next Top Model ” and an unrelenting marketing drumbeat that skinnier is better ” — many dads are n’t sure how to approach their daughters .
They ’re typically more comfortable coaching their sons on their baseball game and catching up with their boys on the latest sports stats .
That might be because dads do n’t see themselves as that important to their daughters , writes father - daughter relationship expert Linda Nielsen in College Student Journal .
However , a good relationship between dads and daughters can have many benefits for daughters , Nielsen said : Research has found that daughters who have healthy relationships with their dads tend to be more self - reliant , self - confident and successful and less likely to develop eating disorders .
What You Can Do
Building a better body image is just as critical as building a healthy self - image .
Here are ways to help your daughter build both :
1. Remember you ’re a role model .
The experts in Nyhan ’s article note that “ both mom and dad set examples when they talk about their own bodies , eat and watch movies and television . ”
So be aware of the messages you convey to your daughter .
2. Call out bad messages and help your child analyze advertising .
We ’re surrounded by self - objectifying ads and a pop culture that promotes sexy , skinny images , even to young girls .
Just recently , Calvin Klein — a fashion design company swimming in controversy because of its highly sexualized images — unveiled a shocking image in New York City ’s Soho neighborhood .
Conveniently ( for Calvin Klein ) , you ca n’t just turn off the TV to avoid the ad ; kids and parents have to endure it every time they walk by .
Sexualized images in advertising and in the media can lead to shame and anxiety and are associated with low self - esteem , eating disorders and depression , according to a report from the American Psychological Association .
You can counteract these consequences by talking about negative advertising and teaching your daughter to think critically about what she sees .
Some questions you can start with :
What do you think about this ad ?
How does it make you feel ?
What do you think are the company ’s motives ?
What is it trying to sell ?
Jean Kilbourne , an international expert on advertising and co-author of So Sexy So Soon : The New Sexualized Childhood and What Parents Can Do to Protect Their Kids , offers an extensive list of resources here .
In this excellent article , Diane E. Levin , the book ’s other co-author , discusses practical tips , including talking to your daughter about revealing clothing and sexualized advertising .
Canada ’s Media Awareness
Network also has advice on talking to your kids about advertising in general .
3 . Check out expert resources .
The Dad Man is an excellent website that offers dads tons of tips on raising their daughters .
Joe Kelly , who founded and maintains The Dad Man , on his blog lists 16 tips for dads to help their daughters foster a healthy self - image .
Kelly adapted his tips from Margo D. Maine ’s book , Father Hunger : Fathers , Daughters and the Pursuit of Thinness .
You can find tips 1 - 6 here and 7 - 16 here .
Here ’s a snippet of the valuable advice :
Know what you do n’t know .
Learn about your daughter ’s life .
Do n’t believe that your experience and hers are similar ; in fact , you are years and cultures apart .
Respect the differences .
Encourage her to identify and discuss her emotions and opinions .
Let her disagree with you without withdrawing your affection .
Show respect for the differences between you .
Teach her to say no and set limits .
This will prepare her for situations that might compromise or even endanger her .
Help your daughter develop values other than consumerism .
Share some of yours and create opportunities to enjoy nature , reading , the arts , sports , music , cultivation of friendships , volunteerism , or other activities .
Maintain a diet - free home .
Encourage enjoyment of food , moderate exercise , and a healthy , balanced lifestyle .
Rules about food only backfire and contribute to eating and weight problems .
4 . Engage your daughter in “ life . ” Jezebel blogger Jennifer suggests going beyond body image .
She writes :
“ When I was growing up , my dad never told me what I could and could n’t do , but he did let me know that he thought that , in his opinion , YM magazine portrayed women as stupid .
( Not to mention trashy . )
My dad ’s opinions meant something to me .
I never read YM .
When I was growing up , my dad talked to me non -stop about his love of the music of Diana Ross , Laura Nyro , Aretha Franklin , Joni Mitchell , and Carole King .
My dad ’s opinions meant something to me .
That was the music I listened ( and still listen ) to , and those were the women I thought were really cool .
But most importantly , both of my parents did n’t sit down and drill me about my “ body image ” — they were too busy asking me my opinions on what was going on in the news , what I was learning in school and nurturing everything from my interest in politics to my love of musicals .
And guess what ?
I was too interested in life to be interested in what I weighed . ”
5. Spend quality time .
Pick an activity that you both enjoy that does n’t involve mom .
Let this be your special time .
As a little girl , my close friend used to tag along with her father , a biologist , in the field , helping him find specimens and collect data .
He ’d also regularly read science books to her ( before she even knew what “ science ” meant ) and ask her thoughts on various subjects .
To this day , she talks about how influential these father - daughter experiences were and how they ’ve shaped her interests and goals — she completed her master ’s degree in evolutionary biology and is now an instructor at a state university .
Oh , and she still tags along with her dad to do field work .
Check out Time for some great stories about dads and daughters .
Boys and Body Image
Do n’t forget that boys struggle with body image , too .
They might not be as vocal about it , but unrealistic , unhealthy standards for boys proliferate .
Big biceps , toned bodies and six - pack abs are today ’s ideal , and can have various negative consequences .
Common Sense Media , an independent , nonprofit organization that helps parents review and find positive media experiences for their kids , includes on their site some useful tips — and some startling statistics :
Nearly a third of teen boys try to control their weight through unhealthy methods , like taking laxatives or smoking .
In a 2005 study , 1 in 8 boys ages 12 to 18 reported using hormones or supplements to change their appearance , improve muscle mass , or gain more strength .
1 in 20 teen boys said they used products , including growth hormones or steroids , at least once a week .
Remember that you play an integral and influential role in helping your kids build a positive self - image .
Hope you had a great Father ’s Day !
Dads , Daughters and Body Image
← Sign the petition : we must pass health care reform before the House takes a vacation
Sign our petition to the House to pass health care reform before August recess .
We 'll deliver the petition at the end of the week and hound any Member who thinks it 's a good idea to delay .
Add your name to the left now .
Beautiful Jewellery Nature Pendants
These two unique Beautiful Jewellery pendants were original handmade directly in sterling silver by artist Peter Root .
The pendants have seaglass and pearls .
The leaves are coated with enamel .
To view more designs in a similiar style please consider visiting our Hatton Garden showroom .
Nature Pendant # 84621
sterling silver , seaglass , enamel , pearls
Nature Pendant # 38923
The finest quality seaglass , enamel , pearls sourced from christuckerminerals.com
Sterling Silver and 18 Karat Gold
Bracelet # 8394
This wearable work of art by artist Peter Root is in sterling silver and 18 karat gold .
The bracelet watch has a unique combination mix of amber with faceted gemstones .
The gemstones in the bracelet include : green tourmaline , green peridot , golden citrine , and red garnet .
The bracelet watch was entirely handmade in silver and gold .
No casting .
18 Karat Gold Bracelet with Cobalt Tourmaline
and Blue Sapphires , One of a Kind
The bracelet is an original work of art in 18 karat gold by artist Peter Root .
The working hinges and working locking clasp is handmade in gold .
The bracelet is not made from a wax carving , therefore , even the artist , the original designer and maker of the piece cannot duplicate this piece .
* President is taking on cult - like cartel " La Familia "
* Soldiers patrol western state in a show of force
* La Familia is powerful in local politics
MORELIA , Mexico , July 22 ( Reuters ) - A cult - like drug cartel is defying President Felipe Calderon in his home state in western Mexico by taking on security forces with a menacing mix of violence , pseudo - religion and gifts for the poor .
" La Familia " ( The Family ) uses Bible scriptures to inspire its traffickers and has taken over smuggling in the state of Michoacan , gaining power despite Calderon 's near three - year assault on cartels in the state and across the country .
After the group killed 16 police in a series of brazen attacks last week , Calderon sent some 5,500 troops , elite police and navy officers to the mountainous marijuana - producing state in one of the biggest surges of the drug war .
Helicopters whirred overhead on Wednesday and convoys of army trucks patrolled the colonial state capital of Morelia as tourists sat at cafes in the pink stone - colored city .
La Familia , whose leaders say they are proud natives of the state , has become one of Calderon 's most formidable challenges as it goes beyond smuggling to seek political influence and social standing .
Led by evangelical Christian Nazario Moreno who calls himself " The Craziest One " and who has a $ 2 million bounty on his head in Mexico , the group preaches scripture mixed with self - help slogans to its members .
Handing out toys to children and money to build schools , the cartel tries to promote a mystique unique among Mexican gangs by claiming openly to protect the local population .
La Familia bans its members from drinking alcohol or taking narcotics , holds prayer and indoctrination sessions and finances rural evangelical churches and drug rehabilitation centers across Michoacan , the army says .
" I ask God for strength and he gives me challenges that make me strong , " says one slogan signed " The Craziest One " and found by soldiers on a raid last year on a cartel safe house .
Formed in the 1980s , La Familia has vowed to stop sales of the party methamphetamine drug " Ice " in the state , saying it is destroying local communities .
Instead , it exports all meth production to the United States
In a call to a local TV station last week , a cartel member said its main aim was to bring order to Michoacan , help the poor with cash handouts and protect working families .
" They want to see themselves as Robin Hood figures , " said Julian Gudino , a security consultant in Mexico City .
" Obviously this is false , but if they have that local support , they can run their trafficking business much more easily . "
INTENSELY VIOLENT
As La Familia has grown to develop distribution networks in U.S. states such as Georgia , California and Illinois , it has also taken on the Gulf cartel 's armed wing , the Zetas , a group from northeastern Mexico that has tried to take control of Michoacan .
In a full - page newspaper advertisement in 2006 , La Familia said it was fighting back the " destructive power " of the Zetas and offering a cartel that " helps families . "
Some residents in Morelia say La Familia may be the lesser of two evils .
" If the army can't stop drug traffickers , I 'd rather they had an interest in our communities even if it is only to benefit their business , " said Ana Tinoco , an off - duty waitress sitting by Morelia 's majestic cathedral .
But La Familia is by no means a soft touch .
A fight with the Zetas for Michoacan just five hours drive from Mexico City has killed almost 300 people this year , mirroring the growing violence across Mexico .
The drugs war has claimed 12,800 lives since late 2006 , worrying tourists and investors .
Intensely violent , the cartel dumped the blood - smeared bodies of 12 federal police in a heap by a remote highway last week in revenge for the capture of a gang leader by police .
U.S. anti-drug experts say members of La Familia must complete a three - to - six month training camp in Michoacan run by former Mexican and Guatemalan elite soldiers , and the group may may have linked up with Mexico 's top drug lord Joaquin " Shorty " Guzman to share smuggling routes over the U.S. border .
" The criminals have a very clear objective and they 're not afraid of the military , " state police chief Minerva Bautista said .
La Familia also wields great power in local politics , making the organization harder to confront .
Troops earlier this year rounded up 10 mayors and a string of police chiefs accused of working for the cartel in one of the biggest single corruption sweeps of the drugs war .
The half - brother of state governor Leonel Godoy , himself a politician , is accused of providing protection for La Familia .
Godoy denies any wrongdoing and says he will help any investigation involving his brother , who is on the run .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The mega-cities of the developing world hold an irresistible attraction for migrants from the countryside .
But as the cities swell , their need for food , water and energy multiplies .
The BBC's Chris Morris asks whether urbanisation is sustainable .
Ujjwal is a 22 - year - old labourer sitting outside a makeshift tent in a posh part of New Delhi .
By day he works on repaving the road .
By night he sleeps on the pavement .
Like millions of Indians , he has migrated to the big city to find work and earn money .
It is the only way he can gain any benefit from the mainly - urban economic boom which has swept through this country .
PERFECT STORM 2030 BBC correspondents explore the forecast by UK chief scientist John Beddington , of a " perfect storm " of food , water and energy shortages in 2030 .
They also consider what scientists and members of the public can do to help avert a crisis .
Overview : A grim forecast " There are so many more opportunities available here than there are at home , " he says .
" You have to work hard and the hours are long .
But I do n't want to go back to my village in Bengal .
I want to stay here in Delhi . "
Hundreds of thousands of migrant construction workers live in Delhi alone , many of them working on big marquee projects in advance of next year 's Commonwealth Games .
Ujjwal earns about 5,000 rupees ( $ 102 ) per month and manages to send at least 1,000 rupees home to his family .
' Creaking '
But as more and more migrants arrive in Delhi , the pressure on land , on water supplies , and on urban infrastructure intensifies .
India 's capital is creaking at the seams .
It 's the same story across the developing world .
Mega -cities have been growing at an incredible rate , and are struggling to cope with the demands of millions of new inhabitants .
Take the example of Mumbai .
Its population has roughly doubled in the past 25 years , and millions of people live in the slums .
Hundreds of thousands of migrant construction workers live in Delhi Ensuring access to clean water is a particular dilemma , and for many a daily grind .
Early in the morning , in north Mumbai , dozens of people are queuing in the rain with buckets and plastic jerry cans , hoping to buy water from a hose - pipe snaking out into the narrow street .
The municipal supply is only switched on for a couple of hours a day at best .
So this is the one chance for people with no connection to the mains to get enough water to meet their basic needs .
" There 's no planning whatsoever , and every day more and more people arrive in the city , and the problems keep getting worse , " says Chandrashekhar Prabhu , a prominent architect .
But despite all the strains on the system there is an argument that migration from rural to urban areas in countries like India should increase still further .
A World Bank report earlier this year ( The World Development Report 2009 ) says the process of migration should be welcomed and encouraged as a way of lifting people out of poverty .
" Instead of worrying about the size of metropolises , cities and towns , the government should worry about making sure that these places work well , " said the director of the World Development Report , Indermit S Gill , on its release .
And that 's a huge challenge .
Because if a decent percentage of this country 's migrant workers succeed and settle down , they too will be seeking even more water , more food and more energy supplies .
India 's cities are developing fast .
But the demands of the people are developing faster .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Esquire interviewed Barney Frank about the Personal Use of Marijuana by Responsible Adults Act of 2009 .
BARNEY FRANK : Announcing that the government should mind its own business on marijuana is really not that hard .
There 's not a lot of complexity here .
We should stop treating people as criminals because they smoke marijuana .
The problem is the political will .
ESQ : That 's my second question .
There 's already been a lot of change in the country .
Thirteen states have decriminalized pot .
What 's holding up Congress ?
BF : This is a case where there 's cultural lag on the part of my colleagues .
If you ask them privately , they do n't think it 's a terrible thing .
But they 're afraid of being portrayed as soft on drugs .
And by the way , the argument is , nobody ever gets arrested for it .
But we have this outrageous case in New York where a cop jammed a baton up a guy's ass when he caught him smoking marijuana .
ESQ : You 're kidding .
BF : Actually , I 've just been corrected by my partner — it was a radio he jammed up the guy 's ass , not his baton .
Who has n’t heard of Mike Tyson ?
Unless you ’ve been living under a rock your whole life , you know this very ...
Back in March 2009 , I had an occasion to need to stay at a hotel I booked through Hotwire.com .
The hotel was nice enough , but there were a few things that were a bit peculiar .
For one , they did not offer dry cleaning services , which is odd for any hotel and particularly one not far from a major airport that allegedly caters to business travelers .
The other odd thing , was the hotel had a DJ playing house music in the lobby bar .
It was extremely loud , but the sound did not reach the floors above , so it was fine really , unless you wanted to relax in the bar with a drink and enjoy typical hotel bar conversation or watch a game on the TV .
In any event , after submitting a review shortly after I stayed , I just received an e-mail from Hotwire telling me that the review I submitted was not appropriate and needed to be changed because I mentioned policies of the hotel .
I thought this odd , so I went back to Hotwire to see what I had submitted .
Clearly , I did not mention any “ policies ” of the hotel , but rather just pointed out a few of the peculiarities and suggested that if you were looking for business accommodations you might be better off elsewhere .
Here is a screenshot of a portion of the e-mail I received :
Now here is the review I submitted :
Great place , not much immediately around the hotel though .
In the evenings they did have DJ music in the lobby bar , which seemed like a low - key club setting .
There was a very good exercise room , and a pool .
The hotel does not offer dry cleaning services , which was surprising .
So if you are traveling on business this might not be the best choice .
I always like to get my shirts and suit pressed to look my best , but that was not an option , so I had to make do with an ironing board and no starch .
The room had a mini-refrigerator , king bed and a desk , which was reasonably comfortable .
There was no easy chair though , so watching TV at night was either in bed or in the desk chair .
For the rate I managed to get on Hotwire it was great , but I suspect if I had paid the full rate for this hotel I would have been extremely disappointed .
Here is the non-responsive e-mail I received from Hotwire Customer Service when I informed them they had made an error and that nothing I said mentioned any hotel policies :
Thank you for contacting us to express your concerns regarding your survey .
Customer feedback is an important component in ensuring quality products and services at Hotwire .
Our goal is to exceed your expectations and we regret we did not do so on this occasion .
We hope to have the opportunity to better serve your needs in the near future .
If we can be of further assistance , please feel free to reply to this email or contact us directly at 1 - 866- XXX - XXXX .
Thank you for choosing Hotwire .
Sincerely ,
This is obviously sent by someone who did n’t read my e-mail sent to Hotwire , or perhaps just picked a standard non-responsive e-mail reply from a list of canned choices .
In any event , I am not going to correct the review because I am not about to waste time trying to dumb down a fair , accurate and informative review , particularly without knowing what the problem with the review is .
Furthermore , the closest that I come to doing that is probably that they offer no dry cleaning services , but quite honestly that was the entire reason I wrote the review in the first place .
As a frequent business traveler , when I travel to places I am not familiar with I always like to try and get some sense of the hotel from various reviews .
If you are in town to visit friends , family or site - seeing this hotel was great , but for those on business who might want to be able to be able to get a shirt or suit pressed or cleaned , you better have a car and a map to get to the nearest dry cleaner .
Likewise , after a long day it is always nice to get a drink in the hotel bar and relax a bit , but if you are not into loud DJ music that would be difficult to accomplish .
So all of this makes me wonder what exactly the value is in Hotwire reviews ?
I have had some good experiences with Hotwire , but many not so good experiences , and perhaps this is why .
It is no wonder the reviews are all spectacular and then you get to the hotel and see it is not at all like what you were lead to believe .
It would seem that Hotwire has a bias against legitimate but potentially unfavorable reviews and opinions .
It is their site and business , and they can do whatever the like , but I can to and I think it is important that people know they cannot trust Hotwire reviews because potentially negative reviews are weeded out .
I typically , as a rule , no longer use Hotwire because I think classifying Comfort Inn as a 3 star hotel is disingenuous , which actually happened to me once .
Nevertheless , when I am only going to be in a place for a few days and I need a quick , cheap room I have given in to the price point temptation presented by Hotwire .
Knowing that the reviews on Hotwire need to pass some kind of uncertain and ill defined acceptability review means I will just steer clear of Hotwire from now on .
So what does this have to do with intellectually property ?
Perhaps not much as IPWatchdog readers are typically accustomed to in my writing , but it is certainly an Internet related story , and I am going to try and write more about that where appropriate .
Also , if you have a business and you want you Trademark to remain valuable you need to make sure you are not doing anything particularly silly or stupid to waste such an important asset .
Perhaps
Hotwire is trying to become synonymous with really cheap , not so good and / or “ interesting ” hotels that for one reason or another , whether ongoing construction , newness or weirdness , have rooms that can not be filled .
Your mileage may vary , but that is exactly what I think of when I hear “ Hotwire , ” and I ca n’t believe that is a good thing for their long term viability , particularly if others also feel the same way .
This is the seventh in a series of blog posts introducing the new C++0 x thread library .
So far we 've looked at the various ways of starting threads in C++0 x and protecting shared data with mutexes .
See the end of this article for a full set of links to the rest of the series .
After last time 's detour into lazy initialization , our regular programming resumes with the promised article on std::lock ( ) .
Acquiring locks on multiple mutexes
In most cases , your code should only ever hold a lock on one mutex at a time .
Occasionally , you might nest your locks , e.g. by calling into a subsystem that protects its internal data with a mutex whilst holding a lock on another mutex , but it 's generally better to avoid holding locks on multiple mutexes at once if at all possible .
However , sometimes it is necessary to hold a lock on more than one mutex , because you need to perform an operation on two distinct items of data , each of which is protected by its own mutex .
In order to perform the operation correctly , you need to hold locks on both the mutexes , otherwise another thread could change one of the values before your operation was complete .
For example , consider a bank transfer between two accounts : we want the transfer to be a single action to the outside world , so we need to acquire the lock on the mutex protecting each account .
You could naively implement this like so :
class account { std:: mutex m ; currency_value balance ; public : friend void transfer ( account& from , account& to , currency_value amount ) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex > lock_from( from.m ) ; std::lock_guard<std::mutex > lock_to( to.m ) ; from .
balance -= amount ; to . balance += amount ; } } ;
Though it looks right at first glance ( both locks are acquired before data is accessed ) , there is a potential for deadlock in this code .
Consider two threads calling transfer ( ) at the same time on the same accounts , but one thread is transferring money from account A to account B , whereas the other is transferring money from account B to account A . If the calls to transfer ( ) are running concurrently , then both threads will try and lock the mutex on their from account .
Assuming there 's nothing else happening in the system , this will succeed , as for thread 1 the from account is account A , whereas for thread 2 the from account is account B . Now each thread tries to acquire the lock on the mutex for the corresponding to .
Thread 1 will try and lock the mutex for account B ( thread 1 is transferring from A to B ) .
Unfortunately , it will block because thread 2 holds that lock .
Meanwhile thread B will try and lock the mutex for account A ( thread 2 is transferring from B to A ) .
Thread 1 holds this mutex , so thread 2 must also block — deadlock .
Avoiding deadlock with std::lock ( )
In order to avoid this problem , you need to somehow tell the system to lock the two mutexes together , so that one of the threads acquires both locks and deadlock is avoided .
This is what the std ::lock ( ) function is for — you supply a number of mutexes ( it 's a variadic template ) and the thread library ensures that when the function returns they are all locked .
Thus we can avoid the race condition in transfer ( ) by writing it as follows :
void transfer ( account& from , account& to , currency_value amount ) { std::lock ( from.m, to.m ) ; std::lock_guard<std::mutex > lock_from ( from.m,std::adopt_lock ) ; std::lock_guard<std::mutex > lock_to( to.m, std::adopt_lock ) ; from .
balance -= amount ; to . balance += amount ; }
Here we use std::lock ( ) to lock both mutexes safely , then adopt the ownership into the std :: lock_guard instances to ensure the locks are released safely at the end of the function .
Other mutex types
As mentioned already , std::lock ( ) is a function template rather than a plain function .
Not only does this mean it can merrily accept any number of mutex arguments , but it also means that it can accept any type of mutex arguments .
The arguments do n't even all have to be the same type .
You can pass anything which implements lock ( ) , try_lock ( ) and unlock ( ) member functions with appropriate semantics .
As you may remember from part 5 of this series , std::unique_lock <> provides these member functions , so you can pass an instance of std::unique_lock <> to std::lock ( ) .
Indeed , you could also write transfer ( ) using std::unique_lock <> like this :
void transfer ( account& from , account& to , currency_value amount ) { std::unique_lock<std::mutex > lock_from ( from.m,std::defer_lock ) ; std::unique_lock<std::mutex > lock_to( to.m, std::defer_lock ) ; std::lock( lock_from, lock_to ) ; from .
balance -= amount ; to . balance += amount ; }
In this case , we construct the std::unique_lock <> instances without actually locking the mutexes , and then lock them both together with std::lock ( ) afterwards .
You still get all the benefits of the deadlock avoidance , and the same level of exception safety — which approach to use is up to you , and depends on what else is happening in the code .
Exception safety
Since std::lock( ) has to work with any mutex type you might throw at it , including user - defined ones , it has to be able to cope with exceptions .
In particular , it has to provide sensible behaviour if a call to lock ( ) or try_lock ( ) on one of the supplied mutexes throws an exception .
The way it does this is quite simple : if a call to lock ( ) or try_lock ( ) on one of the supplied mutexes throws an exception then unlock ( ) is called on each of the mutexes for which this call to std::lock ( ) currently owns a lock .
So , if you are locking 4 mutexes and the call has successfully acquired 2 of them , but a call to try_lock ( ) on the third throws an exception then the locks on the first two will be released by calls to unlock ( ) .
The upshot of this is that if std::lock ( ) completes successfully then the calling thread owns the lock on all the supplied mutexes , but if the call exits with an exception then from the point of view of lock ownership it will be as - if the call was never made — any additional locks acquired have been released again .
No silver bullet
There are many ways to write code that deadlocks : std::lock ( ) only addresses the particular case of acquiring multiple mutexes together .
However , if you need to do this then std ::lock ( ) ensures that you do n't need to worry about lock ordering issues .
If your code acquires locks on multiple mutexes , but std::lock ( ) is n't applicable for your case , then you need to take care of lock ordering issues another way .
One possibility is to enforce an ordering by using a hierarchical mutex .
If you 've got a deadlock in your code , then things like the deadlock detection mode of my just : : thread library can help you pinpoint the cause .
Next time
In the next installment we 'll take a look at the " futures " mechanism from C++0 x .
Futures are a high level mechanism for passing a value between threads , and allow a thread to wait for a result to be available without having to manage the locks directly .
Subscribe to the RSS feed or email newsletter for this blog to be sure you do n't miss the rest of the series .
Try it out
If you 're using Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 or g++ 4.3 or 4.4 on Ubuntu Linux you can try out the examples from this series using our just : : thread implementation of the new C++0 x thread library .
Get your copy today .
Here are the posts in this series so far :
Posted by Anthony Williams
[/ threading /] permanent link
Tags : concurrency , multithreading , C++0x , thread , atomics
Stumble It ! | Submit to Reddit | Submit to DZone
Comment on this post
If you liked this post , why not subscribe to the RSS feed or Follow me on Twitter ?
You can also subscribe to this blog by email using the form on the left .
Mr. Weinberg has three cartons of eggs on a shelf in his office , next to a piece by John Baldessari , a box of M&M ’s with a sign that reads “ No More Boring Art . ”
“ I have yet to discuss either with our conservator or our registrar as to what to do with them , ” he said this week .
“ I like the idea of Hope making art about and from the chickens .
If you eat the eggs , they become part of you .
If you choose to save them , they are a kind of memento mori . ”
( No , they do n’t smell , he said .
Eggshells are porous , and their contents will eventually evaporate . )
Malcolm Daniel , curator of the photography department at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , said he’s in the former category : a confirmed Sandrow egg eater .
“ And they are tasty , ” Mr. Daniel wrote in an e-mail message .
“ I do n’t think that having a collection of aging eggs in my museum office would be the best thing , but on the other hand , I ’d love to have a collection of her pictures in my office .
“ Hope ’s chickens are just about the wackiest looking birds I ’ve seen , and she ’s managed to make some wonderfully expressive and fun pictures of Shinnecock and family , ” he continued .
“ Every now and then I open up her Web cam and take a peek at what the birds are doing , then move on to other work , forgetting about them until , all of a sudden , I hear a cock - a - doodle - doo coming out of my computer speakers ! ”
For the last three decades , Ms. Sandrow , whose career began in the early - ’80s East Village , has made art , mostly photographs , that has tackled science , myth - making and all manner of identity issues , and has been shown everywhere from Gracie Mansion , the East Village gallery , to the Whitney .
Her photographs are in the permanent collections of the Museum of Modern Art , the Whitney and the Met. But Ms. Sandrow ’s chicken portraits were the first portraits she had composed since the 1980s , when so many of the friends she had photographed died of AIDS , artists like Peter Hujar , Greer Lankton and Jimmy De Sana .
She did n’t tell anyone about her portrait project , she said .
“ I was afraid people would laugh at me . ”
And then Ms. Gund phoned with her commission .
“ I just about fell off my chair , ” Ms. Sandrow said .
Image Ms. Sandrow has turned her home , her garden and her chickens into an ever - evolving art installation .
Credit ... Nicole Bengiveno / The New York Times
As Ms. Gund explained , “ I was so excited by the breadth of these photographs , and so taken with the backstory of each chicken , which Hope provides , and the narrative that she pursues .
You would n’t think somebody could be so involved with chickens . ”
Like the loyal German bourgeoisie in 1945 , trying to keep patriotically cheerful despite the distant ominous rumblings of Russian tanks , we Tarantino fans have kept loyally optimistic on the Croisette this week .
We ignored the rumourmongers , the alarmists and defeatists , and insisted that the Master would at the last moment fire a devastating V1 rocket of a movie which would lay waste to his , and our , detractors .
But today the full catastrophe of his new film arrived like some colossal armour - plated turkey from hell .
The city of our hopes is in flames .
Quentin Tarantino 's cod-WW2 shlocker about a Jewish - American revenge squad intent on killing Nazis in German - occupied France is awful .
It is achtung - achtung - ach - mein - Gott atrocious .
It is n't funny ; it is n't exciting ; it is n't a realistic war movie , yet neither is it an entertaining genre spoof or a clever counterfactual wartime yarn .
It is n't emotionally involving or deliciously ironic or a brilliant tissue of trash - pop references .
Nothing like that .
Brad Pitt gives the worst performance of his life , with a permanent smirk as if he's had the left side of his jaw injected with cement , and which he must uncomfortably maintain for long scenes on camera without dialogue .
And those all - important movie allusions are entirely without zing , being to stately stuff such as the wartime German UFA studio , GW Pabst etc , for which Tarantino has no feeling , displaying just a solemn Euro - cinephilia that his heart is n't in .
The expression on my face in the auditorium as the lights finally went up was like that of the first - night 's audience at Springtime for Hitler .
Except that there is no one from Dusseldorf called Rolf to cheer us up .
Pitt plays Lt Aldo Raine , the leader of an anti-Nazi commando unit whose avowed mission is to get 100 Kraut scalps apiece ; we see the scalpings in full , gruesome detail , yet that figure is entirely forgotten about by the end .
Mélanie Laurent plays Shosanna Dreyfus , a beautiful young Jewish woman whose family were slaughtered by SS Col Hans Landa , played by Christoph Waltz .
She got away and ( somehow ) attained not only a new identity , but also ownership of a Paris cinema which is to play host to the premiere of Dr Goebbels 's latest propaganda movie , in the presence of the Führer himself .
Her plan is to incinerate the entire first - night audience by bolting the doors and igniting her vast inflammable stock of nitrate film .
Meanwhile Lt Raine has his own plans for killing Hitler at the movie theatre and the Brits get involved too , in the form of suave Michael Fassbender as Archie Hicox , a crack commando making contact with exotic spy Bridget von Hammersmark , played by Diane Kruger .
There are some nice - ish performances , particularly from Fassbender and Waltz , but everything is just so boring .
I was hoping for Shosanna at least to get a satisfying revenge on the unspeakable Col Landa .
But no .
The two Hitler - assassination plots cancel each other out dramatically and the director 's moderate reserves of narrative interest are exhausted way before the end .
He should perhaps go back to making cheerfully inventive outrageous films like Kill Bill .
Because Kill Adolf has n't worked out .
• Peter Bradshaw is the Guardian 's film critic
If the only way we compared the two systems – U.S. versus Canada – was with statistics , there is a clear victor .
It is becoming increasingly more difficult to dispute the fact that Canada spends less money on health care to get better outcomes .
Yet , the debate rages on .
Indeed , it has reached a fever pitch since President Barack Obama took office , with Americans either dreading or hoping for the dawn of a single - payer health care system .
Opponents of such a system cite Canada as the best example of what not to do , while proponents laud that very same Canadian system as the answer to all of America ’s health care problems …
As America comes to grips with the reality that changes are desperately needed within its health care infrastructure , it might prove useful to first debunk some myths about the Canadian system .
Myth : Taxes in Canada are extremely high , mostly because of national health care .
In actuality , taxes are nearly equal on both sides of the border .
Overall , Canada ’s taxes are slightly higher than those in the U.S. However , Canadians are afforded many benefits for their tax dollars , even beyond health care ( e.g. , tax credits , family allowance , cheaper higher education ) , so the end result is a wash .
At the end of the day , the average after - tax income of Canadian workers is equal to about 82 percent of their gross pay .
In the U.S. , that average is 81.9 percent .
Myth : Canada ’s health care system is a cumbersome bureaucracy .
The U.S. has the most bureaucratic health care system in the world .
More than 31 percent of every dollar spent on health care in the U.S. goes to paperwork , overhead , CEO salaries , profits , etc .
The provincial single - payer system in Canada operates with just a 1 percent overhead .
Think about it .
It is not necessary to spend a huge amount of money to decide who gets care and who does n’t when everybody is covered .
Not so incidentally , single - payer systems run by the U.S. government can approach Canadian efficiency .
Medicare and Social Security run at less than 3 % overhead .
Myth :
The Canadian system is significantly more expensive than that of the U.S.
Ten percent of Canada ’s GDP is spent on health care for 100 percent of the population .
The U.S. spends 17 percent of its GDP but 15 percent of its population has no coverage whatsoever and millions of others have inadequate coverage .
In essence , the U.S. system is considerably more expensive than Canada’s .
Part of the reason for this is uninsured and underinsured people in the U.S. still get sick and eventually seek care .
People who cannot afford care wait until advanced stages of an illness to see a doctor and then do so through emergency rooms , which cost considerably more than primary care services .
What the American taxpayer may not realize is that such care costs about $ 45 billion per year , and someone has to pay it .
This is why insurance premiums increase every year for insured patients while co-pays and deductibles also rise rapidly .
Myth : Canada ’s government decides who gets health care and when they get it .
While HMOs and other private medical insurers in the U.S. do indeed make such decisions , the only people in Canada to do so are physicians .
In Canada , the government has absolutely no say in who gets care or how they get it .
Medical decisions are left entirely up to doctors , as they should be .
RTFA .
It continues on to deal with a number of lies that are fundamental to the emotional well - being of Americans who feel their political lives must be dedicated to the advancement of corporate wealth and power .
Thanks ,
Cinaedh
No doubt that most of you are familiar with the Blair Holt Firearm Licensing and Record of Sale Act of 2009 .
However , before you dismiss this article as old news , you may find it prudent to read and assess all of the implications of this American version of the Nazi Weapons Act of 1938 .
For your edification , I have included an English translation of the Nazi Weapons Act of 1938 .
Nazi Weapons
Act of 1938
All citizens who wished to purchase firearms had to register with the Nazi officials and have a background check .
Presumed German citizens were hostile and thereby exempted Nazis from the gun control law .
Gave Nazis unrestricted power to decide what kinds of firearms could , or could not be owned by private persons .
The types of ammunition that were legal were subject to control by bureaucrats .
Juveniles under 18 years could not buy firearms and ammunition .
Please compare the Nazi act listed above and contrast it to the Blair Holt Law and decide for yourself if best - selling author Jim Marrs is not correct when he says “ In WWII , we defeated the German armies , but failed to defeat the Nazi ’s and they are ruling over us in present day America . ”
The Blair Holt Firearm Licensing & Record of Sale Act of 2009
Senate Bill ( SB ) - 2099 will require all American taxpaying citizens to report on their 2009 1040 federal tax form all guns possessed or owned .
The bill is currently calling for a requirement for gun owner fingerprints and places a tax of $ 50 on each gun .
As many of the readers know , this bill was introduced on February 24 , 2009 .
However , this bill will become public knowledge only 30 days AFTER it is voted into law .
There is an amendment to the Internal Revenue Act of 1986 which means that the Finance Committee can pass this without the Senate even voting on it at all .
The full text of the proposed amendment is on the U.S. Senate homepage , http://www.senate.gov/ .
You can find the bill by doing a search by the bill number , SB - 2099 .
You know who to call ; I strongly suggest that you do and do so immediately .
http://www.opencongress.org/bill/111-h45/text
Congress is now starting on the firearms confiscation bill .
If it passes , if you do n't fully comply , gun owners will become criminals .
It is important for you to be aware of a new bill HR 45 introduced into the House .
Even gun shop owners did n't know about this because the government is trying to fly it under the radar .
To find out about this piece of Nazi - type legislation , go to any government website and type in HR 45 or Google HR 45 Blair Holt Firearm Licensing & Record of Sales Act of 2009 .
You will get all the information you need to conclude that life as we know it is being systematically destroyed before our very eyes .
Basically , this bill would make it illegal to own a firearm - any rifle with a clip or ANY pistol unless :
1- It is registered
2- You are fingerprinted
3- You supply a current Driver 's License
4- You supply your Social Security #
5- You will submit to a physical and mental evaluation at any time of their choosing
6- Each update , change of ownership through private or public sale must be reported and costs $ 25
7- Failure to comply automatically causes you to lose the right to own firearms forever and would make you subject up to a year in jail .
8- There is a child provision clause on page 16 section 305 stating a gun must be locked and inaccessible to any child under 18 .
9 - The government would have the right to come and inspect that you are storing your gun safely away from children and it would be punishable for up to 5 years in prison and a fine if you are found to be in violation .
If you think this is alarmist material , I dare every American to go to the website and take your pick of many options to read this police state material .
Pass the word along .
To any hunters in your family pass this along !
Any Americans who desire to preserve what little is left of our Constitution , pass it along !
This is just an incremental approach to complete confiscation of guns and disarming of our society to the point we have no defense against those who have no conscience , no sense of morality and want to see 95 % of us removed from the planet .
If you take my gun , only the criminal , or governmental official , will have one to use against me ...
HR 45 only makes me / us less safe .
The following links are provided for your review .
http:// thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/z?c111:H.R.45 :
http://www.opencongress.org/bill/111-h45/show
http://www.govtrack.us/congress/bill.xpd?bill=h111-45
http://www.govtrack.us/congress/bill.xpd?bill=h111-45
Obamageddon has started .
It is almost as if the Obama administration is deliberately attempting to provoke American citizens in order that they can put the hammer down and invoke martial law .
The German people acquiesced to Hitler and the failure to resist spelled Armageddon for the German people .
In contrast , when the British moved to seize the arms at Lexington and Concord , the colonists met force with force .
The remaining question remains whether this generation of Americans has the intestinal fortitude to chase this modern day version of extreme tyranny back into the holes from whence they came ?
My thanks to the New Correspondent for The Common Sense Show , Annie DeRiso for bringing this to my attention
Nissan has unveiled what it claims to be the world 's first mass - market electric car — a five - door hatchback called Leaf which its Sunderland plant is vying to build for the European market .
The family - sized car , which has a maximum range of 100 miles and a top speed of about 90 mph , will be in showrooms in Britain , Europe , the US and Japan by the end of next year .
The Leaf is the first of Nissan 's new range of fully electric powered cars , which produce no carbon emissions , unlike hybrid vehicles such as the Toyota Prius , which uses a petrol - powered engine as well as an electric battery .
Nissan 's range of electric cars will include small , medium - sized and large saloon cars .
A Nissan spokeswoman would not disclose how much the Leaf would cost consumers , other than to say it would be similarly priced to other family - sized cars in the £ 10,000 - £ 15,000 bracket .
This excludes the cost of the electric battery , which drivers would have to buy at a cost of several thousands pounds , or lease for a monthly fee .
The Japanese carmaker announced last month that it had selected its Sunderland plant to make lithium - ion batteries for the European market at a new £ 200 m factory .
But the north - east plant is also bidding to make the cars .
The factory is up against plants in France , Spain and Portugal also owned by Nissan and its French partner Renault .
Nissan is in discussions with the British government about what financial support could be offered because the economics of making electric cars on a large scale are unproved .
The European Investment Bank has already offered the company a € 400 m ( £ 340 m ) loan to build environmentally friendly cars in Europe but this needs to be guaranteed by the government for the UK to get a slice of production .
Business secretary Lord Mandelson has assembled a £ 2.3 bn package of loan guarantees for the car industry but none have been extended yet , despite growing frustration from companies .
Nissan hopes that the Leaf will become the world 's first truly mass - market electric car .
Unlike its Japanese rival Toyota , which makes the hugely popular Prius , Nissan is focusing its energies and investment on " pure electric " cars .
Electric cars currently on the market have a niche appeal with motorists put off by their limited range , size and speed .
The tiny G - Wiz in Britain , for example , has been popular among commuters in large cities such as London , where it is exempt from the congestion charge .
But even the latest model has a speed limit of only 51 mph and a maximum range of 70 miles before it needs recharging , limiting its use .
High performance electric cars are prohibitively expensive .
Tesla Motors , maker of the Tesla Roadster , has spent years trying to get costs down to about $ 100,000 ( £ 60,000 ) for each sports car .
The Leaf car battery can be charged to 80 % capacity in about 20 minutes , compared with almost three and a half hours needed for the G - Wiz .
The first batch of cars , primarily for the Asian and North American markets , will be made in Japan and the US .
News in Science
New element for periodic table
Scientists around the world are celebrating the latest entry to the periodic table .
It is taken more than a decade for element 112 , the biggest and heaviest atom yet , to be officially recognised .
Now the scientific world is eager to find out who will have the honour of having the newest element named after them .
Dr John Kalman , a senior lecturer in chemistry at the University of Technology , Sydney , says the periodic table can now be redrawn with an extra name .
" The joint working party has now accepted the proof that this element does exist and now people have the opportunity to actually name it , " says Kalman .
He says it has taken a decade for a scientific team based in Germany to get element 112 approved by authorities .
" They first detected this element in the late 1990s and it's only now that sufficient evidence has been accumulated by repeating experiments and so on , and doing new experiments , that it 's become totally convincing , " he says .
Heaviest addition
The new element muscles in at 227 times the atomic weight of hydrogen , making it the heaviest addition to the periodic table .
Dr Michael Hotchkis , a nuclear scientist with the Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation ( ANSTO ) says the advanced technology used to make element 112 is of real practical interest .
" We use accelerators at ANSTO for the detection of signatures of nuclear activities , " he says .
" It 's using technology which is not so far removed from the technology that 's used for the discovery of these new elements . "
Hotchkis suggests the discoverers delve deep for name inspiration .
" I would like to nominate the ancient Greek philosopher , Empepedocles , " he says .
" He suggested fire , water , earth , and air .
It was the beginnings of science as we know it now and the beginnings of chemistry of understanding the constituents of matter .
" In the last few years , with the discovery of 10 or 12 elements since the 1940s , the people and places have already been acknowledged ; for example , Einsteinian , Californian , Darmstadtium , so maybe we could look further back to ancient Greece . "
Scientists will have to wait until the end of the year to find out who has been bestowed the honour of ending up on the wall chart of every science classroom .
And as the song goes , who knows when more elements will be uncovered ?
" These are the only ones of which the news has come to Harvard ; and there may be many others , but they have n't been discovered . "
The F - 22 fighters were originally designed in the 1980s The US Senate has voted to end funding for the F - 22 fighter jet programme .
The vote was welcomed by US President Barack Obama , who had made cutting the programme the centrepiece of his defence budget .
The move was opposed by some lawmakers , who feared it would lead to job cuts .
Our correspondent says it represents a small victory for the US president .
Mr Obama argued F - 22 jets , designed in the 1980s for use against an enemy with an air force , were no longer useful .
" I 'm grateful that the Senate just voted against an additional $ 1.75 bn to buy F - 22 fighter jets that military experts and members of both parties say we do not need , " Mr Obama said after Tuesday 's vote .
The $ 1.75 bn ( £ 1.1 bn ) would have funded the construction of seven extra F - 22 fighters , in addition to the 187 jets already being built .
Veto threat Both parties were split on the issue , with some Republicans - including Senator John McCain - siding with Mr Obama against the programme .
Mr McCain said the vote to cut funding for the jets was " probably the most impactful amendment that I have seen in this body on almost any issue " .
Lawmakers reported an intense lobbying effort by the White House , which was keen to avoid an embarrassing defeat .
Mr Obama had threatened to use his presidential veto if the vote had gone against him .
" I 've never seen the White House lobby like they 've lobbied on this issue , " said Republican Senator Saxby Chambliss .
The president 's advisers have expressed great exasperation that Congress has allowed billions of dollars to be spent on weapons systems that neither the White House nor the military actually want , says the BBC's Adam Brookes in Washington .
On Monday , Defence Secretary Robert Gates announced plans to add 22,000 extra troops to the US army for the next three years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Immigrants who take part in protests against British troops could be denied citizenship of this country under controversial new Home Office rules .
The Home Secretary , Alan Johnson , will launch a consultation tomorrow on a new points - based system for would - be migrants according to their behaviour , as well as skills and qualifications .
Mr Johnson , writing in the News of the World , said : " Bad behaviour will be penalised , and only those with enough points will earn the right to a British passport . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
While he did not explicitly point to those who take part in anti-war demonstrations , the newspaper reported that this would be included in examples of " bad behaviour " .
But there was confusion over the policy last night , as the Home Office appeared to backtrack on whether protesters would be penalised .
An aide to Mr Johnson said the Home Office was consulting on what constituted bad behaviour , but refused to comment on the issue of protesters .
Earlier this year , troops on a homecoming march in Luton were jeered by Muslim protesters carrying placards that read " Butchers " and " Animals " .
However , there was no suggestion that the protesters were , in fact , immigrants , so the alleged rules would not apply in any case .
While inciting hatred is a crime , the suggestion that taking part in an anti-war protest could be a bar to a British passport would be highly controversial and draw accusations of pandering to the right .
The new rules would also see the period for which foreigners have to work in the UK before becoming eligible for citizenship doubling from five to 10 years .
Applicants from outside the EU are already subject to a points - based system that covers skills , but the tougher rules would sever the " link between temporary work and becoming a permanent UK citizen " , Mr Johnson wrote .
" Already we require that people earn the right to become citizens by paying taxes , speaking English and obeying the law , " Mr Johnson added .
" Tomorrow I will go even further , unveiling my new citizenship proposals which will require that people earn points for , among other things , their skills , their job and their qualifications . "
As Mr Johnson risked charges of playing tough on immigration , the Foreign Secretary , David Miliband , stoked the row over the Conservative Party 's new alliance with the far right in Europe .
Mr Miliband issued a thinly veiled attack on a Polish politician accused of anti-Semitism .
The Foreign Secretary said David Cameron 's decision to support Michal Kaminski as leader of the Tories ' new Euro - grouping had provoked " real cause for concern " among Britain 's Jewish community .
Mr Kaminski , a member of the far - right Polish Law and Justice Party , has denied claims that he opposed an apology by his countrymen in 2001 for the massacre of hundreds of Jews in Jedwabne in July 1941 .
The Foreign Secretary , the son of Jewish refugees of the Holocaust , said : " David Cameron has shown little appetite for tough decisions in his career to date .
On this rare occasion , he has decided to expend some serious political capital .
And on what ?
On supporting a man like Michal Kaminski for a position of influence in the European Parliament over a moderate and loyal member of his own party .
" It has given key communities in Britain real cause for concern .
Against the best advice of foreign leaders and British business , he drove the Tories out of the mainstream and into the right - wing margins of Europe .
This reversion to the right - wing extremes of his own party should give people a strong sense of what both he and his party believe in , and it has nothing to do with the best interests of Britain . "
Mr Kaminksi has insisted he is not anti-Semitic , and claims he has spent " a lifetime of work supporting Israel and the Jewish community in Poland " .
Next to the infamous Squat - hole toilets of Asia and southern France , the German Poo -Shelf Toilet is undoubtedly one of the least pleasant methods of waste removal – assuming you ’re like most folks and do n’t feel the need to get to know your waste .
It finds itself here in western Poland because this region was once part of Germany until the Germans got all riled up and tried to take over the world .
They ’re better now , but the legacy of their doody - tech remains .
The Poo -Shelf comes from a period in German history when Germans were less interested in world domination and apparently more interested in spending quality time with their feces .
That , or they were prone to accidentally eating their wedding rings and needed a toilet that allowed them to conveniently rummage through their dung before dispatching it to the abyss .
Those must have been fascinating times and I ’m quite glad I was n’t born in them .
I do n’t know how many such devices are in existence .
Perhaps they ’re quite rare and I was simply lucky to stumble upon such a specimen .
All I know is that upon encountering the German Poo -Shelf Toilet , one is forced to solemnly contemplate the reason such a horrible mechanism exists , and what demon designed such a thing .
Rather than whisking your waste away , the GPST simply lets it sit there , mere centimeters from your rump , so that you might think about the brief time you had together .
When you ’re done reminiscing – or when the odor of a pile of poop begins to negatively affect the ambiance of your bathroom – you simply pull up on the flushing mechanism to send your creation on to the Great Beyond .
However , if the flushing mechanism does n’t work – well , you ’re on your own with a shelf full of poo and a toilet designed so as to render the plunger useless .
Good luck and God bless .
It should also be noted that any gentleman who chooses to stand up and use the German Poo -Shelf Toilet for the purpose of bladder - emptying can be expected to enjoy as much splash - back as one might get from say , peeing on a coffee table .
The toilet , in all aspects aside from cigarette butt and chewing gum disposal , is utterly useless .
Those who believe in intelligent life in outer space often say that any culture advanced enough to achieve space travel would probably not make themselves known to us until we too have reached a certain level of civilization .
I take that to mean the elimination of war , and every German Poo Shelf toilet currently in existence .
Although stopping warfare is a tall order at the moment , I encourage every able - bodied soul to grab a sledgehammer , get to Germany , and start swinging .
Mozart left more than 600 pieces of music before his death at 35
Two newly discovered pieces of music written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart as a child have been performed in the Austrian city of his birth , Salzburg .
The piano pieces had long been in the archive of the International Mozarteum Foundation but only recently were they identified as compositions by Mozart .
The music was played on Mozart 's own piano at a house where he lived from 1773 - 1780 , and which is now a museum .
Posthumous discoveries of Mozart works are rare but not unknown .
In January , a piece by Mozart that had lain undiscovered in a French library for years had its first performance .
The two new pieces are the first movement of the concerto in G , molto allegro , and a prelude in G .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
They were discovered in a collection of music compiled by Mozart 's father , Leopold .
They were unsigned - but now researchers have identified them as works by Mozart himself - written when he was just seven or eight years old .
Mozart wrote more than 600 known pieces of music before his death in 1791 at the age of 35 .
He began composing at the age of five and his works include operas , chamber music , choral pieces and piano concertos .
An official at the International Mozarteum Foundation told the Associated Press news agency that the compositions to be played on Sunday were " substantial pieces " composed before Mozart 's 10th birthday .
Warning :
If you are under 18 you should ask your parents if you can view this site .
A real life photo .
One moment you are late for work and you drive across the train tracks knowing that you can beat the train ...
The next moment you are thrown into a lake of fire where you live in torment for eternity .
Meet your new slave master .
Take a good look .
You may spend eternity with this man .
Read these pages if you want to learn more about hell and its alternative .
NEXT PAGE >
My firm is an intimate boutique law firm that offers personalized service to all prospective clients .
Because I focus exclusively on personal injury cases , I am extremely familiar with Florida law concerning this field as well as the court systems which process these cases .
I am a member of the California Bar as well as the Florida Bar and the Florida Justice Association .
Prior to opening my own law firm , I worked for 3 different firms and have been practicing since 2001 .
I also practice PIP ( personal injury protection ) litigation wherein I represent the injured and medical providers to make sure the PIP insurance companies pay the medical bills of the injured person as they are treated .
This is an important aspect of personal injury law that not all injury lawyers practice .
Condoms are still necessary to stop the spread of HIV Circumcising men who already have HIV does not protect their female partners from the virus , a study in Uganda has found .
Circumcision is known to protect men from acquiring HIV .
But the research , from the Lancet , showed no benefit in those who already had the virus and was stopped early because of the continued risk to women .
Experts say HIV - positive men should still be offered circumcision , but also warned to use condoms .
The US researchers , from Johns Hopkins School of Public Health in Baltimore , say not offering the procedure to men with HIV would stigmatise them .
Other experts say it could become a " sign " of whether a man was HIV positive or not .
Healing Previous research had suggested women could be protected from HIV if their partner was circumcised .
In this study , 922 uncircumcised , HIV - infected , asymptomatic men aged 15 - 49 years with HIV were enrolled in the Rakai district of Uganda .
Men were then selected to have immediate circumcision ( 474 men ) or to be given circumcision after two years ( 448 men ) .
Almost 170 uninfected female partners of the men were also enrolled , and followed up at six , 12 , and 24 months .
However , the trial was ended early because of what the researchers called the " futility " of carrying on , and the second group were not circumcised .
Only 92 couples in the immediate circumcision group and 67 in the control group were included in the final analysis .
It was found that a higher proportion of women were infected with HIV in the intervention group ( 18 % ) versus the control group ( 12 % ) .
The researchers suggest the higher transmission rate could have been due to couples resuming their sex lives before the circumcision would have properly healed .
Abstinence Writing in the Lancet , the team led by Dr Maria Wawer said : " Circumcision of HIV - infected men did not reduce HIV transmission to female partners over 24 months ; longer - term effects could not be assessed . "
They said it was not sensible to recommend men with HIV should not be circumcised , or that there should be any down - scaling of circumcision programmes , because of the overall benefits to both uninfected men and to women .
But they added : " It 's inevitable that men who are infected with HIV will also require to be circumcised , partly to avoid stigmatisation .
" The findings suggest that strict adherence to sexual abstinence during wound healing , and continuous condom use thereafter must be strongly promoted when HIV - infected men receive circumcision . "
They suggest a solution would be to circumcise as early as possible .
" Circumcising infants and young boys before their sexual debut would mitigate the challenge of male circumcision in HIV - infected men .
" However , this strategy would require careful consideration of issues relating to parental consent and the minor 's consent . "
In an editorial in the journal , a team from the University of Washington in Seattle , led by Dr Jared Baeten said the findings should not " hinder " the use of circumcision in HIV prevention programmes .
Victoria Sheard of the UK's Terrence Higgins Trust , said : " Circumcision is most often used as an HIV prevention tool in the developing world , where it can be difficult to get hold of condoms .
" However , it should n't be seen as a stand - alone strategy .
" Women are disproportionately affected by HIV in sub-Saharan Africa , and - as this study shows - will still be at risk whether their partners are circumcised or not .
" The best way to guard against HIV is by always using a condom , so more work is needed to ensure adequate protection is available for those who need it the most . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Some guy went and built his son an AT - AT themed bunk bed .
And by themed I mean it 's actually an AT - AT .
It almost makes me wish I had had a custom bunk bed growing up .
But sleeping in the garage clutching a gas can builds character , right ?
THEN WHY AM I STILL ONLY A LEVEL 2 BLOGGER ?!
Dad Builds Imperial Walker Bed for Himself His Son [ gizmodo ]
The goal of this blog is to help you hold your own in political discussions -- especially when the other guy 's fighting dirty .
Some dirty tricks are obvious , others are subtle .
But even when they 're blatant it can be hard to know what to say .
I 'll help .
I lean Democrat myself , but I 'm as against Democrats using underhanded tactics as I am against Republicans doing so .
Fair is fair , and this blog aims to help anyone who shares this belief .
This is really more of what we'd expect out of some slightly deranged basement hacker , not a company like ECS at a major tradeshow , but we 'll take any entrants in the burgeoning " nettop in a vase " space we can get .
To be serious for a moment , this is actually a pretty interesting illustration of the future afforded by small , low - power components : ECS has stuffed a full Intel Atom 230 system , including NVIDA ION graphics , 1GB of RAM , a 2.5 - inch HDD and a Blu-ray drive into what looks like a family heirloom .
There 's even room for a couple USB ports , Ethernet and HDMI plugs on the bottom , which keeps the main body uninterrupted other than the tray - loading drive .
Basically , we 're floored .
( Vielleicht machen Sie sich einfach den Spaß und denken beim Lesen dieses Eintrages daran , wie sehr die Verlage die vermeintliche „ Kostenlos - Kultur “ im Internet verfluchen , und fragen sich , für welche der journalistischen Leistungen , die Ihnen gleich begegnen , Sie bereit wären , Geld zu bezahlen , und sei es noch so wenig . )
Seit einigen Tagen zündet das „ Hamburger Abendblatt “ ein eindrucksvolles Wahl - Werbe - Feuerwerk für Ursula von der Leyen .
Es meldet , dass die Familienministerin eine mögliche Schweinegrippeimpfung von den Krankenkassen bezahlen lassen will .
Es berichtet ( gleich zweimal ) , dass die Familienministerin mehr Unterstützung für alleinerziehende Eltern fordert .
Es freut sich ( gleich zweimal ) , dass die Familienministerin Hamburgs Familienpolitik für „ vorbildlich “ hält .
Es meldet , dass die Familienministerin kritisiert , dass die Dienstwagenaffäre von Ulla Schmidt dem Ansehen der Politik schade ( was eine gewisse Ironie hat , wenn man nicht nur das „ Abendblatt “ liest ) .
Und es freut sich , dass die Familienministerin den Kampf gegen „ den Schmutz “ im Internet verstärken will .
Der Wortwechsel zwischen den „ Abendblatt “ - Redakteuren Jochen Gaugele und Maike Röttger und der Ministerin über die Säuberung des Internets ist ein Dokument journalistischer Arbeitsverweigerung .
Nicht nur , dass den
Text offenbar vor der Veröffentlichung niemand mehr gelesen hat .
Fast jede Frage ist in dem Bewusstsein formuliert , dass Fragesteller und Gefragte sich einig sind .
Die „ Abendblatt “ - Leute legen ihr einen Ball nach dem anderen vors
Tor , damit sie verwandeln kann .
Sie behelligen sie mit keinem einzigen Argument der Gegner der Netzsperren , die sogar ein ehemaliger Bundesverfassungsrichter für verfassungswidrig hält .
Sie fragen zum Beispiel auch nicht , ob die Anhänger der jungen „ Piratenpartei “ ein legitimes Anliegen haben .
Sie fragen , ob von der Leyen nicht die Sorge habe , dass auch Unions - Wähler sich davon angezogen fühlen können .
( Antwort : überhaupt nicht . )
Am Ende machen sie sich nicht einmal mehr die Mühe , eine echte Frage zu formulieren .
Die Piratenpartei hat den ehemaligen SPD - Politiker Jörg Tauss aufgenommen , der20 wegen [ sic ] des Besitzes von Kinderpornografie angeklagt ist .
Wie kommt Ihnen das vor ?
Ja , wie mag Frau von der Leyen das wohl vorkommen , als politische Gegnerin von Tauss , wenn schon die „ Abendblatt “ - Leute es offenkundig total daneben finden .
( Mal abgesehen davon , dass Tauss noch gar nicht angeklagt ist — vorher muss mindestens noch die Immunität des Bundestagsabgeordneten aufgehoben werden .
Aber wen kümmern so lästige Details des Rechtsstaates , wenn wir von ekligen Kinderschändern und ihren Verteidigern reden ? )
Noch bevor sie ihr Schmierenstück im eigenen Online - Auftritt veröffentlichten , reichten die „ Abendblatt “ - Leute es an die Nachrichtenagentur dpa weiter , die prompt daraus eine Meldung mit dem Titel „ Von der Leyen will gegen rechte Inhalte vorgehen “ machte .
Diese Überschrift ist in jeder Hinsicht überraschend , denn Frau von der Leyen hatte gegenüber dem „ Abendblatt “ nichts dergleichen gesagt .
Die entscheidende Stelle lautet :
abendblatt.de : Sie argumentieren , Grundregeln unserer Gesellschaft müssten online wie offline gelten .
Warum sperren
Sie dann nicht auch Internetseiten , die Nazipropaganda verbreiten oder Gewalt gegen Frauen verherrlichen ?
Von der Leyen :
Mir geht es jetzt um den Kampf gegen die ungehinderte Verbreitung von Bildern vergewaltigter Kinder .
Der Straftatbestand Kinderpornografie ist klar abgrenzbar .20
Doch [ sic ] wir werden weiter Diskussionen führen , wie wir Meinungsfreiheit , Demokratie und Menschenwürde im Internet im richtigen Maß erhalten .
Sonst droht das großar tige [ sic ]
Internet ein rechtsfreier Chaosraum zu werden , in dem man hemmungslos mobben , beleidigen und betrügen kann .
Wo die Würde eines anderen verletzt wird , endet die eigene Freiheit .
Welche Schritte für den Schutz dieser Grenzen notwendig sind , ist Teil einer unverzichtbaren Debatte , um die die Gesellschaft nicht herumkommt .
Was Frau von der Leyen fordert , ist eine Debatte .
Von „ Nazipropaganda “ spricht allein das „ Abendblatt “ .
Die dpa-Schlagzeile „ Von der Leyen will gegen rechte Inhalte vorgehen “ ist durch das Interview nicht gedeckt .
Sie ist nicht einmal durch die Agenturmeldung selbst gedeckt .
An keiner Stelle nimmt der dpa-Text jenseits der Überschrift auch nur Bezug auf „ rechte Inhalte “ .
Der erste Satz zum Beispiel lautet :
Nach der Sperrung kinderpornografischer Seiten will Bundesfamilienministerin Ursula von der Leyen ( CDU ) gegen weitere rechtswidrige Inhalte im Internet vorgehen .
„ Rechtswidrige “ — vielleicht .
„ Rechte “ — keine Rede .
Das ist schon ein außerordentlich grober Schnitzer für eine Nachrichtenagentur .
Aber können wir bitte auch endlich über die unsägliche Praxis reden , dass es genügt , dass irgendein Medium eine E - Mail mit angeblichen Vorabinformationen an eine Nachrichtenagentur schickt , um sämtliche die wenigen verbliebenen Prüfmaßstäbe außer Kraft zu setzen ?
Ich meine , ein Blatt wie „ Die Aktuelle “ , das sich nicht schämt , über einen Menschen auf seinen Titel zu schreiben , er habe sich „ zum Sterben in die Berge “ zurückgezogen , ein Blatt , das , wenn es nicht auf Papier , sondern im Internet erschiene , Frau von der Leyen und ihren Freunden vom „ Abendblatt “ sofort als Beweis für die Notwendigkeit einer Schmutz - Säuberung diente , ein solches Blatt teilt dpa mit , was es herausgefunden hat , und dpa bringt das dann unters Volk .
Anderes Beispiel : „ Die Welt “ tut so , als habe sie exklusiven Zugriff auf eine EU - Studie über Arbeitszeiten , und dpa , Reuters , epd , AP verbreiten die einseitige „ Welt “ - Interpretation , ohne die zehn Minuten zu investieren , die es dauern würde , sich bei der Quelle selbst zu informieren und ein eigenes Bild zu verschaffen .
Und diese ungeprüften Agenturmeldungen werden dann wieder ungeprüft weiterverbreitet .
Und nicht nur von all den Online - Medien , bei denen das automatisch passiert .
Unter dem „ Spiegel Online “ - Artikel über die Arbeitszeiten - Studie stehen nicht weniger als drei Agenturkürzel .
Der Mitarbeiter hat sich richtig Mühe gegeben , seinen
Text aus mehreren Quellen zusammenzusetzen — Quellen , die alle auf derselben einseitigen Interpretation durch die „ Welt “ beruhen .
Den Weg zur Quelle suchte er nicht — so wenig wie seine Kollegen von „ Focus Online “ und viele andere .
Noch einmal : Er bräuchte dazu keine Kontakte nach Brüssel .
Er braucht nur eine Suchmaschine und Englischkenntnisse und ein kleines bisschen Zeit und einen Widerwillen gegen unnötiges Abschreiben .
Aber zurück zur Internetgeschichte vom „ Abendblatt “ und Frau von der Leyen .
Obwohl einem Redakteur schon bei einer flüchtigen Prüfung auffallen müsste , dass die dpa-Überschrift nicht von der dpa-Meldung gedeckt ist , tauchte die grenzwertige Meldung mit der Falschüberschrift zum Beispiel bei „ Focus Online “ auf .
Heute Nachmittag hatte die Agentur dann endlich ihre Hausaufgaben gemacht — vielleicht hat sich auch nur das Familienministerium selbst gemeldet , um auf den Irrtum hinzuweisen – , jedenfalls brachte dpa um 15:23 Uhr eine Art Korrektur mit dem Titel :
Ministerium : Von der Leyen nicht für mehr Internetsperren
Und damit kommen wir zum erwartbaren , vorläufigen Ende dieses Trauerspiels mit vielen Beteiligten .
Denn die Leute von „ Focus Online “ bringen zwar nun die neue richtige dpa-Meldung statt der alten falschen , aber weisen natürlich an keiner Stelle darauf hin , dass sie selbst mehrere Stunden lang das Gegenteil dessen behauptet hatten , was sie jetzt behaupten .
Die alte Adresse ( http://www.focus.de/…/familie-von-der-leyen-will-gegen-rechte-inhalte-vorgehen…) leitet einfach auf die neue um ( http://www.focus.de/…/familie-ministerium-von-der-leyen-nicht-fuer-weitere-sperren…)
Auch bei „ Focus Online “ werden nicht einmal die elementarsten Regeln für einen transparenten Umgang mit Korrekturen eingehalten .
Darüber müssen wir endlich reden — über Mindeststandards beim Recherchieren und Korrigieren .
Und dann können wir gerne über neue Bezahlmodelle reden .
Die Leistung , die die beteiligten Medien am Sonntag wieder zeigten , ist selbst umsonst noch zu teuer .
( Kunstpause . )
Und während all diese vermeintlich professionellen Journalisten mit Nichtnachdenken und Nichtrecherchieren beschäftigt waren , hat der Rechtsanwalt Udo Vetter in seinem Lawblog diese fundierte Analyse der tatsächlichen Äußerungen von der Leyens veröffentlicht .
You may be thinking , with the recently announced PSP Go , how will I be able to play my previous UMD games ?
Well , you can keep your old PSP , or you can listen to what John Koller has to say .
What ’s said might just peak your interest .
When asked how current owners of the PSP will be able to play their collection of UMD games , John Koller responded with :
“ We ’re in the midst of putting together a good will program .
We ’ll be unveiling that soon [ because ] we actually think there ’s a significant group that will be upgrading from the 1000 …
In the past , we ’ve seen a 20 - 25 % trade - up factor , and I assume that ’s going to be the case here .
We ’ve modeled that .
So we ’re looking at a good - will program — a short term good - will program that would continue for years afterward . ”
Koller also explained how this would be done , and compared it to Portable Copy ( which allows you to rip and convert Blu - Ray movies on your PS3 or PSP ) .
But , Koller did confirm that they will not be doing UMD ripping .
Instead , you can expect a PSN - based digital distribution system , in which you can sign up for .
The most interesting part of this whole thing is that Portable Copy is free .
It might be possible that Sony will offer this new system for free , but of course , there is no confirmation .
And to add , the system may not apply to every PSP title out there , just the important ones .
Stay tuned on PlayStation LifeStyle for more on the PSP Go , and other PSP related news .
[ Source ]
Musing and Rambling Sometimes I muse and I ramble because I can ...
I muse about life and things that matter to me ...
Please Donate or Subscribe …
Your donations or subscriptions help keep my freelance writing and photography here online .
Thank you in advance for your support .
~ Pamela Leavey
Categories Categories Select Category A Course In Miracles Abundance Prosperity Academic Essays Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Aromatherapy Art Authors Beaches Birds Boats Books Literature Buddhism Business Change Communication Compassion Creative Non-Fiction Memoir Nature Writing Creative Writing Creativity Daily Affirmations Affirmations Daily Inspirations Dalai Lama Dark Nights Of The Soul Deer Depression Digital Communication East Coast Economy Empath Entertainment TV Essays Facebook Fall Family Farms Fashion Feminism Women Women ’s Studies Fiction Historical Fiction Film Film Review Movies Flowers Food Recipes Food For Thought Friendship From My Journal Garden Gardening Go With the Flow Goddess Great Mother Goddess Mother Nature Grace Grand Adventure Graphic Design Gratitude Gratitude Matters Grief Happiness Joy Health & Wellness Quick Fitness Tip History Holidays I Am Abundant I Am Awesome In The Moment Inspiration Intent Intent Makes Manifest J. Krishnamurti John Trudell Landscape Life Los Angeles Love Maine Eastport Massachusetts Amesbury Point Shore Newburyport Plum Island Maudslay State Park Meditation Memes Merrimack River On The River Mid-Life Crisis Adventure Music Blues Jazz Late Night Blues Lyrics Rock Sunday Night Jazz Musings My Evening Sky My Life Is Rich My Writing Life Namaste National Wildlife Refuge Parker River On The Parker River Path Nature News Ocean Of The Goddess Ltd. On Writing Opinion Pamela Leavey Photography Visual Storytelling Poetry Prose Spoken Word Politics Political Public Policy Quotes Quote of the Day Ramblings Reflections Relationships Research Project Salt Pannes Secret Garden Small Business Social Issues Social Media Social Media Marketing Spiritual Spring Summer Sunset Technology To Be Empowered Travel Trees UMass Amherst University Without Walls Urban Garden Walking Weather Web Design Wildlife Winter WordPress Word Press Development Writing Writer Writers on Writing Yoga Zen
Phil Plait of Discover 's Bad Astronomy likens the event to the " fist of an angry god " messing up Saturn 's F ring .
He also raises the question of whether mystery object X has a truly bizarre orbit around the planet which takes it up and down through the rings , or whether it's a wayward wanderer that was pulled in on collision course due to one of Saturn 's moons .
Music 's long struggle with the web has been well documented .
As consumers shifted from CDs to digital media , music labels , artists , and the RIAA have struggled with how to cope .
While some have decided to sue consumers for $ 22,500 per song , others have found ways to embrace the web .
Now Microsoft's Director of Consumer and Online in the UK predicts that the same turmoil is going to hit the television industry in the next few years .
And unless the TV business " aggressively move its content online " and builds " a critical mass of content that the traditional buyers of airtime will understand and buy into , " they will face an " iTunes moment " where their online business becomes dependent on Apple .
According to The Guardian , Microsoft 's Ashley Highfield believes that TV execs have just two or three years to adapt or be thrown into chaos the music industry is currently experiencing :
" So realistically I think the industry has about two to three years to adapt or face its iTunes moment .
And it will take at least that long for media brands to build credible , truly digital brands .
But , importantly , I do believe TV does have a small two to three year window in which to respond . "
More than anything , Mr. Highfield believes that TV needs to find ways to generate significant revenue from online video and to make it easy for advertisers to buy ads in bulk for online TV .
He also strongly suggested that the TV industry aggressively move its content online , on its own terms .
It 's interesting that it is a Microsoft exec making these suggestions and mentioning Apple as the online enemy of the TV industry .
We can see his logic though : you do n't want one company to dominate online sales like Apple does with music in the iTunes store .
The music industry 's been between a rock and a hard place for a long time now .
However , we think there are a lot of flaws to Highfield 's logic .
TV does n't make its revenues based on sales , as the music industry does , but by advertising - something that is both effective and measurable on the web .
We 've also seen TV more readily embrace the web successfully , most notably with Hulu .
So yes , TV needs to embrace the online world or suffer losing control over its content distribution .
However , the television industry is already light years ahead of the recording industry in that regard .
Post written by Leo Babauta .
Follow me on Twitter .
I ’ve declared independence from email .
After more than 15 years of dealing with email , of checking email multiple times a day , of responding over and over throughout the day , of deleting spam and unsubscribing from newsletters and unwanted notices , of filtering out messages and notifications , of deleting those dumb forwarded jokes and chain mails …
I ’m done .
It feels so good to say those words !
It ’s so liberating to break free from my inbox !
I ’m done , because email takes up too much of my time .
I ’m done , because I do n’t like being at the mercy of every incoming request , because I would rather spend my free time creating than replying to emails .
I could go much further into explanations , but I think you get the point .
I ’ll let others argue the point for me — a number of people have talked about and experimented with killing email … here are just a handful :
How I Ditched My Email Inbox
I ’m actually experimenting with this over the next couple of weeks , phasing out email instead of ditching the inbox immediately .
But the transition has already started , and I think by the end of today , I ’ll be able to stop checking email entirely , or once a week at most .
Here ’s what I ’m doing :
1 . I ’ve set up an autoresponder for my email that explains what I ’m doing and how to contact me and for what reasons .
I know , I hate autoresponders too , but I ’m hoping people will get tired of seeing the autoresponder and stop sending me emails .
I ’m curious what will happen if someone sends me a vacation autoresponder , and then my autoresponder goes back to them , and theirs goes back to me , and so on for infinity .
Anyway , I ’ve set up a filter with a few keywords so those who want to advertise or do a few specific things can still get through to my inbox .
I ’ll discuss those below .
2. Twitter will be my main form of communication .
I know , not everyone uses Twitter , but the people I communicate with the most are ( mostly ) on Twitter .
What I love about Twitter is that it ’s very limited ( 140 characters ) , so you have to keep things brief , and also there is n’t the expectation that you ’ll respond to every message , as there is in email .
Friends can DM me on Twitter for personal communication .
3 . For longer conversations , there ’s IM or Skype chats .
These will be required to be scheduled , and are for friends , interviews or close colleagues only — you ’ll have to DM me on Twitter , and we ’ll set up a 10 - minute chat .
I wo n’t schedule too many of these ( like one per day at the most , probably ) and again they ’ll be limited to 10 minutes .
This is much more effective than email for complex discussions .
4 . For collaboration , I ’ll use Google Docs and / or wikis .
I ’m looking into whether wikis are necessary or desirable .
It might be that I just use Google Docs , which have worked great for me so far .
Still , maybe a wiki would be good for holding an entire project together .
At any rate , collaborative online software is much more effective for working on a project with others than email is .
5. Friends and family can call me .
Especially if they do n’t use Twitter .
They already do , actually , so email is n’t absolutely necessary .
The phone is better for personal communication anyway .
6 . A few types of emails will get through for now .
My filters allow emails for advertisers , interviews , refunds , and people who want to hire me , to get through to my inbox .
I ’ll be checking this once in awhile ( every 2 - 3 days ) , but I ’m working on automating these processes via the web — people would get a link to schedule an interview with me , or a page to buy an ad , or do a refund , etc .
This will eliminate the need for these emails .
I think this will work , but we ’ll see .
It ’s possible that within a couple of weeks , I ’ll return to email .
I ’m always willing to experiment , to try new things , to find the method of working and living that works best for me .
Will it work for you ?
Perhaps not .
If you get a lot out of using email , do n’t stop just because I am .
Do what works for you — as for me , I ’ll be focusing more on creating , and less on processing .
Frequently Asked Questions
A few questions I ’ve been getting so far :
Q : Why so extreme ?
Why not just filter and check email less often ?
A : I ’ve tried a number of tactics with email , including extreme filtering .
For awhile I set up a special email address for friends and family and close colleagues , and everything else was shunted into a special folder to be read less frequently .
It still took up too much of my time .
I do n’t check email as often as most people , but it was still a chore I have been enjoying less and less .
So I decided to try something different .
Q. Why not just get a Virtual Assistant ?
A. I actually had one for awhile , and it worked fine , but inevitably there are emails I need to respond to .
I ’m going to try this and I really think it ’ll be easier .
Q. Wo n’t you lose your connection with your readers ?
A. Maybe a little , but to be honest , email has n’t been my favorite way of connecting with readers for awhile now .
I much prefer the comments section here on Zen Habits , as well as Twitter .
I love connecting with readers , but there has to be a balance between connecting and creating , and I have to find a way of living that works for me .
Q. I could n’t do it — it ’s required for my business .
A. Possibly , and I ’m not saying you should .
I really think all businesses could rethink their use of email , and use it less .
There are better solutions for collaborating , for scheduling meetings or events , for getting group decisions , for managing group tasks , and so on .
But people will do that when they decide email is n’t working for them as it should .
Q. What about friends and family ?
A . They know how to get ahold of me .
I much prefer the phone as a form of personal communication anyway .
Those who want to send me messages can get on Twitter , which they should have done by now anyway , the dorks .
Q. Wo n’t you lose customers ?
A . It ’s possible .
I really think people who want to get in touch with me will — I ’ve provided a way to do that .
If that does n’t work for some people , it ’s something I ’ll live with .
I ca n’t live my life dictated by trying to find what works for every single person .
Q. Is Twitter really any better than email ?
Wo n’t it just be another inbox ?
A. I ’ve found that I do n’t need to check Twitter as often , or spend as long processing it .
It ’s not an always - connected , always - communicating tool that some people think it is — you can choose when and what to process , and only do it 1 - 2 times a day if you like , scanning your messages and not necessarily replying unless you feel the need to do so .
It will be another inbox , but not as tyrannical as email .
I ’m pretty sure there will be other objections , or people scoffing at this , but really , if it works for me , why not do it ?
And if it does n’t work , I ’ll switch back .
This episode of Recovery is brought to you by a city full of nerds prepping for the Seattle Zombie Walk , because your Rain City geeks are all about the BRAAAAAINS and their undead data centers , and by frequent Betanews commenter PC_Tool , who said something in a comment that got me thinking .
I wrote earlier this week about an essay by Richard Posner that suggested that what the media needs to survive in the era of the Internet is a ban on linking , excerpting and such .
Conversations about business models and copyright belong with Lockdown , and we 're still talking about them in the comments section there this morning .
But there are some things no one talks about concerning the old - line media , and here in the friendly confines of Recovery , I thought I 'd go ahead and say them , because they may confirm what you 've suspected all along :
The mainstream news industry dug itself this hole by not staying smart , humble , hungry and focused , and now it blames the geeks .
Advertisement
Some of the incurious double - digit - IQ nonsense I 've heard in the newsrooms of old - line mainstream publications would make the average geek bite a mousepad in half .
Frankly , a lot of people with journalism degrees are the last people who ought to become journalists .
The idea of journalism as a white - collar profession , rather than a grubby old trade , is only a few decades old .
As the profession became a more attractive line of work to the children of the middle and upper classes ( because like the song says , there 's only so much you can do with a BA in English ) , its practitioners wanted to retain some shred of elevated class identity , as they would have if they 'd gone into medicine or the law .
The job of journalism became less a matter of scrap and skill and shoe leather and more about one 's educational ( and , to some extent , cultural ) bona fides .
One of the side effects of that was a change in college curricula to make journalism an actual pre-professional major , on alleged par with pre-law or pre-med .
Suddenly you became a journalist by getting trained in journalism , as opposed to being trained in science or economics or business or statistics or any of those things journalists write about .
That trend accelerated in the wake of Watergate , when it really did seem for a bit like you could save the world ( and get famous and have movies made about you starring Robert Redford ! ) by going into the journalism business .
So now you have a whole bunch of people trained " as journalists " -- they know how to write headlines , they know how to conduct interviews , they own a copy of the AP Stylebook -- and holding a self - important belief that their education has given them a " profession " rather than a set of skills that could easily have been learned on the job .
What they tend to lack , certainly at the beginning of their careers and often for a very long time after , is a necessarily deep understanding of the things they may be writing or interviewing about .
Reporters that really sink their teeth into a topic area often manage to triumph over their silly education , but that 's not how the system 's designed to work .
Instead , the " profession " of journalism is supposed to confer on its people the skill -- and necessity -- of hopping between beats and publications to get ahead .
This year you 're covering the courts , next year you 've jumped to the business section at a higher - profile paper in another town , five years from now with some seniority there you luck into the television - reviews beat .
Nothing at all wrong with learning new things , but the mainstream career path does n't lend itself to deep , sustained knowledge .
Compare that to the geekish life , where deep knowledge is major currency .
Let 's say you 're a security nerd today ; would you consider it a wise thing to absolutely turn your back on all that tomorrow and declare yourself the go - to guy on printing tech or HR or wiring ?
Do you feel that too much first - hand knowledge of your specialty and opinionated conversation with people involved in it might taint your ability to think clearly about matters ?
Do you think it 's somehow embarrassing to be passionately interested in a topic ?
No and no and no and no ?
Let me tell you , friend , you 'd have a pretty uncomfortable time around a lot of journalists , who would accuse you of going native , or worse .
( Mainstream journalists , that is .
On the tech side , we may jump publications -- or , more accurately , all sort of revolve amongst the publications available ; the joke among tech writers is that sooner or later every one of us works for everyone else -- but we try to build on expertise .
It 's one of the many , many things that causes large amounts of mutual contempt between mainstream journalists and us specialty - press types , but that 's a topic for another day . )
Meanwhile , while the profession of journalism was trying to get middle - class respectable , the era of family - owned local newspapers ( or regional chains ) was ending -- consolidation was at hand , and the era of the publicly - held publishing company .
This newspaper racket , in those days , was rather lucrative , but publishers were greedy bastards ; even back when profit margins for newspapers dwarfed those of just about any other sector , it was nothing but cuts and belt - tightening for the newsrooms .
That 's public ownership for you , by the way ; as the marvelous old fellow who owned that magazine of mine said many times , calculating a publication 's success in terms of quarterly stock earnings is a counterproductive and ultimately deadly .
( And that publication 's fortunes slid right to hell after he retired and his kids sold the company , but that too is a story for some other time . )
Anyway , publications -- newspapers especially -- started casting about for ways to save , and they turned to the wire services such as the Associated Press , United Press International , Reuters , and so forth .
Years before it had been a badge of honor for a writer to earn a position at such places ; a wire reporter was the very best of breed , tried and true , in whatever topic s/he covered .
As the profession changed , though , the wire services changed too , shifting from a best - of - breed model to a churn - and - learn approach , eating up young journalists at alarming rates ( and low pay , which meant the turnover was vicious ) .
The movement to keep younger ( cheaper ) journalists in newsrooms and shed the older ( more expensive ) ones likewise led to increasing brain drain on newspaper staffs ; you simply can't keep smart , experienced grownups around when you pay less than McDonald 's or Wal - Mart .
Newspapers started relying on the wires to augment their own newsrooms ... and then started cutting staff , figuring that many topics areas could be covered day - to - day with material " from the wire . "
That freed up staff in ever shrinking newsrooms , in theory to cover specific stories but in practice to do , always , more and more attention - getting ( not to be confused with better ) stories .
So you have these journalists , striving to make themselves a professional class and to earn honors for showy pieces of work , rather than the shoe - leather journalism of years past .
You have publishers pleading poverty and leaning ever harder on the wire services to cover a growing number of " out of the way " places and topics .
And you have wire services serving the same dishes to just about every newspaper out there .
Most publications turned into a sludge of in - house " signature " pieces padded out by wire copy that read much the same in every one of the hundreds of papers running it -- islands of high - profile , sometimes blatantly sensational pieces surrounded by the same commodified coverage you can get anywhere else .
So when publishers whine about Google News , they 're fussing about a system they themselves built -- because Google News , by virtue of the way the algorithms work , turns almost every so - called big story into a commodity , precisely because the newspapers themselves have homogenized their coverage .
A really orthogonal story is n't going to make the front page of Google News , because there are n't enough others like it to trip the circuit .
( I guarantee you that if I turn from this column and write the best news story in the history of the universe about , say , IETF RFC 4301 , there is precisely zero chance it'll hit Google News , because no one else is writing about it today .
That 's just how it goes . )
The lions of the old - line press , in other words , left themselves no structure for very focused journalism on any but a few high - profile topics .
Google News and its ilk pick up that trend and extend it to its logical end .
The blogs , meanwhile , take up the very sort of reportage newspapers have been saying they can't do ( ultra - focused journalism ) and wo n't do ( by writers who are primarily experts , not writers ) .
Most of us here probably have never relied less on mainstream news sources -- or more on highly focused specialty sites , blogs , and data feeds written by people who know a great deal and have first - hand experience with the things they 're writing about .
There 's a niche yet for sites like Betanews and people like me , who are generalists by virtue of not being actual IT folk or coders or governance wonks but have a knack for synthesizing data ( and have a huge well of experience with the industry to draw upon ) .
Such pubs are small and they will always struggle to make themselves known in the maelstrom , but we 're better off than the big mainstream books , because we provide a product that makes sense in the link - anywhere , drill - down era of modern news .
It 's a specialist world now -- figure out what interests you and focus on those topics via blogs and searches and feeds , rather than expecting any single generalist publication to be your gateway .
Good general reporting is a proper and necessary counterbalance to that , and it's a damn shame the old - line publications can't provide that more consistently , since that 's the evolutionary path they chose .
The most interesting task in online news right now is n't figuring out how to support an old business model and an old education model .
It 's figuring out how to support the big watchdog / investigative efforts -- the kinds of projects that made the reputation of newspapers in the late 1800s , made the reputations of the Blys and the Tarbells and the Lewisis and the Woodwards and the Bernsteins and all the eager idealists that followed in their path , and eventually ruined the thinking of awards - mad editors , publishers and writers who forgot what actually mattered to everyday readers in their everyday communities .
A lot of online journalists , professional and citizen , are figuring out ways of doing ( and funding ) those projects , but the era of those acting as tentpoles to otherwise denatured wire - service delivery devices is over .
And going forward , journalists are going to need to actually know stuff -- and care about it as much as their target audience does .
And now for something almost completely different :
The Park Bench has , for those among you seeking a geek chick as a partner , a guide to How to Meet and Woo a Nerdy Girl .
The comments may also be helpful to those of you pursuing this path , especially since they throw in some zombie - evasion information just in case .
A full - service blog , that Park Bench .
Let your geek flag fly and have a great weekend .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The foreclosure plague is not going away -- it 's only getting worse .
A record 1.53 million properties were in the foreclosure process -- default notices , auction sale notices and bank repossessions -- during the first six months of 2009 .
That was 9 % more than the previous six months and 15 % more than the same period of 2008 , according to a report released Thursday by RealtyTrac .
There were a total of 1.91 million filings resulting in 1 out of every 84 U.S. properties receiving at least one filing in the first half of the year .
Banks repossessed 386,800 properties .
" What this means is , despite the intensity of the efforts on the part of government and lenders we do n't have a handle on foreclosures yet , " said Rick Sharga , a spokesman for Realty Trac .
And , in a bad sign for a housing recovery , there was no recorded improvement in June , the last month of the cycle .
More than 336,000 homes reported foreclosure filings , the fourth straight 300,000 - plus month .
Filings were up 33 % over last June and nearly 5 % compared with May .
" Foreclosure activity continues to increase to record levels , " said James J. Saccacio , chief executive officer of RealtyTrac in a prepared statement .
" Unemployment - related foreclosures account for much of this increased activity , and the high number of borrowers who find themselves owing more on their mortgages than their homes ' are now worth represent a potentially significant future risk . "
It 's the economy
The biggest problem affecting foreclosure figures is the recession .
As job losses mount , more out - of - work borrowers are falling behind on payments .
And home prices are still falling , albeit at a slower rate , which by itself is enough to drive more homeowners into default .
The home - price drop means more homeowners are underwater on their mortgages , owing more than their home is worth .
That discourages some borrowers from repaying loans because they see it as a poor financial decision to keep paying on a declining asset .
Homeowners are apt to walk away from their mortgages once their home values fall 15 % below their mortgage balances , according to recent research reported by Paola Sapienza of the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University , and Luigi Zingales of the University of Chicago Booth School of Business .
They claim that at least 25 % of all mortgage defaults may be " strategic , " borrowers walking away from their homes because they 've lost so much value .
And in many of the areas hardest hit by foreclosure , home prices have fallen by 40 % or more .
Others , however , are working with their lenders , trying to get the terms of their loans modified so they can stay in their homes .
But that process has been slow and infuriating to many borrowers and community activists .
The Federal Housing Finance Agency , the government watchdog created to manage Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) , reported Wednesday that only 13,800 mortgages had been modified by Fannie / Freddie lenders in April .
That is down 12 % from March .
The stats did not include workouts arranged through the Home Affordable Modification Program , the administration 's foreclosure prevention effort that seems to be making very slow progress .
The program , which got up to speed in April , has resulted in 43,000 refinances and more than 325,000 offers to modify loans .
Another 160,000 have borrowers accepted and are currently in the process of restructuring .
But before these modifications can be recorded as final , the borrowers must make three months of on - time payments .
Another reason for the slow progress , according to a research paper released by the Federal Reserve of Boston , is that some banks have some sound financial reasons to drag their heels .
Many delinquent homeowners , for example , " self - cure , " that is , start paying again without assistance .
In a report issued last week , the Fed found that an estimated 30 % of all borrowers who miss two payments start repaying on their own .
If the lenders had modified these loans , the would have lost money unnecessarily .
A second reason , according to the report , is that so many modified loans re-default , with up to 50 % of all modified mortgages succumbing .
That costs the banks twice :
They bear the expenses of the initial workouts and they pay again to finish the foreclosures , including any additional missed payments .
And by postponing foreclosures , lenders absorb any subsequent housing value losses .
If the final repossessions are delayed a year , the lenders could be getting houses worth 10 % , 20 % or even 50 % less than they were at the point of the original default .
The banks would have been better off foreclosing then .
" We think these are very powerful forces [ acting against modification ] , " said Manuel Adelino , one of the authors of the report .
Where the pain is
The Sun Belt suffered more foreclosures than other region during the last six months .
California , with 391,611 filings , one for every 34 households , recorded more than any other state .
Nevada had the highest foreclosure rate with one for every 16 households .
Arizona , one for every 30 , and Florida , one for every 33 , were next .
Utah had the fifth highest rate at one for every 69 .
Midwestern industrial states did little better with Michigan recording one foreclosure for every 74 households , seventh among the states .
Illinois came in eighth with one for every 76 ; and Ohio , with one for every 86 , was twelfth .
Georgia , at one for every 70 households , and Idaho , one for every 79 , were sixth and ninth respectively .
Colorado , with one for every 80 , rounded out the top 10 .
$ 17 $ 14
These are difficult times for those who love freedom .
But they are nothing like what Mises faced during his life .
He prevailed , and his Memoirs explain how .
" How one carries on in the face of unavoidable catastrophe is a matter of temperament , " wrote Ludwig von Mises in his private memoir of his life in Europe .
It was true in his time and it is true in ours .
This new translation and edition of Mises ’s moving account of his life , published by the Mises Institute , provides not only deeply fascinating personal history ; it also functions as a moral and spiritual guide for any lover of liberty during times of despotism .
It was written during and after his immigration to the United States in 1940 .
Despite being driven from his home , seeing his country taken over by a foreign dictator , having his books burned and his papers stolen , and finally pushed out of the sanctuary he had for six years , he never lost determination and never doubted the truth of liberty .
" Again and again I had met with situations from which rational deliberation found no means of escape ; but then the unexpected intervened , and with it came salvation .
I would not lose courage even now .
I wanted to do everything an economist could do .
I would not tire in saying what I knew to be true . "
Mises wrote his memoirs and then promptly locked up the manuscript .
He had good reason .
Many of the politicians and intellectuals he exposed were still alive .
Much of the jaw - dropping detail had never been revealed .
He figured it would have to wait until after his death .
He was 59 - years old , and a political exile , first from Vienna ( fleeing the Nazi takeover ) and then from Geneva .
He had been camped out in Switzerland for six years , teaching and writing the masterpiece that would later become Human Action .
But he had been warned that some people wanted him turned in .
He had to find a new home .
Leaving Geneva , he and his wife Margit drove across France , just in front of the advancing German army .
They barely made it out .
There was no professorship waiting for him in the United States .
He had lost everything .
His library had been burned .
His papers were missing .
He had no money .
He would have to start over , writing and speaking in a new language .
Making this transition would require all his moral courage .
As he looked back over his life , he wrote the most moving , personal work ever to bear his name .
It is one of the most inspiring books ever written by an intellectual — and it happens to be by one of the greatest intellectuals of all time .
There is anger in this book but also inspiration .
What strikes the reader is how Mises never lost his focus on the battle of ideas .
The enemies in this book are bad ideas .
The answer , however , is not war or revolution or a new form of rule .
For him , the path to liberty is through the right ideas .
In this sense , this book is incredibly high minded , revealing his nobility and intellectual commitments to truth .
Mises writes about his time as an economic advisor to Austrian officials ; his battles against Bolshevism and the inflationism ; and his attempts to prevent New Deal — like policies in Europe .
He talks about his teaching and his seminar .
He discusses corrupt politicians and central bankers , and all the shills for statism in academia and the media .
He had almost single - handedly stopped a Bolshevik takeover , and stopped Austria from following Germany into the inflationist abyss .
And here he even writes of his one regret — that he compromised more than he should have !
The vault that held Mises ’s manuscript was n’t opened until after his death .
He died in 1973 .
A German translation appeared .
F.A. Hayek wrote the introduction .
Four years ago , we commissioned a new translation that preserves his idiom and precision .
The results are spectacular .
Mises ’s memoirs have come alive as never before .
With all the interest generated by the Mises biography that came out in 2008 , and with the current political trends in the United Stats , this is a perfect time to examine Mises ’s own autobiography .
Mises inspires us with his moral example .
He tells of his strategy and teaching methods .
" In my seminar , I seized every opportunity to refute popular errors . "
Truth is it own standard , he believed .
He talks of his private seminar and the culture it fostered .
" Outsiders knew nothing of our gatherings ; they saw only the published works of individual participants . "
They did n’t cultivate a sect or society ; rather they were " united in the desire to further the sciences of human action .
Each was free to go the way his own law guided him . "
He blasts the enemies of freedom .
Of the German Historical School he writes that it " did not produce a single thought .
It did not write a single page in the history of science .
For eighty years it eagerly propagandized for National Socialism . "
Further , its members were so unprincipled that " they would have become communists had the Bolshevists come to the fore . "
Finally , he admits to feelings of despair : " From time to time I entertained the hope that my writings would bear practical fruit and point policy in the right direction .
I set out to be a reformer , but only became the historian of decline . "
Even with such feelings , he never gave in .
He kept writing and teaching .
And what a glorious legacy he left !
In this prose , we have profound determination — moral determination .
It was n’t enough that he was a genius of a scientist , that he made earth - shattering contributions to economics , history , philosophy , and more .
What made the difference for him was character .
This is why Murray Rothbard wrote that he was not only a scholar but a hero , an example to us all .
We need more like him .
But in order to have that , his example needs to be there for everyone .
Guido Hlsmann writes the preface .
F.A. Hayek writes the introduction .
Arlene Oost - Zinner did the translation .
But the book itself is pure Mises , writing his deepest and most private thoughts , now available to the world as an example , a model , and an ideal .
146 Pages , Hardcover , 2009 , ISBN : 978-1-933550-26-8
This originally appeared on Mises.org .
Jeffrey Tucker [ send him mail ] is editorial vice president of www.Mises.org.
Jeffrey Tucker Archives
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
Several of Canada ’s biggest Internet service providers are defending their decision to “ throttle ” subscribers who use file - sharing protocols as a week - long regulatory hearing on the controversial issue nears completion .
Rogers Communications Inc. told a Canadian Radio - television Telecommunications Commission panel today that such traffic management practices are necessary to keep a small number of heavy - bandwidth users - particularly those using peer - to - peer protocols such as BitTorrent to swap large music and video files - from overwhelming their networks .
Failing to do so , it argued , would result in congestion and degraded service levels for all subscribers .
“ This is not a network neutrality issue , ” said Ken Engelhart , Rogers ’ senior vice - president of regulatory affairs , referring to charges that the cable giant is improperly interfering with its subscribers ’ ability to access content on the Web .
“ The whole premise behind this ( network neutrality ) stuff is that we ’re doing this to favour our video business , ” he said .
“ But if that ’s true , why … would n’t we be managing video streaming too ? ”
Bell Canada Inc. is expected to make a similar argument when the hearing resumes tomorrow for its final day .
Several ISPs have argued that the increasing popularity of online video , including user - generated content on YouTube , has resulted in an explosion of Internet traffic in recent years .
While they claim network investments are being made to accommodate the extra weight , they have also singled out peer - to - peer file sharing as an application that requires active management because of the way it uses available bandwidth .
“ Traffic management is critical to providing Internet service that is fast , reliable and affordable , ” said Ken Stein , the senior vice - president of corporate and regulatory affairs for Shaw Communications Inc .
But Web - based companies such as Google argue that targeting certain types of Internet applications and not others will limit the development of potentially beneficial products and services on the Web .
Consumer groups , meanwhile , have expressed concern that the technology used by ISPs to sniff out peer - to - peer traffic could be used to monitor subscribers ’ individual surfing habits and develop pricing models that favour some types of Web surfing over others .
They have also argued that ISPs need to be more transparent about their use of traffic management tools , noting that the advertised speeds for many Internet packages do n’t account for network congestion or traffic management techniques .
Engelhart told the CRTC that , if compelled , Rogers could disclose to subscribers the speeds that can be expected when uploaded traffic is throttled , although he said the company would prefer to keep such information confidential for competitive reasons .
The “ throttling ” issue landed on the CRTC ’s plate last year after a group of wholesale Internet providers complained that Bell was applying its traffic management policies to their customers .
While the CRTC ultimately ruled in Bell ’s favour , it committed to holding a hearing on the larger issue of traffic management this year .
The various stakeholders in the debate have until July 24 to make their final submissions with the CRTC .
Any decision could take up to 10 months , a CRTC spokesperson said .
Microsoft has been accused of failing to do enough to prevent rogue pharmaceutical ads on the results page of its new search engine , Bing .
But the claim comes in a report from a group with a clear commercial interest and uses language which gives a misleading impression .
The authors of the report searched Bing for ten pharmaceutical products , covering a mix of drugs for sexually - related conditions and drugs with the potential to be abused .
They then looked at the " sponsored search results " which appear on the right - hand side of the screen .
According to the authors , 89.7 % of the drug providers which appeared in this section were definitely breaking US laws .
Included were those selling prescription - only drugs without a prescription , those selling from unlicensed sources , those sourcing drugs from outside the US and those which are " otherwise deceptive or misleading " .
( Source : legitscript.com )
Microsoft Investigating Issue
Microsoft has responded by stating that " [ they ] take these claims very seriously and are currently investigating this issue . "
Microsoft currently contracts a firm named Pharmacy Checker to scrutinize advertisers of pharmaceutical products which apply to have paid ads appear on Bing .
( Source : pcworld.com )
The problem with the report is that while the research is legitimate and raises an important point , the source is not unbiased .
The report was produced by anti-spam firm KnujOn and LegitScript , a firm which also verifies legitimate online pharmacies , and thus is a commercial rival of Pharmacy Checker .
Who is Sponsoring Whom ?
The report repeatedly refers to the results being " sponsored " by Microsoft .
This occurs consistently throughout the report , including phrases such as " Microsoft has been informed , in writing , that it is sponsoring rogue Internet pharmacies " and " Rogue Internet Pharmacies Sponsored by Microsoft " .
The way the report uses the term appears as if it is the complete opposite of its intended meaning , and thus gives the impression that Microsoft actively condones or endorses the products that appear in the said ads .
She had a website devoted to her , a film made about her , a book written on her , and even a Google - page dedication of her own .
But Ida the fossil primate who was supposed to be the missing link between man and the rest of the animal kingdom has been dethroned by another fossil with far better claims to the crown .
When Ida , the 47 - million - year - old fossil of an early primate , was unveiled to the public in May there was near - hysteria about the discovery of the " missing link " in the ancestry of man , carefully choreographed by the publicity machine of the film company behind a television documentary sold to the BBC and the publishers of a book .
Ida , unearthed in a shale pit in Germany , was perfectly preserved right down to her opposable thumb , the fur on her back and the contents of her stomach , but now another team of scientists has questioned her right to be named as the fossil ancestor that links humans to all other animals .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Chris Beard , a palaeontologist with the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , believes that he and his team have found a far better candidate in the shape of a primate fossil found in Burma which he said is much more likely than Ida to be the common ancestor of all monkeys , apes and humans .
Called Ganlea megacanina , the new fossil is about 38 million years old and even though the scientists only have its teeth and a fragment of its jawbone they are convinced that both its anatomical features and its lifestyle are those of an " anthropoid " primate , the group of primates that split away from the other lemur - like primates to evolve into monkeys , apes and humans .
" Ida is a complete fossil , and that in many ways is its calling card .
We have an incomplete fossil of Ganlea but even though it is not complete , its anatomy is far more compelling for it to be the ancestor of monkeys , apes and humans than it is for Ida to be the ancestor , " Dr Beard said .
" As far as we can tell , not only is Ganlea an anthropoid , it is a fairly advanced anthropoid , which is not what you can say about Ida , " he said .
A study in the Proceedings of the Royal Society shows Ganlea 's large canine tooth has abrasions that could only have come about by prying open the hard exterior of tough tropical fruits in order to eat the seeds inside , an anthropoid - like behaviour seen today in South American monkeys .
It has never been documented in non-anthropoid primates such as lemurs , Dr Beard said .
Other elements of its jawbone , along with anatomical features possessed by Ganlea 's close Asian relatives , suggest that it belonged to the ultimate ancestral group of all anthropoids , some of which must have migrated to Africa to become the ape - like ancestors of man .
Ida , meanwhile , remains an oddity at the far end of the primate family tree , about as far away from man 's ancestors as you can get , Dr Beard said .
" Ida is a good - looking fossil but it was the victim of incredible marketing .
It is not all that it was cracked up to be .
I 've never seen such hyperbole surrounding a primate fossil as the one that came with Ida – and I 'm not alone in thinking that , " he said .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Meet the ancestor : Ida ' over - hyped '
* Although not a direct human ancestor , Ida is still an important fossil .
The most amazing aspect of Ida is her near - miraculous state of preservation – about 95 per cent of her skeleton is complete .
* She lacked a penis bone , making her unmistakably female , and her thumb and fingers were opposable which meant that she could climb and pick berries and fruit .
* Ida had a distinctive ankle bone and she lacked a " toothcomb " , a fused row of teeth in the middle of the lower jaw , and a " toilet claw " used for grooming – attributes of lemurs but not monkeys .
* Her fingertips end in nails rather than claws , like monkeys , and her eye sockets are large and forward - pointing which would have given her good 3 - D , binocular vision .
Her large eyes would have been useful for night - time foraging in a nocturnal lifestyle .
* X -ray scans of the fossil showed that Ida had suffered a fractured wrist bone that was in the process of healing , an injury that may have led to her falling off a branch and into the lake where she was preserved in sediment .
Deborah Dark has faced extradition proceedings in the UK and Spain A British grandmother is being pursued by France for a crime she was convicted of in her absence 20 years ago .
Deborah Dark , 45 , from London , was acquitted of a drugs offence in 1989 - but found guilty and sentenced to six years on appeal without being told .
France issued a European Arrest Warrant in 2005 but recent extradition attempts have failed in both the UK and Spain .
UK charity Fair Trials International said the warrant system was creating a " blatant injustice " against her .
' Never forget '
Ms Dark , from Richmond in south - west London , was arrested in France in 1989 in a car containing several kilos of cannabis .
A French court believed her defence that she been set up by an abusive boyfriend and was acquitted .
A person 's life can be turned upside down for an event alleged to have happened 20 years ago
Jago Russell
Fair Trials International
But she was unaware the prosecution appealed without telling her after she returned to the UK and she was found guilty and sentenced in 1990 .
A European Arrest Warrant was issued by the French authorities for Ms Dark to be returned to France to serve her jail term .
Ms Dark told the BBC of the effect that still being officially wanted in France had had on her .
She said : " It 's destroyed me , and to see my daughter to go through all that pain again .
I just will never forget it .
" I can't leave the country .
If I leave the country I will be arrested because I 'm still on the European Arrest Warrant . "
' Shocking example '
In 2007 she was arrested on a package holiday at a Turkish airport but the authorities were unable to give her a reason .
On her return to the UK the British police could not find any warrants against her .
When Ms Dark travelled to visit her retired father in Spain in 2008 she was arrested and spent one month in custody .
But a Spanish court refused to extradite her on the grounds of unreasonable delay and the significant passage of time .
When she returned to the UK she was arrested by British police at Gatwick airport and released on bail pending an extradition hearing .
Magistrates refused extradition in April this year .
Fair Trials International said Ms Dark was effectively being " imprisoned in the UK " .
Chief executive Jago Russell said : " Deborah 's case is a shocking example of the way a system intended to deliver justice has created a blatant injustice .
" The European Arrest Warrant should have been designed with a time - limit built in but it was n't .
" The result - a person 's life can be turned upside down for an event alleged to have happened 20 years ago . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Steven Churchill of Duke University is holding a replica of a Neanderthal - type spear ( left hand ) and a spear thrower and dart ( right hand ) that would have been similar to weapons used by early modern humans tens of thousands of years ago .
Newly analyzed remains suggest that a modern human killed a Neanderthal man in what is now Iraq between 50,000 and 75,000 years ago .
The finding is scant but tantalizing evidence for a theory that modern humans helped to kill off the Neanderthals .
The probable weapon of choice : A thrown spear .
The evidence : A lethal wound on the remains of a Neanderthal skeleton .
The victim : A 40 - to 50 - year - old male , now called Shanidar 3 , with signs of arthritis and a sharp , deep slice in his left ninth rib .
" What we 've got is a rib injury , with any number of scenarios that could explain it , " said study researcher Steven Churchill , an associate professor of evolutionary anthropology at Duke University in North Carolina .
" We 're not suggesting there was a blitzkrieg , with modern humans marching across the land and executing the Neandertals [ aka Neanderthals ] .
I want to say that loud and clear . "
But he added , " We think the best explanation for this injury is a projectile weapon , and given who had those and who did n't , that implies at least one act of inter-species aggression . "
( The words " Neanderthal " and " Neandertal " refer to the same species , Homo neanderthalensis , which lived on the plains of Europe and parts of Asia as far back as 230,000 years ago .
They disappeared from the fossil record more than 20,000 years ago . )
Violent past
Scientists are continuing to refine their understanding of early Homo sapiens and Neanderthals , with hopes of also resolving the mystery of how the latter species went extinct while we did not .
Past research has yielded conflicting evidence on interbreeding between the two species , but the new study clearly shows the opposite of affection .
In fact , another Neanderthal skeleton dating back some 36,000 years and found in France showed signs of a scalp injury likely caused by a sharp object that may have been delivered by a modern human at the time , Churchill said .
" So if the Shanidar 3 case is also a case of inter-specific violence and if Shandiar 3 overlaps in time with modern humans , we 're beginning to get a little bit of a pattern here , " Churchill said .
Competition for resources with modern humans , along with other factors , may have also played a role in the die - off of Neanderthals , the researchers say .
Stab simulations
Churchill and his colleagues examined Shanidar 3 , one of nine Neanderthals discovered between 1953 and 1960 in a cave in northeastern Iraq 's Zagros Mountains .
The team also ran experiments with a specially calibrated crossbow , which they used to deliver stone - pointed spears with different forces to simulate a thrusting spear and a long - range projectile weapon like a dart .
The weapons were thrust into pig and other animal carcasses .
" Pigs make a pretty good model for Neandertal thoraces , " Churchill told LiveScience .
" The ribs are about the same stoutness and overall same size .
And the musculature and skin thickness and things like that are pretty similar from what we can tell . "
Then , the researchers compared the wounds created by the different scenarios , finding the thrusting spears did lots of damage , breaking multiple ribs .
" With the projectile weapon , even though it 's traveling faster , it 's a lot lighter and it tends to make distinct cut marks in the bones without injuring surrounding bones .
That 's like what we saw in Shanidar 3 , " Churchill said .
Cold case closed
The analyses also showed the Neanderthal 's rib had started to heal before he died .
By comparing the wound to medical records of injuries from the American Civil War , a time before modern antibiotics , the researchers figured the Neanderthal likely died within weeks of his injury , perhaps due to associated lung damage from a stabbing or piercing wound .
As for the spear , since modern humans had developed projectile hunting weapons and Neanderthals had n't , the researchers deduced the probable suspect — a modern human .
Modern humans used spear throwers , detachable handles that connected with darts and spears to effectively lengthen a hurler 's arm and give the missiles a power boost .
As human weapons technology advanced , Neanderthals continued using long thrusting spears in hunting , which they probably tried — for personal safety — to keep between themselves and their prey instead of hurling them , Churchill added .
In fact , one recent study suggested such Neanderthal hunting tools , including spear tips , were pretty sophisticated .
The new study , published online this week in the Journal of Human Evolution , was funded by the National Science Foundation , the L.S.B. Leakey Foundation and the University of New Mexico .
News
The Canadian Press
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump ’s nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court has close ties to a charismatic Christian religious group that holds men are divinely ordained as the " head ” of the family and faith .
Former members of the group , called People of Praise , say it teaches that wives must submit to the will of their husbands .
Federal appeals judge Amy Coney Barrett has not commented publicly about her own or her family ’s involvement , and a People of Praise spokesman declined to say whether she and her husband are current members .
But Barrett , 48 , grew up in New Orleans in a family deeply connected to the organization and as recently as 2017 she served as a trustee at the People of Praise - affiliated Trinity Schools Inc. , according to the non-profit organization ’s tax records and other documents reviewed by The Associated Press .
Only members of the group serve on the schools ’ board , according to the system ’s president .
The AP also reviewed 15 years of back issues of the organization ’s internal magazine , Vine and Branches , which has published birth announcements , photos and other mentions of Barrett and her husband , Jesse , whose family has been active in the group for four decades .
On Friday , all editions of the magazine were removed from the group 's website .
People of Praise is a religious community based in charismatic Catholicism , a movement that grew out of the influence of Pentecostalism , which emphasizes a personal relationship with Jesus and can include baptism in the Holy Spirit and speaking in tongues .
The group organizes and meets outside the purview of a church and includes people from several Christian denominations , but its members are mostly Roman Catholic .
Barrett ’s affiliation with a conservative religious group that elevates the role of men has drawn particular scrutiny given that she would be filling the high court seat held by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , a feminist icon who spent her legal career fighting for women to have full equality .
Barrett , by contrast , is being hailed by religious conservatives as an ideological heir to the late Justice Antonin Scalia , a staunch abortion - rights opponent for whom she clerked as a young lawyer .
In accepting Trump ’s nomination Saturday , the Catholic mother of seven said she shares Scalia ’s judicial philosophy .
“ A judge must apply the law as written , ” Barrett said .
“ Judges are not policy makers , and they must be resolute in setting aside any policy views they might hold .
” Barrett ’s advocates are trying to frame questions about her involvement in People of Praise as anti-Catholic bigotry ahead of her upcoming Senate nomination hearings .
Asked about People of Praise in a televised interview last week , Vice - President Mike Pence responded , “ The intolerance expressed during her last confirmation about her Catholic faith I really think was a disservice to the process and a disappointment to millions of Americans .
” But some people familiar with the group and charismatic religious groups like it say Barrett ’s involvement should be examined before she receives a lifelong appointment to the highest court in the nation .
“ It ’s not about the faith , ” said Massimo Faggioli , a theology professor at Villanova University , who has studied similar groups .
He says a typical feature of charismatic groups is the dynamic of a strong hierarchical leadership , and a strict view of the relationship between women and men .
Several people familiar with People of Praise , including some current members , told the AP that the group has been misunderstood .
They call it a Christian fellowship , focused on building community .
One member described it as a “ family of families , ” who commit themselves to each other in mutual support to live together “ through thick and thin .
” But the group has also been portrayed by some former members , and in books , blogs and news reports , as hierarchical , authoritarian and controlling , where men dominate their wives , leaders dictate members ’ life choices and those who leave are shunned .
The AP interviewed seven current and former members of People of Praise , and reviewed its tax records , websites , missionary blogs and back issues of its magazine to try to paint a fuller picture of an organization that Barrett has been deeply involved in since childhood .
\---- People of Praise was founded in South Bend , Indiana , in 1971 as part of the Catholic Pentecostal movement , a devout reaction to the free love , secular permissiveness and counterculture movements of the 1960s and early ’ 70s .
Many of the group ’s early members were drawn from the campus of nearby Notre Dame , a Catholic university .
Some adherents who studied in South Bend went to other parts of the country and established new communities , some of which were then absorbed back into People of Praise .
The group has roughly 1,800 adult members nationwide , with branches and schools in 22 cities across the United States , Canada and the Caribbean .
All members are encouraged to continue to attend church at their own parishes .
After a period of religious study and instruction that lasts from three to six years , people involved in People of Praise can choose to make a lifelong covenant pledging love and service to fellow community members and to God , which includes tithing at least 5 % of their gross income to support the group ’s activities and charitable initiatives , according to a statement on the group ’s website .
People of Praise 's covenant , a copy of which was reviewed by the AP , includes a passage where members promise to follow the teachings and instructions of the group ’s pastors , teachers and evangelists .
“ We agree to obey the direction of the Holy Spirit manifested in and through these ministries in full harmony with the church , " the covenant says .
It ’s unclear whether Barrett took the covenant .
But members of the organization and descriptions of its hierarchy show that members almost invariably join the covenant after three to six years of religious study or they leave , so it would be very unusual for Barrett to continue to be involved for so many years without having done so .
A 2006 article in the group ’s magazine includes a photo of her attending a People of Praise Leaders ’ Conference for Women .
The magazine also includes regular notices when members are “ released from the covenant ” and leave the group .
The AP 's review found no such notice of Barrett 's or her husband 's departure .
A request to interview Barrett made through the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago , where she currently serves as a judge , was declined .
The judge did n't mention People of Praise in her 2017 Senate judicial questionnaire , filled out prior to her confirmation for the bench .
Jesse Barrett did not respond to voicemail or email sent through his law firm in South Bend .
People of Praise spokesman Sean Connolly declined to discuss the Barretts or their affiliation with the group .
“ Like most religious communities , the People of Praise leaves it up to its members to decide whether to publicly disclose their involvement in our community , ” Connolly said by email .
“ And like most religious communities , we do not publish a membership list .
” Several people familiar with the group told the AP that , unlike some other charismatic movements , People of Praise has a strong commitment to intellectualism , evidenced in part by the schools they have established , which have a reputation for intellectual rigour .
Barrett ’s father , Michael Coney Sr. , has served as the principal leader of People of Praise ’s New Orleans branch and was on the group ’s all - male Board of Governors as recently as 2017 .
Her mother , Linda Coney , has served in the branch as a “ handmaid , ” a female leader assigned to help guide other women , according to documents reviewed by the AP .
“ One of the key principles of People of Praise is freedom , the exercise of our own freedom in following the Lord and in following our own — what we believe , what we think is right , ” Michael Coney , 75 , said Friday in an interview with the AP .
Joannah Clark , 47 , grew up in People of Praise and became a member as an adult .
She acknowledged that the board of governors consists of all men , but said that is not a reflection on the “ worth or ability of women , ” but rather the approach the group has chosen for that level of leadership .
“ In a marriage , we look at the husband as the head of the family .
And that ’s consistent with New Testament teaching , ” said Clark , who is the head of Trinity Academy in Portland , Oregon .
“ This role of the husband as the head of the family is not a position of power or domination .
It ’s really quite the opposite .
It ’s a position of care and service and responsibility .
Men are looking out for the good and well - being of their families .
” Clark said she had previously served as a “ handmaid . ”
The term was a reference to Jesus ’ mother Mary , who called herself “ the handmaid of the Lord . ”
The organization recently changed the terminology to “ woman leader ” because it had newly negative connotations after Margaret Atwood ’s dystopian novel “ The Handmaid ’s Tale ” was turned into a popular television show .
Clark said the woman leaders in People of Praise do things like provide pastoral care and organize help for community members , such as when people are sick or need other help .
“ They ’re also in a role of advising , so the men will ask the women leaders ' advice on issues that affect the patterns of life within the community , certainly issues that affect women and families , ” Clark said .
Barrett , in accepting Trump 's nomination at the White House on Saturday , put particular emphasis on the equality of her own marriage , saying she expected from the start the she and her husband would run their household as partners .
“ As it has turned out , Jesse does far more than his share of the work , ” she said .
“ To my chagrin , I learned at dinner recently that my children consider him to be the better cook .
” Though People of Praise opposes abortion , those familiar with the group said it would be a mistake to pigeonhole their politics as either left or right .
While socially conservative in their understanding of family and gender , some members are deeply committed to social justice in matters of race and economics , they said .
Barrett ’s parents are both registered Democrats , according to Louisiana voter registration records .___Taxe records and other documents show that as recently as 2017 Barrett sat on the board of Trinity Schools , a campus of which was recently designated by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos as a National Blue Ribbon School .
The schools are coed , but most classes are segregated by gender .
The school ’s website says the group sees men and women “ created by God equal in dignity but distinct from one another .
” " We seek to uphold both that equality and appropriate distinction in our culture , ” it goes on .
Similarly , at People of Praise the leadership structure is largely segregated by gender .
And as they become adults , members frequently live together in same - gender communal houses sometimes owned by the group , or they are invited to live with a family within the community .
Articles in the People of Praise magazine frequently note when young single members get married to each other .
Multiple birth announcements often follow .
The group ’s magazine also offers insights into the group 's views on marriage , community and members ’ finances .
A 2007 issue discusses how the 17 single women who live together in a household , called the Sisterhood , had their paychecks direct deposited into a single bank account .
One member said she had “ no idea ” what the amount of her paycheque was .
The pooled money was managed by one woman , who budgeted for everyone ’s clothing and other expenses , including $ 36 weekly per person for food and basics like toilet paper .
All women were expected to give 10 % of their pay to People of Praise , another 1 % to the South Bend branch and additional tithes to their churches .
Married couples and their children have sometimes lived in multifamily housing or clustered in neighbourhoods designated for “ city building ” by the group ’s leaders , where they can easily socialize and walk to each other ’s houses .
As part of spiritual meetings , members often relay divine prophecies and are encouraged to pray in tongues , where participants make vocal utterances thought to carry direct teachings and instructions from God .
Those utterances are then “ interpreted ” by senior male leaders and relayed back to the wider group .
A 1969 book by Kevin Ranaghan , a co-founder of People of Praise , dedicates a chapter to praying in tongues , which he describes as a gift from God .
“ The gift of tongues is one of the word - gifts , an utterance of the Spirit through man , ” Ranaghan wrote in “ Catholic Pentecostals . ”
“ Alone , the gift of tongues is used for prayer and praise .
Coupled with the gift of interpretation it can edify the unbeliever and strengthen , console , enlighten or move the community of faith .
” In a blog entry on the group 's website from March of this year , a mother described taking her children to pray in tongues as the coronavirus pandemic took hold .
___While People of Praise portrays itself as a tightknit family of families , former members paint a darker picture of that closeness .
Coral Anika
Theill joined a group called Vine and Branches in Corvallis , Oregon , in 1979 , when she was a 24 - year - old mother of 6 - month - old twins .
Launched by charismatic Catholic priest from South Bend , the community was formally absorbed into People of Praise in 1982 .
“ My husband at the time was very drawn to it because of the structure of the submission of women , ” recounted Theill , who is now 65 .
Theill , who converted to Catholicism after getting married , said in her People of Praise community women were expected to live in “ total submission ” not only to their husbands , but also the other male “ heads ” within the group .
In a book she wrote about her experience , Theill recounts that in People of Praise every consequential personal decision — whether to take a new job , buy a particular model car or choose where to live — went through the hierarchy of male leadership .
Members of the group who worked outside the community had to turn over their paystubs to church leaders to confirm they were tithing correctly , she said .
Theill says her “ handmaid , ” to whom she was supposed to confide her innermost thoughts and emotions , then repeated what she said to the male heads , who would consult her husband on the proper correction .
“ There ’d be open meetings where you just have to stand before the group and they ’d tell you all that was wrong with you , ” Theill recounted to the AP last week .
“ And I would ask questions .
I was a critical thinker .
” When she told her husband she wanted to wait to have more children , Theill said , he accompanied her to gynecological appointments to ensure she could n’t get birth control .
“ I was basically treated like a brood mare , ” she said , using the term for a female horse used for breeding .
During her 20 - year marriage , Theill had eight children from 11 pregnancies .
Theill , who says she declined to take the covenant , described being dominated and eventually shunned because of the doubts she expressed about the group .
She left in 1984 .
Connolly said Tuesday that leaders in the Corvallis branch who were there at the time are unaware of any allegations of physical or mental abuse concerning Thiell .
“ Her charges of the mistreatment of women , insularity , lack of privacy and shunning are contradictory to our beliefs and our practices as a community , ” Connolly said in an email .
Clark , a current member in Oregon , said she had never heard of members being shunned .
“ At any point , a community member can decide to leave and is free to do so , ” Clark said .
She said she has friends who have left the community .
“ These are people I ’ve maintained a good friendship with and people who ’ve maintained friendships with other people in community .
” But Theill is n’t the only former member to describe forced subjugation of women within People of Praise or shunning of former members .
Among People of Praise ’s very first members in South Bend were Adrian Reimers and his wife , Marie .
The couple was active for more than a dozen years before he said he became disillusioned and was “ dismissed ” from the group in the mid-1980s .
Reimers , who teaches philosophy at Notre Dame , went on to write detailed academic examinations of the group ’s inner workings and theological underpinnings .
In a 1997 book about People of Praise and other covenant communities , Reimers wrote that the fundamental principle of the group was St. Paul ’s stipulation from the Bible that the husband is the “ head ” of his wife and that the wife is to “ submit in all things .
” “ A married woman is expected always to reflect the fact that she is under her husband ’s authority , ” Reimers wrote .
“ This goes beyond an acknowledgment that the husband is ‘ head of the home ’ or head of the family ; he is , in fact , her personal pastoral head .
Whatever she does requires at least his tacit approval .
He is responsible for her formation and growth in the Christian life .
” Though women are allowed to serve in some administrative roles within the community , Reimers wrote that no woman is allowed to hold a pastoral position of leadership in which she would oversee or instruct men .
“ People who leave these communities are often shunned by other members and are spoken of as no longer brothers and sisters in Christ or even no longer Christian , ” he wrote .
Reimers declined to expand on his experience with People of Praise , saying he does n’t know Amy Coney Barrett and did n’t want to get drawn into a political fight .
But he said he stands by his prior account .
“ To quote Pontius Pilate , ‘ What I have written , I have written , ’ ” he said last week , referring to the Roman official in the Bible who signed the order condemning Jesus to be crucified .
Lisa Williams said her parents joined a group called Servants of The Lord in St. Paul , Minnesota , in the late 1970s , when she was a fourth - grader .
That community became part of People of Praise in 1983 , and is now called Servant Branch , according to a blog on the People of Praise website .
She chronicled her experience in a blog called “ Exorcism and Pound Cake , ” a reference to how she knew as a child that it was a meeting night because of the smell of baked goods coming from the kitchen .
“ I remember my mother saying a wife could never deny sex to her husband , because it was his right and her duty , ” said Williams , 56 .
“ Sex is not for pleasure .
It ’s for as many babies as God chooses to give you .
... Women had to be obedient .
They had to be subservient .
” Williams said she remembers People of Praise leaders coming to meetings in Minnesota and her family travelling to South Bend to visit and worship there .
Corporal punishment of children was common , Williams told the AP .
When she was insufficiently obedient to her father , she was beaten with a belt and then required to kneel and ask forgiveness from both him and God , she said .
She recalled meetings held in her parents ' living room where members prayed in tongues to cast out demons from a person writhing on the floor , rituals she described as exorcisms .
When her parents , from whom she is now estranged , decided to leave the group when she was in high school , she remembers the leaders said her family would be doomed to hell and they were shunned .
“ Nobody would talk to you , ” she recalled .
Connolly declined Monday to answer a dozen detailed written questions from the AP , including whether the group holds ceremonies that include prayers to cast out malevolent spirits .
After an earlier version of this story was published , he said in an email Tuesday that the meeting described by Williams would have occurred prior to Servant Branch becoming part of People of Praise and that the group “ does not practice exorcism . ” Steven Hassan , a mental health counsellor who works with people who have left fundamentalist authoritarian religious groups , said the culture within People of Praise as described by Theill and Williams , including the practice of shunning former members , creates fear so that people are dependent and obedient .
“ A person who is in one of these groups has to suppress their own thoughts , feelings , desires that does n’t align with the dogma , ” Hassan said .
He cautioned , however , that Theill ’s and Williams ’ experiences were from decades ago and not necessarily illustrative of how the group now operates .
And current members of People of Praise interviewed by the AP strongly disputed those characterizations .
“ There ’s a high value on personal freedom , " said Clark , the Trinity School director in Oregon .
She said she had never heard of some of the practices the former members detailed to the AP , such as micromanaging finances or handing over paychecks .
She grew emotional when she recounted the sacrifices people in the group make for each other as part of their covenant , like the case of a man known for helping his fellow members move , who was in turn cared for by group members as he died .
“ I ’ve never been asked to do anything against my own free will , ” said Clark , a member of the group for 25 years .
“ I have never been dominated or controlled by a man .
” Thomas Csordas , an anthropology professor at University of California San Diego , has studied the religious movement that includes People of Praise .
He said such communities are conservative , authoritarian , hierarchical and patriarchal .
But , he said , in his view , the group ’s leaders are unlikely to exert influence over Barrett ’s judicial decisions .
Coney , Barrett ’s father , said the culture of female submission described by some former members was based on misunderstandings of the group ’s teachings .
“ I ca n’t comment on why they believe that .
But it is certainly not a correct interpretation of our life , ” he said .
“ We ’re people who love each other and support each other in their Christian life , trying to follow the Lord .
” As a lawyer himself , he rejected the notion that his daughter ’s religious beliefs will unduly influence her opinions if she is confirmed to the high court .
“ I think she ’s a super lawyer and she will apply the law as opposed to any of her beliefs , ” he said .
“ She will follow the law . ” ___Smith reported from Providence , Rhode Island .
Associated Press reporters Mitch Weiss in Greenville , South Carolina , and Juliet Linderman in Baltimore , Maryland , contributed .
___Follow Investigative Reporter Michael Biesecker at http://twitter.com/mbieseck and Smith at http://twitter.com/MRSmithAP___Contact
AP ’s global investigative team at Investigative@ap.org Michael Biesecker And Michelle R. Smith , The Associated Press
According to a new study , of the 13 m songs available for sale on the internet last year , more than 10 m failed to find a single buyer .
The research , conducted by the MCPS - PRS 's Will Page and Andrew Bud , brings us that much closer to proving Sturgeon 's Law – that 90 % of everything is crap .
It also provides evidence for the famous old rock critic adage – your favourite band sucks .
More importantly , these findings challenge the " long tail " theory that diverse , specialised items – though individually less popular - will together outsell mainstream " hits " .
Page is the chief economist at the MCPS - PRS Alliance , a not - for - profit royalty collection agency .
According to his and Bud 's research , 80 % of all revenue came from about 52,000 tracks – the " hits " that powered the music industry .
Broken down by album , only 173,000 of the 1.23 m available albums were ever purchased – leaving 85 % without a single copy sold .
" I think people believed in a fat , fertile long tail because they wanted it to be true , " Mr Bud told the Times .
" The statistical theories used to justify that theory were intelligent and plausible .
But they turned out to be wrong . "
" The relative size of the dormant ' zero sellers ' tail was truly jaw - dropping , " Page emphasised .
Bi'lin Invaded by Israeli Soldiers
At around 2:30 am two groups of around 35 soldiers ( 70 total ) descended on the village of Bi'lin .
They raided several houses , detained their inhabitants , and searched the inside of the houses .
When members of the ISM and the Popular Committee of Bi'lin confronted the soldiers , they called all of Bi'lin a closed military zone and threatened to arrest anyone out of their house or anyone on top of a house taking pictures .
In the course of these house raids , they kidnapped a 16 year old boy ( Mohsen Kateb ) from his house and took him away into the night .
And they kidnapped a 16 year old boy ( Hamoda Yaseen ) from his house and took him away into the night .
Haitham al - Katib , a respected Palestinian activist in Bi'lin was video taping the raids when soldiers aggressively pushed him against a wall and threatened him with arrest .
Two members of the ISM intervened on his behalf and were able to wrest him out of the grasp of the soldiers .
They then raided the house of Iyad Burant , the head of the popular committee , and threatened his 9 year old son ( Abdal kalik ) with physical harm if he did n't produce a camera he was holding .
After several people including 2 internationals intervened by blocking the soldiers path , they were also threatened with arrest and were pushed by the soldiers .
After repeated efforts , the soldiers gave up and left that particular house .
This raid follows on the heels of others that have happened almost every night for 2 weeks .
Today 's arrest now brings the total to seven people , who have been arrested and taken away since the onset of the raids .
Bi'lin currently is facing the loss of sixty percent of its farmland due to the construction of the apartheid wall and the illegal settlements that have followed in the wake of the wall .
April 21 , 2009 CNN
Dave N : Paul Begala and Ari Fleischer debated the release of the Bush torture memos -- and President Obama 's indication that prosecutions of the architects of the torture regime may yet face prosecution -- on Anderson Cooper 's 360 yesterday .
The fireworks erupted when Fleischer decided that the best defense was to claim that waterboarding really is n't torture :
FLEISCHER : No , again , Anderson , your premise is that it is torture .
And I think the only people who can determine that are people from the Department of Justice .
COOPER : But it 's interesting , though ...
FLEISCHER :
If it is torture , if it is torture ...
( CROSSTALK )
COOPER : ... when the Khmer Rouge did it , when the Khmer Rouge did it at Tuol Sleng prison , and you can go there , and you can see the instruments they used to water - board people , I mean , we labeled it as torture .
FLEISCHER : And , Anderson , that 's why I said the only people who are in a position to make an authoritative judgment on it should be career , independent - minded people at the Department of Justice , without anybody at the White House interfering or anybody else interfering .
And then , if they decide it was , then they have got a very careful decision to make about how far and extensive do you prosecute people .
Is it the people who did it ?
Is it the Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill who were briefed on it and did n't object to it ?
And who in the administration would you have to apply that standard to ?
This is where this whole thing can go .
But , going back to the memo , and going back to bipartisanship , you know , it 's not just the Bush people who said it was wrong to release that memo .
Bill Clinton 's head of the CIA said it was wrong to release those memos , because you 're teaching al Qaeda operatives exactly what our techniques are .
And why do we want anybody in al Qaeda to know what the limits of our techniques are , Paul ?
BEGALA : The techniques that -- the techniques that we no longer use , the techniques that were in " The New York Review of Books " and half of the newspapers and magazines in North America , Ari .
I mean , it is ...
FLEISCHER : Paul , it was your administration 's head of the CIA who objected to the release of those memos .
BEGALA : It does n't -- it does n't make ...
FLEISCHER : It 's a Clinton official who said that .
BEGALA : It does n't make him right .
Torture is always wrong , Ari .
We executed ...
FLEISCHER : I agree with you that torture is always wrong .
BEGALA : Excuse me for talking while you 're interrupting .
( CROSSTALK )
COOPER : Let Paul finish .
BEGALA : We -- our country executed Japanese soldiers who water - boarded American POWs .
We executed them for the same crime that we are now committing ourselves .
How do you defend that ?
Pin 0 Shares
I work from home as a freelance writer .
And , while it is nice to be able to set my own hours and be there for my son , there are also a number of challenges involved with working from home .
Like me , the main issue you probably face with your home office revolves around the fact that it is – in fact – at home .
This means that your kids and your significant other ( a whole other post ) will clamor for your attention on occasion .
There are some things you can do , though , to help manage your children when working from home :
Find good Childcare
Many people think that the point of working from home is to avoid childcare altogether .
Sure it is .
If you want to go crazy !
I find that a little childcare can go a long way .
During the summer ( when school is out ) , my son goes to an educational day camp four hours a day , three days a week .
It ’s relatively inexpensive , and I can get a lot done in those hours .
I ’m über - productive at the times my son is away , allowing me to get the most important items accomplished , doing everything else as I can when he ’s actually home .
Another childcare option is a babysitter .
One summer , I hired a trustworthy 13 - year - old neighborhood girl to come and watch my son for three hours each day .
I was still in the house , but my son had a playmate while I worked .
He went to the park , played outside and did all sorts of fun things , without needing me to entertain him .
Plus , I was on - site , available in the event of an unexpected emergency .
Mother ’s helpers are also another option for in - home childcare .
And mother ’s helpers often even help with cleaning and cooking .
Take frequent play breaks
Often , children just want your undivided attention for a little while .
I find that if I spend 15 – 20 minutes with my son , playing a game or reading him a story , after about an hour and a half of work , he ’s content to entertain himself for another reasonable stretch of time .
It breaks up the day a little bit , and can slow productivity , but in many cases it reduces the number of interruptions you receive .
When he was younger , I got out a digital timer and set it for 60 to 75 minutes , and told him that I would play a game with him when the timer went off .
Knowing what to expect , and being able to monitor the time in some fashion , helps children adjust a little better .
A twist on the play break is to have a few toys in your home office .
If you can shut out normal playtime noises and remain productive , inviting your children into your home office can help .
Most children are content merely to have you nearby .
You may have to answer some questions , or glance over at an amazing block tower , but in general you can keep working while your children largely amuse themselves .
If you have an old computer , that ’s even better ; your kids can “ work ” from home — just like you !
Schedule activities for your children and work around them
Finally , many work at home parents simply resort to scheduling their work time around their kids ’ sleeping schedules .
This can cut into time with your partner , however .
Another thing you can do is set up regular times each day for things like quiet play , nap time ( for young children ) , reading time and practice time ( if your children play instruments ) .
You can do snatches of work while your children are busy .
My son has quiet time in his room each day — sort of like meditating — for a half hour , followed by 20 minutes of reading .
He feels better throughout the day because of this break , and I have 50 minutes of uninterrupted work .
If you have a laptop and wireless Internet , you can also take your work to wherever your children are .
Head to the park and do what you can while they play on the playground .
Or , just have them play in the yard .
Most children are happy to play outside , and if you have the right technology , you can supervise them while you work .
Do you have any tips for managing children while you work from home ?
Subscribe Now
You will receive all updates in your feed reader as soon as they are posted .
Very Convenient !
Great to see you again !
Already have our Feed ?
Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for more updates
While the Obama administration keeps up pressure on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to cap Jewish settlement expansion , locally based US diplomats are cultivating ties with the very communities they consider an obstacle to the creation of a Palestinian state .
Their findings , which are passed on to US officials and policymakers , are likely to become more valuable at a time when the US is publicly prodding Israel to stop settlement expansion for the first time in two decades – forcing Mr. Netanyahu into a balancing act between Israel 's closest ally and one of his key constituencies .
" I do n't think there 's anyone in any other diplomatic missions or in the Israeli government that is solely focused on this issue .
They had particularly good access , " said a former United Nations diplomat who served in Jerusalem and declined to be named .
" It 's a complicated terrain in the West Bank , " he said in a phone interview .
" While there 's seemingly a lot of information out there , a lot of it is politically biased .
It was always helpful to get straight information . "
Opinions in the settlements are key
The US envoy appointed to monitor the implementation of the road map , Gen . Paul Selva , was scheduled to visit the region this week , according to the US diplomat .
In recent years , a succession of young political officers from the US consulate in Jerusalem have met with leaders in places ranging from the staid " settlement blocs " near the Green Line – Israel 's pre-1967 border – to isolated ideological settlements , including unauthorized outposts .
A spokesman for the US consulate in Jerusalem declined to comment on the work of the settler liaison except to say it is not secret , but a US diplomat said the idea is to gather information .
" We need to know what these people are thinking to better understand the issues , " the diplomat said .
Political officers :
In - house reporters for diplomats
Indeed , political officers function as in - house reporters for diplomatic communities , winning the trust of local officials – and reaping insider information .
The findings are passed on to an interested audience of policymakers back in Washington , Western diplomats in the region , and the team of US officials monitoring Palestinian and Israeli compliance with commitments under the road map peace plan .
Though the US can monitor settlement expansion with satellite photography , the dialogue offers provide a nonconfrontational way for diplomats to get an on - the - ground look that offers a resolution unavailable from spy equipment .
By contrast , monitors from antisettlement nongovernment groups like Israel 's Peace Now are often met with hostility when they meet settlers .
The information is also considered valuable because the settlers are generally reluctant to speak openly with foreign and local Israeli media .
The nearly 300,000 settlers in the West Bank , excluding East Jerusalem , are spread over a diverse range of settlements .
They have political influence that is disproportionate to their percentage of Israel 's population of 7 million .
A recent visit
Akiva Ovitz , an aide to the mayor of the settlement of Beitar Illit , said that a political officer visited the city just a few weeks ago .
He cast the relationship in a positive light .
" They want to hear how the city is developing , what is happening with building plans , and with the population , " he said .
" It 's to keep in touch with the settlements and to hear about their needs . "
But the policy shift under President Obama has made some settlers less receptive about meeting the diplomats .
That 's because settlers consider the Obama administration 's public criticism of the settlements meddling in Israel 's sovereign affairs and a possible precursor to settlement evacuations .
Daniella Weiss , a former mayor of the settlement of Kedumim in the northern West Bank who has also helped settler youths set up outposts , says she had become accustomed to annual visits by US diplomats and took them seriously .
But recently , she declined a request .
" I felt that they are alienated and they do n't feel solidarity .
I said I do n't see a point in these meetings , " she says .
" I am also critical of the president ....
The US wants to weaken our hold here . "
Settlers hope frequent visits will change views
Even so , many remain open about the opportunity to state their case directly to a representative of the US .
The settlers believe that the US diplomats may be more easily convinced if they only visit .
Yigal Amitay , a spokesman for the settlement of Yitzhar , boasts of a " heartfelt " meeting with a previous political officer he called " Matityahu , " Hebrew for Matthew .
Discussions usually covered topics ranging from clashes between settlers and Palestinians to the ideological bent of Yitzhar , a small settlement infamous as a source of vigilantism against Palestinians and even against the Israeli army .
His main criticism was that political officers ' tour of duty in the West Bank is not long enough to understand the nuances of the settler community .
" I think the interest of America is that there should n't be another Khomeini-ist country in the Middle East , " says Mr. Amitay .
" Through an honest dialogue , they will understand that it's in their interest to oppose a Palestinian state . "
Though Amitay referred to Mr. Obama 's efforts to repair US relations with the Muslim world as " naive , " he says he 's still waiting for the consulate political officer to call for a meeting .
Others , however , are more suspicious .
Shaul Goldstein , the head of the settlers council in Gush Etzion , south of Jerusalem , recently met with former President Jimmy Carter .
But he complained that the discussions are not held on a high - enough level .
" We call them the CIA agents because we never know who they are , " he said in a recent phone conversation .
" It 's not enough because it 's too far from the decisionmakers . "
So , you have initiated your proceedings for immigration to a distant land and do n’t know how to break this news to your family ?
This indeed is quite a difficult but crucial task that needs a little planning on your part .
Venturing to stay at a distant land , away from your family and friends you see on a regular basis is challenging for you as well as your near and dear ones .
Immigration to a foreign land is a lengthy method that may take a few months or even a few years , in some cases .
Keeping your family oblivious of your immigration procedure all through and revealing it a week or two before you are set to take off , is definitely not advisable .
This would make them feel disappointed and betrayed and may affect your relationship with them .
It is best to enlighten them about your decision from the very start of your immigration proceedings .
Keep them informed about updates in the process .
Discuss with them about your challenges that you might face in the new country , their suggestions about how you can deal with them , ask them if they know anything about the culture of the country you are immigrating to , when you should sell your house , and other such secondary questions .
This would make them feel positive and reassured .
Also , you would be glad to have their support all through the process and while immigrating as well .
Try not to get started with questions like , if you should consider immigration ?
By focusing on just the secondary issues , you will be able to adhere to just the positive side of immigration .
Do not worry much about how they would feel in your absence , as it is quite natural that they would miss you but gradually , everyone gets accustomed to it .
The distance does make the bonds stronger in many cases .
The feeling of unison with your friends and family after a considerable period is indeed blissful .
Invite them to visit you anytime during the holidays but make sure you do not make any false promises .
Do not make false promises of visiting every few months , if you think it would not be possible for you to visit more than once a year .
This again may lead to a feeling of disappointment and betrayal .
Be honest in your commitments .
Call at home frequently and be concerned as you have always been .
This will ensure that your relationship withstands the negatives of the distance .
How and when you break your immigration news to your family depends a lot on several factors , like their dependency on you , how close is your relationship , and many others .
Get started with a well - thought peppy talk .
It would surely be difficult to break this news to certain members of your family , than others .
Convince them with the opportunities this decision has in store for you and reassure them about your bonding with them , and it will all be a smooth and happy time .
[ TYPES / announce ]
Post - doc job offer : cryptographic security
Proving computational security of cryptographic systems ***** Post - doc vacancy *****
Host laboratory : LIP ( ENS Lyon ) / VERIMAG ( UJF - Grenoble 1 ) , FRANCE
We are looking for a researcher ( post - doc ) to work on the ANR SCALP project .
Keywords : formal verification , computational security , cryptography , proof assistant Subject :
Our day - to - day lives increasingly depend upon information and our ability to manipulate it securely .
That is , in a way that prevents malicious elements to subvert the available information for their own benefits .
This requires solutions based on cryptographic systems ( primitives and protocols ) .
However , no matter how carefully crafted cryptographic systems are , experience has shown that effective attacks can remain hidden for years .
This may be caused by poor design or often unclear and poorly defined security properties and assumptions .
The ANR SCALP project aims at providing certified automated verification methods for the computational security of cryptosystems .
The certification part is to be carried out with the help of the Coq Proof assistant .
Requirements for the Postdoc position : - A PhD in Computer Science or a related field with expertise in cryptography and / or proof assistants ( preferably both ) . - A strong publication record .
- Commitment and a cooperative attitude .
Applications : - detailed CV , list of publications - motivation letter ( 1 page ) , - contact information for 2 references .
Duration : 12 months ( possible extension for another 12 months ) .
Start date : September 2009 Deadline for application : 15 June 2009 SCALP project Homepage : http://scalp.gforge.inria.fr/
More information / application submission : Yassine .
Lakhnech at imag.fr , Philippe .
Audebaud at ens-lyon.fr , Pierre .
Corbineau at imag.
fr
-------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : Pierre_Corbineau.vcf
Type : text /x-vcard Size : 517 bytes Desc : not available Url : http://lists.seas.upenn.edu/pipermail/types-announce/attachments/20090517/8568ef2d/Pierre_Corbineau.bin
Ruling requires providing Plan B contraceptive U.S. Court of Appeals
The " morning after ' ' contraceptive pill .
The " morning after ' ' contraceptive pill .
Photo : Women 's Capital Corporation , NYT Photo : Women 's Capital Corporation , NYT Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Ruling requires providing Plan B contraceptive 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A federal appeals court ordered reinstatement Wednesday of rules requiring pharmacists in Washington state to provide the Plan B " morning - after pill " contraceptive despite individual pharmacists ' religious objections .
The Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco set aside a judge 's November 2007 order that blocked the regulations on the grounds that they violated pharmacists ' freedom of religion .
The court said the judge failed to consider women 's need for Plan B .
California has a similar but narrower law , in effect since 2006 , that requires pharmacists to dispense all legally prescribed medications but allows druggists to refer a patient to a nearby pharmacy if they do n't stock a particular product such as Plan B .
Plan B contains the same ingredients as conventional birth control pills but in heavier doses and is taken to prevent pregnancy within 24 hours of intercourse .
In April , the Food and Drug Administration under President Obama , in response to a court order , lowered from 18 to 17 the age at which anyone can buy the pills without a prescription .
The Washington State Board of Pharmacy regulations took effect in July 2007 .
It required pharmacies to supply legally prescribed drugs and allowed individual pharmacists to object on religious or moral grounds as long as another pharmacist was available , in person or by telephone , to fill the order .
U.S. District Judge Ronald Leighton blocked the rules statewide four months later in a suit by a family - owned pharmacy in Olympia , which was under state investigation for refusing to stock Plan B , and by two pharmacists who said they feared losing their jobs because of their objections .
On Wednesday , the appeals court ordered the judge to lift his injunction and reconsider the regulations under Supreme Court standards allowing states to pass neutral laws that may affect religious practices .
Contrary to Leighton 's conclusion , the appeals court said , the Washington rules were not aimed at interfering with religious beliefs or practices and were intended instead to promote patients ' health .
Leighton also failed to consider the effect of his order on " sexually active women of childbearing age ( who ) will be denied reasonable access to Plan B , " said Judge Kim Wardlaw in the 3 - 0 ruling .
Although the court did not decide whether the regulations are valid , the ruling virtually guarantees that they will be upheld , said attorney Matthew McReynolds of the Pacific Justice Institute , which filed arguments supporting the dissident pharmacists .
" It clearly was targeted at the few pharmacies in the state that had moral convictions about these types of medication , " he said .
" This gives the green light to states like California to impose harsher regulations . "
Bad Credit Does n’t Stop You Borrowing Money – Here ’s Why
It ’s easy to assume that good credit is a requirement whenever you ’re trying to borrow money .
After all , what kind of lender would want to take the risk of lending money to someone who has a history of not making payments ?
That ’s certainly a logical way of looking at it but it is n’t always a valid viewpoint , as there are some lenders who are willing to overlook your poor credit history , especially if you ’re not trying to borrow a large amount .
One of the biggest problems with having bad credit is the difficulty that comes with getting approved for a loan or any other type of financing .
How much would you like to borrow ?
$ 100 $ 200 $ 300 $ 400 $ 500 $ 600 $ 700 $ 800 $ 900 $ 1000 $ 1100 $ 1200 $ 1300 $ 1400 $ 1500 $ 1600 $ 1700 $ 1800 $ 1900 $ 2000 $ 2100 $ 2200 $ 2300 $ 2400 $ 2500 $ 2600 $ 2700 $ 2800 $ 2900 $ 3000 $ 3100 $ 3200 $ 3300 $ 3400 $ 3500 $ 3600 $ 3700 $ 3800 $ 3900 $ 4000 $ 4100 $ 4200 $ 4300 $ 4400 $ 4500 $ 4600 $ 4700 $ 4800 $ 4900 $ 5000 Get Started
By submitting my information , I acknowledge I have read , understand , and agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy and the Terms & Conditions of Use .
I understand that by submitting my information , I may be contacted by telephone by one lender .
The inability to gain access to funding only makes matter worse , especially when you need money now as you ca n’t get any help with new bills and repayment obligations .
As such , you can find yourself spiraling into a perpetual cycle of poverty , with no way to find relief in times of financial desperation .
Luckily , there are still a few options left that can help you borrow the money you need , even if your credit is n’t so great .
In this guide , we ’ll explain why bad credit does n’t have to stop you from borrowing money and we ’ll discuss some of the ways people with poor credit can still borrow money in today ’s credit - centric world .
You Can Use Your Proof of Income
If you can prove that you have a steady source of income – whether it be from a job , assistance , investments , inheritance , or any other revenue stream – you should have no problem getting approved for bad credit loans .
The best kind of proof of income will usually be official monthly statements from your bank and check stubs from your employer .
Generally , most lenders will want to see that you ’ve been employed for at least 2 - 3 months consecutively .
Payday lenders are known for basing their decisions primarily on proof of income .
However , to gain approval for a payday loan , you will usually need an active checking account that accepts direct deposits .
The lender will use your direct deposit info to automatically withdraw the agreed - upon amount after each of your upcoming paydays .
The amount you ’re allowed to borrow will be proportionate to the amount you earn during each pay period but will not be determined by conventional creditworthiness factors such as your credit score or the contents of your credit report .
Some Lenders Do n’t Consider Credit at All
Believe it or not , many alternative lenders do n’t even check your credit when determining whether you ’re worthy of approval .
As mentioned above , proof of income is typically their primary concern .
They ’ll look at how long you ’ve been employed by the same employer and how many months you can prove that you ’ve been getting paid by them .
They ’ll also consider your overall monthly expenses and income amount to see if you ’ll be able to afford the scheduled repayments .
Examples of lenders who do n’t check credit include payday lenders and poor credit personal loan providers .
If you have a stable income that can be reliably proven and verified , your credit report probably wo n’t stop you from being approved by the lower echelon of lenders who are constantly competing for borrowers .
The Alternative Loan Market is Growing
A decade ago , it was difficult to find any kind of lender that would approve someone with bad credit .
However , a lot changed in the 2010s as banks and lenders entered into heavy competition following the global financial crisis of the late 2000s .
The past few years have also brought the appearance of many alternative finance apps and digital banks that do n’t refer to ChexSystems when screening new account applicants .
Every year , there are new lenders and organizations getting into the alternative lending space .
With a bit of research and diligence , you could find some of those newcomers who are urgently searching for their first eligible borrowers .
This is great news for anyone who has been turned down by their local banks because it means that there ’s an ever - growing sea of alternative lenders out there just waiting to approve your application .
It can take 84 months for a negative item to disappear from your credit report , but it only takes a couple of months of late payments to create those negative issues .
As a result , many lenders have begun offering more lenient approval terms that do n’t rely solely on credit .
Crowdfunding Sites Offer Fundraising Opportunities Regardless of Credit
If you ’ve already exhausted your options in terms of applying for bad credit loans for $ 2500 , you could check out some of the top crowdfunding sites .
These platforms give you a convenient way to set up a personal or business fundraising page where you can take donations for a cause or venture that you need help with .
Your credit will never be a factor when you ’re signing up for a crowdfunding site , yet you could wind up raising tens of thousands of dollars or more with the right backstory and a good marketing campaign .
On that note , keep in mind that crowdfunding sites are n’t automated streams of free money – you will still need to push visitors to your campaign page in order to attract the attention of prospective donators .
Eventually , if your campaign becomes popular enough , it could be featured on the crowdfunding site ’s homepage .
There have been some amazing success stories about people who have been able to raise life - changing sums of money on crowdfunding sites within a matter of weeks or months .
Why Use Us ?
How much do you offer ?
$ 100 - $ 5,000 No charges Approval Chance ?
Good High approvals !
Is poor / bad credit accepted ?
Yes All can apply
How do I get a loan ?
Apply Online 2 min Application
Do I pay it all back at once ?
No Easy repayments
You Can Still Get Secured Loans
If you ’re looking for a loan that will help you rebuild your credit without requiring you to have good credit to be approved , applying for a secured loan would be your best bet .
With this loan type , you would make a cash deposit to serve as collateral for the loan .
Typically , this deposit will be equal to the amount you ’re borrowing .
Giving a lender money to let you borrow some back from them might seem counter - intuitive , but even though you ’re really only borrowing your own money back it ’s still useful for increasing your credit score .
Thus , in a way it is helping you gain access to unsecured loans so that eventually you ’ll be able to borrow money without having your bad credit stand in the way .
Secured bad credit loans are great options for anyone who is trying to be approved for large loans and lines of credit , as they ’ll help you initiate the process of increasing your score to the level it needs to be in order to qualify for more premium borrowing services .
While the limits will vary , secured lenders are willing to let you borrow any amount equal to the cash deposit you ’ve made up to $ 10,000 .
You Can Pawn Your Vehicle Title or Other Property
Pawning an item or asset can help you borrow money even when you have horrible credit .
If you ’ve reached the end of your rope and you have no other options left , pawning your vehicle title could give you a nice lump sum of cash , especially if your vehicle still has a decent blue book value .
You ’d still be able to drive your car after the vehicle title has been pawned .
The only catch is that it could be repossessed by the title pawn place if you default on the loan .
Also , these are typically short - term loans that must be paid back in just 30 to 90 days , so it ’s not wise to pawn your vehicle title unless you ’re sure you ’ll be able to meet the repayment obligations on time .
The Kinds of Negative Remarks on Your Credit Report Also Matter
Sometimes your credit score alone is n’t enough to deter a potential lender from letting you borrow money .
Instead , they ’ll also look at the kind negative remarks that are on your credit report .
If you ’ve got major issues like defaulted auto loans , utility bills , bankruptcies , repossessions , evictions , or other serious financial problems on your record , you ’ll find that gaining approval for any kind of $ 1000 loan will be much more challenging .
On the other hand , if you have poor credit simply because you did n’t pay a couple of small bills a few years back or you have an insufficient credit history , many alternative lenders will be willing to overlook such petty issues .
Also , some lenders may give you a break if the items have been on your report for more than five years , even though it will take a full seven years for them to no longer show on your report .
Most lenders just want to make sure you do n’t have any large unpaid loans on your credit .
A couple of delinquent credit cards from five years ago wo n’t have nearly the same impact on their decision as an auto loan that was defaulted on in the past year .
In closing , before you assume that your credit report is n’t shiny enough to grant you approval for a loan , you might want to reconsider the severity of your credit situation because it might not be as bad as you thought .
We just announced Seaside 2.8.4 , the fourth maintenance release for Seaside 2.8 .
Again this release is available as a one - click image that comes with the latest code for Seaside , Scriptaculous , RsRss , Comet , Magritte , Pier and various other development tools pre-loaded .
The novelty of the one - click image is that it is based on the latest Pharo core image and that it requires a new closure VM to run .
In the meantime the work on Seaside 2.9 continues .
Throughout history man has been making predictions of the future .
With the advent of technology , the predictions moved away from religious topics to scientific and technological .
Unfortunately for the speakers , many of these failed predictions have been recorded for all future generations to laugh at .
Here is a selection of the 30 best .
Predictions 1 – 10
1 . “ There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home . ” — Ken Olson , president , chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp. ( DEC ) , maker of big business mainframe computers , arguing against the PC in 1977 .
2 . “ We will never make a 32 bit operating system . ” — Bill Gates
3 . “ Lee DeForest has said in many newspapers and over his signature that it would be possible to transmit the human voice across the Atlantic before many years .
Based on these absurd and deliberately misleading statements , the misguided public … has been persuaded to purchase stock in his company … ” — a U.S. District Attorney , prosecuting American inventor Lee DeForest for selling stock fraudulently through the mail for his Radio Telephone Company in 1913 .
4 . “ There is practically no chance communications space satellites will be used to provide better telephone , telegraph , television , or radio service inside the United States . ” — T. Craven , FCC Commissioner , in 1961 ( the first commercial communications satellite went into service in 1965 ) .
5 . “ To place a man in a multi-stage rocket and project him into the controlling gravitational field of the moon where the passengers can make scientific observations , perhaps land alive , and then return to earth – all that constitutes a wild dream worthy of Jules Verne .
I am bold enough to say that such a man -made voyage will never occur regardless of all future advances . ” — Lee DeForest , American radio pioneer and inventor of the vacuum tube , in 1926
6 . “ A rocket will never be able to leave the Earth ’s atmosphere . ” — New York Times , 1936 .
7 . “ Flight by machines heavier than air is unpractical ( sic ) and insignificant , if not utterly impossible . ” – Simon Newcomb ; The Wright Brothers flew at Kittyhawk 18 months later .
8 . “ Heavier - than - air flying machines are impossible . ” — Lord Kelvin , British mathematician and physicist , president of the British Royal Society , 1895 .
9 . “ There will never be a bigger plane built . ” — A Boeing engineer , after the first flight of the 247 , a twin engine plane that holds ten people
10 . “ Nuclear - powered vacuum cleaners will probably be a reality in 10 years . ” -– Alex Lewyt , president of vacuum cleaner company Lewyt Corp. , in the New York Times in 1955 .
Predictions 11 – 20
11 . “ This is the biggest fool thing we have ever done .
The bomb will never go off , and I speak as an expert in explosives . ” — Admiral William D. Leahy , Chief of Staff to the Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy during World War II , advising President Truman on the atomic bomb , 1945 . [6 ]
Leahy admitted the error five years later in his memoirs
12 . “ The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind of thing .
Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine . ” — Ernest Rutherford , shortly after splitting the atom for the first time .
13 . “ There is not the slightest indication that nuclear energy will ever be obtainable .
It would mean that the atom would have to be shattered at will . ” — Albert Einstein , 1932
14 . “ The cinema is little more than a fad .
It ’s canned drama .
What audiences really want to see is flesh and blood on the stage . ” -– Charlie Chaplin , actor , producer , director , and studio founder , 1916
15 . “ The horse is here to stay but the automobile is only a novelty – a fad . ” —
The president of the Michigan Savings Bank advising Henry Ford ’s lawyer , Horace Rackham , not to invest in the Ford Motor Co. , 1903
16 . “ The Americans have need of the telephone , but we do not .
We have plenty of messenger boys . ” — Sir William Preece , Chief Engineer , British Post Office , 1878 .
17 . “ This ‘ telephone ’ has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered as a means of communication .
The device is inherently of no value to us . ” —
A memo at Western Union , 1878 ( or 1876 ) .
18 . “ The world potential market for copying machines is 5000 at most . ” — IBM , to the eventual founders of Xerox , saying the photocopier had no market large enough to justify production , 1959 .
19 .
“ I must confess that my imagination refuses to see any sort of submarine doing anything but suffocating its crew and floundering at sea . ” — HG Wells , British novelist , in 1901 .
20 . “ X - rays will prove to be a hoax . ” — Lord Kelvin , President of the Royal Society , 1883 .
Predictions 21 – 30
21 . “ The idea that cavalry will be replaced by these iron coaches is absurd .
It is little short of treasonous . ” — Comment of Aide - de- camp to Field Marshal Haig , at tank demonstration , 1916 .
22 . “ How , sir , would you make a ship sail against the wind and currents by lighting a bonfire under her deck ?
I pray you , excuse me , I have not the time to listen to such nonsense . ” — Napoleon Bonaparte , when told of Robert Fulton ’s steamboat , 1800s .
23 . “ Fooling around with alternating current is just a waste of time .
Nobody will use it , ever . ” — Thomas Edison , American inventor , 1889 ( Edison often ridiculed the arguments of competitor George Westinghouse for AC power ) .
24 . “ Home Taping Is Killing Music ” — A 1980s campaign by the BPI , claiming that people recording music off the radio onto cassette would destroy the music industry .
25 . “ Television wo n’t last .
It ’s a flash in the pan . ” — Mary Somerville , pioneer of radio educational broadcasts , 1948 .
26 . “ [ Television ] wo n’t be able to hold on to any market it captures after the first six months .
People will soon get tired of staring at a plywood box every night . ” — Darryl Zanuck , movie producer , 20th Century Fox , 1946 .
27 . “ When the Paris Exhibition [ of 1878 ] closes , electric light will close with it and no more will be heard of it . ” – Oxford professor Erasmus Wilson
28 . “ Dear Mr. President :
The canal system of this country is being threatened by a new form of transportation known as ‘ railroads ’ …
As you may well know , Mr. President , ‘ railroad ’ carriages are pulled at the enormous speed of 15 miles per hour by ‘ engines ’ which , in addition to endangering life and limb of passengers , roar and snort their way through the countryside , setting fire to crops , scaring the livestock and frightening women and children .
The Almighty certainly never intended that people should travel at such breakneck speed . ” — Martin Van Buren , Governor of New York , 1830 ( ? ) .
29 .
“ Rail travel at high speed is not possible because passengers , unable to breathe , would die of asphyxia . ” — Dr Dionysys Larder ( 1793 -1859 ) , professor of Natural Philosophy and Astronomy , University College London .
30 .
“ The wireless music box has no imaginable commercial value .
Who would pay for a message sent to no one in particular ? ” — Associates of David Sarnoff responding to the latter ’s call for investment in the radio in 1921 .
This article is licensed under the GFDL .
It uses material from the Wikipedia article : Failed Predictions
“ Guantánamo ’s Hidden History : Shocking Statistics of Starvation ” is a report I ’ve compiled for Cageprisoners analyzing the weight records for prisoners at Guantánamo ( released by the Pentagon in March 2007 ) , which demonstrate that , from January 2002 , when the prison opened , until February 2007 , when these particular records came to an end , one in ten of the total population — 80 prisoners in total — weighed , at some point , less than 112 pounds ( eight stone , or 50 kg ) , and 20 of these prisoners weighed less than 98 pounds ( seven stone , or 44 kg ) .
The report is available here ( as a PDF ) :
Guantanamo ’s Hidden History : Shocking Statistics Of Starvation
The following is the introduction to the report :
Today is the third anniversary of the deaths in Guantánamo of three prisoners , Ali al - Salami , Mani al - Utaybi and Yasser al - Zahrani .
The anniversary comes just two weeks after the second anniversary of the death of Abdul Rahman al - Amri , the fourth prisoner to die in mysterious circumstances , and just eight days after the death of a fifth prisoner , Muhammad Salih .
The authorities maintain that the men died by committing suicide , although doubts about this explanation have repeatedly been voiced by former prisoners .
However , it is also significant that all five men were long - term hunger strikers .
Cageprisoners is marking this sad anniversary with a brief report about the Guantánamo hunger strikers , and the dreadful toll that prolonged starvation — and brutal force - feeding , which is the response of the US military — exacts on prisoners held , for the most part , without charge or trial in a seemingly endless legal limbo .
Force - feeding involves prisoners being strapped into a restraint chair and force - fed twice daily against their will , through an agonizing process that involves having a tube inserted into the stomach through the nose .
As Clive Stafford Smith , the lawyer for several dozen Guantánamo prisoners , explained in the Los Angeles Times in 2007 , with reference to Sami al - Haj , who was released in May 2008 , “ Medical ethics tell us that you cannot force - feed a mentally competent hunger striker , as he has the right to complain about his mistreatment , even unto death .
But the Pentagon knows that a prisoner starving himself to death would be abysmal PR , so they force - feed Sami .
As if that were not enough , when Gen. Bantz J. Craddock headed up the US Southern Command , he announced that soldiers had started making hunger strikes less ‘ convenient . ’
Rather than leave a feeding tube in place , they insert and remove it twice a day . ”
Statistics can be deceiving , of course , but three months ago , when Ramzi Kassem , the lawyer for Ahmed Zuhair , one of Guantánamo ’s most persistent hunger strikers , came back from a recent visit to the prison , he estimated that Zuhair weighed no more than 100 pounds , and “ also appeared to be ill , vomiting repeatedly during meetings ” at the prison .
“ Mr. Zuhair lifted his orange shirt and showed me his chest , ” Kassem explained .
“ It was skeletal . “
He added , “ Mr. Zuhair ’s legs looked like bones with skin wrapped tight around them . ”
While this is disturbingly thin , given that an average , healthy man weights between 150 and 200 pounds , Cageprisoners ’ latest report only confirms that it is typical of the skeletal state of Guantánamo ’s long - term hunger strikers .
In March 2007 , the Pentagon released a series of documents , “ Measurements of Heights and Weights of Individuals Detained by the Department of Defense at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , ” which recorded , in numbing detail , the prisoners ’ weights , from the date of their arrival and , in general , at monthly intervals thereafter until December 2006 , when these particular records come to an end .
In the cases of prisoners on hunger strike , the weights were recorded at weekly intervals , and , in some cases , on a daily basis .
Unnoticed at the time of their release , these documents have not , until now , been analyzed in depth , but after conducting a comprehensive review of the documents I can reveal that the results demonstrate the extent to which the Pentagon ’s prohibition on releasing any photos of the prisoners has enabled it to disguise a truly shocking fact : throughout Guantánamo ’s history , one in ten of the total population — 80 prisoners in total — weighed , at some point , less than 112 pounds ( eight stone , or 50 kg ) , and 20 of these prisoners weighed less than 98 pounds ( seven stone , or 44 kg ) .
If photos of these prisoners had been made available , it is , I believe , no understatement to say that calls for Guantánamo ’s closure would have been much more strident than they have been , and as dozens of prisoners are still on hunger strike , the fear is that , unless President Obama steps up his efforts to close Guantánamo before his January 2010 deadline , more will follow .
Andy Worthington
For Cageprisoners
10 June 2009
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed , and also see my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , published in March 2009 .
For a sequence of articles dealing with the hunger strikes and deaths at Guantánamo , see Suicide at Guantánamo : the story of Abdul Rahman al - Amri ( May 2007 ) , Suicide at Guantánamo : a response to the US military ’s allegations that Abdul Rahman al - Amri was a member of al - Qaeda ( May 2007 ) , Shaker Aamer , A South London Man in Guantánamo : The Children Speak ( July 2007 ) , Guantánamo : al - Jazeera cameraman Sami al - Haj fears that he will die ( September 2007 ) , The long suffering of Mohammed al - Amin , a Mauritanian teenager sent home from Guantánamo ( October 2007 ) , Guantánamo suicides : so who ’s telling the truth ?
( October 2007 ) , Innocents and Foot Soldiers : The Stories of the 14 Saudis Just Released From Guantánamo ( Yousef al - Shehri and Murtadha Makram ) ( November 2007 ) , A letter from Guantánamo ( by Al - Jazeera cameraman Sami al - Haj ) ( January 2008 ) , A Chinese Muslim ’s desperate plea from Guantánamo ( March 2008 ) , Sami al - Haj : the banned torture pictures of a journalist in Guantánamo ( April 2008 ) , The forgotten anniversary of a Guantánamo suicide ( May 2008 ) , Binyam Mohamed embarks on hunger strike to protest Guantánamo charges ( June 2008 ) , Second anniversary of triple suicide at Guantánamo ( June 2008 ) , Guantánamo Suicide Report : Truth or Travesty ?
( August 2008 ) , The Pentagon Can’t Count : 22 Juveniles Held at Guantánamo ( November 2008 ) , Seven Years Of Guantánamo , And A Call For Justice At Bagram ( January 2009 ) , British torture victim Binyam Mohamed to be released from Guantánamo ( January 2009 ) , Do n’t Forget Guantánamo ( February 2009 ) , Who ’s Running Guantánamo ? ( February 2009 ) , Obama ’s “ Humane ” Guantánamo Is A Bitter Joke ( February 2009 ) , Forgotten in Guantánamo : British resident Shaker Aamer ( March 2009 ) , Guantánamo ’s Long - Term Hunger Striker Should Be Sent Home ( March 2009 ) , Guantánamo , Bagram and the “ Dark Prison ” : Binyam Mohamed talks to Moazzam Begg ( March 2009 ) , Forgotten : The Second Anniversary Of A Guantánamo Suicide ( May 2009 ) , Yemeni Prisoner Muhammad Salih Dies At Guantánamo ( June 2009 ) , Death At Guantánamo Hovers Over Obama ’s Middle East Visit ( June 2009 ) .
Also see the following online chapters of The Guantánamo Files : Website Extras 2 ( Ahmed Kuman , Mohammed Haidel ) , Website Extras 3 ( Abdullah al - Yafi , Abdul Rahman Shalabi ) , Website Extras 4 ( Bakri al - Samiri , Murtadha Makram ) , Website Extras 5 ( Ali Mohsen Salih , Ali Yahya al - Raimi , Abu Bakr Alahdal , Tarek Baada , Abdul al - Razzaq Salih ) .
County Board Decriminalizes Small Amount of Marijuana But Stroger Threatens Veto
By Marcus Gilmer in News on Jul 22 , 2009 2:40 PM
Image via Wikipedia Commons According to the Sun-Times , she said :
“ They got my grandson ... he had a half of joint in the car .
They stopped him .
They took him to the police station .
They impounded his car and let him out the next morning .
Why do that ?
A lot of kids make a mistake , have a little marijuana , and they can avoid going to jail or court . ”
Sheriff Tom Dart was caught by surprise , saying he expected a series of public hearings before the issue was brought up for a vote .
Cook County Board President Todd Stroger was also taken by surprise and indicated in an interview on WGN Radio that he may be looking to veto rather than sign the measure : " I do n't know how this popped up , and I have n't done a lot of research .
Off the top of my head , I do n't think it 's such a great idea .
I 'm not really an advocate of trying to decriminalize the drug that people start before they move on to the higher stuff . "
The Sun-Times talked to Republican commissioner Gregg Goslin who opposed the measure and Goslin said , “ You ca n’t have a patchwork quilt of law in every county .
That law should be voted on at the state level . "
Marijuana has been a hot topic these days in the state as a medical marjiuana bill remains in limbo in the general assembly - with a November 30 , 2009 deadline - and U.S. Rep.
Mark Kirk , who recently announced his campaign for U.S. Senate , wants tougher penalties for more potent forms of marijuana .
Under current state law , possession of under 2.5 grams is a Class C misdemeanor ( up to 30 days in jail plus fine ) and between 2.5 grams and 10 grams is a Class B misdemeanor ( 30 days to six months in jail plus fine ) [ via General Assembly ] .
Under the new ordinance , a first - time offense would also stay off one 's criminal record .
10 grams does n't amount to all that much ; would a $ 200 ticket really be all that horrible , especially given that Governor Quinn has mulled over releasing 10,000 non-violent prisoners in an effort to save the state money in the face of a huge multi-billion dollar budget gap ?
Pot was n't the only matter of business that raised interest at yesterday 's meeting .
We 'll have a quick look at another tax roll - back coming up in a bit .
Consumers will need to pay more for energy if the UK is to have any chance of developing the technologies needed to tackle climate change , according to a group of leading scientists and engineers .
In a Royal Society study to be published today , the experts said that the government must put research into alternatives to fossil fuel much higher among its priorities , and argued that current policy in the area was " half - hearted " .
" We have adapted to an energy price which is unrealistically low if we 're going to try and preserve the environment , " John Shepherd , a climate scientist at Southampton University and co-author of the report said .
" We have to allow the economy to adapt to higher energy prices through carbon prices and that will then make things like renewables and nuclear more economic , as carbon - based alternatives become more expensive . "
Shepherd admitted higher energy costs would be a hard sell to the public , but said it was not unthinkable .
Part of the revenue could be generated by a carbon tax that took the place of VAT , so that the cost of an item took into account the energy and carbon footprint of a product .
This would allow people to make appropriate decisions on their spending , and also raise cash for research into alternatives .
" Our research expenditure on non-fossil energy sources is 0.2 % of what we spend on energy itself , " said Shepherd .
" Multiplying that by 10 would be a very sensible thing to do .
We 're spending less than 1 % on probably the biggest problem we 've faced in many decades . "
He said that the priority should be to decarbonise the UK 's electricity supply .
Measures such as the government 's recent support for electric cars , he said , would be of no use unless the electricity they used came from carbon - free sources .
Though the creation of the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( DECC ) was a good move , Shepherd said : " We 've had a lot of good talk but we still have remarkably little in the way of action . "
He cited the recent DECC proposals on carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) as an example .
The department plans to legislate that any new coal - fired power station must demonstrate CCS on a proportion of its output .
Once the technology is proven , a judgment made by the EnvironmentAgency around 2020 , power plants would have five years to scale up to full CCS .
Shepherd said the proposals were not bold enough .
" Really , it needs to be ' no new coal unless you have 90 % emissions reductions by 2020 ' .
That is achievable and , if that were a clear signal , industry would get on and do it .
It 's taken a long time for that signal to come through and now that it has , it 's a half - hearted message . "
A spokesperson for DECC argued that its proposed regulatory measures were " the most environmentally ambitious in the world , and would see any new coal power stations capturing at least 20 - 25 % of their carbon emissions from day one " .
Ed Miliband , energy and climate change secretary , said that a white paper due next month will lay out how Britain will source its energy for the coming decades .
" This white paper will be the first time we 've set out our vision of an energy mix in the context of carbon budgets and climate change targets .
We have identified ways to tackle the challenges – we will need a mix of renewables , clean fossil fuels and nuclear and we 're already making world - leading progress in those areas .
It 's a transition plan , a once in a generation statement of how the UK will make the historic and permanent move to a low - carbon economy with emissions cut by at least 80 % in the middle of the century . "
The Royal Society report will argue that energy policy has been too fragmented and short - term in its outlook , with a tendency to hunt for silver - bullet solutions to climate change .
" That really is n't the case .
What we need is a portfolio of solutions , horses for courses , " said Shepherd .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran has no missile or nuclear cooperation with North Korea , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Monday , after North Korea conducted a second and far more powerful nuclear test .
Former U.S. President George W. Bush branded both countries as part of an “ axis of evil , ” but Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful electricity generation .
The West suspects its work has military aims .
“ We do n’t have any cooperation ( with North Korea ) in this field .
We oppose the production , the amassing and proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , ” Ahmadinejad told a news conference .
Scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan , revered by many Pakistanis as the father of the country ’s nuclear bomb , confessed to selling nuclear secrets to Iran , North Korea and Libya in 2004 .
Military experts say Iran ’s Shahab - 3 missile is based on the North Korean Nodong missile .
Tehran says Shahab - 3 has a range of 2,000 km ( 1,200 miles ) , which defense analysts say would put Israel and U.S. bases in the Gulf within range .
Iran last week said it test - fired another missile -- Sejil 2 -- with a similar range , a move likely to spark new Western concern about its nuclear ambitions .
Ahmadinejad said weapons of mass destruction were against humanity and the world should get rid of them .
“ Why should the people of the two Koreas and China and Japan have disputes which each other ?
They are all from the same culture .
Threat is to everybody ’s disadvantage , ” he said .
AFP
IN THE boom years , migrants picked fruit in southern California 's orange groves , worked on construction sites in Spain and Ireland , designed software in Silicon Valley and toiled in factories all over the rich world .
Many will continue to do so , despite the economic downturn .
But as unemployment rises in most rich countries , attitudes towards migrants are hardening .
Attacks on Romanians in Northern Ireland and on Indian students in Australia are the most visible and disturbing manifestations of growing xenophobia .
In response , many governments are also tightening their migration policies , according to a report published by the OECD on Tuesday June 30th .
Governments are reducing quotas for foreign workers and imposing tougher entry requirements on them in an effort to control the flow .
Some are even paying existing migrants to go home .
Several countries have cut the numbers of people allowed to enter through official programmes .
Spain let in 15,731 foreign recruits under its “ contingente ” scheme in 2008 , but slashed the quota to a tiny 901 this year .
The Italian government has announced that no non-seasonal workers will be admitted in 2009 , whereas 70,000 were officially admitted in 2008 .
South Korea welcomed 72,000 migrants under its Employment Permit Scheme last year , but this year 's limit is set at 17,000 .
And Australia , which had earlier said that 133,500 skilled migrants could enter the country this year , has now lowered the limit to 108,100 .
Many rich countries maintain lists of occupations for which there is a shortage of domestic workers , giving foreigners with the appropriate skills preferential treatment .
Several countries have reduced the scope of such lists drastically .
In Spain , for example , the list issued in October 2008 had nearly a third less professions listed than the previous version .
Some countries have made it harder for employers to hire foreigners by making them jump through more hoops than before .
In Britain , for example , employers hoping to hire certain kinds of skilled foreigners face tougher rules about where job advertisements must be placed .
In America , the “ Employ American Workers Act ” attached to the fiscal stimulus bill , puts stricter conditions than before on any company that receives government bail - out money and wants to hire skilled foreigners under the country 's H - 1B visa programme .
As a result , some American banks and other financial - services firms have rescinded job offers to foreign - born graduates of American universities and postgraduate programmes .
Some of those who have the paperwork allowing them to work are finding it harder than ever to renew their permits .
Some countries are getting creative in their attempts to reduce not just fresh flows of migrants , but also the stock of migrants already present , by encouraging people to go home .
Some migrants to Spain from outside the EU , for example , became eligible in November last year for a portion of their Spanish benefits if they returned home and promised not to return for three years .
The Czech government is promising to provide the air - fare and € 500 ( $ 704 ) to workers who have been laid off .
About 1,100 , mostly contract labourers from Mongolia , had accepted by the end of March .
Given that many more locals find themselves without jobs in the downturn , it may seem sensible to limit immigration .
It is hardly surprising that Spain , where unemployment is 18 % , is looking particularly hard for ways to stop migrant flows .
But the OECD 's analysis points to several problems with this .
Lessons from the 1970s , when the recession that followed the oil - price spikes led Germany , France , and Belgium to clamp down on immigration , suggest that such anti-migrant rules can persist even when they have outlived their use .
In general , given the politics , it is much easier to tighten controls , as countries are doing now , than to loosen them when the economy starts growing again .
There are also genuine shortages of workers in some professions , such as medicine and certain technical jobs such as engineering , which locals cannot easily and quickly retrain for .
Clamping down on the total flow of migrants , therefore , risks making such shortages worse .
In addition , some measures to limit official migration , such as making it harder for temporary work - permit holders to renew their permission to stay , risk pushing people into staying on illegally .
Paying someone to go back home for three years , for example , would be counterproductive if the economy rebounds by the end of 2010 and such workers are in demand once again .
When the world economy emerges from the doldrums , some countries that have passed legislation restricting the ability of local companies to hire foreigners may find themselves lacking the flexibility that migrants bring .
Migrant workers , for example , accounted for over two - fifths of employment growth between 2003 and 2007 in Austria , Denmark , Italy and Spain , and 71 % in the same period in Britain .
money - printing
The RilakKuma is what 's known in the business as adevice .
It might have the same spec -- Atom N270 , 1GB memory and 160 GB storage -- as every netbook since the time of Moses , but its killer feature is a set of eyes and whiskers painted on the lid .
Having once already cashed in on popular children 's characters , Bandai is clearly not shy about exploiting its intellectual assets in peddling outdated 8.9 - inch 1024x600 displays to the undemanding youth .
Only 500 units will be produced , making this a pretty exclusive item and the price is unsurprisingly steep : ¥ 79,800 ( $ 862 ) .
Integrated WiFi and a 1Seg tuner go some way toward rationalizing the cost , but let 's be frank , rationality does n't play a huge role in a purchase like this .
Widow a wedge between zoo 's male penguin pair SAN FRANCISCO ZOO
Everyone who works at the San Francisco Zoo knows about Harry and Pepper , two male Magellanic penguins who share a burrow on Penguin Island .
They have been cohabitating for six years , even hatching a surrogate chick together and raising it as two proud gay daddies .
They show all the behaviors of a heterosexual penguin couple - building a nest together , preening each others ' feathers and love - tapping beaks .
They just happen to be the only two dude penguins with the same address on Penguin Island .
All was domestic bliss until their next - door neighbor Fig died , widowing his mate , Linda .
" Whenever there 's a single bird on the island , there 's always a mad dash to find another mate or lose their burrow , " said Harrison Edell , curator of birds .
In this case , it was Harry who strayed .
He walked next door and bunked down with Linda in March , just in time for breeding season .
They built a nest together , and Linda laid two eggs .
Pepper ventured in their burrow a few times in the three weeks after the breakup , prompting a temporary monthlong trip to the Avian Conservation Center on zoo grounds to chill out .
A few other bachelor penguins , which were also looking for love and causing trouble , were sent to the center to calm down .
No sparks flew between Pepper and the exiled bachelors , but the vacation seemed to help get Harry out of his system .
Pepper is now back on the island , living next door to his ex and Linda .
Everyone appears to be getting along .
No one is throwing things , spreading gossip or threatening lawsuits , Edell said .
" We 're all curious to see who Pepper turns his attention to next , " Edell said .
" We have more males than females on the island , so there 's that possibility - and we also have some younger females who need to mature before he will find them interesting .
We just do n't know which way he 's going to go . "
But if he 's truly a homosexual animal , he is n't the only one at the San Francisco Zoo .
Edell said zookeepers have seen the apes and the chimpanzees same - sex canoodling , and there 's a lesbian black swan couple who have been laying eggs together in the same nest for several years .
Edell is getting quite a lot of e-mail from people who are outraged that Harry and Pepper split up .
" People think we separated them on purpose , " Edell said .
" There 's no explaining love . "
The airliner landed at Glasgow only 35 minutes late Holidaymakers avoided a long delay to their flight home when a passenger fixed a mechanical problem with their plane .
Passengers on Thomas Cook flight TCX9641 from Menorca were told to expect an eight - hour wait while an engineer was flown out from the UK .
One passenger then identified himself as a qualified aircraft engineer and offered to try to remedy the fault .
He was successful , and the plane landed in Glasgow only 35 minutes late .
A spokeswoman for Thomas Cook said the company followed strict procedures to ensure the man was qualified to work on the aircraft , a Boeing 757- 200 , during the incident on Saturday .
The passenger worked for another airline , Thomson Airways , which has a reciprocal maintenance agreement with Thomas Cook .
It was reassuring to know the person who had fixed it was still on the aeroplane
Keith Lomax
" When they announced there was a technical problem he came forward and said who he was , " she said .
" We checked his licence and verified he was who he said he was , and he was able to fix the problem to avoid the delay .
" We are very grateful that he was on the flight that day . "
Holidaymaker Keith Lomax , from Stirling , was travelling home from a week 's break with his wife when the plane 's captain announced the expected delay .
" We were in the plane , ready for take - off , when he announced there was a technical problem and that an engineer might have to be flown out from Manchester to fix it , " he said .
" Then a stewardess told us there was an engineer on board and they were checking out to see if he could work on it .
He was obviously successful .
When he came back onto the plane there was a round of applause from the back of the aircraft .
" It was reassuring to know the person who had fixed it was still on the aeroplane .
What are the odds of something like that happening ? "
Chris Browne , managing director of Thomson Airways , said she was " delighted " that one of the company 's engineers came to the rescue of fellow passengers " even when the flight was that of a competitor " .
She added : " This kind of initiative exemplifies Thomson 's company philosophy of exceeding customer 's expectations and it makes all of the team at Thomson Airways extremely proud .
" Flight delays can be very frustrating for everyone involved so it was gratifying that a qualified Thomson engineer , who has been with the company for 27 years , was in the right place at the right time . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Las Cabezas de San Juan Nature Reserve
Telephone : 722 5882 ( weekday reservations ) , 860 2560 ( weekend reservations )
Opening times : Wednesday to Sunday , reservations are required because of the popularity of the reserve .
English language tours 2pm
Fajardo , on the Atlantic Ocean east coast of Puerto Rico , is the island 's scuba diving Mecca .
Dozens of boating companies offer charters and diving excursions on a range of craft , most based at the town 's Puerto del Rey Marina , the largest marina in the Caribbean .
Besides having two beautiful beaches just minutes away from town , there are also several uninhabited small islets just offshore , surrounded by coral reefs , and the neighbouring islands of Vieques and Culebra connected by ferry and air charters .
Fajardo is thus in striking distance of a variety of watersports playgrounds .
Fajardo's forest - fringed public beaches , Seven Seas Beach and Luquillo Beach , offer calm , clear waters ideal for snorkelling and swimming , and are equipped with cafes , ablution blocks and lifeguards .
For landlubbers , or those wanting a break from the ocean blue , the area also sports El Yunque , the only tropical rain forest administered by the United States National Forest Service , noted for its biodiversity and stunning walking trails .
Fajardo town itself does not offer much in the way of attractions , but it serves as an accommodation centre for this delightful part of Puerto Rico .
It is also a social hub for holidaymakers thanks to the presence of the luxurious Wyndham El Conquistador resort , which has a lively casino and world - class golf course .
Located on three promontories on the extreme northeast corner of the island , Las Cabezas reserve is one of the most beautiful and bio-diverse natural areas in Puerto Rico .
The reserve is close to Fajardo , a major marina and diving resort , about an hour 's drive from San Juan .
The area offers pristine beaches ideal for snorkelling .
The reserve contains seven different ecological systems including coral reefs , sandy beaches , lagoons , mangroves and dry forest .
It is also home to several endangered species .
Boardwalk trails provide easy access .
A restored 19th century lighthouse , El Faro , is situated on one of the headlands and offers an information centre and observation deck .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The mayor of London , Boris Johnson , has dismissed the £ 250,000 - a- year he earns from a controversial second job as " chicken feed " .
Johnson also insisted it was " wholly reasonable " for him to write newspaper columns on the side because he did them " very fast " .
The comments risk infuriating millions of Londoners struggling to make ends meet amid the economic downturn .
They are also unlikely to please David Cameron , who has ordered his shadow cabinet to give up extra work in the run-up to the general election to show their " commitment " .
Johnson , who is paid nearly £ 140,000 for his day job , was questioned over his lucrative contract with the Daily Telegraph during an interview for the BBC 's HARDTalk programme .
He responded " It 's chicken feed . "
Pressed on whether voters would agree with that description , the mayor said he was being " frivolous " .
But he went on : " I happen to write extremely fast .
I do n't see why on a Sunday morning I should n't knock off an article , if someone wants to pay me for that article then that 's their lookout and of course I make a substantial donation to charity .
" Maybe that money should n't go to charity , maybe you 'd rather I did n't make those contributions to charity .
It seems to me to be a wholly reasonable thing to do . "
Johnson said : " I think that frankly there 's absolutely no reason at all why I should not , on a Sunday morning before I do whatever else I need to do on a Sunday morning , should not knock off an article as a way of relaxation . "
Johnson decided to continue with his columns for the Telegraph after being elected last year , but donates £ 50,000 from his annual fee to charities .
Liberal Democrat frontbencher Norman Baker said : " There is nothing wrong with people writing newspaper columns but this is an enormous amount of money and for Boris Johnson to dismiss it as ' chicken feed ' shows just how out of touch he and the Conservative party are from the reality of life for millions of Londoners struggling to make ends meet in the depths of a recession . "
His biopic of Che Guevara recouped half its budget and his Brad Pitt - starring baseball film was pulled five days before the shoot began .
The director of Traffic and Erin Brockovich tells Henry Barnes why he might just disappear
Steven Soderbergh does n't sound fine .
A bad telephone line between London and Los Angeles is n't helping , but it 's not wholly to blame for his air of tired resignation .
That crept into his voice as soon as he started talking about Che , his two - part , four - and - a - half - hour - long biopic of Ernesto Guevara .
" Everybody got scarred by [ Che ] a little bit , " Soderbergh says .
" I do n't know how to describe it .
It took a long time to shake off .
It was just such an intense four or five months that it really … "
There is a long pause .
He speaks slowly and evenly .
" You know , for a year after we finished shooting I would still wake up in the morning thinking , ' Thank God I 'm not shooting that film . ' "
Does he wish he had n't done it ?
" Yeah . "
Really ?
" Yeah .
Literally I 'd wake up and think , ' At least I 'm not doing that today . ' "
Soderbergh knew Che ( recently released on DVD in the UK ) might be difficult from the start .
The project was brought to him by its eventual star , Benicio del Toro , and producer Laura Bickford , during the shooting of Traffic – the drug war drama that won Soderbergh the best director Oscar in 2001 .
Che was essentially Del Toro 's baby and Soderbergh , who was interested in the man but nowhere near as smitten as the actor , approached the movie cautiously , heading into the production with what he describes now as a " pretty significant sense of dread " .
Lack of funding fuelled his fear .
And the money was n't there partly because of Soderbergh himself .
In the characteristically noble pursuit of authenticity he decided to film Che in Spanish , a decision that effectively blitzed any hope of finding significant investment within the US .
" It 's a film that , to some extent , needs the support of people who write about films , " he argues .
" If you 'd had all these guys running around talking in accented English you 'd [ have got ] your head taken off . "
Eventually European investors were tapped for $ 58 m ( £ 35 m ) – a paltry figure considering the project 's ambition .
As a result Soderbergh was forced to shoot extremely quickly to stay on budget .
The two parts were filmed over 76 days , four days fewer than for his glitzy Vegas action comedy Ocean 's Eleven , an $ 85 m capitalist fat - cat of a movie in comparison with Che .
" It 's hard to watch it and not to wish we'd had more time , " he says of Che .
" But I can't tell you that if we'd had more time it would be better – it would just be different .
There was an energy and intensity that came out of working that quickly . "
Indeed , Che is easily Soderbergh 's best film since Traffic .
But it was n't a resounding smash at the box office , grossing about $ 30 m worldwide .
Soderbergh blames piracy ( " We got crushed in South America .
We came out in Spain in September of last year and it was everywhere within a matter of days .
It killed it . " ) but it probably did n't help that his film is a foreign - language marathon with an admittedly distant and impersonal lead .
Che seems , in retrospect , like a glorious , sad aberration : a niche - audience epic it would be impossible to commission in these straitened times .
Today , the willingness of the studios to take such a punt has all but evaporated – a fact that Soderbergh is more alive to than most .
" I 'm looking at the landscape and I 'm thinking , ' Hmmm , I do n't know .
A few more years maybe , ' " says Soderbergh .
" And then the stuff that I 'm interested in is only going to be of interest to me . "
It would all sound depressing if Soderbergh did n't pepper his speech with fits of incredulous laughter .
Perhaps the last few years – capped by his recent run-in with Sony over his revised script for Moneyball , a baseball movie starring Brad Pitt , that saw him elbowed off the project – have left him punch - drunk .
" In terms of my career , I can see the end of it , " he says .
" I 've had that sensation for a few years now .
And so I 've got a list of stuff that I want to do – that I hope I can do – and once that 's all finished I may just disappear . "
The list is n't that long .
Already completed are lo-fi relationship drama
The Girlfriend Experience , followed by the breezy Matt Damon comedy , The Informant !
After that there 's another biopic – Michael Douglas as Liberace ; a rock musical of Cleopatra with Douglas 's wife , Catherine Zeta -Jones , and his long - gestating adaptation of John Barth 's picaresque novel , The Sot - Weed Factor .
" Three or four years worth of stuff , " says Soderbergh .
It 's said with resignation , not desperation .
With the voice of someone who has gradually realised what Guevara might not have – that some systems are just too big to beat .
• Che : Parts One and Two are available on DVD and Blu-ray now
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The quest for unlimited economic growth is unsustainable and could bankrupt the environment through climate change and depleted natural resources , Britain ’s Prince Charles said on Wednesday .
Britain's Prince Charles and his wife Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall attend the dedication of the London Bombing Memorial which commemorates the victims of London 's July 7 , 2005 bombings , in Hyde Park , London July 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stephen
Hird
Charles , next - in - line to succeed Queen Elizabeth , said a new economic model must be found because the Earth can no longer support the demands of a growing “ consumerist society ” where growth is an end in itself .
People must realize they are not “ the masters of creation , ” rather just one part of a fragile natural world , he added .
“ Just as our banking sector is struggling with its debts ... so Nature ’s life - support systems are failing to cope with the debts we have built up there too , ” Charles said at a BBC lecture at St James ’s Palace in central London .
“ If we do n’t face up to this , then Nature , the biggest bank of all , could go bust .
“ That is the challenge we face , it seems to me -- to see Nature ’s capital and her processes as the very basis of a new form of economics . ”
Charles , the former husband of the late Princess Diana , has long campaigned on the environment .
His own farm went organic in the 1980s , he publishes details of his estate ’s annual carbon emissions and has developed a sustainable village in western England called Poundbury .
“ Our ability to adapt to the effects of climate change ... depends on us adapting our pursuit of unlimited economic growth to that of sustainable growth , ” he said .
While conceding that industrialization had brought benefits such as better education , prosperity and higher life expectancy , the future king said that progress had come at a price .
Consumption has grown so much in the last 30 years that demands on natural resources now exceed the planet ’s capacity for renewal by a quarter each year , he added .
By 2050 , the world ’s population will swell to about 9 billion people , from the current 3.3 billion , and a higher proportion will expect Western levels of consumption .
Modern farming methods that use fertilizers and pesticides that have helped feed a growing population have taken a “ huge and unsustainable ” toll on ecosystems , he added .
“ Our current model of progress was not designed of course to create all this destruction , ” Charles said .
“ However , given the overwhelming evidence from so many quarters , we have to ask ourselves if it any longer makes sense or whether it is actually fit for purpose . ”
Economic growth has failed to end poverty , stress , ill health and social tensions , he added .
A reformed economy must give more weight to the environment and local communities .
Trivia
Joffrey Boam previously wrote The Dead Zone , which was based on a Stephen King novel and starred Christopher Walken and Martin Sheen .
That film was later turned into a television series , in which Sheen 's role was played by Sean Patrick Flannnery .
Sheen and Walken were reunited in Spielberg 's film Catch Me If You Can .
River Phoenix 's role in this film was also played on television by Sean Patrick Flannery , and this film also reunites him with Bradley Gregg , with whom he appeared in Stand By Me , also based on a Stephen King short story .
See more
The woman who sued Sacha Baron Cohen over a " Bruno " attack now says the actor never struck her , but beat her down emotionally to the point she 's now confined to a wheelchair .
Richelle Olson has amended her lawsuit against Cohen , NBC Universal and others , claiming Cohen and his crew were " replete with deceit , fraud and misrepresentation " when they contacted the charity she ran , offering to send a " celebrity " to her charity bingo tournament for the elderly .
Olson claims the character Bruno showed up and began calling bingo numbers " using vulgar and offensive language over the loud speaker system . "
She says she asked him to stop but he did n't , and the film crew captured her " humiliating emotional reaction . "
The suit claims
Olson left the stage , went into a side room , began sobbing uncontrollably and lost consciousness , falling headfirst into a concrete slab .
As a result , she 's confined to a wheelchair and a walker .
Citing ' Tropical Breezes , ' Sessions Defends Keeping Guantanamo Open
By Paul Kane
Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R - Ala . ) today defended the continued detention of al - Qaeda prisoners at the military facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , calling it a " logical " site that also provides inmates with " tropical breezes . "
Sessions , the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , supports the bipartisan effort to withhold funds sought by the Obama administration to close the controversial facility .
The House is expected to approve tomorrow , by a wide margin , a $ 96 billion war funding bill for Iraq and Afghanistan that does not include the $ 80 million President Obama requested to close down the detention facility .
The Senate Appropriations Committee is also considering a version of the legislation that does not automatically provide the prison - closing funds .
Sessions , who is also a senior member of the Armed Services Committee , said he has visited the site and found it to be completely acceptable as a facility for the 240 alleged terrorists there .
Transferring the prisoners to a continental U.S. site would not result in any better conditions for the prisoners , and keeping them at such a remote location makes it almost impossible for anyone to break them out , Sessions said .
" They would n't be treated any better in the United States , and they would n't have the tropical breezes blowing through , " Sessions said .
The International Red Cross has conducted interviews with roughly 2,000 prisoners who have come through the Guantanamo Bay site , issuing reports that have raised frequent questions about the medical conditions of the detainees and their access to lawyers .
The Fertile Crescent is left dry as Turkish dams reduce the Tigris and Euphrates rivers to a trickle ( Image : AP Photo / Hadi Mizban )
Is it the final curtain for the Fertile Crescent ?
This summer , as Turkish dams reduce the Tigris and Euphrates rivers to a trickle , farmers abandon their desiccated fields across Iraq and Syria , and efforts to revive the Mesopotamian marshes appear to be abandoned , climate modellers are warning that the current drought is likely to become permanent .
The Mesopotamian cradle of civilisation seems to be returning to desert .
Last week , Iraqi ministers called for urgent talks with upstream neighbours Turkey and Syria , after the combination of a second year of drought and dams in those countries cut flow on the Euphrates as it enters Iraq to below 250 cubic metres a second .
That is less than a quarter the flow needed to maintain Iraqi agriculture .
Tensions have been growing since May , when the Iraqi parliament refused to approve a new much - needed trade deal with Turkey unless it contained binding clauses on river flows .
But Turkey appears in no mood to compromise .
In July , it announced the final go - ahead for yet another dam , the Ilisu on the Tigris .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , according to Hassan Partow at the UN Environment Programme , Iraq ’s hydrological misery is compounded by Iran , which is also building new dams on tributaries of the Tigris .
“ Some of these rivers have run completely dry , ” he told New Scientist .
And Iraq itself is set to worsen the problem with its own dam building , he says .
This year construction is set to begin on another Tigris tributary at Bekhme Gorge in Iraq ’s northern province of Kurdistan .
At 230 metres it will be one of the world ’s tallest dams .
Paradise lost
In ancient times , the valleys of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers through Iraq were bountiful – irrigating fields that sustained civilisations like Sumer and cities like Babylon .
But the combination of drought , dams and Iraq ’s own desire to revive its agriculture is placing huge pressure on the last remnant of that bounty , the Mesopotamian marshes , which form where the Tigris and Euphrates meet and flow to the sea .
The marshes were deliberately drained by Saddam Hussein .
But after 2003 , there was an international effort to revive them .
The UN Environment Programme reported on progress until 2006 , when the Iraqi water ministry took over monitoring .
As concerns grew that the Iraqi government was once again diverting scarce water away from the marshes to maintain agriculture , reporting abruptly stopped .
“ The marshes are getting smaller , ” says Azzam Alwash , an Iraqi - American campaigner for their revival .
Drought has helped precipitate the crisis .
The most detailed assessment of the Fertile Crescent ’s future under climate change suggests flow on the Euphrates could fall by 73 per cent .
“ The ancient Fertile Crescent will disappear in this century , ” forecasts Akio Kitoh of Japan ’s Meteorological Research Institute in Tsukuba , Japan .
“ The process has already begun . ”
[ Correction : Sumeria changed to Sumer ( 29 July 2009 ) ]
The Koenigsegg Quant impressive solar sportcar designed by Swedish car manufacturer , they told to newspaper that they are set to start making them in limited numbers in the not - too - distant future .
The Koenigsegg Quant has 512hp , goes 0 - 62 in 5.2 seconds and can hit a top speed of 275 km / h. it features a thin solar coating on the bodywork to top up power and can be charged in only 20 minutes ( not all through solar ) that give the car a range of 500 kilometers .
via
The Bush administration has prepared a list of terrorist leaders the Central Intelligence Agency is authorized to kill , if capture is impractical and civilian casualties can be minimized , senior military and intelligence officials said .
The previously undisclosed C.I.A. list includes key Qaeda leaders like Osama bin Laden and his chief deputy , Ayman al - Zawahiri , as well as other principal figures from Al Qaeda and affiliated terrorist groups , the officials said .
The names of about two dozen terrorist leaders have recently been on the lethal - force list , officials said .
'' It 's the worst of the worst , '' an official said .
President Bush has provided written legal authority to the C.I.A. to hunt down and kill the terrorists without seeking further approval each time the agency is about to stage an operation .
Some officials said the terrorist list was known as the ' ' high - value target list . ''
A spokesman for the White House declined to discuss the list or issues involving the use of lethal force against terrorists .
A spokesman for the C.I.A. also declined to comment on the list .
Despite the authority given to the agency , Mr. Bush has not waived the executive order banning assassinations , officials said .
The presidential authority to kill terrorists defines operatives of Al Qaeda as enemy combatants and thus legitimate targets for lethal force .
HostCats.com
We 've got the perfect hosting plan for your next server , site , app , platform , or blog - all backed by your award - winning 24/7 support .
U2's world tour might make an enormous impression with its giant claw , but the environmental impact is reportedly just as staggering .
According to an environmental group , the band 's 44 concert dates this year have the equivalent carbon footprint of a return flight to Mars .
And U2 have the same number of shows planned for 2010 .
" Looking at the 44 concerts , U2 will create enough carbon to fly all 90,000 people attending one of their Wembley dates ( in London ) to Dublin , " Helen Roberts , an environmental consultant for carbonfootprint.com , told the Belfast Telegraph .
Put another way , U2's CO2 emissions are reportedly the equivalent to the average annual waste produced by 6,500 British people , or the same as leaving a lightbulb running for 159,000 years .
Environmentalists ' criticism of U2 comes within a year of Bono's " prayer " that " we become better in looking after our planet " .
The band could cut their emissions by almost 75 % by using sea , not air , to ship their three 390 - tonne stages to North America .
Even then , their emissions would be three times higher than Madonna 's 2006 world tour , according to the Belfast Telegraph .
Though U2 may yet announce that they are paying to carbon offset their world tour – they would need to plant 20,118 trees a year , according to Roberts – at least one fan has argued that the environmental damage is worth the price .
" The carbon footprint of this might be quite large , but the spiritual rewards to the audience of this are those that enhance a life , " Mark Reed wrote in a review for the Final Word website .
" If all life were bread and water , then there would be nothing to lift mankind above the amoeba . "
And amoebas can't listen to Where the Streets Have No Name .
Peace in our time .
09/30/2020 Kari's not happy about something .
Click here to comment on today 's page
The Beatles : Rock Band is set to hit stores Sept. 9 , and you can get a preview of how it will look by checking out the trailer .
According to Rolling Stone , the game ’s design shows “ amazing attention to detail ” and depicts the Beatles performing in a variety of settings , such as Liverpool and on the “ Ed Sullivan Show ” stage .
Worth Playing ( via : Rolling Stone ) is also reporting the contents of the track list , which was purportedly leaked .
The featured songs are listed below , with the albums they ’re from in italics above .
Abbey Road is the most represented single disc release here , with five of its tracks being chosen .
Singles :
I Want To Hold Your Hand
I Feel Fine
Day Tripper
Paperback Writer
Revolution
Do n’t Let Me Down
Please Please Me :
I Saw Her Standing There
Boys
Do You Want To Know A Secret
Twist and Shout
With the Beatles :
I Wanna Be Your Man
A Hard Day ’s Night :
A Hard Day ’s Night
Ca n’t Buy Me Love
Beatles For Sale :
Eight Days a Week
Help !:
Ticket To Ride
Rubber Soul :
Drive My Car
I ’m Looking Through You
If I Needed Someone
Revolver :
Taxman
Yellow Submarine
And Your Bird Can Sing
Sgt. Pepper ’s Lonely Hearts Club Band :
Sgt. Pepper ’s Lonely Hearts Club Band / With a Little Help From My Friends
Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds
Getting Better
Good Morning Good Morning
Magical Mystery Tour :
I Am The Walrus
Hello Goodbye
The Beatles ( White Album ) :
Dear Prudence
Back In the U.S.S.R .
While My Guitar Gently Weeps
Birthday
Helter Skelter
Yellow Submarine :
Hey Bulldog
Abbey Road :
Come Together
Something
Octopus ’s Garden
I Want You ( She ’s So Heavy )
Here Comes the Sun
Let It Be :
Dig a Pony
I Me Mine
I Got a Feeling
Get Back
Love :
Within You Without You / Tomorrow Never Knows
He spoke of his grandfather , a cook for the British in Kenya called " boy ' ' by his employers .
He spoke of his father herding goats in a tiny village , and he spoke of the problems that have persisted across the African continent .
" It is easy to point fingers , and to pin the blame for these problems on others , '' he said .
" Yes , a colonial map that made little sense bred conflict , and the West has often approached Africa as a patron , rather than a partner .
" But the West is not responsible for the destruction of the Zimbabwean economy over the last decade , or wars in which children are enlisted as combatants , '' he said .
" Here in Ghana , you show us a face of Africa that is too often overlooked by a world that sees only tragedy or the need for charity .
The people of Ghana have worked hard to put democracy on a firmer footing , with peaceful transfers of power even in the wake of closely contested elections ...
Africa ’s future is up to Africans .
...[ T]o realize that promise , we must first recognize the fundamental truth that you have given life to in Ghana : Development depends on good governance .
That is the ingredient which has been missing in far too many places , for far too long .
That 's the change that can unlock Africa 's potential .
And that is a responsibility that can only be met by Africans .
This is about more than just holding elections .
It 's also about what happens between elections .
( Applause . )
Repression can take many forms , and too many nations , even those that have elections , are plagued by problems that condemn their people to poverty .
No country is going to create wealth if its leaders exploit the economy to enrich themselves -- ( applause ) -- or if police -- if police can be bought off by drug traffickers .
( Applause . )
No business wants to invest in a place where the government skims 20 percent off the top -- ( applause ) -- or the head of the Port Authority is corrupt .
No person wants to live in a society where the rule of law gives way to the rule of brutality and bribery .
( Applause . )
That is not democracy , that is tyranny , even if occasionally you sprinkle an election in there .
And now is the time for that style of governance to end .
( Applause . )
In the 21st century , capable , reliable , and transparent institutions are the key to success -- strong parliaments ; honest police forces ; independent judges -- ( applause ) ; an independent press ; a vibrant private sector ; a civil society .
( Applause . )
Those are the things that give life to democracy , because that is what matters in people 's everyday lives ...
With better governance , I have no doubt that Africa holds the promise of a broader base of prosperity .
Obama gave an inspiring speech to the Ghanian parliament yesterday .
The guy 's so eloquent and such an effective communicator .
He gave the parliamentarians -- the African ruling elites throughout the continent -- a lesson in tough love The official White House transcript is available .
For the billions of people in the third world , corruption drains away resources and condemns the overwhelming majority of people to lives unfulfilled , not to mention to lives in which hunger , disease , abject poverty , and despair are dominant forces .
Obama spent a great deal of his speech talking about effective health care and how getting control over corruption will facilitate that .
I hope he 's right ; in fact I have no doubt it is .
And I have no doubt that getting control of government corruption in our country will be just as effective in making life better for normal working people -- health care - wise being just one of the more crucial aspects .
Ever since I first started traveling in the Third World in 1969 -- Morocco was the first country I visited -- I was aware about how all pervasive and how blatant corruption is in every aspect of daily life .
Later I realized it was the blatantness that differentiated corruption in the Third World from corruption in the First World .
In the U.S. corruption is no less pervasive and no less destructive .
I found it odd that Obama would be lecturing the Ghanian parliamentarians about the evils of corruption .
Was Rahm Emanuel accompanying him ?
Emanuel 's political role has been to act as a bagman for greed - obsessed politicians and business profiteers looking for a way to drink the blood of the public .
The first time I ever wrote about him was to declare that he 's the Democratic Party version of Tom DeLay .
Now he 's Obama 's chief of staff .
Upwards of 80 % of Americans want -- and are willing to pay for -- national health insurance .
But Congress , especially the Big Business - owned Senate , is working overtime to thwart that on behalf of the campaign contributors from the Medical - Industrial Complex and Insurance Industry who have pumpedof dollars into the campaign coffers of politicians , who have carefully written rules and regulations that allow them to funnel that money into their personal budgets .
Yesterday ' sbemoans the plans of some progressive House members to tax the wealthy who benefitted so very richly under the Bush Regime , to pay their share of the national health plan .
Republicans , of course , are screaming like stuck pigs ( on behalf of their wealthy patrons ) .
Look at the members of the Senate who are fighting the hardest to derail health care reform and you will find that these are the members who are being the most richly rewarded by the industries which will benefit the most by a continuation of the status quo : Max Baucus ( DLC - MT ) , Arlen Specter ( D - R - PA ) , Joe Lieberman ( DLC - CT ) , Grassley ( R- IA ) , Mitch McConnell ( R- KY ) , Richard Burr ( R-NC ) , John Cornyn ( R - TX ) , Ben Nelson ( DLC-NE ) , Mary Landrieu ( DLC- LA ) , Blanche Lincoln ( DLC - AR ) , Jon Kyl ( R - AZ ) , Lamar Alexander ( R - TN ) , Jim Bunning ( R - KY ) ... all corrupt , all political hacks who should spend several lifetimes in prison for consistently betraying their constituents .
State governments are even easier to buy off -- believe it or not -- than federal officials , as Coloradans are discovering today .
And certainly the 4th estate has n't been immune to the siren song of corruption .
Last week the , mouthpiece of the the Inside the Beltway bipartisan Establishment , was exposed trying to sell access to lobbyists , professional corruptionists .
What can mere citizens do ?
How about working to defeat corrupt politicians at every turn -- regardless of which party they belong to ?
If you think that Tom DeLay was a disgrace but forgive Rahm Emanuel because he 's " ours , " you deserve what you get .
Right now we have an opportunity to defeat Blanche Lincoln , one of the most corrupt members of the Senate .
Yes , she 's ostensibly a Democrat , but she votes against working families at every opportunity and opposes everything that benefits ordinary Americans .
No one should be any more surprised that she 's against Employee Free Choice than by her opposition to health care reform .
What makes her a Democrat ?
Little more than what puts someone on one side or the other in a game of pick - up basketball .
Apparently our barrage of TV spots in Arkansas has her worried and on the run .
Her support for the Insurance Industry CEOs is suddenly something she 's embarrassed about .
Please do n't stop now -- every cent that comes in goes right onto the air .
We can do it -- one corrupt piece of crap with eyes and a mouth and a nose at a time .
Labels : Blanche Lincoln , Culture of Corruption , Ghana
Left 4 Dead 2 Has Bulletproof Zombies Too
Valve showed off the final two levels of Left 4 Dead 2 campaign
The Parish this evening , revealing how the game ’s four new Survivors will get the hell out of New Orleans .
It also showed a brand new uncommon - common infected .
Similar to the hazmat suit - wearing infected that are immune to incendiary fire , a new , mostly bulletproof infected will join the mix in The Parish .
Seems a few riot police wearing full gear could n’t escape the zombie apocalypse , making the escape a little harder for Coach , Ellis , Nick and Rochelle .
These kevlar wearing infected can only be killed from behind , making it especially difficult if two are bearing down on your character .
A quick melee hit will stun them , even knocking them down and exposing their posteriors .
But as they charge you , unloading a full clip on their fronts will essentially do nothing .
Not sure how well molotovs , pipe bombs and other explosives will work , but we hope they ’ll do the work they ’re known for .
It ’s a nice addition to the zombie arsenal , which should make the hordes , normally easily mowed down , a little harder to contend with .
Paleontologists have made the most important discovery to date at the Arlington Archosaur Site , a prolific fossil site in North Arlington , Texas .
The disassembled skull of a crocodile with two and a half inch long teeth that lived nearly 100 million years ago has been unearthed .
" We have over 50 bones exposed , " said The University of Texas at Arlington dinosaurs lecturer Derek Main , who heads the project .
" They are truly impressive .
The teeth measure 6.5 centimeters , larger than my thumb . "
To date , more dinosaur fossils have been recovered from the Arlington Archosaur Site , where excavation began little more than a year ago , than from any other site in the Dallas - Fort Worth area .
The site lies within Cretaceous rocks , formed 95 million years ago when Arlington was the beachhead for a giant sea that divided the continent .
The site has yielded fossils from various species of animals , including dinosaurs .
A skeleton of a large herbivorous " duck billed " dinosaur was excavated from the northern hillside at the site .
Crocodile fossils are among the most commonly found .
Main said the site is unique because it is a major dinosaur excavation in the middle of a large metropolitan setting and it preserves many fossils from different animals .
he site also has fossils from turtles , lungfish , fish and sharks .
The excavation of the Arlington Archosaur Site began in the spring of 2008 when the Huffines Group obtained the property and granted land access to UT Arlington .
( CNN ) --
The chants , the clashes , the outrage , the blood -- for more than two weeks , the world watched as the fallout from Iran 's presidential elections unraveled from peaceful demonstrations to government - led crackdowns on city streets .
Iran 's Islamic leadership says President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected and that the case is closed .
Saying it has tallied the votes and investigated the complaints , Iran 's Islamic leadership considers the election that gave incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad an overwhelming win " case closed . "
And the massive protests that concentrated in Tehran are growing thinner in number .
Yet for the hundreds of thousands who spilled into the streets -- demanding that their votes be counted , their voices be heard -- the movement is far from over , experts say .
" This movement is n't going away anytime soon , but it may not manifest itself as we 've seen as of late , " said Trita Parsi , president of the Washington - based National Iranian American Council .
But how it will play out is up for debate , with some experts recalling the Islamic revolution that overtook Iran 30 years ago , while others liken the opposition players to the civil rights champions who rocked the United States .
" This is a movement that has swept across all dividing lines in Iranian society -- both rich and poor , the merchants and the intellectuals , the young and old , " said Reza Aslan , author of the book " No God But God , " an analysis of Islam in politics and culture .
" They 're not united because they want certain civil rights ; they are united in what they do n't want , " he added .
" They do n't want the present course that is leading to the militarization of the state -- other than that , they have nothing else in common . "
Still , other Iran experts who have watched the chaos unfold compare the opposition movement not to the Islamic Revolution that ushered in Iran 's theocratic establishment , but to the civil rights movement that sought to outlaw racial discrimination against black Americans in the United States in the 1950s and ' 60s :
A long - term push , bolstered by conviction , challenged by setbacks , moments of progress and , at times , bloodshed .
" This is a civil rights movement -- this is not a revolution , " said Hamid Dabashi , professor of Iranian studies and comparative literature at Columbia University in New York .
" Comparatively , we have to have a frame of reference -- in this case , the civil rights movement of the United States . "
The demonstrators " acknowledged they 're not going to overthrow the government and they did n't intend to do that , " said Pantea Beigi , a native of Iran and human rights expert with Colorado - based PeaceJam , focusing on youth movements .
" It is a closing of a chapter of events that took place , but it's also the start of every citizen being an activist .
...
And as in any civil rights movement in any part of the world , it always starts like this . "
The movement will likely change strategies , possibly shifting from demonstrations to general strikes and other organized efforts , said Abbas Milani , the director of Iranian Studies at Stanford University .
" They are continuing the struggle , " Milani said .
" It 's not over yet -- only one aspect is over . "
Iranians understand the restrictive regime they live under .
What 's at stake , experts say , is the big picture :
The Islamic republic could grow into a militaristic state with more power handed to its Revolutionary Guard ( think North Korea ) , or it could maintain its repressive state and still open lines to the West ( think China ) .
The Revolutionary Guard -- which directly answers to the supreme leader , Ayatollah Khamenei -- effectively cracked down on demonstrators with its troops and members of the Basij , the guard 's paramilitary arm that dispersed the crowds and attacked scores of protesters .
Amnesty International says as many as 1,000 people , including demonstrators , dissidents and journalists , have been jailed .
" We know that there will not be some sort of huge power change or revolution , but what I believe is that Iran is at a crossroads , " Beigi said .
" One road is complete militarization and control of the people and being completely cut off from the rest of the world like North Korea , and another road is being the dictatorship it is but opening up to the rest of the world and moving forward with the rest of the world in technology , in athletics and many other respects , which would in turn naturally provide a little bit more freedom for the youth each step of the way . "
Which brings us to the unlikely leader of the youth - dominated opposition , Mir Hossein Moussavi .
Observers say it's not that his supporters thought he would bring major changes to the Islamic regime -- but , as a reformist , he may have shifted the government out of Ahmadinejad 's hardline policies .
Iran 's election authority -- the Guardian Council -- initially declared Ahmadinejad the winner of the June 12 elections , sparking huge protests and , at times , clashes between demonstrators and government troops and the Basij .
At least 17 protesters were killed in the chaos , according to official statistics , though the actual number may be higher .
While the protests at first signaled outrage at the election results -- with the vast majority of protesters supporting Moussavi , Ahmadinejad 's chief rival -- the collective movement is no longer about the elections , observers say .
Moussavi himself -- Iran 's prime minister under Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , who spearheaded of the Islamic revolution and the overthrow of the shah of Iran -- became an unlikely leader of the electoral backlash .
" This has been quite a surprise ... he 's a reformist but not a revolutionary , " said Ali Alfoneh , a research fellow at the Washington - based American Enterprise Institute who has researched the relationship between Iranian civilians and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard .
Moussavi , along with candidate Mehdi Karrubi , questioned the legitimacy of the June 12 vote count and demanded that the Guardian Council annul the results .
The council never entertained the idea .
And even though Moussavi continues to defy the government , some say he's not a practical choice for any long - term movement .
The government has warned him to stand down , and human rights organizations have reported that his campaign advisers have been detained as political dissidents .
Thus , he , too , is at a crossroads :
Will he make nice with the government and accept the election results ?
Or will he choose to support the movement , risking imprisonment or expulsion ?
" Mr. Moussavi may face no choice other than seeking refuge , " Alfoneh said .
Even so , Moussavi 's supporters and key figures , including senior politicians and clerics , fueled rifts within Iran 's Islamic leadership that were " evident for the whole world to see , " Dabashi said .
Khamenei , the supreme leader , publicly supported Ahmadinejad in the election while former President Mohammad Khatami -- who served under Khamenei -- withdrew his own bid for the 2009 presidential race to support Moussavi .
Other senior clerics -- responsible for preserving the principles of the Islamic revolution and expressing loyalty to the supreme leader -- spoke out against the government 's crackdown on the protests .
For example , Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri issued a statement on his Web site , saying that confronting protesters threatened the legitimacy of the Islamic republic because it was no longer representing the people .
The movement is about people asking for greater freedoms , Aslan said .
" It 's about the people who created the Islamic republic to begin with , saying , ' Wait a second , that 's not what we wanted . ' "
What 's clear is that those fed up with a heavy - handed Islamic regime did make history with their movement .
Many experts suspect they will continue to do so .
" Nobody can go back to business as usual , " Dabashi said .
" It does n't matter if they voted for Moussavi , or if they voted for Ahmadinejad -- that 's entirely irrelevant . "
All About Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
They ’re “ wild ” alright , but are they “ wonderful ” ?
Confession time : Being a bit sleep deprived and apparently under - caffeinated , I nodded off for probably 10 - 20 minutes of MTV / Dickhouse ’s “ The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia . ”
Therefore , I have to be a bit careful about making any sweeping statements about this documentary from filmmaker Julien Nitzberg , a sort of follow - up to Jacob Young ’s 1991 short , “ The Dancing Outlaw , ” which became a viral cult hit .
It ’s safe to say that judging from what I heard from the crowd — many of whom were fans of the earlier documentary and / or the “ Jackass ” TV series ( which has some fans in the cinegeek world , though I ’ve never been moved to watch it ) —
I might have been the only person in the theater who did n’t have a great time with the film .
The earlier film deal with Jesco White , a gas - huffing Elvis Presley fan whose brain - damaged schizoid psychology and criminal tendencies tend to overshadow his talent as a “ mountain dancer , ” a sort of bluegrass forerunner to tapdancing .
Executive produced by Johnny Knoxville , “ The Wild and Wonderful Whites ” deals with the ongoing struggles of Jesco ’s extended family , led by super - tough , extremely shrewd , ultra-raspy voiced occasional singer Mamie White and on into the more violent third generation members of the clan .
There are some captivating moments , in particular Jesco dancing to music provided live by punk country ’s own Hank Williams III and the sugary soda - fueled gyrations of one of the youngest Whites , who just might be a dancing chip off the old Jesco White block .
However , apparently somewhat like Slant ’s Nick Shager , I was largely left cold by the portion of the film I managed to stay awake through .
I ’m not sure I ’d be as critical of its moral stance , or lack thereof , on the Whites , but I found myself wondering just what the vignettes about the various family members — who are perhaps too numerous for clarity — and their purportedly fun-loving dysfunction add up to .
I ’m not sure how I feel about the way director Nitzberg flirts with celebrating a clan whose members abuse themselves and each other to this degree .
It ’s still possible I might find something more there in a less tired state and , if this sounds in any way interesting , you ’d be well advised to check out the not so safe for work trailer .
I should also add that , in terms of a crowd vibe , the mood at the Los Angeles Film Festival screening could not have been a happier or more upbeat one .
I spoke to some really nice people there who really seemed to enjoy it and “ get ” the film a lot more than I — and the post - screening dancing by Jesco White , backed up by a terrific bluegrass trio , was something else .
It seems like the DesktopBSD project ’s future is at stake due to a lack developers and time .
“ Hello everyone , sorry for not keeping in touch with you guys for quite a while , ” main developer Peter Hofer writes , “ Truth is , I find myself having less and less time for DesktopBSD these days .
In addition , my interests have shifted quite a bit since I started working on it in 2004 ( thinking of it , that ’s almost 5 years ago now… ) .
As a result , I do n’t really feel that I can make DesktopBSD progress steadily and significantly on my own .
Unfortunately , there are no other active developers nor does it seem like there are any who would be interested in contributing . ”
While the project is not dead yet , there will be no major changes or bugfixes for the upcoming 1.7 release , and it could very well be the project ’s last release .
Testing emails can be an inefficient process .
The email needs to leave your machine , arrive at the SMTP server , get forwarded to your test mail server and then downloaded by your email client .
Do you want those 30 seconds of your life back ?
Using an SMTP sink , you can receive the email to your screen instantly .
Setup is easy .
♦ Download smtp_sink.py
♦ Put it in whatever your project directory is .
You will want to create a " inbox " directory .
Besides outputting to the screen , this will automatically copy the email to the inbox directory in case you need to reference it later
♦ Change your settings.py to have : EMAIL_HOST = ' 127.0.0.1 ' , EMAIL_HOST_USER = '' , EMAIL_PORT = 25
If you have a script that loads your sandbox environment automatically , you will want to load smtp_sink .
py automatically .
It will send a test signal to see if it 's already running and not start twice .
If you run automated test scripts , the output of the " inbox " can be tested .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
The financial crisis has propelled the Federal Reserve into an excruciating political dilemma .
The Fed is at the zenith of its influence , using its extraordinary powers to rescue the economy .
Yet the extreme irregularity of its behavior is producing a legitimacy crisis for the central bank .
The remote technocrats at the Fed who decide money and credit policy for the nation are deliberately opaque and little understood by most Americans .
For the first time in generations , they are now threatened with popular rebellion .
Ad Policy
During the past year , the Fed has flooded the streets with money –distributing trillions of dollars to banks , financial markets and commercial interests–in an attempt to revive the credit system and get the economy growing again .
As a result , the awesome authority of this cloistered institution is visible to many ordinary Americans for the first time .
People and politicians are shocked and confused , and also angered , by what they see .
They are beginning to ask some hard questions for which Federal Reserve governors do not have satisfactory answers .
Where did the central bank get all the money it is handing out ?
Basically , the Fed printed it , out of thin air .
That is what central banks do .
Who told the Fed governors they could do this ?
Nobody , really –not Congress or the president .
The Federal Reserve Board , alone among government agencies , does not submit its budgets to Congress for authorization and appropriation .
It raises its own money , sets its own priorities .
Representative Wright Patman , the Texas populist who was a scourge of central bankers , once described the Federal Reserve as “ a pretty queer duck . ”
Congress created the Fed in 1913 with the presumption that it would be “ independent ” from the rest of government , aloof from regular politics and deliberately shielded from the hot breath of voters or the grasping appetites of private interests –with one powerful exception : the bankers .
The Fed was designed as a unique hybrid in which government would share its powers with the private banking industry .
Bankers collaborate closely on Fed policy .
Banks are the “ shareholders ” who ostensibly own the twelve regional Federal Reserve banks .
Bankers sit on the boards of directors , proposing interest - rate changes for Fed governors in Washington to decide .
Bankers also have a special advisory council that meets privately with governors to critique monetary policy and management of the economy .
Sometimes , the Fed pretends to be a private organization .
Other times , it admits to being part of the government .
The antiquated quality of this institution is reflected in the map of the Fed ’s twelve regional banks .
Five of them are located in the Midwest ( better known today as the industrial Rust Belt ) .
Missouri has two Federal Reserve banks ( St. Louis and Kansas City ) , while the entire West Coast has only one ( located in San Francisco , not Los Angeles or Seattle ) .
Virginia has one ; Florida does not .
Among its functions , the Federal Reserve directly regulates the largest banks , but it also looks out for their well - being–providing regular liquidity loans for those caught short and bailing out endangered banks it deems “ too big to fail . ”
Critics look askance at these peculiar arrangements and see “ conspiracy . ”
But it ’s not really secret .
This duck was created by an act of Congress .
The Fed ’s favoritism toward bankers is embedded in its DNA .
This awkward reality explains the dilemma facing the Fed .
It can not stand too much visibility , nor can it easily explain or justify its peculiar status .
The Federal Reserve is the black hole of our democracy –the crucial contradiction that keeps the people and their representatives from having any voice in these most important public policies .
That ’s why the central bankers have always operated in secrecy , avoiding public controversy and inevitable accusations of special deal - making .
The current crisis has blown the central bank ’s cover .
Many in Congress are alarmed , demanding greater transparency .
More than 250 House members are seeking an independent audit of Fed accounts .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi observed that the Fed seems to be poaching on Congressional functions –handing out public money without the bother of public decision - making .
“ Many of us were …if not surprised , taken aback , when the Fed had $ 80 billion to invest in AIG just out of the blue , ” Pelosi said .
“ All of a sudden , we wake up one morning and AIG was receiving $ 80 billion from the Fed .
So of course we ’re saying , Where is this money coming from ?
‘ Oh , we have it .
And not only that , we have more . ' ”
So who needs Congress ?
Pelosi sounded guileless , but she knows very well where the Fed gets its money .
She was slyly tweaking the central bankers on their vulnerability .
Fed chair Ben Bernanke responded with the usual aloofness .
An audit , he insisted , would amount to “ a takeover of monetary policy by the Congress . ”
He did not appear to recognize how arrogant that sounded .
Congress created the Fed , but it must not look too deeply into the Fed ’s private business .
The mystique intimidates many politicians .
The Fed ’s power depends crucially upon the people not knowing exactly what it does .
Basically , what the central bank is trying to do with its aggressive distribution of trillions is avoid repeating the great mistake the Fed made after the 1929 stock market crash .
The central bankers responded hesitantly then and allowed the money supply to collapse , which led to the ultimate catastrophe of full - blown monetary deflation and created the Great Depression .
Bernanke has not yet won this struggle against falling prices and production –deflationary symptoms remain visible around the world – but he has not lost either .
He might get more public sympathy if Fed officials explained this dilemma in plain English .
Instead , they are shielding people from understanding the full dimensions of our predicament .
President Obama inadvertently made the political problem worse for the Fed in June , when he proposed to make the central bank the supercop to guard against “ systemic risk ” and decide the terms for regulating the largest commercial banks and some heavyweight industrial corporations engaged in finance .
The House Financial Services Committee intends to draft the legislation quickly , but many members want to learn more first .
Obama ’s proposal gives the central bank even greater power , including broad power to pick winners and losers in the private economy and behind closed doors .
Yet Obama did not propose any changes in the Fed ’s privileged status .
Instead , he asked Fed governors to consider the matter .
But perhaps it is the Federal Reserve that needs to be reformed .
A few months back , I ran into a retired Fed official who had been a good source twenty years ago when I was writing my book about the central bank , Secrets of the Temple : How the Federal Reserve Runs the Country .
He is a Fed loyalist and did not leak damaging secrets .
But he helped me understand how the supposedly nonpolitical Fed does its politics , behind the veil of disinterested expertise .
When we met recently , he said the central bank is already making preparations to celebrate its approaching centennial .
Some of us , I responded , have a different idea for 2013 .
“ We think that would be a good time to dismantle the temple , ” I playfully told my old friend .
“ Democratize the Fed .
Or tear it down .
Create something new in its place that ’s accountable to the public . ”
The Fed man did not react well to my teasing .
He got a stricken look .
His voice tightened .
Please , he pleaded , do not go down that road .
The Fed has made mistakes , he agreed , but the country needs its central bank .
His nervous reaction told me this venerable institution is feeling insecure about its future .
Six reasons why granting the Fed even more power is a really bad idea :
1 . It would reward failure .
Like the largest banks that have been bailed out , the Fed was a co-author of the destruction .
During the past twenty - five years , it failed to protect the country against reckless banking and finance adventures .
It also failed in its most basic function –moderating the expansion of credit to keep it in balance with economic growth .
The Fed instead allowed , even encouraged , the explosion of debt and inflation of financial assets that have now collapsed .
The central bank was derelict in enforcing regulations and led cheers for dismantling them .
Above all , the Fed did not see this disaster coming , or so it claims .
It certainly did nothing to warn people .
2. Cumulatively , Fed policy was a central force in destabilizing the US economy .
Its extreme swings in monetary policy , combined with utter disregard for timely regulatory enforcement , steadily shifted economic rewards away from the real economy of production , work and wages and toward the financial realm , where profits and incomes were wildly inflated by false valuations .
Abandoning its role as neutral arbitrator , the Fed tilted in favor of capital over labor .
The institution was remolded to conform with the right - wing market doctrine of chairman Alan Greenspan , and it was blinded to reality by his ideology ( see my Nation article “ The One - Eyed Chairman , ” September 19 , 2005 ) .
3 . The Fed cannot possibly examine “ systemic risk ” objectively because it helped to create the very structural flaws that led to breakdown .
The Fed served as midwife to Citigroup , the failed conglomerate now on government life support .
Greenspan unilaterally authorized this new financial / banking combine in the 1990s –even before Congress had repealed the Glass - Steagall Act , which prohibited such mergers .
Now the Fed keeps Citigroup alive with a $ 300 billion loan guarantee .
The central bank , in other words , is deeply invested in protecting the banking behemoths that it promoted , if only to cover its own mistakes .
4 . The Fed ca n’t be trusted to defend the public in its private deal - making with bank executives .
The numerous revelations of collusion have shocked the public , and more scandals are certain if Congress conducts a thorough investigation .
When Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner was president of the New York Fed , he supervised the demise of Bear Stearns with a sweet deal for JPMorgan Chase , which took over the failed brokerage – $ 30 billion to cover any losses .
Geithner was negotiating with Morgan Chase CEO and New York Fed board member Jamie Dimon .
Goldman Sachs CEO
Lloyd Blankfein got similar solicitude when the Fed bailed out insurance giant AIG , a Goldman counterparty : a side - door payout of $ 13 billion .
The new president at the New York Fed , William Dudley , is another Goldman man .
5 . Instead of disowning the notorious policy of “ too big to fail , ” the Fed will be bound to embrace the doctrine more explicitly as “ systemic risk ” regulator .
A new superclass of forty or fifty financial giants will emerge as the born - again “ money trust ” that citizens railed against 100 years ago .
But this time , it will be armed with a permanent line of credit from Washington .
The Fed , having restored and consolidated the battered Wall Street club , will doubtless also shield a few of the largest industrial - financial corporations , like General Electric ( whose CEO also sits on the New York Fed board ) .
Whatever officials may claim , financial - market investors will understand that these mammoth institutions are insured against failure .
Everyone else gets to experience capitalism in the raw .
6 . This road leads to the corporate state–a fusion of private and public power , a privileged club that dominates everything else from the top down .
This will likely foster even greater concentration of financial power , since any large company left out of the protected class will want to join by growing larger and acquiring the banking elements needed to qualify .
Most enterprises in banking and commerce will compete with the big boys at greater disadvantage , vulnerable to predatory power plays the Fed has implicitly blessed .
Whatever good intentions the central bank enunciates , it will be deeply conflicted in its actions , always pulled in opposite directions .
If the Fed tries to curb the growth of the megabanks or prohibit their reckless practices , it will be accused of damaging profitability and thus threatening the stability of the system .
If it allows overconfident bankers to wander again into dangerous territory , it will be blamed for creating the mess and stuck with cleaning it up .
Obama ’s reform might prevail in the short run .
The biggest banks , after all , will be lobbying alongside him in favor of the Fed , and Congress may not have the backbone to resist .
The Fed , however , is sure to remain in the cross hairs .
Too many different interests will be damaged –thousands of smaller banks , all the companies left out of the club , organized labor , consumers and other sectors , not to mention libertarian conservatives like Texas Representative Ron Paul .
They will recognize that the “ money trust ” once again has its boot on their neck , and that this time the government arranged it .
The obstacles to democratizing the Fed are obviously formidable .
Tampering with the temple is politically taboo .
But this crisis has demonstrated that the present arrangement no longer works for the public interest .
The society of 1913 no longer exists , nor does the New Deal economic order that carried us to twentieth - century prosperity .
The country thus has a rare opportunity to reconstitute the Federal Reserve as a normal government agency , shorn of the bankers ’ preferential trappings and the fallacious claim to “ independent ” status as well as the claustrophobic demand for secrecy .
Progressives in the early twentieth century , drawn from the growing ranks of managerial professionals , believed “ good government ” required technocratic experts who would be shielded from the unruly populace and especially from radical voices of organized labor , populism , socialism and other upstart movements .
The pretensions of “ scientific ” decision - making by remote governing elites –both the mysterious wisdom of central bankers and the inventive wizardry of financial titans –failed spectacularly in our current catastrophe .
The Fed was never independent in any real sense .
Its power depended on taking care of its one true constituency in banking and finance .
A reconstituted central bank might keep the famous name and presidentially appointed governors , confirmed by Congress , but it would forfeit the mystique and submit to the usual standards of transparency and public scrutiny .
The institution would be directed to concentrate on the Fed ’s one great purpose–making monetary policy and controlling credit expansion to produce balanced economic growth and stable money .
Most regulatory functions would be located elsewhere , in a new enforcement agency that would oversee regulated commercial banks as well as the “ shadow banking ” of hedge funds , private equity firms and others .
The Fed would thus be relieved of its conflicted objectives .
Bank examiners would be free of the insider pressures that inevitably emanate from the Fed ’s cozy relations with major banks .
All of the private - public ambiguities concocted in 1913 would be swept away , including bank ownership of the twelve Federal Reserve banks , which could be reorganized as branch offices with a focus on regional economies .
Altering the central bank would also give Congress an opening to reclaim its primacy in this most important matter .
That sounds farfetched to modern sensibilities , and traditionalists will scream that it is a recipe for inflationary disaster .
But this is what the Constitution prescribes : “ The Congress shall have the power to coin money [ and ] regulate the value thereof . ”
It does not grant the president or the treasury secretary this power .
Nor does it envision a secretive central bank that interacts murkily with the executive branch .
Given Congress ’s weakened condition and its weak grasp of the complexities of monetary policy , these changes cannot take place overnight .
But the gradual realignment of power can start with Congress and an internal reorganization aimed at building its expertise and educating members on how to develop a critical perspective .
Congress has already created models for how to do this .
The Congressional Budget Office is a respected authority on fiscal policy , reliably nonpartisan .
Congress needs to create something similar for monetary policy .
Instead of consigning monetary policy to backwater subcommittees , each chamber should create a major new committee to supervise money and credit , limited in size to members willing to concentrate on becoming responsible stewards for the long run .
The monetary committees , working in tandem with the Fed ’s board of governors , would occasionally recommend ( and sometimes command ) new policy directions at the federal agency and also review its spending .
Setting monetary policy is a very different process from enacting laws .
The Fed operates through a continuum of decisions and rolling adjustments spread over months , even years .
Congress would have to learn how to respond to deeper economic conditions that may not become clear until after the next election .
The education could help the institution mature .
Congress also needs a “ council of public elders ” –a rotating board of outside advisers drawn from diverse interests and empowered to speak their minds in public .
They could second - guess the makers of monetary policy but also Congress .
These might include retired pols , labor leaders , academics and state governors –preferably people whose thinking is no longer defined by party politics or personal ambitions .
The public could nominate representatives too .
No financial wizards need apply .
A revived Congress armed with this kind of experience would be better equipped to enact substantive law rather than simply turning problems over to regulatory agencies with hollow laws that are merely hortatory suggestions .
Reordering the financial system and the economy will require hard rules–classic laws of “ Thou shalt ” and “ Thou shalt not ” that command different behavior from certain private interests and prohibit what has proved reckless and destructive .
If “ too big to fail ” is the problem , do n’t leave it to private negotiations between banks and the Federal Reserve .
Restore anti-monopoly laws and make big banks get smaller .
If the financial system ’s risky innovations are too complicated for bank examiners to understand , then those innovations should probably be illegal .
Many in Congress will be afraid to take on the temple and reluctant to violate the taboo surrounding the Fed .
It will probably require popular rebellion to make this happen , and that requires citizens who see through the temple ’s secrets .
But the present crisis has not only exposed the Fed ’s worst failures and structural flaws ; it has also introduced citizens to the vast potential of monetary policy to serve the common good .
If Ben Bernanke can create trillions of dollars at will and spread them around the financial system , could government do the same thing to finance important public projects the people want and need ?
Daring as it sounds , the answer is , Yes , we can .
The central bank ’s most mysterious power–to create money with a few computer keystrokes –is dauntingly complicated , and the mechanics are not widely understood .
But the essential thing to understand is that this power relies on democratic consent –the people ’s trust , their willingness to accept the currency and use it in exchange .
This is not entirely voluntary , since the government also requires people to pay their taxes in dollars , not euros or yen .
But citizens conferred the power on government through their elected representatives .
Newly created money is often called the “ pure credit ” of the nation .
In principle , it exists for the benefit of all .
In this emergency , Bernanke essentially used the Fed ’s money - creation power in a way that resembles the “ greenbacks ” Abraham Lincoln printed to fight the Civil War .
Lincoln was faced with rising costs and shrinking revenues ( because the Confederate states had left the Union ) .
The president authorized issuance of a novel national currency –the “ greenback ” – that had no backing in gold reserves and therefore outraged orthodox thinking .
But the greenbacks worked .
The expanded money supply helped pay for war mobilization and kept the economy booming .
In a sense , Lincoln won the war by relying on the “ full faith and credit ” of the people , much as Bernanke is printing money freely to fight off financial collapse and deflation .
If Congress chooses to take charge of its constitutional duty , it could similarly use greenback currency created by the Federal Reserve as a legitimate channel for financing important public projects –like sorely needed improvements to the nation ’s infrastructure .
Obviously , this has to be done carefully and responsibly , limited to normal expansion of the money supply and used only for projects that truly benefit the entire nation ( lest it lead to inflation ) .
But here is an example of how it would work .
President Obama has announced the goal of building a high - speed rail system .
Ours is the only advanced industrial society that does n’t have one ( ride the modern trains in France or Japan to see what our society is missing ) .
Trouble is , Obama has only budgeted a pittance ( $ 8 billion ) for this project .
Spain , by comparison , has committed more than $ 100 billion to its fifteen - year railroad - building project .
Given the vast shortcomings in US infrastructure , the country will never catch up with the backlog through the regular financing of taxing and borrowing .
Instead , Congress should create a stand - alone development fund for long - term capital investment projects ( this would require the long - sought reform of the federal budget , which makes no distinction between current operating spending and long - term investment ) .
The Fed would continue to create money only as needed by the economy ; but instead of injecting this money into the banking system , a portion of it would go directly to the capital investment fund , earmarked by Congress for specific projects of great urgency .
The idea of direct financing for infrastructure has been proposed periodically for many years by groups from right and left .
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood co-sponsored legislation along these lines a decade ago when he was a Republican Congressman from Illinois .
This approach speaks to the contradiction House Speaker Pelosi pointed out when she asked why the Fed has limitless money to spend however it sees fit .
Instead of borrowing the money to pay for the new rail system , the government financing would draw on the public ’s money - creation process–just as Lincoln did and Bernanke is now doing .
The bankers would howl , for good reason .
They profit enormously from the present system and share in the money - creation process .
When the Fed injects more reserves into the banking system , it automatically multiplies the banks ’ capacity to create money by increasing their lending ( and banks , in turn , collect interest on their new loans ) .
The direct - financing approach would not halt the banking industry ’s role in allocating new credit , since the newly created money would still wind up in the banks as deposits .
But the government would now decide how to allocate new credit to preferred public projects rather than let private banks make all the decisions for us .
The reform of monetary policy , in other words , has promising possibilities for revitalizing democracy .
Congress is a human institution and therefore fallible .
Mistakes will be made , for sure .
But we might ask ourselves , If Congress were empowered to manage monetary policy , could it do any worse than those experts who brought us to ruin ?
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Policy makers daunted by the idea of puncturing asset bubbles in coming years can learn from Australia ’s central bank , one of the very few to have deflated a housing boom without turning it into a crash .
As the world cleans up after the U.S. housing debacle , central bankers are already fretting over how to tackle the next bubble , which may not be too far off as super - easy monetary policies worldwide leave financial markets flush with cash .
Up until a year ago , many central bankers such as Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and his predecessor Alan Greenspan , believed bubbles ca n’t be spotted or tempered .
But the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) challenged that view when it leaned against Australia ’s housing boom in 2002 by refusing to cut interest rates despite a world economic slowdown , opting instead to talk down the property market .
“ Other countries are looking at the Australian example as a very positive one , and there are some lesson to be learnt from that episode , ” said Brian Redican , an economist at Macquarie .
The bursting of the U.S. housing bubble in 2007 after its unfettered rise brought the world economy and financial markets to their knees .
In contrast Australia ’s housing market has been remarkably resilient , supporting consumer confidence and helping Australia become one of a rare breed of developed nations to dodge a recession .
“ Up until the crisis , it was received wisdom that central banks should probably target mostly inflation .
That is now beginning to change very quickly , ” said Frederic Neumann , a regional economist at HSBC in Hong Kong .
The European Central Bank , for one , is coming round to the idea that it may need to respond to asset bubbles .
For now , China , Hong Kong and South Korea are seen most vulnerable to forming new bubbles in property and stock markets .
The RBA also warned last week record low local interest rates could inflate a housing bubble .
WATCHING PROPERTY MORE CLOSELY
At the heart of a long - standing debate about monetary policy is whether central banks should target asset prices alongside inflation .
Conventional wisdom says central banks should care about asset prices only to the extent that they affect inflation .
This is because bubbles are hard to spot , and economists can’t agree on what counts as a bubble .
Bubbles are usually defined as prices that have risen so far they deviate from economic fundamentals for an extended period .
Yet , not all price rallies are unjustified .
“ It ’s extremely difficult in reality to pin-point , ” said HSBC ’s Neumann .
“ By the time you realize ‘ Oh we have a bubble in our hands ’ , it runs so quickly it ’s almost too late to stop . ”
The RBA deftly avoided the problem by talking around it instead , highlighting the economic risks of the housing boom .
“ We should not get too hung up about trying to decide what is a ‘ bubble ’ , ” Glenn Stevens , current RBA Governor and then deputy governor wrote in a conference paper in 2003 .
“ It tends to promote the idea that if we can define something as not being a bubble , then we can forget about it . ”
To build its case that property prices were getting out of hand , and unhappy that government data was not timely enough , the RBA took the unusual step of commissioning coverage on the housing market from private - sector firms .
It focused on ratios such as the ratio of income to home prices to gauge the amount of debt buyers took on , and the number of home loans taken out for investment housing .
Falling bank lending standards , rising innovation and competition among mortgage lenders also flagged market frenzy .
Lenders invented deposit bonds where they paid the first deposit for home buyers for a fee , and people competed in television shows to renovate and sell flats at a top price .
RBA officials attended property seminars to observe over - zealous salesmen , dubbed locally as “ property spruikers , ” who encouraged buyers to think home prices will never fall .
All that led the RBA to refrain from joining other central banks in cutting rates in 2002 - 03 when economies faltered after the September 11 attacks , the SARS outbreak and the Iraq war .
Then RBA governor Ian Macfarlane went out of his way to talk would - be property buyers out of their investments .
“ I ’m using a certain amount of moral suasion to try and get ... to investors , to make them sit back and think again , ” he said in 2002 .
The RBA was so forceful in talking down the housing market many suspected property prices dictated its monetary policy , which the RBA denied .
It declined to respond to this article .
“ IT ’S THE LEVERAGE , STUPID ”
The RBA ’s efforts worked , with annual growth in house prices halving to about 9 percent in June 2004 , from over 19 percent six months earlier .
By March 2005 , they were up just 0.1 percent .
That experience contrasted starkly with the United Sates and UK where prices were allowed to fly with scant restraint .
Home prices in 20 U.S. metropolitan areas in May were down nearly a third from their record high hit in July 2006 , according to the Standard & Poor ’s / Case Shiller home price index .
In Australia , average prices in the second quarter were just 2.2 percent off a record hit in March 2008 , official data show .
The RBA thought its aggressive response necessary because housing bubbles are driven by debt and more damaging to the economy , than say a stock market bubble .
“ To coin a phrase , ‘ It ’s the leverage , stupid , ’ ” Stevens wrote in 2003 .
To be fair , the RBA owes some of its success to good fortune .
Australia ’s housing market is sensitive to changes in the RBA ’s policy rate as 80 percent of mortgages are variable - rate loans .
In comparison , about the same percentage of U.S. mortgages are fixed - rate and tied to long - term bond yields .
The commodity price rally from 2004 also saved the resource - rich country from slowing economic growth brought about by rate hikes from 2001 - 07 .
One of the main arguments against central banks targeting asset prices is that rate hikes are too blunt a tool for popping bubbles since they can drag the whole economy into recession .
The fact that Australian property prices continued to rise after 2004 , making homes among the least affordable in the world , meant the RBA was not entirely successful , some economists say .
But most still agree Australia ’s economy fared better after the RBA ’s actions , and that in itself is laudable .
“ At least they tried , ” said HSBC ’s Neumann .
“ The RBA should be commended for having done so . ”
Scientists claim to have grown human sperm in a lab , and columnists and bloggers are musing on the possibility of a world where men are no longer needed .
Michael Hanlon in the Daily Mail is not looking forward to the prospect of a world that does n't need men .
But if - and it is still a big if - scientists could one day use cells from female embryos to produce sperm , or perhaps even DNA extracted from an adult 's skin or cheek - lining cells , then we truly would be living in a terrifying new era .
The Daily Telegraph 's Rowan Pelling says men are redundant but worth keeping for menial tasks .
Yet I feel compelled - and not just as the mother of two small boys - to make a spirited defence of the weaker sex .
Where would I be without my husband to read 80 pages of a car manual , in French , to find out how the back windscreen - wiper works ?
Who would tug the dried lumps of excrement from our cat 's backside ?
Who would explain the rules of cricket to an American ?
Who would clear a blocked drain of unspeakable clotted matter ?
Who would take hours to demonstrate the dreadnought manoeuvres at the Battle of Jutland , armed only with salt cellars and jam jars ?
Without men , there would be no one to read Joseph Conrad or Norman Mailer , to remove spiders from the bath , or ( important one , this ) to tell women they 're pretty .
The editor of the Journal of Medical Ethics John Harris says in the Independent that he sees nothing wrong with exercising choice but the real ethical issue is n't about the prospect of a world without men .
Women have many ways of trying to do without men .
They do n't need men - they just need their sperm .
Sperm is a notoriously renewable resource and it is plentiful .
There is always the turkey baster option for women who want to get pregnant but do not see the need to get a man ...
The real ethical issue here is that we do not foreclose the beneficial possibilities of research through prejudice or fear .
The man himself , who made sperm from stem cells Emily Cook in the Daily Mirror can only think of one useful man and that 's scientist Karim Nayernia , who conducted the sperm research : Women have always known that men are a bit of a waste of space Now British scientists have proved how unnecessary blokes truly are by creating the first human sperm from stem cells .
And as if that 's not a big enough problem for fellas everywhere , the expert behind this revolutionary move is a man .
And Blog Tactic says despite the scientific developments , men should be kept around as play - things .
That means men can become redundant in the human productive cycle and the end of male infertility .
But for the ladies , I think we should keep a few of them around just for fun .
And for those anti-gay , it is an efficient way to cure male homosexuality : abolish men .
Karen on the Macleans.ca blog hints at how complex the politics of parenting may become by linking to the UK government 's current meanings of mother and father .
The definitions are more than 5,000 words long .
On the same blog Last Man on Earth says : WE MUST CRUSH THIS !
Take away their funding , burn all evidence , delete all records , kidnap and kill those who made the discovery and then bury this entire story under some celebrity scandal .
Men can't become irrelevant !
In the Culture Watch blog Bill Muehlenberg is concerned the advances may leave men with nothing to do : what they are really about is the end of man - both as the male gender , and as humanity A number of problems come to mind , including the obvious : if scientists can now manufacture sperm , that simply makes males even more redundant than they already are .
This is really parthenogenesis , or procreation by one sex alone .
This might be good for amoebas , but it is not good for human beings , and certainly not good for the children who come about by such a process .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How to use the new Smoke feature of Blender 3D 2.50
One of the new features of the upcoming Blender 3D 2.50 will be the new Smoke simulation tools , which will allow us to work with a mix of particles and procedural clouds to simulate smoke .
This is not directly related with architectural visualization , but if we take a closer look on how this feature works , we will realize that with the Smoke tool we can create environmental clouds .
For projects that demand this type of element on the scene , this new system will be a great help .
If you want to try the new system , there are a lot of test builds for Blender 2.50 at graphicall.org that already have the smoke system integrated to Blender 2.50 .
But , how can we use this system ?
How it works ?
If you want to try some of the 2.50 builds , I will show in this article the basic steps to create a smoke simulation .
The overall workflow to create a smoke simulation is very similar to the Fluids .
To make a Smoke simulation we basically need a Domain object and an Inflow , which will add Smoke to the scene .
With the Blender 2.50 build we can create a Cube and at the Physics panel add a Smoke simulation to it .
Choose Domain at the Smoke panel .
The next step is to add a plane to the scene and add a few subdivisions to the object .
This plane will use a particle system to emit the smoke , so we have to go to the particles menu and add a new particle system to the plane .
Just increase a bit the Normal velocity of the particle .
Now , with the plane still selected we can add a Smoke simulation and set it as an Flow .
Choose the particle system name that is associated with the plane , and we will have a working smoke simulation .
Just play around with the timeline and you will see smoke coming out from the plane .
Since this is a test build and Blender 2.50 won`t be released until October , a few things might change in the interface , but I believe that this workflow won`t change .
If you want to play with the velocity and direction of the Smoke , change the settings of the particle system .
Support Brandon
Brandon is fighting every day for his freedom .
On this site you will find a wide variety of ways that you can learn about his case , research the facts , and get involved with the fight to free him .
We believe that once you are able to see the facts for yourself , you will see that Brandon is truly innocent , and did not commit the crime of which he ’s been convicted .
I believe everyone has a mutant super power .
Something they excel at beyond most others .
Possibly you think you do n’t have one , but you do .
You just need to think .
That does n’t necessarily mean that your power is any good .
Adrian Peterson ’s ( of my beloved Minnesota Vikings ) super power is running a football like a madman , but you ’re super power might be peeling an orange like a madman .
Peterson is Purple Jesus .
You ’d be The Peeler .
Like I said , your power is n’t inherently cool .
But do n’t let it get you down .
Rock what ya got , man .
Me ?
I have two mutant super powers .
1 . ) I am amazing at recognizing actors .
Which is totally worthless unless I ’m trying to win a bet , or I decide to become a paparazzo .
More often than not it ’s a little embarrassing when my power is activated .
I feel it gives the false impression that I ’m obsessed with celebrities .
Alas , despite my protestations , I fear my X - Men moniker would be Starfucker .
2 . ) I have an uncanny ability to find money on the ground .
Not just loose change , but paper money .
Sometimes twenty - dollar bills .
I ’m told it is enraging to be with me when it happens .
This lets me know it ’s a quality super power .
I ’d say my X - Men name would be Lucky Duck .
Though that may have already been a character on “ Disney ’s Ducktales . ”
Unfortunately , while my money - finding power is great when it happens , it 's not like I can make the money appear whenever I want it ( now that would be an awesome power ) .
Someone needs to drop it first .
I ca n’t exactly support myself with my mutant super power like Purple Jesus can .
And of course , neither of these powers allows me to fight crime .
Once when my friend and I were going to see a movie , I found $ 20 on the ground and paid for both our tickets .
That 's about as close as either super power has brought me to heroism .
So that ’s me .
Now I turn things over to you , handsome reader .
Please , share on our comment board :
What ’s your mutant super power , and what would your superhero name be ?
Belgrade Lakes , Me .
AS many Americans know , last week Gov. John Baldacci of Maine signed a law that made this state the fifth in the nation to legalize gay marriage .
It ’s worth pointing out , however , that there were some legal same - sex marriages in Maine already , just as there probably are in all 50 states .
These are marriages in which at least one member of the couple has changed genders since the wedding .
I ’m in such a marriage myself and , quite frankly , my spouse and I forget most of the time that there is anything particularly unique about our family , even if we are  what is the phrase ?
 “ differently married . ”
Deirdre Finney and I were wed in 1988 at the National Cathedral in Washington .
In 2000 , I started the long and complex process of changing from male to female .
Deedie stood by me , deciding that her life was better with me than without me .
Maybe she was crazy for doing so ; lots of people have generously offered her this unsolicited opinion over the years .
But what she would tell you , were you to ask , is that the things that she loved in me have mostly remained the same , and that our marriage , in the end , is about a lot more than what genders we are , or were .
Deirdre is far from the only spouse to find herself in this situation ; each week we hear from wives and husbands going through similar experiences together .
Reliable statistics on transgendered people always prove elusive , but just judging from my e-mail , it seems as if there are a whole lot more transsexuals  and people who love them  in New England than say , Republicans .
Or Yankees fans .
These Mind - Blowingly Playful Little Guys Want to Meet You !
Megan
Fox is super sexy in next months issue of Esquire magazine .
The magazine followed the brunette beauty strutting around in her bathing suit and laying around in her bra and panties .
Megan
Fox is amazingly sexy and is about to make summer really sizzle with her role in Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen .
Megan is gracing a ton of magazine covers already and by far the hottest is this one for Esquire .
You can check out the full photo spread here .
Esquire did something they had never done before ; photographer Greg Williams shot the beauty with a hi-tech Red One camera , in which he recorded ten minutes of footage .
Megan was allowed to “ act ” and was shot as a day in the life of Megan Fox , starting with her getting out of bed , rolling around on a pool chair drinking a beer , and lighting a barbecue .
Of course all of this was done in a sexy bathing suit or a black bra and panties .
The Red One camera allowed him to grab stills of her at the end .
“ It allowed her to act .
She could run scenes without being reminded by the sound of a shutter every four seconds that I was taking a picture .
” Williams filmed ten minutes of footage , which he turned into a mini- film called ‘ Good Morning , Megan Fox . ’
The cover shot , in which Megan poses in a Burberry trench coat and Agent Provocateur lingerie , was even filmed with the special camera .
Aside from Esquire ’s sexy photo shoot , pictures from Megan ’s upcoming Wild West drama Jonah
Hex have come out and let ’s just say that the movie is already a hit !
If you want to see Megan Fox as a teenager , check out a picture gallery here .
This beauty did not have an awkward stage !
Check out Megan Fox “ Good Morning , ” video below .
Baytown releases banking info for 10,000 by mistake
Baytown officials have notified 10,019 people cited by red light cameras that some of their personal banking information mistakenly was released to a resident who had filed a public information request about the controversial traffic program , Mayor Stephen DonCarlos said Monday .
The mayor stressed the resident who received the information has deleted a spreadsheet — containing not only citations but individual bank records — and did not distribute it further .
The mayor also confirmed that the city clerk responsible for the release of the information resigned after the disclosure came to light earlier this month .
“ It was error on our part and we 've done everything we can to correct it , and notify anyone whose information was released , “ said DonCarlos , who added that financial information was not part of the request .
“ To the best of our information , the information went no further . “
One resident whose private banking information was released , a 67 - year - old retiree , was furious after reading a letter the city sent last week about the inadvertent disclosure .
“ I go to considerable lengths to make sure my bank account numbers do not get handed out willy - nilly , “ said the retiree , who asked that her name not be used out of fear she could be the victim of identity theft .
“ I was really irritated .
All of my precautions are useless when they do something like this . ”
The city released the information to electronics salesman Byron Schirmbeck , 38 , who filed a public information request in May on the city 's red light camera program as part of an effort to fight a citation he received in April .
He maintained the traffic signal at one of Baytown 's principal intersections , Baker and Garth , was set so that the light turned red after 3.1 seconds , which he insisted is a shorter interval than allowed by governing regulations .
“ I was doing all this to get rid of my ticket , see if the red light camera system was working and to get money back for other people , “ Schirmbeck said .
“ I requested a hearing , but before they held it , they dismissed ( the citation ) . “
‘ I was scared to death '
City officials say the records released did not include Social Security or driver 's license numbers of those cited , but did include the names , bank account numbers , bank routing numbers and check numbers of those who paid the citations with a check .
Credit card or debit transactions were not included .
The 10,019 citations were generated by all eight of the city 's red - light cameras .
“ When I got this stuff in my e-mail , I was , of course , surprised I had that kind of information .
I was scared to death , ” said Schirmbeck , who said he showed a copy of the information to a lawyer , who confirmed it could be used to steal individuals ' identities .
He said he has deleted all electronic and print copies of the information .
“ What I was more surprised ( about ) is the information came from ( private contractor ) , which operates the camera .
So , here 's a third - party company retaining people 's checking information for a long time , over a year .
Why , I do n't know . ”
Ford Hamiltion , the assistant Baytown city attorney who dismissed Schirmbeck 's citation , acknowledged the yellow light interval has been increased to 4.5 seconds since the dismissal .
However , he said the yellow light interval was just one of many factors involved in the dismissal of Schirmbeck 's citation .
“ There were some adjustment made .
I do n't know if they were made in regards to Mr. Schirmbeck 's complaint , ” Hamilton said .
“ I know at one point in time it was changed to 4.5 seconds .
Truthfully , my traffic people did n't give me any reason .
I asked them , if you can look at the timing , see where it 's set , and they increased the interval . ”
Hamilton said he also dismissed four or five pending cases involving the same light , but said a wholesale dismissal of citations due to the short interval was not warranted .
“ This is a clear - cut example why cities should have a plan for dealing for information they collect .
They are responding to a normal request — what they did n't pay attention to was the nature of information they supplied , “ said Jay Foley , executive director of the Identity Theft Resource Center in San Diego .
“ It 's extremely dangerous to the public because of the volume of information we have to share with cities and government agencies we deal with .
They have a duty to protect the sensitive personal information a citizen shares with them . “
Schirmbeck said he is working on a petition drive , part of a referendum effort to allow Baytown residents to vote on scrapping the red light camera program .
“ There are volumes and volumes of things wrong with this , ” he said .
A city spokeswoman said Baytown officials want to install 14 more cameras .
james.pinkerton@chron.com
Back on June 27 , 2008 , PolitiFact published a story we hoped would put the whole Obama birth certificate controversy to rest .
It ran under the now - laughable headline , " Obama 's birth certificate : Final chapter . "
Oh , how naive we were .
More than a year later , the debate continues to rage on the Internet among the " Birthers " movement , people who doubt that President Barack Obama is a natural - born citizen of the United States and is therefore ineligible to serve as president .
Or at least , they say , Obama has yet to sufficiently prove things one way or the other .
The conservative WorldNetDaily.com
Web site is the conductor of the Birther train .
On the site , you can donate money to rent billboard space that asks " Where 's the Birth Certificate ? "
They 've got a petition demanding the president produce his original birth certificate — now signed , they say , by 400,000 people .
From the site , you can buy " Where 's the Birth Certificate ? " yard signs and bumper stickers .
The site has recently run stories about a man whose attempts to sell a purported Obama birth certificate from Kenya on eBay have been repeatedly shut down .
And on May 28 , WorldNetDaily.com correspondent Lester Kinsolving pressed the issue all the way to the White House , squeezing in a couple questions at the end of a daily press briefing with White House spokesman Robert Gibbs .
Here 's how the exchange went :
Kinsolving : " One question concerning what the president said in his speech on Thursday , and I quote , ' I ran for president promising transparency , and I meant what I said .
This is why , whenever possible , we will make information available to the American people so they can make informed judgments and hold us accountable . '
End of quote .
Do you remember that statement ? "
Gibbs : " I can confirm he said that . "
Kinsolving : " Good .
In consideration of this very good promise of transparency , why can't the president respond to the petitioned requests of 400,000 American citizens by releasing a certified copy of his long form birth certificate listing hospital and physician ? "
Gibbs : " Are you looking for the president 's birth certificate ? "
Kinsolving : " Yes . "
Gibbs : " It 's on the Internet , Lester . "
Kinsolving : " No , no , no — the long form listing his hospital and physician . "
Gibbs : " Lester ...
This question in many ways continues to astound me .
The state of Hawaii provided a copy , with a seal , of the president 's birth .
I know there are apparently at least 400,000 people that continue to doubt the existence of and the certification by the state of Hawaii of the president 's birth there , but it's on the Internet because we put it on the Internet for each of those 400,000 to download .
I certainly hope by the fourth year of our administration that we 'll have dealt with this burgeoning birth controversy . "
WorldNetDaily.com , through an owner , the Western Center for Journalism , responded with an ad in the conservative publication Human Events that called Gibbs ' response arrogant , factually incorrect , lies .
Moreover , the ad said , " members of the liberal elitist media ... instead of pressing Gibbs on his outrageous statements ... openly laughed . "
The ad is right about that ; journalists could clearly be heard chuckling at Kinsolving 's questions .
The question here is , did Gibbs lie ?
Some background :
On June 13 , 2008 , after months of hounding by the media and wild Internet speculation that Obama was actually born in either Indonesia or Kenya , the Obama campaign finally released a copy of Obama 's " Certification of Birth " from Hawaii and posted it on the Internet .
The document states that Barack Hussein Obama II was born on Aug. 4 , 1961 , at 7:24 p.m. in Honolulu , Hawaii , to parents Stanley Ann Dunham and Barack Hussein Obama .
End of story ?
Hardly .
If anything , it merely intensified the debate .
Numerous critics arose on the Internet claiming the document was a fraud .
It was the wrong color .
It was missing an embossed seal .
There was no crease from it being folded and mailed .
Our friends from FactCheck.org went to Chicago , held the document in their questioning hands and examined it closely .
Their conclusion :
It 's legit .
On Oct. 31 , 2008 , Dr. Chiyome Fukino , director of the Hawaii Department of Health , issued this statement : " There have been numerous requests for Sen. Barack Hussein Obama ’s official birth certificate .
State law prohibits the release of a certified birth certificate to persons who do not have a tangible interest in the vital record .
" Therefore I , as director of health for the state of Hawaii , along with the registrar of Vital Statistics who has statutory authority to oversee and maintain these type of vital records , have personally seen and verified that the Hawaii State Department of Health has Sen .
Obama 's original birth certificate on record in accordance with state policies and procedures .
" No state official , including Gov. Linda Lingle , has ever instructed that this vital record be handled in a manner different from any other vital record in the possession of the state of Hawaii . "
Even the governor of Hawaii , Linda Lingle , a Republican who at the time was stumping for John McCain , said it was on the up - and - up .
Over ?
No way .
All that proved , the birthers concluded , was that there is , in fact , an original birth certificate , and that the public has n't seen it .
The new argument goes like this : Obama never published his " Birth Certificate " ( a " Certificate of Live Birth " ) on the Internet ; what he posted was a " Certification of Live Birth , " what WorldNetDaily describes as " a ' short - form ' document that is generated on - the - spot and based on what is contained in a computer database at the time it was printed out . "
Some on the Internet speculate that the original " long form " — which might include the hospital where he was born as well as the attending physician — might show Obama was foreign - born and ineligible to be president , but that that would n't show up on the " short form . "
Moreover , WorldNetDaily claims even the state of Hawaii does n't accept " Certification of Live Birth " as proof that an individual was physically born in Hawaii .
They point to a policy from the Hawaii Department of Home Lands , which stated on its Web site :
" In order to process your application , DHHL utilizes information that is found only on the original Certificate of Live Birth , which is either black or green .
This is a more complete record of your birth than the Certification of Live Birth ( a computer - generated printout ) .
Submitting the original Certificate of Live Birth will save you time and money since the computer - generated Certification requires additional verification by DHHL . "
That 's actually a misnomer , said Lloyd Yonenaka , a spokesman for DHLL .
In order to be eligible for their program , you must prove that your ancestry is at least 50 percent native Hawaiian .
And when he says native , he means indigenous .
They do n't even care if you were born in Hawaii .
They use birth certificates as a starting point to look into a person 's ancestry .
Very different .
Here 's what the DHLL site says now : " The Department of Hawaiian Home Lands accepts both Certificates of Live Birth ( original birth certificate ) and Certifications of Live Birth because they are official government records documenting an individual ’s birth .
The Certificate of Live Birth generally has more information which is useful for genealogical purposes as compared to the Certification of Live Birth which is a computer - generated printout that provides specific details of a person ’s birth .
Although original birth certificates ( Certificates of Live Birth ) are preferred for their greater detail , the State Department of Health ( DOH ) no longer issues Certificates of Live Birth .
When a request is made for a copy of a birth certificate , the DOH issues a Certification of Live Birth . "
When we spoke to a spokeswoman for the Hawaii Department of Health , she said too much was being made of the difference between the so - called " long " and " short " forms .
" They 're just words , " said spokeswoman Janice Okubo .
" That ( what was posted on the Internet ) is considered a birth certificate from the state of Hawaii . "
" There 's only one form of birth certificate , " she said , and it 's been the same since the 1980s .
Birth certificates evolve over the decades , she said , and there are no doubt differences between the way birth certificates looked when Obama was born and now .
" When you request a birth certificate , the one you get looks exactly like the one posted on his site , " she said .
" That 's the birth certificate . "
As for the theory that Obama 's original birth certificate might show he was foreign - born , Okubo said the " Certification of Live Birth " would say so .
Obama 's does not .
Again , it says he was born in Honolulu .
We have one more thing .
We talked to reporter Will Hoover , who wrote a well - researched story for the Honolulu Advertiser on Nov. 9 , 2008 , about Obama 's childhood years in the the Aloha State .
It ran under the headline " Obama Slept Here . "
In researching the story , he went to the microfilm archives and found the birth announcement for Obama .
Actually , he found two of them , one in his Honululu Advertiser on Aug. 13 , 1961 , and in the Honolulu Star - Bulletin the next day .
They both said the same thing : " Mr. and Mrs. Barack H. Obama , 6085 Kalanianaole Highway , son , Aug. 4 . "
But here 's the thing .
Newspaper officials he checked with confirmed those notices came from the state Department of Health .
" That 's not the kind of stuff a family member calls in and says , ' Hey , can you put this in ? ' "
Hoover explained .
Take a second and think about that .
In order to phony those notices up , it would have required the complicity of the state Health Department and two independent newspapers — on the off chance this unnamed child might want to one day be president of the United States .
In Honolulu , the Obama tour buses take you by the old Kapiolani Maternity and Gynecological Hospital , now called Kapi'olani Medical Center for Women & Children .
Federal laws prohibit hospital officials from confirming that he was born there , but Hoover said it 's common knowledge among locals .
So back to the claim that Gibbs lied about posting Obama 's birth certificate on the Internet .
WorldNetDaily is correct that the Obama campaign did n't post his original birth certificate on the Internet .
But their suggestion that there is some significant difference between the two documents is wrong .
They both prove the same thing .
Maybe the original would identify the hospital where Obama was born , but that 's irrelevant .
The issue is what city , and therefore country , was he born .
The document posted by the campaign proves Obama was born in Honolulu , according to Health Department officials .
And that 's really the central issue here .
The Health Department says the " Certification of Live Birth " is Hawaii 's version of a birth certificate .
Calling it by other names — Certificate of Live Birth , Certification of Live Birth — is just semantics .
WorldNetDaily may be right that the original birth certificate was n't posted , but if Hawaii says the the document Obama posted can rightly be called Obama 's birth certificate , how is Gibbs lying ?
We harbor no delusions that anything we say here will slow the persistent drumbeat of the birthers , but we rule this statement False .
We also examined a related claim about a bill pending in Congress :
Who knows where some political ideas originate .
Any anonymous person can post a statement on the Internet .
It can be passed around , repeated , added to and commented on in blog after blog .
It can be circulated in chain e-mails .
And pretty soon it gathers such steam , its very reach seems to add credibility .
Here , we deal with just such an idea .
It 's the claim that the Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 passed by the House in March is actually a " stealth " law aimed at protecting President Barack Obama from having to produce his " actual " birth certificate .
That 's why some conservative bloggers derisively call it the " Obama Birth Certificate Protection Act . "
Readers sent us an e-mail that claimed the bill " would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents . "
Most versions call for readers to contact their local legislator to oppose the bill , which has been introduced in the Senate .
As for the claim that Obama produced " forged " birth documents , that 's a matter we have been following for quite some time , and we direct your attention here .
In this item , we wanted to set the record straight about the Free Flow of Information Act.
Passed by the House in March , the bill is designed to protect journalists from having to reveal confidential sources in federal court .
Here 's what the bill says : " A federal entity may not compel a covered person to provide testimony or produce any document related to information obtained or created by such covered person as part of engaging in journalism , unless a court determines by a preponderance of the evidence . "
You can read the bill in its entirety here .
Many bloggers insist it would also protect federal employees of the executive branch from being compelled to release documents .
But the key words are " covered person . "
And this is how it 's defined later in the bill : " The term ' covered person ' means a person who regularly gathers , prepares , collects , photographs , records , writes , edits , reports , or publishes news or information that concerns local , national , or international events or other matters of public interest for dissemination to the public for a substantial portion of the person 's livelihood or for substantial financial gain and includes a supervisor , employer , parent , subsidiary , or affiliate of such covered person . "
In other words , " a covered person is simply a journalist , " said Sophia Cope , legislative counsel for the Newspaper Association of America , which has lobbied hard for the bill .
" The White House would not fall under that . "
This bill has been kicking around Congress for four years , long before Obama announced his candidacy for president .
The idea that it is a covert attempt to block Obama from producing his birth certificate is absurd .
We also note that the bill has enjoyed widespread bipartisan support .
It was so noncontroversial it passed the House on March 31 with a voice vote rather than a roll call .
Last Congress , it passed by a vote of 398 - 21 .
A Senate version of the bill is under consideration .
Cope is n't quite sure how the intent of the law has been so grossly distorted .
" The bill 's intent is to protect reporters and their confidential sources from being subpoenaed to testify , or from having to disclose the identity of those sources , " Cope said .
" I do n't see how it would relate to Obama 's birth certificate . "
One could argue that this law has simply been misread by some well - intentioned government watchdogs .
But this is just the latest conspiracy theory from the fringe of a conservative group convinced that Obama has n't provided sufficient documentation to prove he was born in the United States , and therefore cannot serve as president .
Even among these folks , the claim about the Free Flow of Information Act is more than a stretch .
We give it a Pants on Fire .
One occasionally sees such remarks as , " What good does it do to go around being angry about the nonexistence of God ? " ( on the one hand ) or " Babies are natural atheists " ( on the other ) .
It seems to me that such remarks , and the rather silly discussions that get started around them , show that the concept " Atheism " is really made up of two distinct components , which one might call " untheism " and " antitheism " .
A pure " untheist " would be someone who grew up in a society where the concept of God had simply never been invented - where writing was invented before agriculture , say , and the first plants and animals were domesticated by early scientists .
In this world , superstition never got past the hunter - gatherer stage - a world seemingly haunted by mostly amoral spirits - before coming into conflict with Science and getting slapped down .
Hunter - gatherer superstition is n't much like what we think of as " religion " .
Early Westerners often derided it as not really being religion at all , and they were right , in my opinion .
In the hunter - gatherer stage the supernatural agents are n't particularly moral , or charged with enforcing any rules ; they may be placated with ceremonies , but not worshipped .
But above all - they have n't yet split their epistemology .
Hunter - gatherer cultures do n't have special rules for reasoning about " supernatural " entities , or indeed an explicit distinction between supernatural entities and natural ones ; the thunder spirits are just out there in the world , as evidenced by lightning , and the rain dance is supposed to manipulate them - it may not be perfect but it 's the best rain dance developed so far , there was that famous time when it worked ...
If you could show hunter - gatherers a raindance that called on a different spirit and worked with perfect reliability , or , equivalently , a desalination plant , they 'd probably chuck the old spirit right out the window .
Because there are no special rules for reasoning about it - nothing that denies the validity of the Elijah Test that the previous rain - dance just failed .
Faith is a post - agricultural concept .
Before you have chiefdoms where the priests are a branch of government , the gods are n't good , they do n't enforce the chiefdom 's rules , and there 's no penalty for questioning them .
And so the Untheist culture , when it invents science , simply concludes in a very ordinary way that rain turns out to be caused by condensation in clouds rather than rain spirits ; and at once they say " Oops " and chuck the old superstitions out the window ; because they only got as far as superstitions , and not as far as anti-epistemology .
The Untheists do n't know they 're " atheists " because no one has ever told them what they 're supposed to not believe in - nobody has invented a " high god " to be chief of the pantheon , let alone monolatry or monotheism .
However , the Untheists do know that they do n't believe in tree spirits .
And we shall even suppose that the Untheists do n't believe in tree spirits , because they have a sophisticated and good epistemology - they understand why it is in general a bad idea to postulate ontologically basic mental entities .
So if you come up to the Untheists and say :
" The universe was created by God -"
" By what ? "
" By a , ah , um , God is the Creator - the Mind that chose to make the universe -"
" So the universe was created by an intelligent agent .
Well , that 's the standard Simulation Hypothesis , but do you have actual evidence confirming this ?
You sounded very certain -"
" No , not like the Matrix !
God is n't in another universe simulating this one , God just ... is .
He 's indescribable .
He 's the First Cause , the Creator of everything -"
" Okay , that sounds like you just postulated an ontologically basic mental entity .
And you offered a mysterious answer to a mysterious question .
Besides , where are you getting all this stuff ?
Could you maybe start by telling us about your evidence - the new observation you 're trying to interpret ? "
" I do n't need any evidence !
I have faith ! "
" You have what ? "
And at this very moment the Untheists have become , for the first time , Atheists .
And what they just acquired , between the two points , was Antitheism - explicit arguments against explicit theism .
You can be an Untheist without ever having heard of God , but you can't be an Antitheist .
Of course the Untheists are not inventing new rules to refute God , just applying their standard epistemological guidelines that their civilization developed in the course of rejecting , say , vitalism .
But then that 's just what we rationalist folk claim antitheism is supposed to be , in our own world : a strictly standard analysis of religion which turns out to issue a strong rejection - both epistemically and morally , and not after too much time .
Every antitheist argument is supposed to be a special case of general rules of epistemology and morality which ought to have applications beyond religion - visible in the encounters of science with vitalism , say .
With this distinction in hand , you can make a bit more sense of some modern debates - for example , " Why care so much about God not existing ? " could become " What is the public benefit from publicizing antitheism ? "
Or " What good is it to just be against something ?
Where is the positive agenda ? " becomes " Less antitheism and more untheism in our atheism , please ! "
And " Babies are born atheists " , which sounds a bit odd , is now understood to sound odd because babies have no grasp of antitheism .
And as for the claim that religion is compatible with Reason - well , is there a single religious claim that a well - developed , sophisticated Untheist culture would not reject ?
When they have no reason to suspend judgment , and no anti-epistemology of separate magisteria , and no established religions in their society to avoid upsetting ?
There 's nothing inherently fulfilling about arguing against Goddism - in a society of Untheists , no one would ever give the issue a second thought .
But in this world , at least , insanity is not a good thing , and sanity is worth defending , and explicit antitheism by the likes of Richard Dawkins would surely be a public service conditioning on the proposition of it actually working .
( Which it may in fact be doing ; the next generation is growing up increasingly atheist . )
Yet in the long run , the goal is an Untheistic society , not an Atheistic one - one in which the question " What 's left , when God is gone ? " is greeted by a puzzled look and " What exactly is missing ? "
This is a graph showing the dependencies between the packages that come with GHC .
I just added some ( trivial ) support to the ghc - pkg tool to generate the output in dot format , and generated the above graph with
ghc -pkg dot | tred | dot - Tsvg > pkgs.svg
Note the “ tred ” filter , which eliminates clutter from transitive edges .
The ‘ ghc - pkg dot ’ command should be in GHC 6.12.1 .
Benjamin Friedman , in the Financial Times ( hat tip Yves Smith ) , questions the high cost ( read : compensation ) of our financial sector .
But he does not simply say that huge bonuses for bankers are unfair .
Instead , he says that the costs of financial services need to be balanced against their benefits .
The discussion of the costs associated with our financial system has mostly focused on the paper value of its recent mistakes and what taxpayers have had to put up to supply first aid .
The estimated $ 4,000bn of losses in US mortgage - related securities are just the surface of the story .
Beneath those losses are real economic costs due to wasted resources : mortgage mis-pricing led the US to build far too many houses .
Similar pricing errors in the telecoms bubble a decade ago led to millions of miles of unused fibre - optic cable being laid .
The misused resources and the output foregone due to the recession are still part of the calculation of how ( in ) efficient our financial system is .
What has somehow escaped attention is the cost of running the system .
In particular , Friedman wonders at the relationship between the value provided by financial services and the opportunity cost involved : “ Perversely , the largest individual returns seem to flow to those whose job is to ensure that microscopically small deviations from observable regularities in asset price relationships persist for only one millisecond instead of three .
These talented and energetic young citizens could surely be doing something more useful . ”
This reminds me of something Felix Salmon wrote about a while back :
If profits and compensation in the financial sector go up and keep going up , that ’s a priori evidence of inefficiency , not efficiency .
Those higher profits mean that customers are paying more for their financial services over time , not less , which means that financial services are imposing a larger and larger tax on the economy .
Now , it is possible that they are also increasing in value fast enough to cover the tax , but that is something to be proven .
By James Kwak
× Some Movies and Series Download Links Not Workking .
We are Fixing One by one ..
The experts believe they could find puffins even older than 34 in the future .
Ornithologists say they have found the oldest known puffin in Europe on an island off the west coast of Scotland .
The experts who were on a bird - ringing expedition in the Shiant Isles in the Hebrides said they have discovered a puffin first ringed over 34 years ago .
The puffin , caught on Rough Island , was re-captured by the same ringer , Ian Buxton , who first ringed it and many others , on 28 June , 1975 .
Previously the longest - lived puffin was a 33 - year - old from Iceland .
There could even be a handful remaining alive from those ringed back in 1970 , so there is potential to break the record again in the next few years
Dave Steventon
Ringer Experts from the bird - ringing group have been visiting the Shiant islands since 1970 .
During this year 's expedition , they came upon two old - age puffins - one at least 32 , the other more than 34 and the second bird beat the European record .
Experts involved in the British Trust for Ornithology 's bird ringing scheme said it was possible even older puffins could be discovered in the next few years .
David Steventon , founder of the Shiants Auks ringing group and a member of ringing expeditions to the island in the 1970s , said : " These longevity records were almost inevitable , as ringing data shows that adult survival rates are about 92 % .
" Therefore we would expect that about 25 of the 441 birds ringed in 1975 will still be alive and could be recaught in 2009 .
" There could even be a handful remaining alive from those ringed back in 1970 , so there is potential to break the record again in the next few years . "
He added : " Compared to recent years , the puffins are having a good breeding season this year , bringing in good - sized sand eels for their young . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stressful relationships can be bad for your health Divorce has a lingering , detrimental impact on health that even remarriage cannot fully repair , a study suggests .
A Chicago study involving 8,652 people aged 51 to 61 found divorced people have 20 % more chronic illnesses such as cancer than those who never marry .
The figure only drops to 12 % for those who remarry , researchers write in the Journal of Health and Social Behaviour .
They say we start adulthood with a " health stock " that is kept or eroded depending on our marital experience .
Only those who are continuously married can expect the same rate of chronic health problems as the never - wedded , the study suggests .
It 's another reason to work hard to make marriages last , unless it is a very destructive relationship
Christine Northan , a counsellor for Relate Although people who remarry after a divorce or being widowed do tend to be happier as a result - being no more depressed than those continuously married and less depressed than those who never married - they gain little in terms of chronic health conditions .
People who remarried had 12 % more chronic health conditions than those continuously married , which was slightly less than the 20 % for the divorced or widowed who did not remarry .
Researcher Dr Linda Waite , a sociologist at the University of Chicago , said divorce or widowhood undermines health because incomes drop and stress develops over issues such as shared child care .
Stresses and strains
Whereas marriage tends to bring an immediate health benefit , in that it improves health behaviours for men and financial well - being for women .
But remarriage does not heal all .
She said : " Some health situations , like depression , seem to respond both quickly and strongly to changes in current conditions .
" In contrast , conditions such as diabetes and heart disease develop slowly over a substantial period and show the impact of past experiences , which is why health is undermined by divorce or widowhood , even when a person remarries . "
Anastasia de Waal , of the think tank Civitas , said : " This research highlights the fact that whilst divorce has become much more common , it can take not just a tremendous emotional and financial toll , but also a heavy health one . "
Christine Northan , a counsellor for Relate , said : " I 'm not surprised by the findings .
It 's another reason to work hard to make marriages last , unless it is a very destructive relationship .
" It 's a good idea if you can use a messy divorce to understand both yourself better and why the relationship did not work .
" If you do that , you will be in a better place to go into a second successful marriage .
" But if you are drawn to people who are toxic for you , then you may be better off staying single . "
She said a surprising number of people unconsciously look for someone like their first wife or husband and that the chance of a second marriage ending in divorce was two - fold .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Facebook and Twitter users started reporting en-masse of a Twitter takeover of their Facebook walls several hours ago Essentially , anyone with the Twitter or Friendfeed app installed on Facebook saw their posts being automatically pushed to their Facebook feeds .
We also believe that it affected Facebook Beacon settings .
Now we can confirm that it was a glitch on the part of Facebook , and that it is now fixed .
We first got a hint that there was an issue with Facebook application settings from Bret Taylor , FriendFeed 's co-founder ( and creator of Gmail ) :
" We have received numerous reports of excessive FriendFeed posts showing up in Facebook this evening .
While we are not 100 % sure , it appears to be an issue on Facebook 's end due to ignoring application settings .
We have disabled all FriendFeed updates to Facebook until we are sure the problem is resolved . "
However , final confirmation came in the form of a statement we received from the Facebook team :
" Earlier this evening , a small Facebook bug allowed a handful of apps to publish to the stream on behalf of users who had previously authorized the app .
The situation has now been resolved , and all application settings will remain intact for users . "
All Facebook apps should be fine now , so you can unblock them if you did during the Twitter takeover .
We 're glad that the bug was fixed so quickly ; still , it 's interesting how the small bugs always seem to cause the most drama .
AMONG Westerners , the economic partnership between China and Africa is often overlooked .
But in “ China Safari : On the Trail of Beijing ’s Expansion in Africa ” ( Nation Books , $ 27.50 ) , Serge Michel and Michel Beuret examine the roots of this relationship  and argue that China is engaged in a conquest of Africa that will have worldwide economic implications .
As French journalists , Mr. Michel and Mr. Beuret bring an acute awareness of their own country ’s colonial history to the China - Africa story .
Mr. Michel , a former West Africa correspondent for Le Monde , has also reported from Iran , Iraq and Afghanistan .
Mr. Beuret , the foreign editor of the Swiss magazine L’Hebdo , has written extensively on human trafficking in China and Europe .
“ China Safari ” is a fascinating , provocative work of firsthand reporting that illuminates an important global economic story .
The book also features a 16 - page insert of color photographs shot by Paolo Woods , who puts human faces on the book ’s sprawling story and highlights some of the stark juxtapositions of African laborers and their Chinese bosses .
In 1976 , under Mao Zedong , China completed the Tan - Zam railway , linking Zambia to the port of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania .
But , as the authors note , Chinese inroads into Africa really got a kick - start in 1995 , when President Jiang Zemin made a speech urging Chinese business leaders to “ Go abroad !
Become world players ! ”
A new study in rats at the University of Haifa reveals : Trauma experienced by a mother even before pregnancy will influence her offspring 's behavior .
*" The findings show that trauma from a mother 's past , which does not directly impact her pregnancy , will affect her offspring 's emotional and social behavior .
We should consider whether such effects occur in humans too , " stated Prof. Micah Leshem who carried out the study .*
A mother who experienced trauma prior to becoming pregnant affects the emotional and social behavior of her offspring .
This was discovered for the first time in a new study that was carried out at the University of Haifa and published in the journal Developmental Psychology in a Special Section on " The Interplay of Biology and the Environment Broadly Defined . "
The effects of trauma that a mother experienced in the course of pregnancy are known from earlier research , but until now the influence of adversity before conception has not been examined .
The present research , carried out by Prof. Micah Leshem and Alice Shachar - Dadon of the University of Haifa and Prof. Jay Schulkin of the Georgetown University School of Medicine , is the first to examine these influences .
The researchers chose to investigate rats , as social mammals with cerebral activity that is similar in many ways to that of humans .
The present study examined three groups of rats : one group was put through a series of stress - inducing activities two weeks before mating , allowing the female time to recover before becoming pregnant ; the second group was similarly treated over the course of a week immediately prior to mating ; and the third , control group , were not given any form of stress .
When the rats ' offspring reached maturity ( at 60 days ) , the researchers examined their emotional behavior - anxiety and depression - and social behavior .
The main finding revealed that trauma experienced by the females prior to conception had varied effects on the offspring .
According to Prof .
Leshem , these effects varied between groups and between male and female offspring ; but their behavior was without doubt different from that of the rats from the control group .
All the offspring of stressed mothers showed reduced social contact compared with that of the control mothers ' offspring : these rats spent less time with one another and interacted less .
In other tests , there were important sex differences .
The female rats displayed more symptoms of anxiety , while the males exhibited less anxiety .
Finally , those rats whose mothers became pregnant immediately after being stressed were hyperactive , indicating that how long before pregnancy adversity is experienced , is also important .
" Everyone knows that smoking harms the fetus and therefore a mother must not smoke during pregnancy .
The findings of the present study show that adversity from a mother 's past , even well before her pregnancy , does affect her offspring , even when they are adult .
We should be prepared for analogous effects in humans : for example , in children born to mothers who may have been exposed to war well before becoming pregnant , " Prof .
Leshem concluded .
###
Amir Gilat , Ph.D .
Communication and Media Relations
University of Haifa
Tel : +972-4-8240092/4
Cell : +972-52-6178200
agilat@univ.haifa.ac.il
Tax policies for low - carbon energy
Gilbert Metcalf
Nearly all economists agree that the most efficient way to address environmental problems is to raise the cost of the pollution - generating activity , but US policies subsidise clean - energy alternatives instead .
This column criticizes that approach – subsidies lower the cost of energy , play favourites with technologies , are often inframarginal , and frequently interact in unexpected ways with other policies .
Nearly all economists agree that the most efficient way to address environmental problems is to raise the cost of the pollution - generating activity .
Whether one uses a tax as famously suggested by Pigou ( 1938 ) or a quantity constraint such as a cap - and - trade system as proposed by Dales ( 1968 ) and others , the point is to " internalise the externality " by raising the cost of pollution to the firm or individual so that they have the appropriate incentives to engage in the socially optimal level of this activity .
Weitzman ( 1974 ) provides a framework for choosing between price and quantity approaches when benefits and costs of abatement are uncertain .
All of these approaches assume that policymakers will address externalities by making them more costly .
The US energy policy has taken another approach .
Rather than making energy sources that contribute to pollution more costly , US policies have typically subsidised clean - energy alternatives .
Until the US enacts a national cap - and - trade system or a carbon tax , tax - based subsidies will provide some of the most substantial incentives to reduce energy - related greenhouse gas emissions .
In Metcalf ( 2009 ) , I review the current set of tax - based subsidies for low - carbon energy and critique the subsidy - based approach to energy policy .
The single largest subsidy is the 45 ¢ per gallon excise tax credit for ethanol .
But in addition to this credit , there are production and investment tax credits for renewable electricity production , for clean - fuel burning vehicles , as well as credits and subsidies for energy efficiency investments in homes and workplaces .
Many of these subsidies were recently renewed and extended in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
Even if a national cap - and - trade bill such as the American Clean Energy and Security Act bill ( HR 2454 ) , recently reported out of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , were enacted , it is likely that many of these subsidies to clean energy will remain in the tax system .
Subsidies for clean energy are appealing but they suffer from four problems :
They lower the cost of energy , play favourites with technologies , are often inframarginal , and often interact in unexpected ways with other policies .
Problem 1 : Subsidies lower the cost of energy consumption
Tax - based subsides achieve the important goal of adjusting relative prices of polluting and non-polluting energy sources in the right direction .
If fuel source X causes pollution that is equal to 10 percent of its cost then we can provide the right incentive to fuel users choosing between fuel sources X and Y by raising the price of X by 10 % or by lowering the cost of fuel source Y by 1/( 1.10 ) or 9.1 % .
Either way , the relative cost of fuel source X to Y is now 10 % higher than it was prior to the implementation of new energy policy .
Either a tax or a subsidy can be effective on the margin of choosing among fuel sources where some sources cause pollution .
This creates a problem , however , on a different margin .
Efficiency requires that consumers make decisions taking into account the full cost of using commodities – including the pollution costs associated with using energy .
Raising the cost of the polluting fuel source X raises the overall cost of energy use and encourages a reduction in energy consumption .
Subsidising the clean substitute undermines this consumer substitution effect as it leads to a lower cost of energy overall .
Consumers do not reduce energy consumption as much as they would under a cost - raising policy .
Problem 2 : Subsidies favour particular technologies
Subsidies tend to favour particular technologies .
Consider the tax credit for hybrid vehicles put in place in the Energy Policy Act of 2005 .
The credit ranges from zero to $ 3,000 per vehicle depending on whether the vehicle meets the specific hybrid criteria and on how many vehicles have been sold .
The credit phases out as the vehicle hits certain sales targets over time .
Table 1 shows the subsidy cost per gallon of gasoline saved through this credit for a number of model 2009 vehicles .
Table 1 . Hybrid vehicle tax credit , 2009 model values
Vehicle MPG Hybrid Vehicle
Tax Credit Annualised
Value of Credit Annual
Gasoline
Savings
( Gallons ) Tax Credit per
Gallon of
Casoline Saved Chysler Aspen Hybrid 21 $ 2,200 $ 347 30 $ 11.68 Ford Escape Hybrid ( 2WD ) 32 $ 3,000 $ 474 234 $ 2.02 Mazda Tribute Hybrid ( 2WD ) 32 $ 3,000 $ 474 234 $ 2.02 Nissan Altima Hybrid 34 $ 2,350 $ 371 257 $ 1.44 Toyota Corolla 31 $ 0 $ 0 222 $ 0 Toyota Prius 46 $ 0 $ 0 353 $ 0 Source : Metcalf ( 2009 ) .
Author 's calculations of savings relative to a vehicle that gets 20 miles per gallon and is driven 12,485 miles per year .
Vehicles are assumed to be driven for ten years and savings are annualised wtih a 10 % discount rate .
The table illustrates several points .
First , the tax credit per gallon of gasoline saved varies from zero to over $ 11 per gallon .
Second , certain hybrid vehicles that get high mileage are excluded from the credit because they have been successful in the market place .
Third , certain high - mileage vehicles are excluded from the subsidy because they do not use specified technology .
Note that the Corolla gets nearly the same mileage as the Tribute Hybrid .
This is the most egregious violation of technological neutrality .
The tax credit provides no incentive to tinker with the internal combustion engine to achieve increases in vehicle efficiency despite the many opportunities that exist to make the internal combustion engine more efficient .
Our tax policy should provide the same incentives to improve mileage regardless of the technology put in place .
Problem 3 : Subsidies are wasteful
Ideally we want subsidies targeted to marginal investments .
But often they end up supporting inframarginal investments , i.e. investments that would have taken place in the absence of the policy .
A good example of this is the $ 0.50 per gallon alternative fuels mixture credit .
This credit is intended to encourage the addition of biodiesel and other biomass - based fuels to petroleum to reduce petroleum use .
Recently it has emerged that many paper firms are taking the credit for mixing diesel fuel with black liquor , a biomass by - product of paper making that historically has been used by the industry as a fuel source for their boilers .
Controversy has arisen over whether paper firms are adding diesel fuel to black liquor purely for the purpose of claiming the tax credit biodiesel mixture tax credit ( Mouawad and Krauss 2009 ) .
This is troubling on two levels .
First , it may be very inefficient if credits are being provided for inframarginal activities .
This is a common problem with any subsidy .
We want to provide the incentive to firms that would not have undertaken the desirable activity in the absence of the subsidy .
But we do n't want to provide the subsidy to firms that would have undertaken the activity regardless of the subsidy .
But the example from the paper industry is troubling beyond the inframarginal nature of the subsidy .
If the tax credit is raising the demand for diesel fuel in order to make the biofuel eligible for the credit , then it is having the perverse effect of raising rather than lowering demand for petroleum products .
Problem 4 : Subsidies interact in unexpected ways with other policies
Subsidies can be rendered ineffective or more expensive through their interaction with other policies .
A simple example here is the interaction of the hybrid vehicle tax credit and the Corporate Average Fuel Economy ( CAFE ) standards .
Allowing tax credits for hybrids encourages the production and purchase of high - mileage vehicles .
But CAFE sets minimum fleet mileage standards for automakers .
Producing more hybrid vehicles relaxes the CAFE mileage constraint for automakers and allows them to sell more low mileage vehicles .
The result is that federal tax collections are reduced with no improvement in automobile mileage .
An alternative to subsidies
Most , if not all , of these problems would disappear if we replaced the current system of tax subsidies for carbon - free technologies with a market - based system to set positive and gradually increasing carbon prices .
It looks like we 're on track to set the carbon price , either through a cap - and - trade system or some form of carbon charge .
But insufficient attention is being paid to removing the various tax subsidies currently in place .
References
Dales , J.H. Pollution , Property , and Prices .
Toronto : University of Toronto Press , 1968 .
Metcalf , Gilbert E. " Tax Policies for Low - Carbon Technologies , " Cambridge , MA : National Bureau of Economic Research Working Paper No. 15054 , 2009 .
Mouawad , Jad and Krauss , Clifford .
" Lawmakers May Limit Paper Mills ' Windfall , " New York Times .
New York , 2009 .
Pigou , Arthur C. The Economics of Welfare .
London : Weidenfeld and Nicolson , 1938 .
Weitzman , Martin .
" Prices Vs. Quantities . "
Review of Economic Studies , 41 No. 4( 1974 ) : 477-91 .
The last time Indiana missed its deadline for passing a budget and had to shut down the government was during the Civil War .
But on Monday , as lawmakers raced to hammer out an agreement over school funding , state agencies began preparing 31,000 workers to be temporarily out of a job .
Republican Gov. Mitch Daniels has warned residents that most of the state ’s services -- including its parks , the Bureau of Motor Vehicles and state - regulated casinos -- would be shuttered unless a budget is passed today .
Indiana is one of five states -- along with Arizona , California , Mississippi and Pennsylvania -- bracing for possible shutdowns this week as time runs out for lawmakers to close billion - dollar gaps in their fiscal 2010 budgets .
Of the 46 states whose fiscal year ends today , 32 did not have budgets passed and approved by their governors as of Monday afternoon , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Advertisement
Although the majority of those are expected to pass eleventh - hour budgets , the fiscal futures of a handful remain uncertain , said Todd Haggerty , an NCSL research analyst .
“ It ’s a lot of states that are coming down to the wire , ” Haggerty said .
“ It ’s far more than we ’ve seen in the past , and it ’s because of the state of the economy . ”
Since 2002 , only five states have been forced to shut down their governments .
Some of the closures were brief :
In 2007 , Michigan ’s doors were closed for four hours before lawmakers passed emergency measures that bought them time to close a $ 1.75 - billion deficit .
“ What ’s different now is that the recession has eroded tax revenues across the country , ” Haggerty said .
Collectively , he said , states are wrestling with budget deficits totaling $ 121 billion .
Advertisement
In California , state finance officials will begin issuing IOUs on Thursday if lawmakers and the governor cannot agree on a way to close a $ 24 - billion shortfall .
The IOUs would go to local governments , vendors , taxpayers and college students receiving state financial aid .
California has issued such IOUs only one other time -- in 1992 -- since the Great Depression .
In Arizona , which has never missed its constitutional budget deadline , officials are battling over how to resolve a $ 3 - billion gap .
Republican lawmakers and the state ’s GOP governor , Jan Brewer , fought for months over her proposal for a temporary sales tax hike to preserve some government services .
In a compromise unveiled Friday , legislators agreed to ask voters to approve the tax in November .
But when a key committee was unable to muster a majority Monday for the compromise bill , lawmakers began drafting resolutions that would let the government function for at least a week .
Some services would go dark right away .
Over time , the number of agencies still able to operate would shrink .
Advertisement
In Indiana , the budget fight revolves around how to allocate the state ’s shrinking revenues and how much of its $ 1.3 - billion surplus fund to tap .
Democrats in the state House and Senate are pushing for more spending on schools , particularly in economically troubled and urban areas .
GOP legislators , on the other hand , are advocating that extra funds be directed toward charter schools and that scholarship donors to private schools be given a tax credit .
Another key sticking point is whether to help bail out the Marion County Capital Improvement Board , which manages the sports and convention venues in the state ’s capital .
Lawmakers from outside the Indianapolis area are furious over the idea of state money being used to bridge the board ’s $ 47 - million budget deficit , rather than spent in a way that would benefit more Hoosiers .
By late Monday evening , after months of debate and several budget drafts , legislators left the Statehouse with glimmers of hope that they could avoid a shutdown .
Advertisement
“ No matter what , we ’re going to vote on something ” today , said a visibly weary House Speaker B. Patrick Bauer , a Democrat from South Bend .
“ Will it pass ?
I do n’t know . ”
--
p.j.huffstutter@latimes.com
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Evan Halper in Sacramento contributed to this report .
Temple made from recycled glass bottles
A Buddhist monk built the Wat Pa Maha Chedi Kaew temple with more than a million recycled glass bottles .
Temple is located in Thailand ’s Sisaket province , about 600 km ( 370 miles ) northeast of Bangkok .
The Thai Buddhist temple has found an environmentally friendly way to utilize discarded bottles to reach nirvana — using them to build everything in its premises , from a crematorium to shelters and toilets .
“ That generic reputation has created a problem for the country because partly we are dependent on heavy growth in the low end of the market , ” said Kym Anderson , a wine economist at the University of Adelaide .
“ Whereas there is a lot of very high - quality wine here that struggles to find markets in the U.S. because people are n’t very familiar with those particular labels . ”
These troubles have been compounded by a recent rise in the exchange rate of the Australian dollar , which went to near parity against the United States dollar last year from about half that value in 2002 , erasing profit margins on many wines .
While Australian wine sales at home grow about 4 percent each year , the industry ’s problems overseas have brought an era of downsizing .
The Winemakers ’ Federation of Australia recently predicted that the industry would have to reduce the amount of wine it produced by as much as 20 percent to stay profitable , meaning many wineries would close or consolidate , vines would be ripped out and jobs would be lost .
“ In the early long term , our vision for the Australian wine industry is a smaller industry at higher quality , ” said Lawrie Stanford , the manager of information and analysis with Wine Australia , the government body that helps direct Australia ’s overseas wine marketing .
“ We ’ve done the volume growth , and we overdid it a bit  the industry is recognizing that .
What we ’re doing now is pulling back a bit . ”
The biggest challenge there , according to the British wine writer Andrew Jefford , will be to convince consumers that Australia can offer more than just the “ cheap and cheerful ” wines they have grown accustomed to seeing .
That will require new efforts to educate consumers about Australian wine regions and a push by winemakers to accentuate those differences , Mr. Jefford said .
Wine Australia says it will shift the marketing focus away from what it calls “ brand champions ”  recognizable labels that sell at rock - bottom prices  toward smaller producers that highlight the differences among regions and varieties .
The result , officials hope , will be fewer Australian bottles in the bargain bin and more labels pitched at the $ 20 price point .
— A butcher at a local Piggly Wiggly supermarket on Thursday shot and killed a man who was dating his ex-girlfriend , police said .
The shooting occurred at about 8:45 a.m. inside the store at 229 E. Church St. , said Detective Chris Young of the Laurinburg Police Department .
Three customers and 10 other employees were in the store at the time , but no one else was injured , Young said .
Police arrested the butcher , identified as Aubrey Odum , 28 , and charged him with murder .
Young said Odum 's ex-girlfriend , Victoria Blackwell , went to the Piggly Wiggly Thursday morning with her new boyfriend , Brian McLean , 35 , and her cousin .
McLean went to the back of the store to confront Odum over something , and an altercation ensued , Young said .
It was unclear why McLean confronted Odum , he said .
" What I understand is that there was some type of domestic situation that took place between the two men , " Laurinburg Police Capt .
Kimothy Monroe said .
Blackwell , who did n't go inside the store , had tipped Odum off that McLean planned to confront him at the store , Young said , so Odum armed himself with a small - caliber handgun .
Odum shot McLean three times , including once in the back , and he staggered to the front of the store before collapsing near the checkout register .
Young said .
Paramedics took McLean to Scotland Memorial Hospital , where he was pronounced dead .
Odum , who had two children with Blackwell , ages 2 and 5 , then drove over to the Laurinburg police station and surrendered .
" That 's an unusual situation for us and took us by surprise , " Monroe said .
" He actually walked in with the gun and said , ' I 'm the one who did the shooting . '
Just like that . "
Odum told investigators that he often carries a gun to work , Monroe said , despite that fact that he does n't have a concealed weapons permits and Piggly Wiggly policy prohibits firearms in the store .
Store employees declined to talk after the incident , but Kevin Gibson , who works at a neighboring mechanic 's shop and often spoke with Odum , said the bloodshed came out of the blue .
" Nothing seemed odd this morning at all , " Gibson said .
" He always seemed like a nice gentleman . "
Eyes on the Street : Stenciler Urges Drivers to Keep Clear of Bike Lane
A mystery stenciler / good citizen is n’t waiting for the MTA to implement measures to stop the mess of drivers seeking cheap gas from continuing to obstruct the bike lane on Fell Street at Divisadero .
Early Sunday morning , someone stenciled " keep clear " signs in the bike lane , and painted antlers on the bicyclist symbol .
Anyone who has pedaled down
Fell knows this gas station has been a troublesome spot for bicyclists for some time now .
We do n’t know yet what kind of impact it ’s having on drivers , but feel free to share your impressions in the comments section if you ’ve pedaled by recently .
MTA spokesperson Judson
True said the agency has been planning to put in similar markings .
Although crews plan on grinding out the fresh unofficial markings " soon , " he said they intend on replacing them with essentially the same thing , except the signs that read " keep clear " will have the word order switched , with some additional signage warning drivers to stay out of the bike lane .
" We ’ll see if those signs and markings work and if not more extensive measures , such as parking changes , may need to be explored , " he said .
If the MTA were to remove parking , it would be on that portion of Fell Street , where a tow - away zone would be created .
True said MTA staffers have been in discussions for some time now with the owner of the gas station to consider options .
See the old bike lane and the antlered cyclist after the jump .
Behavior First , Design Second
As designers we must remember that behavior comes first .
Always .
Not a day goes by without someone I follow on Twitter complaining that others are too focused on growing their follower numbers .
Just yesterday someone who I know to be a very calm person went on a verbal rampage complaining about someone who was way too worried about getting more followers … by doing things like saying “ Please retweet ! ” or “ Follow me ! ” one too many times .
But really , who does n’t at least notice how many followers they have ?
And , if you were honest , would n’t you say that if you had to choose , you would probably want more rather than less followers ?
Here ’s a question : how would Twitter change for you if you did n’t know how many followers you have ?
What if the designers at Twitter removed the number from all screens / APIs and forced you to rely on replies or retweets to let you know what was going on ?
Would that be OK with you ?
How would it change your behavior ?
Humans are hard - wired for attention .
My newborn girl , for example , cries when she ’s not getting attention .
My 3 year old , who is n’t used to not having attention , is going through a major psychological shift in her life because she ’s realizing that she is n’t the only child in the universe … she now has a sister who will be getting attention as well .
Attention is a core human issue for all of us .
As designers we need to keep this in mind .
I use follower numbers in several ways to judge the type of person who is on the other end .
If I ’m followed by someone who has very low following / follower numbers , then I know they ’re probably new to Twitter .
If someone has really high following / follower numbers , then I know they ’re probably an auto - follower , which suggests they might not focus on quality conversation as much as attention .
If someone has high follower numbers and low following numbers , then I know they have an audience for some reason ( it might not be a good reason ) .
Obviously , these numbers do n’t tell you everything … but I use them to give me an idea .
When metadata is available … humans will look at it .
We do n’t just collect attention , of course .
We collect lots of things .
Most video games are built entirely around the premise of collecting things .
The more you collect the higher your score .
The more coins that Mario and Luigi collect , the better they do .
It ’s a causal relationship .
We understand when playing these games that collection is the way to achieve success .
For more on the psychology behind gaming and collecting , read The Psychology Behind Item Collecting And Achievement Hoarding .
Of course , games did not instill the collecting behavior in humans .
Gaming merely exploits it .
We have n’t become collectors because of technology .
We use technology to help us collect things .
We ’ve been collecting objects forever …art , seashells , books , firewood , paper clips .
A core human behavior is collecting things , real and virtual .
As designers we must remember that behavior comes first .
Always .
The quirky , the obscure , the vain , the annoying , the wonderful .
We need to observe human behavior if we are to support it in design .
If people collect things , how can we support that ?
If people are vain … how does that affect the design ?
Will it kill some interesting behavior …or will it help drive adoption of the service ?
You ’ll find that many successful social software products / services focus on the collection of social objects such as photos , bookmarks , friends , vampires .
This is no accident … people collect things as a natural matter of course .
Software that supports the behavior will naturally be more successful .
We also have the opposite case … when we have nothing .
This is particularly relevant when talking about people new to a service … when you just join a social network , for example .
So the scenario is this : you sign up , you land on a dashboard of some sort , and you have nothing .
No friends , no posts , no pictures , no bookmarks , nothing of any kind .
It ’s not a good feeling … and its a great way to drive people away .
It ’s like we ’re saying : “ Hey you , the one with the collecting behavior … yeah you ’ve got nothing ! … you better start collecting ! ”
So as designers we can actually satisfy the collecting behavior at the same time we ’re helping people get started with software .
Do what MySpace did and give everyone at least one friend to start with ( when you join MySpace you are automatically friends with Tom )
Or , you can provide a sample post to let people know what a post is and how it works .
Or , if you ’re building an activity stream why not seed it with a few items so that people know what that ’s like ?
It ’s kind of like giving people a place to sit when they move into a brand new home .
So , back to behavior .
Some behaviors that drive us nuts are core to the human experience :
We want attention .
We collect things .
We want status .
We are vain .
We make judgments accordingly .
These behaviors are n’t going away anytime soon .
So instead of decrying such behavior , we need to embrace it !
We need to figure out how it fits within the context of what we ’re building .
Sometimes it wo n’t .
But we ca n’t dismiss it .
If we are really serious about designing great software then we have to at least give this type of behavior some thought , considering whether we should or whether we can damp it or amplify it .
And , from time to time , possibly even take advantage of it .
As the count goes on the centre right pick up votes .
All 736 parliament seats are up for grabs .
Preliminary figures suggest the lowest - ever turnout , at 43.24 % .
With the turn out being so low this may be some good news for the left – but for now the right have the upper hand .
And the left will have to put some serious work into getting their people out in the next round of elections .
Add to : Facebook | Digg | Del.icio.us | Stumbleupon | Reddit | Blinklist | Twitter | Technorati | Furl | Newsvine
JERUSALEM ( JTA ) —
The Hebrew title for an ordained female rabbi is rabba , a religious women ’s forum decided .
Participants in the Kolech Religious Women ’s Forum conference in Jerusalem last week voted to select a title , Ynet reported .
The voting comes several months after a woman completed the same course of training and examination as male Orthodox rabbinical students at a liberal Orthodox seminary in New York City and was given the title maharat , a Hebrew acronym that stands for Torah leader , halachic and spiritual .
The Kolech board of directors will now appeal to the Hebrew Language Academy in Israel to make the word rabba an official part of the lexicon .
Other suggestions had included " maharat , " " rav " and " hachama , " or wise .
U.S. Housing Market Forecast , One Dead Cat Bounce and Two Sucker Rallies to Go ?
The big excitement this month was the tiny up - tick in the May S&P Case - Shiller Index .
" Seasonally adjusted " the number was still down on April , but then it's not clear what 's " seasonal " about a house - price crash .
Right now the bulk of the market is driven by foreclosure sales and there is no evidence that is " seasonal " .
These are the month on month numbers , ( not seasonally adjusted ) :
The dotted lines represent the prediction I made in January ( with a bit of creative license ) : that was 40 % peak to trough ( its 33 % so far ) .
Just for the record I also predicted 33 % for UK and over there house prices rose month on month for four months straight after " bottoming " at 21 % , two months ago I declared that was " an illusion " .
Maybe I 'm wrong ?
It 's hard to admit but I 've been wrong before , so that 's always a possibility .
I 've been telling everyone " no hurry , vulture shopping is all about patience " , but certainly the numbers in UK do seem to suggest otherwise , and the direction of change in the US looks “ positive ” .
Last week the head economist at Nationwide ( a UK mortgage company ) , declared that there could be a 20 % bounce over there ( http://www.nationwide.co.uk/hpi/historical/Jul_2009.pdf).
His story was that there is a backlog of qualified buyers , and that in UK there is n't the excess inventory problem that there is in USA , Spain and Ireland .
Perhaps he knows something I do n't , and perhaps that could happen in USA too ?
Certainly this is all uncharted territory for just about everyone , it 's not every day of the week that the Keynesians get a chance to join hands with the Monetarists and see if they can create rampant asset - price inflation , and you would have thought that if they managed to do that by accident ( before ) , now that they are trying to do it on purpose they might just succeed ?
At what cost is of course another story , I saw a quip the other day that Gordon Brown has the choice of saving British housing , or saving the Pound , and given that there is an election coming up , and seeing how the Brits just love their house prices , guess which one he will go for ?
Certainly if you have the credit score and you can put up the deposits , ( the opportunities are not for ordinary people , this is just another chance for the rich to cream the poor ... again ) , mortgages have never been so cheap .
And one thing I know is wrong with my own model is that it does n't take into account what looks to be an unnatural ratio between mortgage rates and long - term - interest rates .
And then just eyeballing the chart , there was a bounce in the rate of change just before Lehman blew up , and it makes sense that turned everything back .
Now there is another bounce , but this time there is nothing like Lehman in the closet and stock markets are up ; perhaps the Alt - A's ?
If I 'm wrong I 'm not the only one ; Tim Iacono wrote a very thorough analysis last week http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article12391.html, and in a quote in the Washington Post Mark Zandi of Moody 's said this is just a blip ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/07/29/AR2009072903270.html?wprss=rss_business), then Dominic Frisby , pointed out that housing in UK is still far from " affordable " , particularly if you put the unemployment numbers in the mix ( http://www.moneyweek.com/investments/property/uk-house-prices-will-plummet-look-at-this-scary-chart-14664.aspx).
But there again as a matter of principle , when the experts all agree on something , I get nervous .
The Dynamics of Bottoms :
In his article Tim Iacono put up a great chart of the way the Los Angeles housing bubble bottomed , then there were two " false bottoms " before the real thing and eyeballing it looks like the slump was about as long as the bubble , which is consistent with my analysis ( http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article12114.html).
Here is another one ; this is the UK Nationwide Index for what happened after the " Lawson Boom " which was a dress - rehearsal for the credit crunch :
That looks like one dead cat and two suckers to me , and in those days there was rampant inflation , so in " real " terms the dynamic was more extreme .
But what about the economy ?
Perhaps something else is going on ?
Perhaps the economy is turning by stealth , just the helicopter crews did n't notice ?
1 : An interesting article by Todd Sulivan on Dow Chemicals suggests that parts of the US economy are working ( http://seekingalpha.com/article/152744-dow-chemical-presents-some-bad-charts-for-economic-bears).
Perhaps it 's just the lousy parts that created little or no economic value which are dying , if so then big deal , that 's the way it ought to be .
2 : The stock market keeps on going up , three months ago the wires were full of articles full of P/E ratios saying the rally was a dead - cat - bounce - sucker , but those guys are eerily subdued these days .
Could it be that the slightly improving GDP numbers are not telling the whole story ?
The only certainty about economists is that they can be relied on to get it badly wrong ; and that 's " official " .
A group of them from the LSE recently wrote a letter to Her Royal Majesty The Queen of England apologizing for their collective incompetence .
That is of course comforting , a bit like the navigator of the Titanic confessing that he can't read a map , half way across the Atlantic .
But at least now we know that we do n't know where we are , which is a start !
The first step in finding your way out of the woods ; is typically the realization that you are lost .
My point ?
Simply that it is quite possible that all is not what it seems .
Taking the components :
30 - Year Treasuries
Conventional wisdom says that Long Term Interest rates ( i.e. the 30 - Year Treasury ) , are set to rise ; that 's dictated by supply and demand and logic says that so long as the Treasury is selling , then prices will go down ( and yield will go up ) .
Or will they ?
If deflation is what 's in store , yields will go down not up , and regardless of the volumes of eloquent economic arguments that hyperinflation is just around the corner , yields just are n't going up much .
With all the new supply coming on line , it looks as if perhaps the market is pricing in deflation , regardless of what the economists are saying , ( or some of them ) ; economics we learn , is not an " exact " science ... now you tell us .
That reminds me of the days when I learnt to dive , they taught us how to figure out where was up ( you look at the bubbles ) .
I remember thinking , " how asinine is that ? "
But if you are diving in sludge at night , it 's good to know which direction is up and which is down , particularly when you are running out of air .
Clearly economics is not such an exact science that you can figure that one out so easy .
It could be that these days hardly anyone is " originating and distributing " asset - backed - securities ( ABS ) , or what are fondly referred to as toxic assets .
Those are ( or used to be ) considered as just like a US Treasury ( but with a better coupon rate ...( perhaps that was a clue ) ) .
Here is an interesting chart that I pulled from Mark Zandi's presentation to the House Financial services Committee on 21st July 2009 .
From 2005 - 7 the " shadow central bank " sold an average of about $ 2.75 trillion of those a year , in 2005 - 2007 ; they sold $ 1 trillion .
So net - net if you consider that less than a trillion of the $ 4 trillion of bail - outs plus stimulus deployed so far got any further than covering the bad loans that the genius bankers made , the supply of investment grade debt ( which generates real money on the street ) , is down , a lot ; and it 's likely to stay down until securitisation is fixed ( http://seekingalpha.com/article/144476-geithner-s-plan-doesn-t-get-it-securitization-is-the-solution-not-the-problem, so net - net , perhaps yields will go down ?
Perhaps also what 's happening now is that companies who " made " money out of inflation by borrowing at less than the rate at which the assets they held or the products they sold went up in price , are going to the wall .
But is that a bad thing ?
Those types of business add no real economic value , they just feed of the economic value created by others , and good riddance .
If you can't make money without inflation you should n't be in business ; I just wish someone would tell that to the Fed who seem to be convinced that 2.1 % inflation is " ideal " , although where they got that number from ( and how they measure inflation ) , is anyone 's guess .
Is it possible the economy is growing and no one noticed ?
Granted unemployment is going through the roof , but that 's a lagging indicator ; and it's not as if the mandarin economists have a track record of noticing what 's going on until it slaps them in the face , perhaps now is no exception ?
Measuring the size of an economy is hard at the best of times ; during times of radical change ( like now ) it 's quite possible the measurements were wrong .
For example : financial services add economic value ( or at least they are supposed to ) .
A banker lends money , he makes a margin , that 's economic value added , then he reports a profit and pays salaries and bonuses ; those get reported to the economists measuring economic activity and added to GDP .
But what if he did n't make money , what if he was " mistaken " .
Just because FASB says you made a profit , does n't mean you did , it just means you can legally defer the day of reckoning , and pay bonuses today .
What if the person the banker lent money to did n't pay it back , and instead spent it buying a gas guzzler and gizmos from outside USA that have no hope of generating economic value with which he can repay the loan ?
That 's negative economic value added , it 's no different from making tractors without wheels like they used to do in the Soviet Union ; then the State ( i.e. taxpayers ) paid for those , then salaries and suppliers were paid and that was booked as GDP , and then the tractors just sat rusting in the yard .
That 's pretty much what happened in USA .
Wall Street manufactured a lot of ABS , they proved to have a utility value not much better than a tractor without wheels , and the State paid for them .
It 's exactly the same business model as the Soviet Union ; I imagine Stalin is doing a jig in his grave .
The point is when exactly did the incompetent banker actually lose money ?
Was is ( a ) when he handed it over to the person who had no intention of paying it back ( and did n't ) , or ( b ) when the realization finally dawned in his thick skull that he was n't going to get the money back ?
The reality is ( a ) .
Perhaps at some point the GDP numbers for 2004 to 2007 need to be re-worked , because over $ 1 trillion of economic value added got booked as (+ ) when in reality it should have been booked as ( - ) , and that 's not including the trickle - down .
I heard a British accountant 's joke about that ... " what 's on the left ( assets ) is n't left , and what 's on the right ( liabilities ) is n't right " ; well if it was n't right then it should be corrected .
The reality is that then the bankers and their accomplices were destroying economic value hand - over - fist .
Now , they stopped doing that ( one would hope ) , in which case in reality GDP might be growing ( relative to back then ) .
Equally if you have a business unit that is destroying economic value ( like the tractor factory in the Soviet Union ) , by closing that down and firing the workers , you actually create economic value , simply by not destroying it , although insofar as GDP is concerned the accumulated losses of yesterday get booked today , so the economic value you create is shown as a negative in the GDP numbers .
I wonder how much " real " economic value could be created if they closed down Citi and BOA ?
GDP is a funny thing , here is another example :
The " contribution " to GDP of treating sick people in America is huge ; it 's a world leader in that field .
So how about this for an idea , perhaps as a patriotic gesture the NRA should introduce a " National Shoot Yourself In The Foot Week " ?
That would certainly boost GDP tremendously !
The reality is that America 's medical bills have a lot to do with pesticide residues , and hydrogenated ( trans ) fatty acids in the food chain .
McDonalds only just agreed to stop lacing its products with trans fatty acids ( and only in USA ) , yet it 's been known for years that those are as unhealthy as smoking , probably worse in fact ( Japanese do n't eat that sludge and they smoke and drink like crazy , and they live forever and they do n't get Cardiovascular Disease , Type Two Diabetes , Auto - Immune Diseases or Alzheimer 's ) , but the intake of that particular poison is huge in USA , I think they can still call it " vegetable oil " on the label , and vegetables are good for you yes ?
Umm ... not if they got hydrogenated ... sometimes everything is not what is seems !
So a good proportion of medical bills are self - inflicted , just like shooting yourself in the foot except in slow motion ; that 's no different from interest payments on debt , and no one has ( yet ) suggested that interest payments by the government on the national debt , adds to GDP .
Same story for military expenditure , going to war to chase imaginary threats and saving the world from dictators who are rude to you , does n't necessarily create economic value for the country , that 's unless you bring back " spoils " , which used to be the whole point ; but nowadays going to war is all about " World Peace " !
Jim Quinn remarked recently that over the past ten years USA spent $ 7 trillion on " defense " , achieving exactly what ?
( http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article12407.html).
So if that had n't been spent the national debt would be $ 4 trillion not $ 11 trillion .
He also remarked that what destroyed Rome was a chronic current account deficit , plus a bloated " defense " budget , sounds familiar ?
One lesson from the recent debacle is that all is not necessarily what it seems .
When to slam on the breaks ?
Although pumping liquidity and low interest rates into an economy is guaranteed to create " ignition " at some point , that 's if ( Big If ) , the economy is humming along nicely ; it 's rather like a foot on the gas .
But that does n't necessarily work when the timing is shot .
That 's like trying to get an old car with a manual choke going , if you flood the engine all you get is black smoke , loud bangs and if you 're lucky , a jerk - bang - jerk trajectory forwards .
But then when the sucker finally gets going , it does with a roar , which can catapult you through the garage door ; which is what all that talk of hyperinflation is about .
The trick is to ease off on the gas as soon as the engine starts running on at least four cylinders , the problem is how to know when ?
That was the mistake Chairman Greenspan made , and the real mistake was that he did n't understand that Wall Street had created a " shadow central bank " churning out and selling " Treasury - look - alikes " , like a sort of unseen supercharger .
One advance warning might well be whenever house prices really turn because ( as explained http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article6250.html), the fundamental driver of that is " real " nominal GDP ( that 's what is real without taking away some fantasy inflation number ) .
If house prices go on going up for another three months in USA , that could be a sign for Casey Jones to " watch his speed " .
And in case that happens , if you read about some poor soul that got pecked to death by a bunch of vultures ; that would be me !
POSITIONS : CIRCLING
By Andrew Butter
Andrew Butter is managing partner of ABMC , an investment advisory firm , based in Dubai ( hbutter@eim.ae ) , that he setup in 1999 , and is has been involved advising on large scale real estate investments , mainly in Dubai .
© 2009 Copyright Andrew Butter - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Andrew Butter Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
We ’ve just received a tip from a pretty reliable source that detailed for us some of iTunes 9’s upcoming features and they ’re pretty exciting .
One of the new additions to iTunes is said to include Blu-ray support which lines up nicely with a recent Apple Insider report about Apple integrating Blu-ray into their new iMac line - up .
Something else that will most likely make a bunch of people happy is that we ’ve been told iTunes 9 will finally include the ability to visually organize and arrange your iPhone and iPod touch applications .
Something that was n’t so clearly described was some kind of Twitter / Facebook / Last.fm integration .
Maybe broadcasting what song you ’re playing to your friends ?
Let ’s see how this pans out .
Even though we were n’t given a timeframe on a possible release , that yearly Apple iPod event around the September timeframe would most likely be a reasonable place to expect this sort of announcement we believe .
Thanks , Lindsey !
Like us on Facebook :)
Astounding photographs taken by photographers Arthur S. Mole and John D. Thomas .
These photos display tens of thousands of American soldiers posing as symbols of American history .
A battery - powered Tesla Roadster car is displayed during the second media day of the 79th Geneva Car Show at the Palexpo in Geneva in this March 4 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Arnd Wiegmann / Files
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Electric car sales could jump to 86 percent of U.S. light vehicle sales in 2030 if consumers do n’t have to buy batteries themselves , according to a University of California , Berkeley study to be released on Monday .
A company called Better Place and emerging rivals plan to offer pay - per - mile plans , similar to cell phone minutes .
A family would buy a car but Better Place would own the battery , offer charging stations , and swap out batteries as needed to extend the driving range .
The cost of building charging systems will be more than $ 320 billion over the next couple of decades , although health - related savings due to less vehicle pollution could be $ 210 billion , according to the study by economist Thomas Becker .
The main benefit to drivers would be cars with price tags and operating costs similar to or less than gasoline models .
Renault - Nissan is making cars for the Better Place project .
Better Place has said its system would be cheaper than using gasoline .
The Berkeley analysis predicted the per-mile cost of making and charging batteries , including the cost of building a charging system , would be similar to or sharply less than a gasoline car , depending largely on whether prices of petrol rise .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The top myths in the press this weekend about Vice President Joe Biden are that he was rebuffed in Iraq when he offered his good offices with regard to effecting Arab - Kurdish reconciliation , and that he gave Israel a green light to attack Iran .
Neither thing appears to be true .
So what really happened ?
Biden was given the job of working on Iraq reconciliation precisely because most elected Iraqi leaders want reassurance that the US is not abandoning the country to its fate .
Biden met with Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki , with Vice Presidents Adel Abdel Mahdi and Tariq al - Hashimi , and talked on the phone with President Jalal Talabani .
The NYT reported Biden saying ,
“ To quote one of the four principals with whom I met : ‘ With your concerns with Afghanistan , Pakistan , Korea , we were concerned we were moved to the bottom shelf , ’ ” he said .
“ And so I said , ‘ Well , you ’re not .
And evidence of that is , as the vice president of the United States I ’m here talking to you . ’
And it was clear that they – it was like , ‘ Yeah , we get it . ’ ”
On ABC This Week with George Stephanopolous , Biden explained what exactly his mission was in Iraq this weekend :
‘ one of the reasons I ’m here , George , is to push the last end of that , which is the need for political settlement on some important issues between Arabs and Kurds and among the confessional groups .
And I think we ’re well on our way . . .
What we offered the prime minister , as well as the speaker , as well as the two vice presidents , was that to the extent — let me give you an example .
The United Nations has started a process to deal with what they called the “ disputed internal borders . ”
And that is the debate between the Kurds and the Arabs as to where the line is .
Kirkuk is probably the biggest flashpoint .
And we were asked that we would — would we be helpful to the United Nations in doing this ?
I was further asked that would I communicate to the Kurdish leadership , who I have a close relationship with , that their passing a constitution through their parliament in Kurdistan was not helpful to the process that was under way .
‘
So the conflict over the disposition of the oil - rich province of Kirkuk , among Kurds , Arabs and Turkmen , has heated up in recent months , as this detailed Observer report shows .
This conflict has the potential to provoke an Arab - Kurdish civil war in the north and to draw in Turkey ( and maybe also Iran and Syria ) .
Biden ’s task is to use diplomacy to settle this issue before it can tear Iraq apart .
On the one hand , Az - Zaman writing in Arabic maintains that Biden ’s offer of mediation between the two sides was received lukewarmly and not in the way the Americans had hoped for .
On the other hand , Biden according to the NYT is seeking a new discourse that will underline the central Iraqi role in their security , downplaying the American connection .
The two reports seem contradictory because high Iraqi politicians are themselves sometimes at odds over the relationship with America .
Or , as Biden suggests , some politicians may be aiming their talking points at the Jan. 2010 parliamentary elections , and so seeking to maintain an image in public of independence and sovereignty even as they behind the scenes seek US support and cooperation .
A complicating factor is the growing dispute between the Arab members of the federal parliament and the parliament of the Kurdistan Regional Government .
The civil Kurdistan parliamentarians are working on a new constitution that Arabs see as threatening the unity of Iraq .
Biden was asked by Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki to lend his good offices to resolving those affairs .
He initially had planned a trip to the Kurdistan capital of Irbil , but this weekend ’s massive sandstorm knocked him out of it , and he had to speak to the Kurdistan leaders by phone .
As for the other news of the weekend , I think Biden ’s remarks on Israel and Iran were aimed at underlining the independence of US policy - making toward Iran .
He underlined twice that the US would not alter its own posture toward Iran , regardless of what others did .
That he also said that the Israelis are sovereign and that the US could not stop them from launching a missile strike on Iran , is just the United Nations Charter .
I.e. it is boilerplate .
In my view the significant bit is this :
‘ BIDEN : Look , Israel can determine for itself — it ’s a sovereign nation — what ’s in their interest and what they decide to do relative to Iran and anyone else .
STEPHANOPOULOS : Whether we agree or not ?
BIDEN : Whether we agree or not .
They ’re entitled to do that .
Any sovereign nation is entitled to do that .
But there is no pressure from any nation that ’s going to alter our behavior as to how to proceed .
What we believe is in the national interest of the United States , which we , coincidentally , believe is also in the interest of Israel and the whole world .
And so there are separate issues . ‘
So what Biden was really saying is that the Obama administration intends to engage Iran diplomatically , and that if anyone wants Iran attacked they will have to do it themselves .
This is not a green light to the Israelis , who hardly need one .
It is a tough message to the right wing of the Israel lobbies that the Obama administration is not going to launch any hostilities with Iran , even after the hard line power grab of three weeks ago .
Oh , and the statement may serve as a reminder to a recalcitrant Iran of what might happen to Tehran if it refuses to negotiate in good faith over its nuclear enrichment program .
( By the way , that there is no good evidence that Iran is working on a nuclear warhead , and that its current technological capacity is too limited for it to dream of such a thing any time soon , was again underlined by incoming International Atomic Energy Agency head Yukiya Amano .
Meanwhile , the real administration position on hostilities with Iran was clearly stated by Adm .
Mike Mullen , which is that they would produce enormous instability ( implied is that such instability would be bad for US troops in Iraq and Afghanistan ) .
In my view , Biden watchers still for the most part have n’t gotten him right .
End / ( Not Continued )
/home/hefner/clbuild/source/osicat/posix/w rappers.so
librt
libmpg123
On 32 - bit Linux , with newer versions of libmpg123 than my Debian - running laptop happens to have , the compile - time choice of large file support breaks binary compatibility with the libmpg123 library , wreaking havoc with the FFI bindings .
Specifically , if large file support is enabled , a number of symbols change names , e.g. , mpg123_open becomes mpg123_open_64 .
This is irritating and not how I 'd have done it ( for instance , I do n't think the version number of the shared library changes to indicate the break in compatibility ) , but I could 've easily worked around it in mpg123 - ffi by detecting which version is present at the time the library is initialized .
I very nearly did so , were it not for the following problem :
On 32 - bit Linux , due to the desire to have properly aligned data when using SSE instructions , recent versions of GCC provide support for aligning stack frames along larger boundaries , such as 16 bytes .
The mpg123 developers seem to take this support as sufficient justification to ignore the platform ABI , introducing dubious stack alignment checks at every entry point to the library .
This is not something I know how to work around from the CFFI binding in a reasonable fashion , so for the time being I 've given up on adapting to such hostile versions of the library .
Fortunately , I 've absorbed enough trivia eavesdropping on the SBCL hackers on IRC to know that Darwin uses 16 byte alignment for precisely the same reason , so SBCL must support it , and after a few minutes searching I hacked the align - stack - pointer macro in SBCL's x86 backend to enable the 16 byte alignment on Linux as well , which appears to work around the problem ( at the cost of my build environment getting even stranger ) .
I also rebuilt the libmpg123 library with -- disable - largefile and , just to be thorough , -- disable - aligncheck , and set my CFLAGS to - mstackrealign , two measures which I think should 've sufficed to solve the issue even without a hacked SBCL .
libmpg123
libmixalot - mpg123
libmpg123
libmpg123
libmad
As in just about every other field , computers have become an essential part of biological research .
Complicated algorithms and analyses that once took months of work by specialists are now available as Web services , and whole areas of study , such as genomics , can be pursued entirely in silico .
But , even though most biologists know how to plug in their data and act on the output of computational tools , precious few understand the math that 's going on behind the scenes , as most bioscience degree programs do n't require computer science or any math more advanced than calculus .
Two papers in the latest issue of Science argue that that 's a bad thing .
One focuses on the ability to represent the behavior of biological systems through algebraic notation , an area that 's badly neglected in both science and math education .
The second focuses generally on the incorporation of biology - specific math and computer science into the education system .
Both assume that the lack of a math background is a serious problem .
In general , as someone who has done a small bit of bioinformatics and a lot of biology , I 'm the perfect target audience for this argument .
But in reading the papers , I came away with the sense that the authors have lumped different arguments together in a way that confuses the real issues .
So what follows is my attempt to separate them out and evaluate each issue separately .
The first problem arises in the paper from Pevzner and Shamir , which treats the terms computational biology and bioinformatics as two names for the same discipline .
That may be how things are commonly understood but , to me at least , these are two separate endeavors .
Bioinformatics , as its name suggests , is primarily focused on the computer - aided analysis of data generated in biological systems , such as genome and gene expression array analysis .
We 'll get back to that later .
Computational biology involves the attempt to model biological systems in silico .
These models are informed by the biology , but they do n't necessarily require any biological data to be fed to them in order to run .
Obviously , anyone performing computational biology better have a really good grip on both biology and math / computer science , or they wo n't be able to know whether the models are valid and fix them if they 're not .
The same really does n't apply to bioinformatics .
Since there 's always real , underlying biological data there , the computation and analysis can be separated — a bioinformatician can simply turn to a biologist and have them sanity - check the results .
Fundamental , tool , or service
So , if we accept that everyone doing computational biology better know both math and biology , that 's still not evidence that regular biologists need math .
Most regular biologists will end up using bioinformatics tools to align DNA sequences , pick primers , etc .
So do they need to know the math behind the tools ?
I think to answer that , you have to understand where bioinformatics sits on what I 'd call the fundamental / tool / service spectrum .
For biologists , fundamentals are things like organic chemistry .
All of biology ultimately depends on it , and every biologist should really know something about it — even field biologists , who will have to consider things like how diet and environmental chemicals affect the organisms they study .
Bioinformatics really is n't a fundamental ; knowing how certain calculations are performed wo n't necessarily tell you anything about biology .
In fact , it 's somewhere between a tool and a service .
A tool is something that an average biologist will wind up using that has some biology behind it .
So , for example , it 's possible to use PCR to amplify DNA samples without knowing anything about what 's going into the tubes used for the reactions .
But it 's much better if a biologist does know ; the reactions behind PCR illustrate biological principles , and are essential knowledge for troubleshooting the procedure when it goes wrong ( as it inevitably does ) .
In contrast , DNA sequencing , which used to be a tool , has become a service .
You put your DNA sample in the mail , and download the sequence data from an FTP account a few days later .
The precise details of the actual sequencing reaction that was performed do n't really matter .
For the most part , bioinformatics software like those for sequence search and alignment are analogous to a service : the computer spits out a useful result , and you really do n't care how it got there .
If you can't get a decent result , your first response is n't to look for someone who knows math ; it 's to look for someone who 's more proficient with the service , and knows how to tweak the input parameters .
Knowing the math behind things might help with the tweaking or to appreciate the underlying biology , but it just as well might not — empirical experience can be more useful in many cases .
In a worst case scenario , of course , biologists can always resort to contacting someone who has training in bioinformatics , in much the same way as a biochemist might contact an immunologist if they needed to know more about that field .
That 's supposed to be helpful ?
If bioinformatics is a service , why is n't knowing how to use something as a service good enough ?
The authors simply state it is without providing an explanation .
" For example , biologists sometimes use bioinformatics tools in the same way that an uninformed mathematician might use a polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) kit , " they write , " without knowing how PCR works and without any background in biology . "
Presumably , we 're supposed to view that as problematic , although the authors never explain why it is .
The second paper , from Robeva and Laubenbacher , is n't brilliant about supporting its position , either .
It 's a sort of plea for education in algebraic modeling , which can apparently be used to represent biological systems .
The authors make their argument by using a textbook case : the Lac operon , a gene regulation system that appears multiple times in a typical biologist 's educational history , probably starting at AP bio in high school .
In modeling terms , however , the Lac operon needs three equations to be described , one of which takes the form :
L=k L ? L ( L e ) ?
G ( G e ) Q - 2 ? M( L ) B - ?
L L
They point out that presenting it in Boolean terms leads to a simplified diagram that still captures the essential features of the system .
Even when simplified , however , it 's not obvious that the model is any more informative than the standard textbook description , which refers directly to the biology .
And I 'm skeptical that knowing the model would actually improve a biologists ' ability to perform biological research .
This probably comes across as overly harsh — to a certain extent , the authors have a valid point : the more biologists know about the tools and services that they rely on , the better off biology as a whole will be .
Informed researchers are more likely to notice anomalous results and squeeze more information out of their data by better deploying existing tools .
And the authors ' suggestion that we design mathematics courses that will prepare biologists to solve the problems they 'll ultimately face would undoubtedly produce a more appealing math education .
But the same sorts of things can be said about biostatistics and physical chemistry , and it's rare to see either of those made a requirement for undergraduate degrees or doctoral programs .
( The former would have been very useful at several points in my research career , and even more useful now . )
If the argument is going to be made that biologists should learn more math and computer science , then those advancing it need to do a better job of explaining what , precisely , biologists need to understand about the computational tools , and why simply knowing how to use the tool is n't good enough .
There 's also a practical issue at play ; the authors argue that these additional computation courses be added to educational programs that are already loaded with required courses .
That 's pretty difficult to justify , especially given the other deserving topics that are already omitted from most program requirements .
In the end , the key questions are avoided in these papers : what , specifically , biologists need to learn , and how will it help them perform their primary function , namely biological research .
Without that information , it 's going to be impossible to actually design a course that might improve anything .
Science , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1173876
Science , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1176016
The FCD Child Well - Being Index ( CWI ) is an annual comprehensive measure of how children are faring in the United States .
It is based on 28 key indicators of well - being .
This year 's CWI is an updated measure of trends over the 32 - year period from 1975 to 2007 , with projections for 2008 .
Progress in American children 's quality of life has fluctuated since 2002 , and began to decline in 2008 .
A recent report , " Anticipating the Impacts of a 2008 - 2010 Recession " , measures the impact of the current recession on the overall health , well - being and quality of life of America 's children .
It finds that the downturn will virtually undo all progress made in children 's economic well - being since 1975 .
The significant decrease in this domain will also drag down the other domains of the CWI .
The impact will be especially severe for low - income children of color .
Other key findings from the report show a decline in social connectedness , declines in health , safety , education and family income , and a rise in poverty .
( Full )
Picture courtesy Old Picture of the Day
Below ( center pic ) is a diagram representing the different annual income levels of all Americans in stacks of cash .
At the very top are the super - rich ( see the tiny box ? ) .
At the bottom are the poor and the ' middle - class ' ( see the little box in the lower corner ? ) .
Everything in - between is inhabited by various ranks of millionaire .
Notice the little pink block at bottom left in the left - hand image ?
That 's where 96 % of Americans like you and me live .
If you 're like me , you never had any idea there was this much legal tender in the entire world -- much less just in America alone .
Click to zoom in .
Click to zoom in .
That enormous mountain of cash sitting under them is what allows an unwelcome handful of the rich to buy up our politicians and our news media .
Most of the rich are too busy enjoying their wealth to bother with such things , but the few who do can basically shape our world to their own ends -- perverse or otherwise .
And so long as our government officials need their money to get elected , there 's not very much we can do about it .
The result is we 're often woefully misinformed as to what 's going on , and even if we manage to figure things out anyway , our votes are far less potent than they were decades before -- because no U.S. politician can get into high office these days without being beholden to some small cabal of wealthy people or several mega-corporations somewhere ( in some European countries they 've mostly solved this with public financing of elections ) .
Note that these income numbers are only for rich families / households : they do NOT include much of what giant corporations have in their own separate coffers too , with which to deceive and manipulate us .
Something else might be taken from these figures as well : that if the rich were taxed more , they'd be less able to command our government and news media as they do today -- and we might get far better quality representatives in government , and far more truth and accuracy from our media than is the case at present .
For supporting references , please see :
The super - rich , the ' plain ' rich , the ' poorest ' rich ... and everyone else
What the rich do with their astonishing freedom from taxes
How people get rich in America BACK to Newz& Viewz ...
There are a lot of ways to learn the Spanish language .
There are classes , computer programs and even apps for your phone !
But what is the best way to learn ?
Well that kind of depends on the person and how they learn , not everyone learns the same way after all .
With all these options you might be wondering where to start , well hopefully this article can help you out !
– First things first , stay focused !
There is a ton of software , courses , apps and other options out there to help you learn but that does n’t mean you want to use them all .
When you ’re first starting out , pick one method to try and stick with it .
Jumping from software , to apps , to books all at once is n’t going to be nearly as helpful as you might be hoping .
– Group Classes .
Many people find learning in a group the best way to get to grips with Spanish .
Most large towns and cities will have native speakers offering Spanish classes .
These tutors may also offer individual Spanish lessons , and this may be your preferred method .
Local Spanish language classes can be fun and motivating , and with the right teacher you can get the benefits of having your punctuation corrected , and the lessons tailored to your own level .
– Speaking of apps …
When you ’re starting out you probably wo n’t have any idea what to start with .
That ’s okay , everyone is like that in the beginning !
One of the more entertaining ways to get started with is by using mobile apps .
Apps like Duolingo are a fantastic starting point !
Duolingo practically makes learning into a game .
You earn points and work towards more levels by getting answers right .
This fun , stimulating way to learn keeps you pulled in and paying attention by giving you goals as you keep going .
The fact that it ’s a mobile app , gives you the freedom to “ play ” with this learning method any time you get a free moment , so you do n’t have to schedule specific hours or days where you can buckle down and work .
– Podcasts .
If you want to add even more Spanish to your everyday activities , consider switching your regular tasks for one of the many language podcasts available for learning Spanish !
There are a ton of them out there that tailor their courses to even the earliest of beginners !
Immersing yourself this way can help you learn the sounds and feel of the language .
– Practice , practice and practice some more .
No matter what method you decide to use , practicing what you learn is vitally important !
The best way to do this is to find someone who knows the language already and is willing to help you learn .
If you do n’t already know someone who fits this description , a language exchange partner is a great option .
There are apps and websites filled with people looking to learn .
Whatever language you ’re fluent in ( if you ’re reading this then it ’s likely English ) there ’s someone out there that wants to learn it .
These programs are great because you can find someone who speaks the language you want to learn and wants to learn the language you already know !
Work together , practice and you ’ll both be having conversations in a second language in no time and maybe even make a new friend .
There are tons of ways to learn a second language , these were just a few of those options for you to consider !
Find the way that works best for you , work hard and you ’ll be conversational in your new language in no time at all .
For a price , The Washington Post offers lobbyists off - the - record access to ' those powerful few . '
WaPo cancels lobbyist event
Washington Post publisher Katharine Weymouth said today she was canceling plans for an exclusive " salon " at her home where for as much as $ 250,000 , the Post offered lobbyists and association executives off - the - record access to " those powerful few " — Obama administration officials , members of Congress , and even the paper ’s own reporters and editors .
The astonishing offer was detailed in a flier circulated Wednesday to a health care lobbyist , who provided it to a reporter because the lobbyist said he felt it was a conflict for the paper to charge for access to , as the flier says , its “ health care reporting and editorial staff . "
Advertisement
With the Post newsroom in an uproar after POLITICO reported the solicitation , Weymouth said in an email to the staff that " a flier went out that was prepared by the Marketing department and was never vetted by me or by the newsroom .
Had it been , the flier would have been immediately killed , because it completely misrepresented what we were trying to do . "
Weymouth said the paper had planned a series of dinners with participation from the newsroom “ but with parameters such that we did not in any way compromise our integrity .
Sponsorship of events , like advertising in the newspaper , must be at arm 's length and cannot imply control over the content or access to our journalists .
At this juncture , we will not be holding the planned July dinner and we will not hold salon dinners involving the newsroom . “
She made it clear however , that The Post , which lost $ 19.5 million in the first quarter , sees bringing together Washington figures as a future revenue source .
“ We do believe that there is a viable way to expand our expertise into live conferences and events that simply enhances what we do - cover Washington for Washingtonians and those interested in Washington , ” she said . “
And we will begin to do live events in ways that enhance our reputation and in no way call into question our integrity . ”
Executive editor Marcus Brauchli was as adamant as Weymouth in denouncing the plan promoted in the flier .
“ You can not buy access to a Washington Post journalist , ” Brauchli told POLITICO .
Brauchli was named on the flier as one of the salon ’s " Hosts and Discussion Leaders . "
Brauchli said in an interview that he understood the business side of the Post planned on holding dinners on policy and was scheduled to attend the July 21 dinner at Weymouth ’s Washington home , but he said he had not seen the material promoting it until today .
“ The flier , and the description of these things , was not at all consistent with the preliminary conversations the newsroom had , ” Brauchli said , adding that it was “ absolutely impossible ” the newsroom would participate in the kind of event described in the solicitation for the event .
" Underwriting Opportunity :
An evening with the right people can alter the debate , " says the one - page flier .
" Underwrite and participate in this intimate and exclusive Washington Post Salon , an off - the - record dinner and discussion at the home of CEO and Publisher Katharine Weymouth .
...
Bring your organization ’s CEO or executive director literally to the table .
Interact with key Obama administration and congressional leaders . "
The flier promised the dinner would be held in an intimate setting with no unseemly conflict between participants .
“ Spirited ?
Yes .
Confrontational ?
No , ” it said .
“ The relaxed setting in the home of Katharine Weymouth assures it .
What is guaranteed is a collegial evening , with Obama administration officials , Congress members , business leaders , advocacy leaders and other select minds typically on the guest list of 20 or less . …
Brauchli emphasized that the newsroom had given specific parameters to the paper ’s business staff that he said were apparently not followed .
He said that for newsroom staffers to participate , they would have to be able to ask questions and that he would “ reserve the right to allow any information or ideas that emerge from an event to shape or inform our coverage . ”
That directly contradicts the solicitation to potential sponsors , which billed the dinner as “ off - the - record . ”
“ Our mission in the news department is to serve an audience , ” Brauchli said , “ not serve our sponsors . ”
“ We do not use the Post ’s name or our journalists to gain access to officials or sources for the benefit of non-news purposes , ” he continued .
Brauchli said that Post employees on the business side — not the newsroom — would have been responsible for seeking participants for this event .
Reporters , he said , would not solicit sources or administration officials .
Brauchli said that he did not know who was invited or who accepted .
Ceci Connolly , a Post reporter who covers health care , told POLITICO that she had been told there would be a dinner and that she would be invited .
However , Connolly said , she “ knew nothing about sponsorships and had not seen any flier or invitation . ”
Brauchli declined to comment on whether anyone on the business side would be held responsible for the abortive plan .
He said that would be a decision for either Weymouth or Stephen Hills , The Post ’s president and general manager .
But regarding future events , Brauchli said : “ I would hope that everybody in the Washington Post Company is always sensitive to the importance of the newsroom ’s integrity and independence . ”
Charles Pelton ,
The Post business - side employee listed as the event contact , seemed to dispute Brauchli ’s version of events .
Pelton was quoted by Post ombudsman Andy Alexander in an online commentary as saying that newsroom leaders , including Brauchli , had been involved in discussions about the salons and other events .
“ This was well - developed with the newsroom , ” Pelton told Alexander .
“ What was not developed was the marketing message to potential sponsors . ”
According to Alexander , who called the flier a “ public relations disaster , ” Pelton told him : “ There ’s no intention to influence or peddle . ”
“ There ’s no intention to have a Lincoln Bedroom situation , ” referring to charges that President Bill Clinton used invitations to stay at the White House as a way of luring political backing .
Pelton did not return a phone call from POLITICO .
If POLITICO had not reported on the flier this morning , Brauchli said he expects someone would have seen it before the event and , given the obvious ethical issue , it would have been canceled .
Kris Coratti , communications director of Washington Post Media , a division of The Washington Post Company , said the flier “ came out of a business division for conferences and events , and the newsroom was unaware of such communication .
It went out before it was properly vetted , and this draft does not represent what the company ’s vision for these dinners are , which is meant to be an independent , policy - oriented event for newsmakers .
" As written , the newsroom could not participate in an event like this .
We do believe there is an opportunity to have a conferences and events business , and that The Post should be leading these conversations in Washington , big or small , while maintaining journalistic integrity .
The newsroom will participate where appropriate . "
Earlier this morning , Brauchli sent an e-mail entitled “ Newsroom Independence ” to his staff explaining his position .
" Colleagues , ” Brauchli said .
“ A flier was distributed this week offering an ' underwriting opportunity ' for a dinner on health care reform , in which the news department had been asked to participate .
The language in the flier and the description of the event preclude our participation .
" We will not participate in events where promises are made that in exchange for money The Post will offer access to newsroom personnel or will refrain from confrontational questioning .
Our independence from advertisers or sponsors is inviolable .
There is a long tradition of news organizations hosting conferences and events , and we believe The Post , including the newsroom , can do these things in ways that are consistent with our values . "
The first " Salon " was to be called " Health - Care Reform : Better or Worse for Americans ?
The reform and funding debate . "
More were anticipated , and the flier described the opportunities for participants :
“ Offered at $ 25,000 per sponsor , per Salon .
Maximum of two sponsors per Salon.
Underwriters ’ CEO or Executive Director participates in the discussion .
Underwriters appreciatively acknowledged in printed invitations and at the dinner .
Annual series sponsorship of 11 Salons offered at $ 250,000 … Hosts and Discussion Leaders ... Health - care reporting and editorial staff members of The Washington Post ...
An exclusive opportunity to participate in the health - care reform debate among the select few who will actually get it done .
... A Washington Post Salon ... July 21 , 2009 6:30 p.m. ...
" Washington Post Salons are extensions of The Washington Post brand of journalistic inquiry into the issues , a unique opportunity for stakeholders to hear and be heard , " the flier says .
" At the core is a critical topic of our day .
Dinner and a volley of ideas unfold in an evening of intelligent , news - driven and off - the - record conversation .
...
By bringing together those powerful few in business and policy - making who are forwarding , legislating and reporting on the issues , Washington Post Salons give life to the debate .
Be at this nexus of business and policy with your underwriting of Washington Post Salons . "
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs was asked Thursday in the briefing room if anyone from the White House was invited to attend the salons , and what the policy is for attending such events .
" I do n't know if anybody here was , " Gibbs said .
" I think some people in the administration , writ large , may have been invited .
I do not believe , based on what I 've been able to check , anyone has accepted the invitations . "
Gibbs said that the White House counsel would review such invitations and that they " would likely exceed " what would be considered appropriate .
Albert Reyes ( via Boooom ! )
The global recession has definitely affected art sales online and off .
New York Times
best online art stores , auctions , and galleries of 2009
Artnet
Mixed Greens
Artbreak
Mobtal
Here are more of the best online art stores , galleries , and auctions of 2009 :
What will be interesting is to see how art sales evolve in a Web 2.0 environment after the recession is safely over .
An article in thefrom 2007 notes , " New works , even in the six - figure range , are selling by digital image alone . "
We can expect that digital images will become more accepted as a medium for advancing sales in the art market .
eBay continues to be the largest art marketplace but most of the art on eBay is sold for significantly less than other online auctions and galleries .
During the Internet frenzy of 1998 - 99 , every major auction house and art gallery went online .
This resulted in a saturation of the marketplace and only three years later online art galleries were folding .
Although I do n't have the statistics , it seems there was a revival in the online art market between 2004 and 2007 , roughly paralleling the surge in offline art sales .
And here we are now in 2009 -- with new technologies and an abundance of sites that offer many angles on the art market .
Some sites target the artists themselves , offering web tools to sell and market their work .
Others are moderated online galleries where the artist must submit an application to gain entry .
And lastly there are the sites that target collectors and represent the traditional art sector for high end art sales .
Each type aims to fill a different niche .
Let 's look at some of theeBay art auction $ $ Low / Mid / HigheBay needs to be mentioned only because it is the largest art marketplace in the world .
From 2003 , a website called Elise.com gives a good analysis of eBay art sales .
The major insight to take away from the analysis is that 90 % of the art listings are under $ 100 .
Above $ 300 it becomes significantly difficult to sell art on eBay .
Nonetheless , art selling for $ 5,000 and higher does occur .
My site , Escape into Life , arts and culture webzine , will in fact be using eBay for our arts auction .
I chose eBay because it is the most recognized web - based auction system .
I plan to do the marketing for the auction myself , and therefore I am not relying on eBay to provide me with all of my bidders .
Unless you 've already developed a customer base on eBay , I would think simply jumping into the pool and trying to sell art would be a challenge .
For a buyer , eBay is a mixed bag .
You definitely need to comb through the listings .
It does n't filter out the best niche contemporary artwork for you , which a good online art store will do .
$ $ $ $ Mid/HighArtnet.com is the second biggest player in the online art market with more than 166,000 artworks by over 39,000 artists from around the globe .
On the site you can search the inventory of 2,200 galleries in over 250 cities worldwide .
In addition , there is a sleek online auction for works that range from $ 500 to $ 100,000 .
The online Artnet magazine features interviews with artists and art reviews .
There are also event listings and videos on the website .
The combination of online magazine , auction , price database , gallery listings , and artist listings , into single functional , easy to navigate site deserves the highest praise .
Keep in mind though that the breadth of Artnet is sometimes overwhelming for the casual buyer .
And the target audience is mainly collectors of fine art and arts dealers .
$ $ $ MidAnother well - established online art gallery .
Mixed Greens is a moderated online gallery , meaning one must be accepted into the gallery through an application process .
Currently , the gallery represents 22 artists " at varying stages in their careers .
"
The clean site design makes it easy to browse the listings , and the limited number of artists helps to act as a filter for niche contemporary art .
One of the exciting and different aspects of this website is that Mixed Greens puts on physical gallery exhibitions .
Works for sale on the site range from $ 2,500 to $ 20,000 .
College Art Online $ $ Low / MidCollege
Art Online sells student artwork at affordable prices .
The average price of artwork on the site is $ 250 , but works can sell as high as $ 3,000 .
The site is not moderated , which means anyone can join .
I was impressed by the site design and navigation , large gallery images , and quality of work .
The site says that it gives " art enthusiasts the chance to buy an original piece of art and collect works from artists who are hitting their prime in the art world .
" As with most online art galleries , you can search for works based on color , size , medium , and price .
Once you find something you like , you can add the work to your cart for the listed price or you can make an offer .
$ $ Low / MidArtbreak is a community based online art gallery where artists can easily upload their images .
Some work is for sale , other work is simply being shared with the world .
The aim of the site is to make it easy for artists to sell their work commission - free .
The site says , " Artbreak is a democratically disruptive gallery and marketplace .
It 's purpose is to give independent artists everywhere a global audience and an opportunity to sell their work directly without commissions , galleries or representatives .
" A large , random image changes regularly on the homepage and below are listings with thumbnails of " What 's Hot " and " Brand New " .
Artmo $ $ $ $ Mid / HighArtmo , art market online , features works from " the most distinguished and reputable art dealers . "
Similar to Artnet , Artmo has gallery pages showcasing a particular gallery 's collection .
The Artmo Marketplace seeks to eliminate the disconnect between dealers and collectors .
You can browse by artist or artwork .
In some cases , the price is listed ; otherwise you must request the price .
It is also possible to make offers .
I would say that Artmo hints at the future of high end online art sales .
The site is personable and not overwhelming ; a simple way for collectors to view works , make offers , and purchase art without leaving their house .
You can already see the Web 2.0 interface built into an online gallery for high end art .
$ $ Low / MidMobtal , portable art gallery , is a savvy membership based site , where artists can showcase and sell their work .
Each level of membership gives an artist more tools and marketing opportunities on the site .
Featured artists are prominently displayed at the top of each page .
When you click on an artist 's work , you find links relating to the artist such as profile , biography , resume , virtual exhibitions , news , events , and projects .
Most of the work on Mobtal sells for under $ 1000 .
You can also buy " M - cards " ( wallpaper for your cellphone ) of the art images .
One of the featured artists , Janet MacCallum , says , " Since joining Mobtal I have sold three paintings and have been recommended by one buyer to his friends via the M - card function .
The M - card is a quick and efficient method of promoting my artwork and has already helped me line up some commissions !
" In addition , Mobtal has partnered with the The Borneo Orangutan Survival ( BOS ) Foundation to donate £ 10 for each artist membership .
ArtQuid20x200 Saatchi Online SalesroomPhotographers Limited EditionsNew British ArtistsCounter EditionsUGallery
But that 's exactly what happened .
Senator John Ensign of Nevada was screwin ' around with the ladies .
The Fellowship of C - Street Electeds came together to pray about what they should do .
Evidently , Sen. Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) gave Ensign a pelvic exam ... and the flood doors opened .
I think its high time , Sen. Brownback and Rep .
Tiahrt tell us the truth about what they knew .
Were they involved in the cover - up ?
Were they at the prayer group ?
Did they council Ensign ?
Since this building is registered as a non-profit church with 501c3 status , has the IRS confirmed that there has been no political activity in the " church ?
According to the Wiki article
" The movement in the U.S. is incorporated in the United States as a tax - free 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization operating under the name The Fellowship Foundation .
While they conduct no fundraising operations , they reported revenues of more than $ 12 million in 2003 from donations .
Their primary activity is to develop small support groups for members of Congress .
Prayer groups have met in the Pentagon and at the Department of Defense . "
Has there been an investigation into its tax status ?
Do these elected officials live tax free in this building ?
Who is donating to this " Church ? "
Lobbyists , CEO's of major corporations , or institutions in which these elected officials are making laws about or sending earmarks to ?
Why has there been no mention of an investigation into this ?
Ensign is n't the first .
Other things have happened in the conservative cult .
Apparently there was some kind of exorcism .
It 's unclear if this was to a moderate elected official who tried to vote with the democrats , its unclear .
But I hear that Kansas Rep. Jerry Moran wo n't even walk down C Street for that very reason .
Bless his heart .
Tiahrt and Brownback must answer questions about their involvement in this cult ?
Do they believe in the radical agenda of this " church ? "
Do they believe in exorcism ?
Were they involved in the exorcism ?
Is this their first exorcism ?
Tonight on Rachel Maddow , author Jeff Sharlet ( who literally wrote the book on The Family ) talked about a link between Kansas Senator Sam Brownback now seeking the Governor 's seat despite his 51 % approval rating in Kansas , and Rep.
Todd Tiahrt who is being groomed to be a new Super Decean at the C - Street Fellowship as well as the new Kansas Senator .
( Video Above )
From Jeff 's book -- this is what he was referencing :
The day I worked at C Street I ran into Doug Coe , who was tutoring Todd Tiahrt , a Republican congressman from Kansas .
A friendly , plainspoken man with a bright , lazy smile , Coe has worked for the Family since 1959 , soon after he graduated from college , and has led it since 1969 .
Tiahrt was a short shot glass of a man , two parts flawless hair and one part teeth .
He wanted to know the best way " for the Christian to win the race with the Muslim . "
The Muslim , he said , has too many babies , while Americans kill too many of theirs .
Doug agreed this could be a problem .
But he was more concerned that the focus on labels like " Christian " might get in the way of the congressman 's prayers .
Religion distracts people from Jesus , Doug said , and allows them to isolate Christ 's will from their work in the world .
" People separate it out , " he warned Tiahrt .
" ' Oh , okay , I got religion , that 's private . '
As if Jesus does n't know anything about building highways , or Social Security .
We gotta take Jesus out of the religious wrapping . "
" All right , how do we do that ? "
Tiahrt asked .
" A covenant , " Doug answered .
The congressman half - smiled , as if caught between confessing his ignorance and pretending he knew what Doug was talking about .
" Like the Mafia , " Doug clarified .
" Look at the strength of their bonds . "
He made a fist and held it before Tiahrt 's face .
Tiahrt nodded , squinting .
" See , for them it 's honor , " Doug said .
" For us , it 's Jesus . "
Coe listed other men who had changed the world through the strength of the covenants they had forged with their " brothers " : " Look at Hitler , " he said .
" Lenin , Ho Chi Minh , Bin Laden . "
The Family , of course , possessed a weapon those leaders lacked : the " total Jesus " of a brotherhood in Christ .
" That 's what you get with a covenant , " said Coe .
" Jesus plus nothing . "
With Frat Brothers like this ... who needs voters ?
Thus I call you to action !
There must be an investigation to uncover what was going on , if there were behind the scenes deals made for donors to the church , if political favors were exchanged by funneling money , were donations given to elected officials to fund political activity .
Help demand an investigation by the IRS and by Congress !
UPDATE : See also , Jeff 's piece in Rolling Stone about Brownback - God 's Senator .
" I am a seeker , " he says .
Brownback believes that every spiritual path has its own unique scent , and he wants to inhale them all .
When he ran for the House he was a Methodist .
By the time he ran for the Senate he was an evangelical .
Now he has become a Catholic .
He was baptized not in a church but in a chapel tucked between lobbyists ' offices on K Street that is run by Opus Dei , the secretive lay order founded by a Catholic priest who advocated " holy coercion " and considered Spanish dictator Francisco Franco an ideal of worldly power .
Brownback also studies Torah with an orthodox rabbi from Brooklyn .
" Deep , " says the rabbi , Nosson Scherman .
Lately , Brownback has been reading the Koran , but he does n't like what he 's finding .
" There 's some difficult material in it with regard to the Christian and the Jew , " he tells a Christian radio program , voice husky with regret . "
UPDATE II : Thanks to dmhlt66 for the link to the IRS 990 form available on the comment section at WaPo via Citizen92 .
World - famous recording studios Abbey Road have announced the launch of a new on - line mastering service .
Clients submit their tracks digitally through the dedicated web site to Abbey Road ’s servers , then one of the studio ’s professional mastering engineers will be allocated the job .
The mastering process will take place in one of Abbey Road ’s top - class studios and , once the process is complete , the customer is notified , and a downloadable file in WAV , DDP Image , or PMCD format made available .
Vinyl mastering , which includes an audio CD for reference , is also an option .
Commenting on the launch of the service , Abbey Road ’s general manager Jonathan Smith said , “ we are delighted to launch our online mastering service and offer the expertise of our engineers to producers and musicians anywhere in the world .
Abbey Road Studios is dedicated to inspiring great new music and we see this as a fantastic opportunity to make that Abbey Road sound available to emerging talent whilst continuing our tradition for innovation within music technology .
” The standard Abbey Road on - line mastering service costs £ 90 excluding VAT per track ( $ 148 at the time of writing ) , while vinyl services start at £ 150 excluding VAT for both sides of the record ( $ 248 ) .
About The Author Gerri Elder is a content producer and social media strategist who has worked full - time on Internet development and marketing since 1997 .
Her current projects …
More about Gerri Elder …
35 CSS - Lifesavers For Efficient Web Design
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
CSS - design is not easy .
We need to find workaround across browser inconsistencies , not that easy CSS - concepts and quite counterintuitive CSS - solutions .
Now it ’s time to present you with some fresh ( or not mentioned earlier ) tools that can assist designers in their work .
Today , we will look at 35 new and useful CSS tools , generators and resources that can significantly improve your workflow and reduce your time efforts for CSS - coding .
Whether you ’re writing , compiling , refining or experimenting with CSS code – or all of the above – these tools can help you get the job done faster and better than ever before .
Extend CSS with advanced selectors , variables etc .
Less CSS
Say goodbye to bloated CSS code with LESS .
LESS uses existing CSS syntax to extend the capabilites of CSS while compiling lean code .
Sizzle A pure - JavaScript CSS selector engine designed to be easily dropped in to a host library .
Includes CSS 3 Selector support , escaped selector support # id:value , : contains ( text ) , : not : not ( a#id ) , : not : not ( div , p ) , not attribute value [ name ! =value ] , position selectors : first , : last , : even , : odd , : gt , :lt , :eq , easy Form selectors : input , : text , : checkbox , : file , : password , : submit , :image , : reset , : button and more .
Haml
When it comes to templating languages for Ruby , Haml is our pick of the litter .
Haml was built on the primary principle that markup should be beautiful .
Its creators say you should give yourself 20 minutes to sit down and concentrate and you can learn Haml .
After learning Haml , your templates will be fast , beautiful and ready to use on any busy website .
Object Oriented CSS
We demand high performance from CSS in the process of beautiful design work .
The problem with these demands has always been that the CSS code can become large and clumsy along the way .
Object Oriented CSS creates clean code for even the largest websites and is simple enough for even beginners to use .
DtCSS : Variables in CSS DtCSS is a PHP script that preprocesses your CSS file .
It speeds up CSS coding by extending the features of CSS , such as nested selectors , color mixing and more .
DtCSS reads the CSS file with special syntax written for DtCSS , and outputs the standard CSS .
It also comes with a smart caching system .
CSScaffold Everyone has heard the arguments before - the pro’s and con’s of CSS frameworks like Blueprint .
They ’re not semantic and they ’re inflexible .
Everyone knows it , but it ’s a start .
CSScaffold merges the productivity increase of CSS frameworks , with the dynamic capabilities of Cacheer .
Inline Styler
The Inline Styler converts CSS rules into inline style attributes with the click of a mouse .
Choose between entering a url or pasting source url into the box and click convert .
It ’s all done for you .
Emogrifier Emogrifier automagically transmogrifies your HTML by parsing your CSS and inserting your CSS definitions into tags within your HTML based on your CSS selectors .
You can either use the form below to paste your HTML or CSS , or if you ’re more technically inclined , you can download the PHP source code and use it in your own applications .
Great for making e-mail newsletters .
Better Web Readability Project
The main purpose of this project is to contribute to a better reading experience on - screen by using a CSS typography library .
Readability Readability is a simple tool that makes reading on the Web more enjoyable by removing the clutter around the text .
Just drag the bookmarklet to your bookmark toolbar to enjoy easier reading on the Web .
Texster Texster is a CSS code generator that allows you to preview 19 fonts as you adjust size , color , line height , character spacing , word spacing and indent properties - so there are no surprises .
Syncotype Baseline Overlay Bookmarklet
Either install the Safari / Firefox bookmarklet or add one script tag to your page , and the Syncotype box appears in the upper right .
Enter your line height and offset from the top of the page in pixels and Syncotype overlays your baseline in red .
CSS Font Matching
A list of font comparisons for web development and CSS that compares all three major systems : Linux , MacOS X and Windows .
CSS Font and Text Style Wizard
This tool allows you to easily apply CSS styling to text and generates HTML and CSS source code for you to copy and paste .
1 Kb Grid A simple tool that generates lightweight CSS - grid and lets you download it .
Very useful .
Fluid 960 Grid System
A set of comprehensive templates for rapid interactive prototyping , based upon the 960 Grid System , covering main design elements such as forms , typography , graphics and various dynamic components .
Grid System Generator
The grid system generator will create fixed grid systems in valid CSS / XHTML for rapid prototyping , development and production environments .
In addition to the css framework , it creates a background file ( sample ) that you can use in Fireworks , Illustrator , OmniGraffle , Photoshop , Visio ( etc. ) to aid in prototyping and design .
BluePrint CSS Architect
This tool will generate the CSS required to layout an XHTML template .
It uses Blueprint CSS at the core , but it does not implement the Blueprint grids through classes .
Rather , it generates the same CSS for the IDs you have already defined in your template .
BOKS BOKS is a visual grid editor that was designed for designers who believe the grid system is good , but have n’t had time to fall in love with it yet .
Since it is an AIR application , it works on Windows , Mac and Linux and provides a user interface for Blueprint CSS ’s framework .
CSS Grid Calculator
Use the CSS Grid Calculator to quickly visualize page layout and draw grids in a variety of ways .
It provides accurate visual feedback on how text blocks and page divisions will appear in browsers and returns style declarations for divisions and code to copy and paste into your CSS .
CSS Frameworks
BlueTrip CSS Framework
A full featured and beautiful CSS ( Cascading Style Sheets ) framework which combined the best of Blueprint , Tripoli ( hence the name ) , Hartija ’s print stylesheet , 960.gs ’s simplicity , and Elements ’ icons , and has now found a life of its own .
Including a 24 - column grid , sensible typography styles , clean form styles , a print stylesheet , an empty starter stylesheet , sexy buttons and status message styles .
Compass
This CSS Meta -Framework provides ports of the best of breed CSS frameworks ( blueprint , yui , 960 ) to Sass .
HTML /CSS/JS - Kickstart 0.9
A lightweight library of files and folders for getting started on projects really quickly – a kick - start for static web development .
i Phone - universal IPhone - universal is a CSS framework for iPhone Web application developers .
This tool makes it simple to create an app using different iPhone interfaces .
Mappet A visual generator of maps using CSS .
Very handy .
Vanilla CSS
Un-reset Vanilla is a CSS “ un - reset ” that works in tandem with CSS resets such as the Yahoo CSS Reset .
Vanilla is meant to be dropped into your stylesheet , tweaked and handled to your liking .
It ’s meant to be some kind of a baseline stylesheet , so that you do n’t have to start over every time .
CSSEd A small developer editor and validator , a GTK2 application to help create and maintain CSS style sheets for web development .
HTML test page for CSS The Snipplr html test page for CSS style guide is a good place to test and analyze CSS code .
Snipplr is also a public source code repository to store and organize snippets of code to be shared with other designers and developers .
CSS Styling Code Convention Convention NodeWave provides a complete downloadable CSS Coding Style Convention with guidelines to improve development productivity .
CSS Http Request Cross - domain AJAX using CSS .
Like JavaScript includes , this works because CSS is not subject to the same - origin policy that affects XMLHttpRequest .
CSSHttpRequest functions similarly to JSONP , and is limited to making GET requests .
Useful Browser Extensions For CSS - Coding
CodeBurner CodeBurner is a Firefox add - on that integrates with Firebug , to extend it with reference material for HTML and CSS .
The extension ’s core functionality is centered around a new Reference panel , which contains a search tool for looking up HTML elements , attributes , and CSS properties .
CSS Usage 0.0.5
This is a Firebug extension that allows you so scan multiple pages of a site to see which CSS rules are actually used .
PixelPerfect Firefox Plugin
This Firefox plugin generates an overlay over a web composition over top of the developed HTML .
Firebug Lite Designers who use FireFox may have used the Firebug extension for some time now , but not everyone uses Firefox .
Firebug Lite brings the goodness of Firebug to Internet Explorer , Opera and Safari .
Firebug Lite is a JavaScript file that can be inserted into Web pages to simulate Firebug features in browsers other than Firefox .
ReCSS
This handy bookmarklet makes refreshing your CSS simple .
It comes into play when you ’re developing dynamic applications .
Tested in IE and Firefox and also now has an update with Safari support .
Dust - Me Selectors 2.11
Time for some CSS housekeeping ?
Dust - Me Selectors is a FireFox plugin that finds unused CSS selectors to help you keep your code clean .
Markdown Markdown is a text - to - HTML conversion tool for web writers .
Markdown allows you to write using an easy - to - read , easy - to - write plain text format , then convert it to structurally valid XHTML ( or HTML ) .
Requires Perl 5.6.0 or later .
Visual QuickMenu
Make custom menus on the fly with Visual QuickMenu .
Choose a template , click the customize button and instantly create .
Visual QuickMenu produces cross browser / cross code menus , capable of running on 100 percent Pure CSS alone , or JavaScript if it ’s present in the browser .
CSS Redundancy Checker CSS Redundancy Checker is another tool to help keep your code tidy .
Use this tool to find CSS selectors that are n’t used by any of your HTML files and may be redundant .
CSS Tools Coda Plugin CSS
Tools brings the power to reformat your CSS to Coda .
With this tool you are able to convert a style sheet from a single line to multi-line and vise - versa and compress your CSS code if you ’d like .
CSS Fly CSSFly is a developer ’s tool for easy site - editing , direct and in real - time in your browser .
Simply edit the ( X ) HTML - code and the external Style - Sheet files - what you code is what you get !
Silk Sprite Silk Sprite is a Blueprint CSS plugin providing the Popular Silk Icon Package in CSS Sprite form to improve peformance and ease of use .
htmlwrapper Wrapper is a cross - browser compliant HTML / CSS rendering engine written in ActionScript that sits on top of your standards compliant HTML page .
Wrapper eliminates cross - browser issues and makes integrating ActionScript and HTML / CSS projects possible without needing to compile .
[ ] ( http://code.google.com/p/htmlwrapper/)
CSS Cheat Sheet Wallpaper
Rather than opening and closing a CSS cheat - sheet , you can now simply use this attractive wallpaper .
Styleneat With Styleneat you can input CSS code , upload a file or specify the url of the stylesheet you wish to organize .
There are options to arrange properties or sorters alphabetically , import and organize linked stylesheets and to have the output in single or multi-line formatting .
SmartSprites SmartSprites is a CSS sprite generator that allows you to easily introduce and maintain CSS sprites in your designs .
SmartSprites parses special directives you can insert into your original CSS to mark individual images to be turned into sprites .
It then builds sprite images from the collected images and automatically inserts the required CSS properties into your style sheet , so that the sprites are used instead of the individual images .
Typo3 CSS / JS Merger
This extension speeds up your website by merging your css and js files to minimize requests .
The Box Office The Box Office lets you wrap / float / contour text around freeform images using CSS for usage in ( X ) HTML pages .
Using today ’s techniques ( PHP / CSS / XHTML ) it automates the task of wrapping the text ; allowing you , the webdeveloper , to kick back and relax a little .
IE6 CSS Fixer : starter kit This is a tool specifically designed to ease the pain of the ie6 css debugger .
It is not a one - click - fix - all tool and no final version exists yet .
It gives designers a head - start by correcting roughly 40 - 60 percent of IE6 issues with a click and outputing rough code that can be refined .
Wufoo CSS / XHTML Form Templates
A collection of customizable CSS / XHTML - templates for web forms that can be downloaded and used for free .
JSON CSS CSS is great at the basics , but there is a lot of opportunity for improvement by adding a few simple programmatic concepts like variables , inheritance , syntactical cascading , and browser detection .
That ’s what makes JSON CSS better .
Alternative implementation .
You may want to take a look at the following related articles :
Quantitative information flow measurement
The webpage about quantiative information flow and our Flowcheck tool has moved to the University of Minnesota along with the ongoing research .
See :
This page will also automatically redirect there in a few seconds .
For historical interest the old version of this page is still available at CSAIL .
The effort gained steam last year when .ORG announced its intention to secure itself with DNSSEC .
It 's an effort that involved millions of dollars of effort , according to the technical operator of .ORG , Afilias .
DNSSEC is a key technology that provides a way to digitally sign domain information to help ensure its authenticity .
It has been hailed as the solution to DNS vulnerabilities first reported by security Dan Kaminsky in 2008 that had the potential to disrupt all Internet traffic .
Though the main .org domain is now signed , there is still much work to be done until all .org domain holders benefit from DNSSEC security .
" In September , we said we were locking down the steps and working toward getting it signed , and that was a significant announcement , " Ram Mohan , CTO of Afilias and the technology provider for the .ORG registry , told InternetNews.com .
" Now we 've done what we promised we would do eight months ago . "
The last eight months have not been without challenges that Affilias had to overcome to get .ORG signed , including bugs discovered and fixed in the core BIND DNS software used .
" The biggest surprise for me was realizing how many processes we had to invent .
Simple things like , so you have signed the zone , but how are you going to protect the key ?
There are no standards for that , " Mohan said .
" The lack of a uniform deployment methodology was probably our single biggest challenge . "
The move to DNSSEC also involved significant resources , time and effort .
Ram said Affilias has been involved with signing .org for more than two years .
At the peak of the effort , he said there was a team of 30 to 40 people working on it on a full - time basis .
The effort was n't so much about hardware , according to Ram , but was more about the people cost and getting the expertise .
Ram did not provide a specific figure for how much the DNSSEC effort cost , but it he did give a rough estimation .
" If I had to give you a ballpark , I 'd say we 're definitely into the seven figures , " Ram said .
" It was a multi- million dollar exercise for us . "
What is protected ?
While the top level of .org is now signed with DNSSEC , it does not mean that all .org domain holders are automatically protected .
Ram explained that a good way to think of how the system works is to think of it as a pyramid .
At the top level of the pyramid is .org , which is managed by PIR , the Public Interest Registry , and operated by Afilias .
" Everything we do for .org has an impact on all the layers of the pyramid , " Ram said .
" If you touch the top , it does n't mean the levels below automatically get protected , it simply means that when they want to get protected , the top of the pyramid is already ready for them . "
So if an individual .org domain owner wants to get DNSSEC signed , they just need to get it set up either through their own domain registrar , on their own DNS server , or by way of a third - party service like Affilias ' one - click DNSSEC service .
Getting enough registrars on board to support DNSSEC for .org is a key next step , said Ram .
" We now have only two out of a total of close to 400 , so obviously that number has to increase so consumers have choice and can stay with their existing registrars , Ram said .
While .org is now being set up for DNSSEC , other top - level domains , including .com , still need to be signed .
VeriSign ( NASDAQ : VRSN ) , the vendor that operates .com , has told InternetNews.com that they are working on a DNSSEC testbed , although no firm date has been set for broad deployment .
Afilias operates 15 other top - level domains , including .info and .in ( India ) .
Ram said .org is the largest , with some 7 million registered domains .
" Clearly .org is the flagship and one of the most trusted domains on the Internet , and it made the most amount of sense for that to be the strategic priority , " Ram said .
President Obama and his Russian counterpart , Dmitri Medvedev , “ agreed to agree ” Monday , said the Los Angeles Times in an editorial .
And that ’s a big accomplishment , given the “ sorry state of bilateral relations that the two leaders inherited . ”
The first U.S. - Russian summit in seven years has produced few breakthroughs — a cut in nuclear stockpiles , a deal for the U.S. to fly military supplies over Russia — but its a “ good start ” toward mending crucial ties .
In many ways this looks like all of Obama ’s foreign visits , said Michael Idov in The Daily Beast .
But beneath the usual photo ops and treaties is an anomaly — Russia is that “ rare land ” where Obama is “ neither despised nor loved . ”
The only Russians not apathetic about his visit are the “ hipster set ” in Moscow , and even they view him like “ the iPhone and Scarlett Johansson : a nifty little thing it would be nice but impossible to claim as our own . ”
Presumably , Medvedev and “ Supreme Leader Vladimir Putin ” are also happy about Obama ’s visit , said The Wall Street Journal in an editorial .
After all , the summit’s “ retro ” agenda “ rests on a fiction ” : that Russia is still a superpower with anything concrete to offer us .
The nuclear deal is fine , but Obama should focus on U.S. goals : missile defense in Poland , protecting Georgia , and expanding freedom to Russia ’s embattled neighbors .
It ’s true that “ the most valuable reset buttons are on Obama ’s side of the table , ” said The Boston Globe in an editorial .
But he can get more concessions out of Russia — say , real help keeping Iran nuke - free — if he gives up things Russia fears but the U.S. does n’t need , like the dubious nuclear shield and the unlikely NATO membership for Georgia and Ukraine .
Robinhood Has Lured Young Traders , Sometimes With Devastating Results
Its users buy and sell the riskiest financial products and do so more frequently than customers at other retail brokerage firms , but their inexperience can lead to staggering losses .
Cincinnati Bengals receiver Chad Ochocinco was fined $ 5,000 for wearing an orange chin strap during a preseason game .
Ochocinco first wrote about the fine on his Twitter account Saturday , saying , " WTF I got a damn fine already , it 's the damn preseason , this is some b-------!!!! "
Rule 5 , Section 4 , Article 3 ( a ) specifies that all players must wear a " Helmet with chin strap ( white only ) fastened and face mask attached . "
AFTER finding it hard to eat and feeling so weak , Patrick Swayze is using marijuana as he battles aggressive pancreatic cancer , it has been claimed .
According to the National Enquirer , the Dirty Dancing star , 56 , has found that smoking pot helps ease his nausea , insomnia and anxiety .
Gallery - Swayze and his Dirty Dancing days
" He ’s recently gained a little weight and feels more normal than he has in months , " a source told the tabloid .
" Patrick was rapidly losing weight because he could n’t keep food down .
" He was so weak , he needed help getting around . "
Friends persuaded Patrick to try marijuana , disclosed the insider , and it seems to have helped .
" Patrick and his brother Donnie get together almost every day and smoke a joint , " the source added .
" They have been seen smoking weed on the roof of Cedars - Sinai Medical Center while Patrick was getting a treatment . "
" Marijuana works extremely well " for many cancer patients , said Dr. Ron Kennedy , a physician in Santa Rosa , Calif. , who provides medicinal marijuana .
“ It helps fight nausea from chemotherapy treatments and may alleviate anorexia or lack of appetite . "
Originally published as Swayze smokes dope to ease pain
You have already voted for this video .
Error ( no video , no sound )
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Report this video as :
' ''► ► ******* Magnet4Power **** - ''' Ferrofluid is a magnetic liquid .
It is composed of tiny nanoparticles ...
' ''► ► ******* Magnet4Power **** - ''' Ferrofluid is a magnetic liquid .
It is composed of tiny nanoparticles of magnetic material .
It flows like a liquid and attracts to a magnet .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Federal Reserve won a delay of a federal judge ’s order that it reveal the names of the banks that have participated in its emergency lending programs and the sums they received .
Chief Judge Loretta Preska of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan stayed her August 24 order in favor of Bloomberg News , which had sought the information under the federal Freedom of Information Act , so that the central bank could appeal .
The Fed ’s board of governors has worried that disclosure would stigmatize the participating banks , threatening both them and the U.S. economy .
It argued disclosure threatened “ irreparable harm to these institutions and to the board ’s ability to effectively manage the current , and any future , financial crisis . ”
The case and a similar one involving News Corp 's NWSA .
O Fox News Network LLC raise the issue of how much the public has a right to know about how the government is bailing out a troubled financial system .
The Fed was not immediately available for comment .
Preska directed the Fed ’s board of governors to file a notice of appeal and an emergency stay application with the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
She also said Bloomberg will not , for now , insist on a search of “ official files ” at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , after the central bank ’s representation that a search would likely be fruitless .
The case arose when two Bloomberg reporters submitted FOIA requests about actions the Fed took to shore up the financial system in 2007 and early 2008 , including an expansion of lending programs and the sale of Bear Stearns Cos to JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM.N .
The case is : Bloomberg LP v. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , U.S. District Court , Southern District of New York ( Manhattan ) , No. 08-9595 .
Do you know what this is ?
This is It .
This is the hamburger bun recipe I ’d been obsessing , dreaming and fretting over when I had my Incident back in May , which was namely that I ’d spent a ridiculous amount of time and ingredients fighting a no - good recipe with a decidedly average finish .
Since then , my frustration has faded somewhat , and I ’ve come to terms with the fact that perhaps they were n’t the end of the world , they just were n’t the thing I was looking for : they were more of a limp white bread bun — the kind so easily purchased at a store under any generic brand , it made little sense to eek them out at home — and I wanted something a little more moist and rich .
I wanted something better , the kind of thing that you knew you were n’t going to get in any plastic bag .
In the six weeks since , I have waded through nearly 100 burger bun recipes , all submitted by you kind folks with promises that they ’d be better .
I saw white bread buns and challah buns and whole wheat sourdough buns and you - name - it buns and , gah , I barely knew where to begin .
And then , just as I was halfway through the early steps of a totally different hamburger bun recipe that , if all goes well , will be a wonderful , unusual complement to these , I dropped that effort completely in the pursuit of the Light Brioche Buns run in the New York Times article this week on the elements of a perfect burger .
My hunch that they were onto something grand was duly rewarded .
These buns are plush and mildly sweet and slightly buttery ; think of them as halfway between a high - quality white bread and a decadent brioche .
When you pick them up , they feel heavy for their size and when you lightly toast their edges — a must , says both the New York Times and yours truly — before building your perfect burger dreams upon it , they sing .
You ’ll sing .
Seriously , I had a Moment with these yesterday , part relief that the recipe I ’d been looking for was indeed out there and — bonus ! — not laden with an excess of steps or labor and part a deep sigh , because they ’re splendid , and I ca n’t wait to give them a proper spin on the grill tomorrow .
If they make it that long .
Previously : I ’ve been posting up a storm this week , but promise to stop now .
Check out the Watermelon Lemonade I ’m drinking right this very second or an avalanche of July 4th slaw and sides ideas if you ’re just catching up now .
Light Brioche Burger Buns
Adapted from Comme Ça restaurant in Los Angeles , via the New York Times
Go !
Make these !
What are you waiting for ?
Makes 8 4 to 5 - inch burger buns
3 tablespoons warm milk
2 teaspoons active dry yeast
2 1/2 tablespoons sugar
2 large eggs
3 cups bread flour
1/3 cup all - purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter , softened
Sesame seeds ( optional )
1 . In a glass measuring cup , combine one cup warm water , the milk , yeast and sugar .
Let stand until foamy , about five minutes .
Meanwhile , beat one egg .
2 . In a large bowl , whisk flours with salt .
Add butter and rub into flour between your fingers , making crumbs .
Using a dough scraper , stir in yeast mixture and beaten egg until a dough forms .
Scrape dough onto clean , well - floured counter and knead , scooping dough up , slapping it on counter and turning it , until smooth and elastic , 8 to 10 minutes .
The dough will be on the sticky side so it can be a bit messy , but keep in mind that the more flour you knead in , the tougher the buns will get .
Try to leave them tackier than you would a round loaf .
3 . Shape dough into a ball and return it to bowl .
Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk , one to two hours .
( In my freaky , warm apartment this only took an hour . )
4 . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper .
Using dough scraper , divide dough into 8 equal parts .
Gently roll each into a ball and arrange two to three inches apart on baking sheet .
Cover loosely with a piece of plastic wrap lightly coated in nonstick spray and let buns rise in a warm place for one to two hours .
( Again , this only took one hour in my apartment and I suspect , you ’ll also only need an hour for a second rise . )
5 . Set a large shallow pan of water on oven floor .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees with rack in center .
Beat remaining egg with one tablespoon water and brush some on top of buns .
Sprinkle with sesame seeds , if using .
Bake , turning sheet halfway through baking , until tops are golden brown , about 15 minutes .
Transfer to a rack to cool completely .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
John H. Richardson
( Click here to read Part One in John H. Richardson 's exclusive series on the road with the " birther " movement )
Suddenly it's in the air , crackling like heat lightning on a summer day .
Maybe it 's the big one the punishment at last , the prophecy fulfilled , the final battle , the covenant broken , all the sermons and scary movies coming true .
The years of war and terror have entered America 's bones , the economic crash a confirmation , and a decade of increasing polarization a trigger for the most outrageous thoughts , suddenly speakable :
On the left , it 's Naomi Wolf calling President Bush a fascist bent on setting up a " gulag , " Amiri Baraka asking " who told 4,000 Israeli workers at the Twin Towers to stay home , " Katha Pollit writing the American flag " stands for jingoism and vengeance and war . "
On the right , it 's Rush Limbaugh joking that we should n't kill all the liberals because we need a few to remind us what they stand for , Ann Coulter saying her only regret was that Timothy McVeigh did n't bomb the New York Times building , Sarah Palin accusing Obama of " palling around with terrorists . "
Then there 's Orly Taitz , queen of the " birthers , " who brings outrageous thinking to a whole new level .
This was her at the Knob Creek Machine Gun Shoot in Kentucky , which I touched on here last week , well before the town - hall tirades took over the airwaves .
This was her four months ago , shouting over the gunfire in a thin , shrill voice :
" I am extremely concerned about Obama specifically because I was born in Soviet Union , so I can tell that he is extremely dangerous .
I believe he is the most dangerous thing one can imagine , in that he represents radical communism and radical Islam :
He was born and raised in radical Islam , all of his associations are with radical Islam , and he was groomed in the environment of the dirty Chicago mafia .
Can there be anything scarier than that ? "
At the " birther " booth , Taitz greeted her fans .
" I 'm so thrilled to meet you , " said an Air Force vet named Thomas Fehring , a go - kart engine builder from Cincinnati .
A man named Bill Steiner shook her hand eagerly .
" I drove 500 miles from Pennsylvania to meet you . "
Then suddenly he turned and shouted at the crowd .
" If you do not believe that the free - enterprise system is the best possible way to raise the standard of living for everyone , then you 're not an American . "
I made a date to accompany Taitz and a group of " birthers " on a trip the next day to the state capital , where they were going to meet the attorney general and demand an investigation into Obama 's birth certificate .
A few minutes later , the man standing in the booth and passing out flyers Carl Swensson , a computer store owner from Georgia addressed the gathering crowd .
" All right , everybody !
If you are from Kentucky and you would like to be a part of a common - law jury to try and indict the usurper , Barry Soetoro aka Barack Hussein Obama , all you need to do is step forward and we will hold court here today , right now ! "
" Speaking truth , brother . "
Three people stepped forward .
" Anybody else from Kentucky ?
All you gotta be is citizens of the state , eligible to vote . "
A militia leader named Mark Koernke came forward with a group of his followers , bearded men in camouflage .
They fell quickly into an animated conversation .
" They got tent cities .
It 's 1929 all over again . "
" Our sales are way down .
People ai n't buying . "
" DHL is shutting down all its air freight .
That 's like 9,000 people gone . "
One of the men edged closer to read what I was writing down on my pad .
" Who do you work for ? "
" You 're from New York City ? "
" He 's FBI , " another said .
The men were also worried about a ban on assault weapons and microstamps on shell casings and a plot by " the globalists " to cut the world population to one billion people .
But here 's the odd thing : they seemed very cheerful about it downright thrilled , even , especially when Koernke launched into a speech about guerrilla warfare and when a heavy - metal band called Poker Face struck up a set of songs with titles like " The Illuminati " and " Revolution " ( I am the watchman out on patrol / I see the nation crumbling right out of control ) .
It 's like Dostoevsky said : " A man can take pleasure even in a toothache . "
And an aching nation is a fine occasion for a party .
Let me be clear : I have no problem with guns ( that 's me with the M - 4 ) , and I love blowing stuff up as long as we agree to keep the guns out of the hands of criminals and crazies .
And Jesus is just fine with me as long as you keep the Morality Police out of my bedroom .
But that night , back at my motel , the TV news was all about a man named Richard Poplawski , a gun collector who had just killed three police officers because he believed that the cops were no longer able to protect society as a result of the economic collapse .
Later it came out that he was also a regular visitor to the Stormfront white - power site , where he posted a clip of Glenn Beck raving about the " FEMA camps " that Obama was supposedly building to lock up patriots come the revolution .
This drove home a scary truth : Ideas can have a body count .
The next morning , I met Taitz in a Cracker Barrel parking lot outside of Louisville .
She was joined by a small group of Kentucky citizens , and they were the nicest people you could imagine warm and welcoming , quiet and modest , dressed as if they were going to church : a tweed jacket for the homeschooler teaching six children , a flowered shirt for the woman who was a delegate to the last Republican convention , a row of medals for the small white - haired man who once commanded a Navy submarine , a white cowboy hat for the pastor of a Children of God church .
" It gets worse and worse and worse , " one said .
" Did you see Obama bowing to the Saudi Prince yesterday ? "
" They financed his Harvard education , " said another .
" That 's his sugar daddy right there , " said a third .
We set off in a flotilla of cars .
When we got to the state office complex an hour later , it took less than ten minutes for us to get badges and pass through security .
A man named George Wilding , the manager of Kentucky 's Public Corruption Unit , led us to a conference room .
A few minutes later , we were joined by Bob Foster , Kentucky 's Commissioner of Criminal Investigations .
Then Taitz began to talk , and she did not stop for 15 solid minutes : Obama forged this and his campaign forged that and these are his false addresses and here 's something very strange that Justice Scalia told her at a book signing and here are the 500,000 signatures collected by WorldNetDaily magazine demanding an investigation ...
Finally Wilding held up a hand .
" Let me just stop you right there .
What applies to Kentucky ? "
One of the citizens starts showing him documents .
" This is clearly his school record that shows that he was a citizen of Indonesia ... "
" I do n't understand what that has to do with the Kentucky attorney general 's office , " Wilding repeated .
" He was on the ballot here in Kentucky , " Taitz said .
" That was a federal election .
There are federal - election laws .
The FBI investigates those .
So I believe that your best venue and jurisdiction lies with the U.S. district court and the FBI . "
That 's when Taitz lost it .
" I can see that you are hell - bent on doing absolutely nothing , " she said , eyes flaring .
" You want to pass the buck . "
" No ma'am .
I 'm trying to follow the law . "
" I 'm going to the FBI and not only reporting Obama , I 'm going to report you for refusing to investigate crimes .
You have a duty to investigate those crimes !
Why are people paying salary for this whole office of attorney general of Kentucky ?
To do nothing ? "
" I think we 're finished , " Foster said .
But Taitz was n't finished .
She marched her troops straight over to the secretary of state 's office and did the exact same presentation all over again .
Then she headed to the FBI to do it a third time .
And the whole time , she never stopped talking :
Goldman Sachs runs the treasury .
Obama is a puppet .
There 's a cemetery somewhere in Arizona where they just dug 30,000 fresh graves , which wait now for the revolution .
Baxter International a major Obama contributor developed a vaccine for bird flu that actually kills people .
Google Congressman Alcee Hastings and House Bill 684 and you 'll see that they 're planning at least six civilian labor camps .
Google an article in the
San Francisco Chronicle
The communist dictator Hugo Chavez way back in 2004 purchased the Sequoia software that runs our voting machines and the mainstream media wo n't report any of it not even Fox because Saudi Arabia bought a percentage of Fox in 2007 .
This is the stuff that the media never gives
Taitz a chance to say because it's so focused on the news hook of the " birther " issue .
( And , believe me , this has been merely a tiny sample of what I saw on my road trip this spring . )
But this is the stuff that reveals who she really is , and what this movement really is .
It 's no coincidence , for example , that when Bernard Goldberg told Bill O'Reilly that the real force pushing the birth certificate controversy was Obama , he used the exact same language as Taitz :
This content is imported from YouTube .
You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site .
But like I said and this is important to emphasize all of Taitz 's followers seemed like very nice people .
Even Taitz had her good side on the rare occasions when she stopped talking for long enough that it could come out .
I saw it when she talked about her three sons , or joked about how glad her husband was to get her out of the house .
But there was fear and sadness in all of the " birthers , " and a sense that things were surely coming to an end .
And they were willing to believe anything bad that anybody said about Obama , no matter how or implausible or unfair .
It was pus exploding from a wound .
( Click here to read Part One in John H. Richardson 's exclusive series on the road with the " birther " movement )
Questions ?
Comments ?
Concerns ?
Click here to e-mail the author about his weekly political column at Esquire.com .
Get Up - to - the - Minute Analysis from Esquire 's New Politics Blog >>
RELATED LINKS :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Need to give your app or website the look and
Tim Sloan / Newscom
health - care reform , the arguments against a " public option " are coming fast and furious .
The best I 've read recently is from Greg Manikow , the distinguished Harvard economist and former Bush advisor who insists that the public option will inevitably crowd out private insurance companies , resulting in less competition and poorer health care .
Manikow reminded me of how quickly the efficiencies of private military contractors like Blackwater crushed the socialists in the United States Army , how the option of great public beaches in New York drove all Connecticut elite from their Buffy - and - Muffy - only private beach clubs to the boardwalks of Coney Island , and how the wealthy rushed from their Park Avenue penthouses to take advantage of the great deals in Section 8 housing .
For an alternate point of view , however , I consulted the former governor of Vermont .
As a doctor married to a doctor , Howard Dean made health care a priority of his administration , putting strict regulations on health insurance profiteering and figuring out a way to extend insurance to every child in the state .
In a new book called Howard Dean 's Prescription for Real Health Care Reform , he makes a persuasive case for reform .
ESQUIRE : Your book really lays everything out in a very simple , clear way .
It 's obvious this is something you 've been thinking about for a long time .
HOWARD DEAN :
It was one of the reasons I ran for president .
ESQ : One thing I 've never seen before is when you say , " Much is made of the 47 million without insurance , but nothing of the 25 million who have insurance but do n't go and see the doctor . "
I 've got one of those high - deductible catastrophic plans myself , so I do n't go to the doctor unless I 'm bleeding .
Why have I never seen this argument before ?
HD : Because 99 percent of the discussions among reporters , policy wonks , and politicians focus on the uninsured — which is , frankly , why nothing is passed .
They do n't focus on the majority of Americans who have health insurance that does n't work .
ESQ : Boil it down , if you would .
Why is n't it working even if you do have insurance ?
HD : Because it 's too expensive .
The private sector can't manage costs .
Health care is one of the few places — defense is another — that the government works more efficiently and more effectively than the private sector .
That 's just a fact .
ESQ : Why is that ?
HD : Because there is no feedback in the private health - care system .
When I was practicing medicine , nobody with substernal chest pain ever got off my examining table and said , " The guy down the street does it for $ 2,000 cheaper , I 'll see you later . "
That 's why we 've had 40 years of costs that increase between two and three times the rate of inflation every single year .
It 's breaking our economic system .
People are yelling and screaming about jobs going to China , but they 're not yelling and screaming about jobs going to Canada .
But they are .
Because the right - wingers can scream and yell about rationing if they want , but economically their system works much better than ours does .
ESQ : I 've seen nothing about that during this debate .
But in the book you talk about GM and — or was it Toyota ? — moving their new factories just across the bridge to Ontario to take advantage of the Canadian health - care system .
HD : Toyota did also , but GM and Ford were the big ones .
ESQ : It seems pretty obvious .
They save money .
So why are businesses so completely resistant to this ?
HD : They 're not .
Some businesses — and the Chamber of Commerce — are resistant because they 're ideological .
They are part of the right wing .
Then there are lots of businesses that are n't particularly ideological but genuinely believe that if they keep doing the same thing , they 'll somehow get a different outcome .
That 's human nature .
They think they can manage health - care costs even though it 's been 40 years since any of them ever have .
That 's why I think Obama 's plan is so great :
If you like what you have , you can keep it .
ESQ : Speaking of the Obama plan , you 're even stronger than he has been lately in support of the public plan .
You say that without it , it 's not reform .
HD : It 's not .
It 's a waste of time .
Do n't pretend you 're going to do health - insurance reform unless you 're really going to change the system .
The discussions in the Senate have not been about changing the system .
ESQ : They seem to be worried about preserving the status quo .
HD : Washington is the most conservative town in America .
Its culture is the most resistant to change except a few religious cults .
ESQ : [ Laughter ]
HD : It 's true !
It 's absolutely true .
ESQ : You say that the public plan should n't be able to dip into general government reserves to subsidize its operations .
But the Republicans say it will .
HD : The Republicans just make things up out of whole cloth .
Nothing they say about health care is true .
It 's all just nonsense and fears and what - ifs .
It does n't happen .
First of all , Medicare does n't dip into government reserves .
It has never happened .
It might happen in 10 years if they do n't cut benefits or raise taxes , but so far , never in the history of America has a program like Medicare used public reserves .
The Republican tactic is to raise objections because they never have anything positive to say themselves .
ESQ : In the book you ask , " Is health insurance really health insurance or an extension of the things that have been happening on Wall Street ? "
HD : Think about it .
What the big insurance companies have done is deny claims just so they can improve their bottom line .
That 's just extraordinary .
ESQ : But still , even you say you expect 65 million people to enroll in the public option , and a study by a health - care company put the number at 117 million .
That 's a lot of people .
HD : It is .
ESQ : But is n't that a threat to the insurance companies ?
Especially at a time when we want to keep businesses healthy and people employed ?
HD : This is one of the many problems the Senate is now having .
They are focused on anything but the American people .
But the insurance companies will be fine .
It wo n't happen overnight , and they 'll make plenty of money .
But this is not a matter of making the insurance companies happy .
This is a matter of making the 72 percent of the people who want a public option happy , including the 50 percent of Republicans who want a public option .
ESQ : Fifty percent of Republicans want a public option ?
HD : Yeah .
That 's in a Kaiser poll and in a New York Times / CBS poll last week .
The Senate is in the process of self - destructing .
They are talking about managing health - care reform to make sure that a relatively small sliver of American industry is satisfied at the expense of 72 percent of their constituents .
That 's unbelievable .
ESQ : You say that average premiums would be 23 percent lower in the public plan .
Could you explain how they can achieve that level of efficiency without subsidizing it ?
HD : I 'm going to use Medicare as an example because it is a public plan .
About 4 percent of every dollar that goes into Medicare is spent on administration .
In the private sector , that number is between 12 percent and 50 percent .
That 's because of return on equity , very high CEO salaries , advertising , and general administration .
But you do n't have return on equity in a public plan , and there does n't have to be advertising , and the people who run it are n't going to be making $ 20 million a year .
They are probably making less than $ 200,000 a year .
And that 's before you get to cost controls .
ESQ : What about rationing ?
HD : I do n't think there will be rationing .
I think what there will be is elimination of unnecessary stuff , and there is a lot of it .
There is no rationing in Medicare .
ESQ : But they do ration in England , do n't they ?
HD : Here 's what they do in England .
Let 's say there is a very , very expensive cancer drug that will extend your life on average by four months .
They may not pay for it .
The reason they wo n't pay for it is that they know they 'll have to cut back pediatric visits if you do .
Is that rationing ?
Sure .
But we ration in America today .
If you are one of the 47 million people who do n't have insurance at all or if you 're someone who has a lousy plan because you can't afford a good one , that 's rationing by price .
I 'll tell you who rations .
It 's the private insurance groups .
This ridiculous nonsense that the right - wingers are talking about , that public insurance will put a bureaucrat between you and the doctor — that goes on every day in the system we have .
But only in the private sector .
It does n't happen in the public sector .
I have never had , in my 10 years of practicing medicine , a Medicare bureaucrat call me up and say , " You ca n't do this and you can't do that . "
But that used to happen every day with the private insurance companies .
You 'd beg to have your patient have this drug or that procedure .
ESQ : What about the idea that if we put cost controls on drug companies , they 're not going to be able to develop the next miracle drug ?
HD : The truth is , I do n't have any interest in screwing the drug companies .
That would be foolish .
Pharmaceuticals cost about 10 to 12 percent of our entire health - care system , and they save as much money as they cost .
They allow cancer patients to be treated as outpatients instead of inpatients .
They get heart - attack patients out of the hospital much earlier .
I do n't want to give pharmaceutical companies a blank check , but the pharmaceutical industry is not the problem .
ESQ : Another surprising argument you make is that the $ 1.5 trillion reform is supposed to cost over 10 years is already in the health - care system .
Can you explain that ?
HD : Sure .
Let 's take somebody who works who does n't have insurance .
They get sick .
They end up going to the hospital , and the hospital has to treat them .
It 's called uncompensated care , and it just gets shifted to taxes or higher premiums .
There are hundreds of billions of dollars right now that you 're already paying .
Next , let 's say that 65 million people leave the private sector and go to the public sector .
That 's new money that the federal government has got to figure out how to put in the system .
But those 65 million people are not paid anymore by business , so you 're freeing the business community from all that responsibility — which was exactly the point I was making in the story of General Motors investing in Canada .
In Canada , the business sector has no responsibility .
Do they pay higher taxes ?
Yes , they do .
But their taxes do not go up two or three times the rate of inflation , as health - care costs have in America .
ESQ : Another idea that 's new , at least to me , is your suggestion that we help solve global warming at the same time by using a carbon tax and gas tax to pay for health care .
HD : I never liked the gas tax much because it 's a regressive tax .
But in this case , the people who are paying it are getting much more back , because the people who pay the highest percentage of their income in gas taxes are also usually statistically the people who are most likely to not have health insurance .
So for an extra 350 bucks in gas taxes , they now have affordable health insurance .
ESQ : So how 's that going over when you talk to people in the administration ?
HD : I think they 're horrified .
But most energy people think a carbon tax is better than cap - and - trade .
ESQ : And what about the public plan ?
A couple of months ago , people were telling me , " It 's a slam dunk .
We 've got this huge mandate . "
Now it seems to be falling apart .
HD : I think that the Senate needs to understand that the American people want a public plan .
That 's not an advocate talking .
That 's the facts of the polls .
People want the choice .
And why should n't the American people get to choose instead of the big Washington government making the choice for them ?
So I think the Senate will come to understand that their first job is to serve the American people and not the health - insurance industry .
Questions ?
Comments ?
Concerns ?
Click here to e-mail John H. Richardson about his weekly political column at Esquire.com .
Get Up - to - the - Minute Analysis from Esquire 's New Politics Blog >>
RELATED LINKS :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Terms and Conditions
Save up to 90 % using the discount code " PJUTVP " .
Sale ends Wednesday , September 30th , 2020 at 11:59 PM Pacific Time .
Discount applies up to 90 % off Premium Canvas Wraps and 50 % off create your own wall art and photo products .
Shipping address must be within the United States or Canada .
One shipping address per order .
Valid only for option purchased .
Final Sale ; no returns .
100 % guarantee extends to the workmanship and materials used to produce the product .
Sales tax applies in AK , AL , AR , AZ , CA , CO , CT , FL , DC , DE , GA , HI , IA , ID , IL , IN , KS , KY , LA , MA , MD , ME , MI , MN , MO , MS , MT , NC , ND , NE , NH , NJ , NM , NV , NY , OH , OK , OR , PA , RI , SC , SD , TN , TX , UT , VA , VT , WA , WI , WV , & WY .
All prices listed in USD .
Discounts do not apply Home Decor Collections ( e.g. Coloring Canvas , Winter Art Prints , etc ) or Throw Pillows .
The discount amount is only applicable to the canvas products and does not apply toward additional services ( ex. pro review , retouching ) .
This offer only pertains to the Canvas on Demand Consumer website and cannot be used on Canvas on Demand Professional .
This offer cannot be applied to previous or future orders .
This offer cannot be combined with any other offers .
We reserve the right to change this offer at any time .
Viking silver treasure hoard worth £ 1 m unearthed after 1,000 years
An impressive Viking hoard of jewellery has made a father and son metal - detector team £ 1 m , after being bought by two British museums .
The find , which is the ' largest and most important ' since 1840 , was found in a field in Harrogate , North Yorkshire in January 2007 .
It had been buried there for more than 1,000 years .
A king 's ransom : Silver jewellery buried more than a millennium ago will now go on display in London and Yorkshire
Valued at £ 1,082,000 , the hoard was purchased by the British Museum and the York Museum Trust after two years of fundraising .
The highlight of the collection is an intricately carved silver cup , estimated to be worth more than £ 200,000 .
It contains 617 coins and various silver fragments , ingots and rings .
Some of the pieces were from as far away as Afghanistan .
The treasure is believed to have belonged to a rich Viking who buried it during the unrest following the conquest of the Viking kingdom of Northumbria in 927 by the Anglo - Saxon king Athelstan .
It is believed he was unable to go back to the hoard , possibly as a result of turbulence during the period .
The silver cup is worth around £ 200,000 .
Many of the coins were preserved as they were kept inside the vessel
Conservation work on the find began about a month ago and experts hope the process will reveal crucial details about the Viking era .
Initial examinations suggest the treasure dates back to AD927 or 928 .
Experts have spent over a month cleaning the hoard , often with a porcupine spine , to protect the delicate collection .
Silver coins from the Vale of York Viking hoard .
They will go on display in Yorkshire and London
The process , performed under microscope , has already revealed intricate designs which were invisible when the hoard was first discovered .
Detail on the silver jewellery fragments and in the designs and inscriptions on some of the coins is now apparent .
Close examination revealed small incisions made in the metal - evidence that the makers tested the silver before they began work .
Gareth Williams , curator of early medieval coins and Viking expert at the British Museum , said : ' There 's been nothing like it for over 150 years .
' The size and range of material gives us an insight into the political history , the cultural diversity of the Viking world and the range of cultural and economic contact at that time . '
He said some parts of the hoard came from as far as Afghanistan as well as from Russia , Scandinavia and continental Europe .
Most items were preserved because they were hidden in the cup .
Finders David Whelan , 53 , and Andrew , 37 , from Leeds , said : ' Being keen metal detectorists , we always dreamed of finding a hoard but to find one from such a fantastic period of history is just unbelievable .
' The contents of the hoard we found went far beyond our wildest dreams and hopefully people will love seeing the objects on display in York and London for many years to come . '
The pair will share the £ 1,082,000 with the owners of the field , who wished to remain anonymous .
Mary Kershaw , director of collections at York Museum , said : ' The Vale of York Viking hoard is a once in a lifetime find .
It will greatly add to the understanding of the early 900s in Yorkshire and its connections with the wider world . '
The treasure will go on display at the Yorkshire Museum in York from September 17 until November 1 .
It will then travel to the British Museum .
SciYro Senior Member
Registered : Oct 2003 Location : hopefully not here Distribution : Gentoo Posts : 2,038
Rep :
ok i tryed cat / dev/random > / dev/mem all its doing is making the little lite that says when the CPU is being used blink every once in a while , but its not crashing , altho ic ant use my system as cat wont let go of my system ! , ok i need to reboot as i have no way to kill cat or close cat , , thats seee what happens after reboot
note : im runing as super user ( user 0 , root , what name you want to use )
ok rebooted and everyhting normal , / dev/mem is still ther , every acts and looks like it should
besides making my system unusedable it did nothing to hurt it ( note : , if i was able to switch terminals then i coulda probly killed cat and got outa that ) so i think it was just a waste of time
Near the end of the new contractor ’s first week , Taka Sora was starting to wonder if he made the right hiring decision .
Richard – the contractor in question – seemed to know his Action Script 3 , but there was just something about him that was n’t right .
And it was n’t the strange noises that he was making all day .
Richard was brought on to build a Tournament Brackets module as part of a larger project for a major client .
He seemed to have gotten a great start , which was one of the reasons Taka just learned to deal with the neighing and nickering sounds coming from his work area .
But by the end of the week , Richard ’s progress just stopped .
His second week was n’t any better , though each promised he was " just about done . "
And his third – and final – week proved to be just as unproductive as the last .
The day after Richard was let go , Taka decided to pick up where Richard left off and opened up the classes he had been working on .
And to his surprise , he got a history lesson and a glossary that he could use to translate code back over to English .
/********************************
Glossary ********************************/ /*
A Spanish explorer who was also a mathematician spent time learning a /* a mystery system from African Sufi mystics .
They used a peculiar system /* for divining future events and explaining patterns in the natural world .
/*
They would draw lines in the sand such as ---- , ==== , -=-= , =-=- , etc. /*
Each of these quadrigrams were called " sacred words " and represented /* aspects of nature .
It turns out that these " mystics " were practicing the /* worlds first binary mathematical logic and artificial chaos system or /* random number generator .
/*
The numbers sacred to this system were 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , 32 , and 256 and they /* used 16 as the base of their mathematics rather than 10 .
This system /* would be transmitted to Europe as " Geomancy " and eventually be the sole /* model for memory storage and computation in the modern age .
/* /*
If a is the sacred system whence this all derives and since they have /* concise and succinct words for handling concepts inherent to programming /* I tend to make use of this system in my own nomenclature .
This is done for /* much the same reason contempory scientists use the Greco - Roman sufix / prefix system /* /*
The follow is a list of words used in this ap and their definitions : /* Ile : Home or Abode /* Ire : Yang , Possitive , Expansion /* Ibi : Yin , Negative , Contraction /* Ori : Head , Self , Soul /* Obi : Parent /* Omo : Child /* Oba : Chief , King / Queen /* Oku : Ghost , Spirit /* Oju : Face /* Egun : Ancestor /* Oruko : Full Name /* Ologun : Warrior , Contender /* /**************************************************************************/
Scrolling down through the rest of the code , Richard was glad he had the glossary .
override public function catchEvent ( myEvent : String , myParticular : Object ) : void { switch ( myEvent ) { ... snip ... case " NiOri " : //Establish Ori ;
Ni means possess and Ori means Head , Self , Soul if ( ! Boolean ( myParticular.oju ) ) {// Get next available Ologun var myOlogun : Object = ourOlogun[binToDec(myParticular.target.ile.oruko ) ] ; ImageLoader.load(imgRef(myOlogun.image ) , myParticular.target.render ) ; myParticular.target.name = myOlogun.image ; myParticular.target.oruko = myOlogun.name ; if ( String( myOlogun.placement ) != " " ) {// Preselection Contender placement ... if ( myParticular.target.ile.oruko.indexOf(myOlogun.placement ) == 0 ) { ourSlot[myOlogun.placement ].contender = myParticular.target as Contender ; ourTree.bearFruits( myParticular.target , ourSlot[myOlogun.placement].contender ) ; } } } else {// Load image of specified oju ImageLoader.load(imgRef(myParticular.oju ) , myParticular.target.render ) ; } break ; case " TrapOku " : if ( ourMode == " view " ) { trace ( ourSeed.data.media.src+ourOku.name+ourSeed.data.media.ext ) ; if ( Boolean ( our Oku ) ) ExternalInterface.call ( " openVideo " , ourSeed.data.media.src+ourOku.name+ourSeed.data.media.ext ) ; return ; } var mySize : Number = ourOku.size/ourSeed.data.structure.viewSize ; ourOku.isInHand = true ; TweenLite.to(ourOku , .5 , { size:ourFocus.size} ) ; break ; case " FreeOku " : if ( ourMode == " view " ) return ; ourOku.isInHand = false ; if ( Boolean ( ourFocus ) ) { var myFoci: String = ( Boolean( ourFocus.ile ) ?
ourFocus.ile.name : " " ) +ourFocus.name ; var isEligable : Boolean = ourFocus.name == " champion " ?
true : ourOku.oba.name.indexOf(myFoci ) == 0 ; if ( ourFocus.contender != ourOku.haunt && !isEligable ) { fadeOku( ) ; EventManager.fireEvent( " SlotFocus " , { target:ourFocus} ) ; } else if ( isEligable ) {//ourOku is eligable to occupy ourFocus ourOku.size = ourFocus.size ; ourFocus.contender = ourOku ; ourFocus.contender.name = ourOku.haunt.name ; EventManager.fireEvent(" NiOri " , {target:ourFocus.contender , oju:ourOku.haunt.name} ) ; ourTree.bearFruits(ourOku.haunt , ourFocus.contender ) ; fadeOku( true ) ; EventManager.fireEvent( " SlotFocus " , { target:ourFocus} ) ; } else {//ourOku centers on ourFocus var myLocus : Point = ourFocus.localToGlobal ( new Point( x , y ) ) ; TweenLite.to( ourOku , .25 , {x:myLocus.x , y:myLocus.y} ) ; } } else { fadeOku( ) ; }//Nothing is in focus break ; } }
Fortunately , Taka was able to put in a few long weekends to get the project delivered in time , though the extended hours was exactly what trying to avoid .
But at least he learned a valuable lesson along the way : horse noises — or really , any other random animal sounds — are a lot more telling than one might think .
In the 80’s , the biggest , baddest gamers played Robotron 2084 in the arcades .
Twenty years later , the biggest , baddest gamers played Geometry Wars on their Xbox 360 at home .
Now , in the logical end to this story … you can be the biggest , baddest gamer … snapping up the world ’s only Geometry Wars arcade cab .
No , it ’s not an “ official release ” .
Aussie arcade enthusiast Liam put the machine together late in 2008 .
His motivation ?
“ I was totally hooked on Geometry Wars and thought this would be a fitting way to play it .
A retro styled game – in a retro styled cabinet and control scheme . ”
Hmm , why ’s he getting rid of it so soon ?
Liam writes that “ he and his Mrs have just bought a home ” , and regretfully , it ’s “ time to go ” for this rather unique cab .
So , who wants it ?
Must be a few gamers who ’d like to play this arcade - like game the way it was MEANT to be played .
BTW : If you ’re a non-Australian J- OMG reader , I ’m thinking your shipping on this one might be pretty big …
The Geometry Wars Arcade Cab features :
2x Top Fire Joysticks .
A 20 ″ CRT Monitor .
Stereo Sound .
A GW “ claw ship ” perspex cutout with Green Neon lights inside ( Lights can be set to “ Static ” or “ Flash ” modes ) .
A GW:RE marquee lit by a separate neon light .
NB : Feel free to give this blog post some love on Digg or Reddit .
Liam ’s ePay auction is set to end in 5 days time .
It ’ll be interesting to see how high the bidding goes .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
But he may be cited under ordinance that is routinely ignored for “ lost pet ” flyers , proving the issue is political
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , August 27 , 2009
The teenager at the center of the Obama Joker poster controversy in Clermont Florida will not face felony charges , according to the Lake County State Attorney ’s Office , despite an attempt on behalf of the local media to whip up contrived outrage over what they characterized as an egregious crime against residents of the area .
“ We did n’t put politics into it , ” Chief Assistant State Attorney Ridgway told the Orlando Sentinel .
“ We looked at it as a public safety issue . ”
Ridgway pointed out that there were far more serious “ crimes ” taking place that demanded resources over and above a kid putting up flyers on telephone poles .
This will no doubt disappoint media outlets like WFTV ( Channel 9 Orlando News ) , who concocted a contrived hoax based around the supposition that residents were outraged and disgusted by the posters , even going so far as to claim that “ victims ” of some dastardly crime had been created and implying that the teenager should be jailed for five years .
In reality , a poll showed that a majority of residents agreed that the people posting the flyers had a first amendment right to do so .
In addition , the teenager at the center of the storm contacted us to point out that police were largely disinterested in the heinous “ crime ” of posting flyers until Florida media outlets started whipping up fake hysteria around the issue .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Indeed , on numerous occasions police physically watched him post the flyers and took no action .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ Surprisingly , the police were never really an obstacle when I was putting up flyers , ” wrote the teenager .
“ During the posting at least 10 police officers watched me do it and did nothing .
A few police officers even approached me and asked me what I was doing , then left me alone without any hassle . ”
“ I believe the police only got involved because WFTV ( Channel 9 Orlando News ) stirred up the story so much and put pressure on them , ” he added .
Despite escaping felony charges , the teenager “ could be cited by the city with violating a municipal code that says it is “ unlawful for any person to nail , tack , paste , paint or otherwise attach any poster , bill or other advertising material ” to trees , poles and public fixtures . ”
Police did n’t seem to be too bothered about enforcing this ordinance while they were watching the teenager post the flyers , and when they later interviewed him they admitted to a policy of ‘ looking the other way ’ when people post “ lost pet ” flyers and similar signs on telephone polls – so if the kid is cited under this ordinance then it proves the issue is entirely political , at which point the teenager would have a strong case of official oppression and violation of his first amendment rights .
This article was posted : Thursday , August 27 , 2009 at 5:27 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Not a campaign sign
I think we 've been pretty clear here that we do n't like the temptation legislators who take immense sums of money from special interests in annual " donations " -- and then vote on the very bills those special interests consider downright existential -- face .
The Financial / Insurance / Real Estate sector has invested more in Congressional campaigns than any other sector in the economy -- and they 've profited grandly .
Between their lobbying efforts ( $ 3,560,882,343 since 1998 ) and their direct donations to members of Congress ( $ 2,237,819,188 since 1990 ) , they 've spent a bundle -- but they 've gotten in back in spades and ... well , everyone wins , right ?
Sure -- except the general public , which foots the bill when everything goes bust , as it did after the spate of bankster - inspired deregulations over the last few decades .
The entire economy tanked , the banksters ' unborn great grandchildren will be living like lords and ladies for generations to come and the actual Lords and Ladies in our own House of Lords are not doing badly themselves , regardless of how utterly mediocre many of them are .
Of the 23 members on the Senate Banking Committee , of whom [ except Herb Kohl ] justify taking gigantic donations from the banksters , 7 have gotten over $ 3 million , far more than your average Lord .
Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) - $ 13,563,456 Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) - $ 12,909,246 Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - TX ) - $ 4,695,388 Richard Shelby ( R - AL ) - $ 4,428,842 Evan Bayh ( D - IN ) - $ 4,053,616Bob Menendez ( D - NJ ) - $ 3,939,922 Tim Johnson ( D - SD ) - $ 3,050,066 But what about when the temptation is even more direct -- like when the member of a committee charged with writing legislation owns stock in the exact same companies the legislation impacts ?
Yesterday ' sreported that something like half the members of the Banking Committee " had holdings in financial institutions that have taken funds from the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) . "
They wrote that legislation and the value of their personal portfolios depended on the health of the institutions they used our money to bail out .
Among the Lords who own stocks in companies that were bailed out with taxpayer dollars are Chuck Schumer , Tim Johnson .
Herb Kohl , David Diapers Vitter , Kay Bailey Hutchison , Mike Johanns , Mel Martinez , Bob Corker , Bob Bennett , Mark Warner , and Chris Dodd .
Looks like Paul Kane did apiece this morning along the same lines -- and AP ran a similar item .
Kane points out that " 30 key lawmakers " are helping draft the nation 's health care legislation while they have millions of dollars ( collectively ) in companies directly effected .
Anyone think that might be like a super - duper conflict of interest ?
Anyone a fan of New Order ?
" Temptation " originally came out in 1982 as a stand alone single and five years later was released on Substance , a singles compilation .
The song was also used in Trainspotting
Of course it is n't only the Medical - Industrial Complex that has been buying Congress .
The banksters are even worse .
And Open Secrets shared a truly repulsive open secret this morning when they revealed the immense sums of special interest money going to candidates who will be voting on their legislative priorities .
On a day when many of us have been feeling badly for Iranians who saw their dreams and hopes for democracy dashed , it 's very sad to read how systemically corrupt our own government is .
Labels : banksters , Culture of Corruption , New Order
Technology.am ( July 24 , 2009 ) — Google Wave , Google ’s new real - time communication platform that will launch to the public on September 30 .
With Google
Wave you can bring friends or business clients together to discuss topics of concern and share files at the same time .
Google
Wave combines aspects of email , web chat , IM , wikis , social networking , and project management into a single browser communication client some expect it to eventually replace some of Google ’s other applications .
You can easily share files by dragging - and - dropping them inside a Google Wave .
The Google Wave developer team is the same who had developed the Google Maps .
Google Wave has a lot of innovative features .
Some are as follows .
Real - time :
In most instances , you can see what someone else is typing , character - by - character .
Embeddability : Waves can be embedded on any blog or website .
Applications and Extensions : Just like a Facebook ( ) application or an iGoogle gadget , developers can build their own apps within waves .
They can be anything from bots to complex real - time games .
Wiki functionality : Anything written within a Google Wave can be edited by anyone else , because all conversations within the platform are shared .
Thus , you can correct information , append information , or add your own commentary within a developing conversation .
Open source : The Google Wave code will be open source , to foster innovation and adoption amongst developers .
Playback :
You can playback any part of the wave to see what was said .
Natural language : Google
Wave can autocorrect your spelling , even going as far as knowing the difference between similar words , like “ been ” and “ bean . ”
It can also auto - translate on - the - fly .
Drag - and - drop file sharing :
No attachments ; just drag your file and drop it inside Google Wave and everyone will have access .
You have to know the lingo used in Google Wave to fully understand the new communication platform .
There are some basic terms used in Google Wave that are as follows .
Wave :
This refers to a specific threaded conservation .
It can include a single person or a group of users or even robots .
Wavelet : A wavelet is also a threaded conversation , but only a subset of a larger conversation .
Wavelets can be created and managed separately from a wave .
Blip :
This is smaller than a wavelet and is a single , individual message .
Blips can have other blips attached to them , called children and can be published or unpublished .
Document : A document is content within a blip .
It can contain characters , words , and files .
Extension :
An extension is a mini-application that works inside a wave .
These apps can be played while using the wave .
The two main types of extensions are Gadgets and Robots .
Gadgets :
A gadget is an application that users can use and many of which are built on Google ’s OpenSocial platform .
A good comparison would be iGoogle gadgets or Facebook applications .
Robots :
They are automated participants within a wave .
These participants can interact with users and waves .
They can also provide information from outside sources or check content from within a wave and perform actions based on them .
Embeded Wave :
An embeded wave is a way to take a Google Wave and the conversation within it and place it on your website .
Users could use this as a chatroom , as a way to contact you , or for something more .
Financial commentators are obsessively debating whether the recent rise in the Chinese stock market means there 's a bubble -- and if so , when it 's going to burst .
My take ?
Who cares !
What happens to the broader Chinese economy is what we should really be watching .
It will have a far - reaching impact on the rest of the world -- much more far - reaching than a decline in stocks .
Despite everything , the Chinese economy has shown incredible resilience recently .
Although its biggest customers -- the United States and Europe -- are struggling ( to say the least ) and its exports are down more than 20 percent , China is still spitting out economic growth numbers as if there were n't a worry in the world .
The most recent estimate put annual growth at nearly 8 percent .
Is the Chinese economy operating in a different economic reality ?
Will it continue to grow , no matter what the global economy is doing ?
The answer to both questions is no .
China 's fortunes over the past decade are reminiscent of Lucent Technologies in the 1990s .
Lucent sold computer equipment to dot -coms .
At first , its growth was natural , the result of selling goods to traditional , cash - generating companies .
After opportunities with cash - generating customers dried out , it moved to start - ups -- and its growth became slightly artificial .
These dot -coms were able to buy Lucent 's equipment only by raising money through private equity and equity markets , since their business models did n't factor in the necessity of cash - flow generation .
Funds to buy Lucent 's equipment quickly dried up , and its growth should have decelerated or declined .
Instead , Lucent offered its own financing to dot -coms by borrowing and lending money on the cheap to finance the purchase of its own equipment .
This worked well enough , until it came time to pay back the loans .
The United States , of course , is n't a dot - com .
But a great portion of its growth came from borrowing Chinese money to buy Chinese goods , which means that Chinese growth was dependent on that very same borrowing .
Now the United States and the rest of the world is retrenching , corporations are slashing their spending , and consumers are closing their pocket books .
This means that the consumption of Chinese goods is on the decline .
And this is where the dot - com analogy breaks down .
Unlike Lucent , China has nuclear weapons .
It can print money at will and can simply order its banks to lend .
It is a communist command economy , after all .
Lucent is now a $ 2 stock .
China wo n't go down that easily .
The Chinese central bank has a significant advantage over the U.S. Federal Reserve .
Chairman Ben Bernanke and his cohort may print a lot of money ( and they did ) , but there 's almost nothing they can do to speed the velocity of money .
They simply cannot force banks to lend without nationalizing them ( and only the government - sponsored enterprises have been nationalized ) .
They also cannot force corporations and consumers to spend .
Since China is n't a democracy , it does n't suffer these problems .
China 's communist government owns a large part of the money - creation and money - spending apparatus .
Money supply therefore shot up 28.5 percent in June .
Since it controls the banks , it can force them to lend , which it has also done .
Finally , China can force government - owned corporate entities to borrow and spend , and spend quickly itself .
This is n't some slow - moving , touchy - feely democracy .
If the Chinese government decides to build a highway , it simply draws a straight line on the map .
Any obstacle -- like a hospital , a school , or a Politburo member 's house -- can become a casualty of the greater good .
( Okay -- maybe not the Politburo member 's house ) .
Although China can't control consumer spending , the consumer is a comparatively small part of its economy .
Plus , currency control diminishes the consumer 's buying power .
All of this makes the United States ' TARP plans look like child 's play .
If China wants to stimulate the economy , it does so -- and fast .
That 's why the country is producing such robust economic numbers .
Why is China doing this ?
It does n't have the kind of social safety net one sees in the developed world , so it needs to keep its economy going at any cost .
Millions of people have migrated to its cities , and now they 're hungry and unemployed .
People without food or work tend to riot .
To keep that from happening , the government is more than willing to artificially stimulate the economy , in the hopes of buying time until the global system stabilizes .
It 's literally forcing banks to lend -- which will create a huge pile of horrible loans on top of the ones they 've originated over the last decade .
But do n't confuse fast growth with sustainable growth .
Much of China 's growth over the past decade has come from lending to the United States .
The country suffers from real overcapacity .
And now growth comes from borrowing -- and hundreds of billion - dollar decisions made on the fly do n't inspire a lot of confidence .
For example , a nearly completed , 13 - story building in Shanghai collapsed in June due to the poor quality of its construction .
This growth will result in a huge pile of bad debt -- as forced lending is bad lending .
The list of negative consequences is very long , but the bottom line is simple :
There is no miracle in the Chinese miracle growth , and China will pay a price .
The only question is when and how much .
Another casualty of what 's taking place in China is the U.S. interest rate .
China sold goods to the United States and received dollars in exchange .
If China were to follow the natural order of things , it would have converted those dollars to renminbi ( that is , sell dollars and buy renminbi ) .
The dollar would have declined and renminbi would have risen .
But this would have made Chinese goods more expensive in dollars -- making Chinese products less price - competitive .
China would have exported less , and its economy would have grown at a much slower rate .
But China chose a different route .
Instead of exchanging dollars back into renminbi and thus driving the dollar down and the renminbi up -- the natural order of things -- China parked its money in the dollar by buying Treasuries .
It artificially propped up the dollar .
And now , China is sitting on 2.2 trillion of them .
Now , China needs to stimulate its economy .
It 's facing a very delicate situation indeed :
It needs the money internally to finance its continued growth .
However , if it were to sell dollar - denominated treasuries , several bad things would happen .
Its currency would skyrocket -- meaning the loss of its competitive low - cost - producer edge .
Or , U.S. interest rates would go up dramatically -- not good for its biggest customer , and therefore not good for China .
This is why China is desperately trying to figure out how to withdraw its funds from the dollar without driving it down -- not an easy feat .
And the U.S. government is n't helping :
It 's printing money and issuing Treasuries at a fast clip , and needs somebody to keep buying them .
If China reduces or halts its buying , the United States may be looking at high interest rates , with or without inflation .
( The latter scenario is most worrying . )
All in all , this spells trouble -- a big , big Chinese bubble .
Identifying such bubbles is a lot easier than timing their collapse .
But as we 've recently learned , you can defy the laws of financial gravity for only so long .
Put simply , mean reversion is a bitch .
And the longer excesses persist , the harder the financial gravity will bring China 's economy back to Earth .
Vitaliy N. Katsenelson , CFA , is a portfolio manager / director of research at Investment Management Associates in Denver , Colo .
He is the author of " Active Value Investing : Making Money in Range - Bound Markets " ( Wiley 2007 ) .
To receive Vitaliy 's future articles my email , click here .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Red Bull Racing has revealed it will decide within a matter of days which engine it will run with in Formula 1 next year , with it hinting that Renault reliability issues could well sway it to switch to Mercedes - Benz .
As AUTOSPORT exclusively revealed in April , Red Bull Racing has been chasing a Mercedes - Benz deal for 2010 , and its hopes of a deal were boosted earlier this year when F1's rules were changed to allow manufacturers to supply up to four teams .
And although it appeared over the summer break that Renault was back in the frame at Red Bull following a major push about the French company 's commitment to customers for next year , two engine failures for Sebastian Vettel in Valencia may well prove influential on the final decision .
Red Bull 's motorsport advisor Helmut Marko confirmed on Tuesday that the team was now at the point where it would have to make a decision - with designs for the teams ' RB6 already underway .
" Regarding the preparation for next year 's car we have to sort this out by the end of August , thus within the next few days , " he explained .
" This is the last issue to decide in a big strategy .
" We have had our drivers ' contracts extended .
Moreover , all team personnel at the highest and next higher level are basically committed to us until 2012 .
That means we have continuity and stability within the team for the next few years " .
He added : " There are good arguments for extending the Renault contract and there are good ones for a switch to Mercedes .
" Of course there are facts that cannot be ignored , be it the four engine failures Sebastian had this year , with two occurring the last weekend .
The six Mercedes drivers had none this year . "
Marko also said that he had no qualms about the quality of Mercedes - Benz engines being compromised by it supplying four teams - McLaren , Brawn GP , Force India and Red Bull - in the event of it concluding a deal .
" I am convinced they have the capacity to provide engines for four teams , " he explained .
Red Bull Racing is locked in a title battle with Brawn , and Marko was optimistic that its struggles in Valencia were not unexpected - with him hopeful that tracks coming up on the calendar would favour the team 's RB5 .
" Trackwise , we expect to be strong once more in Spa , Monza , Suzuka and perhaps Sao Paulo .
Abu Dhabi is new to everyone , so let 's wait and see .
We definitely knew before coming to Valencia that this will be our toughest race in the second half of the season . "
And Marko has ruled out the use of KERS - even though the team said at the weekend it would evaluate its introduction on a race - by - race basis until the end of the season .
" We will not use KERS this season or next , " he said .
" To introduce it right now ( in the title fight ) would bear too much risk .
Teams are free to use KERS in 2010 again as the FIA laid down , however there is an agreement within FOTA not to use it and we will follow this agreement " .
Grown Man Punches 13 - year - old During Fight At Youth Soccer Match
There ’s nothing like a good weekend of sitting outside , watching some soccer , and punching some children .
Wait , no , scratch that part , no matter what Efrain Flores says .
The 20 - year - old Flores is sitting in Ventura County Jail on suspicion of child endangerment and abuse , as well as disturbing the peace with bail set at $ 25,000 after he fought a child during a brawl at a youth soccer match this weekend .
Not content to just fight a kid , according to witnesses , Efrain Flores blindsided the 13 - year - old , punching him in the face and breaking his nose .
Other ( non-insane ) adults were able to stop the fighting before anyone was more seriously hurt .
Sadly , this was n’t the only violent soccer incident in Ventura over the weekend , but it was the only one that involved a grown man punching a child , so it gets the headline .
The local response ?
Police want soccer banned .
Since the sport is clearly the problem and not some dumbasses in attendance .
Fight At Soccer Game Sends Teen To Hospital And A Man To Jail [ KEYT ]
Man arrested for punching player after soccer game [ Ventura County Star ]
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
Did MI5 kill Dr David Kelly ?
Just another crazy conspiracy theory ?
But , amid claims he wrote tell - all book that vanished after his death , it 's one that refuses to go away
The day Dr David Kelly took a short walk to his death in the Oxfordshire countryside , an unopened letter lay on the desk of his book - lined study .
Sent from the heart of the British Government , the pages were marked ' personal ' and threatened the world - renowned microbiologist with the sack if he ever publicly opened his mouth again .
The letter remained unopened for the seven days during the drama that would pitch Dr Kelly into the spotlight and end in his death at just 59 .
Doubt :
To this day there are many unanswered questions about how Dr Kelly died
No one has ever explained why the eminent scientist and UN weapons inspector did not open the letter , but everyone close to him is convinced he knew its contents .
It was designed to silence him because his Ministry of Defence bosses had discovered that not only was he secretly talking to journalists , but was also preparing to write an explosive book about his work .
It was six years ago tomorrow , on July 17 , 2003 , that Dr Kelly was found dead under a tree on Harrowdown Hill half a mile from his family home in Southmoor .
His fate has become one of the most contentious issues of recent political history and has raised profound questions about the moral integrity of the New Labour government .
The former grammar school boy had celebrated his 36th wedding anniversary just a few days before .
The questions of why and how he died - and if he was murdered - have never gone away .
Dr Kelly had examined the Government 's ' sexed up dossier ' which declared that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction which could be activated in just 45 minutes .
The claim was used by Tony Blair in 2002 as the central justification for the Iraq war .
Claim : Tony Blair used the ' sexed up dossier ' to justify the Iraq war
When Dr Kelly secretly revealed his doubts about the dossier to BBC reporters , all hell broke loose .
After he was unmasked as the BBC mole , he was marched before the television cameras of a House of Commons committee and , later , taken away to a safe house to be interviewed by the British intelligence services .
In one final phone conversation he told a caller he would n't be surprised ' if my body was found in the woods ' .
And so it was to be .
The official inquiry into his death later decided that he committed suicide - by slashing his wrist and consuming a cocktail of painkillers .
But this week , 13 respected doctors declared that it was medically impossible for Dr Kelly to have died in this manner .
They are mounting a legal battle to overturn the suicide verdict .
A new film , Anthrax War , to be released in London this weekend , also asserts that Dr Kelly had spent hours writing a tell - all book which would violate the Official Secrets Act by exposing Britain 's dubious authority for toppling Saddam Hussein .
The film , directed by New York - based documentary maker Bob Coen , states that Dr Kelly , head of biological defence at the Government 's secretive military research establishment of Porton Down , Wiltshire , was the brain behind much of the West 's germ warfare programmes .
Quite simply , the film says , Dr Kelly ' knew too much ' .
In further unsubstantiated and hard - to - believe claims , the film alleges he may have been embroiled in apartheid South Africa 's Project Coast programme to develop an ethnic germ weapon programme to target the black population .
Coen also says Dr Kelly had links to illegal human experiments on British servicemen at Porton Down , which sparked the largest ever investigation by Wiltshire Police .
Saddam Hussein :
It was claimed that the Iraqi dictator had weapons of mass destruction which could strike Britain in 45 minutes
Officers recommended charges against some scientists at the germ warfare establishment - but dropped the idea just days after Dr Kelly was found dead .
Whatever the veracity of all this , the film 's central thrust - that he was writing a sensational book - has been confirmed by Gordon Thomas , a British intelligence expert , who had met Dr Kelly .
Thomas told me : ' I visited Dr Kelly as part of research into a book I was writing .
But he told me that he was writing his own book , which intended to show that Tony Blair had lied about his reasons for going to war with Iraq .
He had told the Prime Minister categorically that there were no weapons of mass destruction . '
Thomas , in his own book , states : ' Dr Kelly was not a man given to exaggeration or showing off ; he was the absolute expert in his field and if he said there no weapons of mass destruction , then there were none .
' I told Dr Kelly he would never be allowed to publish his book in Britain .
I told him he would put himself into immense danger .
His plan was to resign from Porton Down and move with his wife to the United States where he could make more money from his revelations . '
Can this possibly be true ?
Certainly , Dr Kelly lived a double life .
At home in Oxfordshire with wife Janice , he was the perfect husband .
The couple would have supper together in the garden after he had spent hours in what she called ' his secret world ' - the book - lined study off the hallway .
Here , computers linked him to the Britain 's intelligence services MI5 and MI6 , GCHQ , the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) , the Foreign Office and foreign spy agencies - including Israel 's notorious Mossad ( for whom he had worked since 1995 as an advisor with the blessing of Whitehall ) .
Although he had an office in London - Room 2/35 in the MoD 's Proliferation and Arms Control Secretariat - and another at Porton Down , Dr Kelly kept his secret data at home , including tens of thousands of documents and photographs ; some show human victims of anthrax poisoning , as well as animal ' guinea pigs ' poisoned with anthrax and other germs in labs across the world .
For a man who was not a spy , it was an impressive collection .
From all round the globe he was consulted on biological weaponry , in particular the use of anthrax .
' You could n't commit suicide like that '
Thomas takes up the story .
' Each intelligence organisation had installed its own computer for Dr Kelly to use on its behalf and to exchange encrypted messages .
But Dr Kelly always said that most important information was filed in his head . '
However , perhaps fatally for Dr Kelly , his book was not only in his head .
It was on hard - disk in one of his computers , which have all been seized by MI5 and are unlikely ever to see the light of day .
By any standards , the book would have been hugely contentious .
In addition to Tony Blair and the British Government , there are any number of foreign intelligence agencies who would not want a public airing of the explosive information which they shared with Dr Kelly over the years .
His book was also expected to expose a black market trade in anthrax which was being exploited , and thus condoned , by many governments .
But it has now come to light that there may be another compelling reason why Dr Kelly might have been murdered .
Amazingly , 12 other well - known micro-biologists linked with germ warfare research have died in the past decade , five of them Russians investigating claims that the Israelis were working on viruses to target Arabs .
The Russian plane in which they were travelling from Tel Aviv to Siberia was shot down on October 2001 over the Black Sea by an ' off - course ' Ukrainian surface - to - air missile .
Dr Kelly knew the victims and asked MI6 to find out more details .
However , they drew a blank .
Five weeks later , Dr Benito Que , a cell biologist known to Dr Kelly , was found in a coma near his Miami laboratory .
The infectious diseases expert had been investigating how a virus like HIV could be genetically engineered into a biological weapon .
Dr Que , 52 , was found unconscious outside in the car park of his lab and died in hospital .
Officially , he suffered a heart attack - although his family say he was struck on the head .
Police refused to re-open the case .
Ten days after Dr Que 's death , another friend of Dr Kelly died .
Dr Don Wiley , 57 , one of America 's foremost microbiologists , had a U.S. Government contract to create a vaccine against the killer Ebola fever and other so - called doomsday germs .
His rental car was found abandoned on a bridge across the Mississippi .
The keys were in the ignition and the petrol tank full .
There had been no crash , but Dr Wiley had disappeared .
The FBI visited Wiley 's laboratory and removed most of his work .
A month later his body was found 300 miles downstream , with evidence of severe head injuries .
No forensic examination was performed and his death was ruled ' accidental ' .
Little wonder , then , that Dr Kelly had begun talking about his body being ' found in the woods ' .
And there is more .
The most mysterious death of them all happened to Dr Vladimir Pasechnik - a Soviet defector Dr Kelly knew well .
The biochemist had left a drugs industry fair in Paris in 1989 , just before the collapse of Communism , saying he wanted to buy souvenirs for family .
Instead , he went to the British Embassy where he announced to a startled receptionist that he was a Russian scientist who wanted to defect .
Pasechnik was whisked secretly back to Britain , and Dr Kelly was brought in to verify his claims that the Soviets were adapting cruise missiles armed with germs to help spread killer diseases such as plague and smallpox .
As chief director of the Institute for Ultra - Pure Biological preparations in St Petersburg , Pasechnik had developed killer germs .
' I want the West to know of this .
There must be a way to stop this madness , ' he told Dr Kelly in a safe house .
Dr Kelly later told the author Gordon Thomas that he believed Pasechnik .
' I knew that he was telling the truth .
There was no waffle .
It was truly horrifying .'
The two scientists became friends .
And soon Vladimir had set up the Regma Biotechnologies laboratory , near Porton Down .
He seemed healthy when he left work on the night of November 21 , 2001 .
Returning home , the 64 - year - old cooked supper and went to sleep .
He was found dead in bed the next day .
Officially , the reason given was a stroke .
However the Wiltshire police later said his demise was ' inexplicable ' .
It is against this extraordinary background of highly suspicious deaths that Dr Kelly 's own death occurred .
As we know , an inquest on his body was ruled out by Oxfordshire 's coroner , a highly unusual move .
' Do n't be surprised if my body is found . '
Instead , Tony Blair ordered an inquiry by Lord Hutton .
It heard evidence from 74 witnesses and concluded that Dr Kelly killed himself by slashing the ulnar artery of his left wrist with a garden knife after swallowing painkillers - although none had been prescribed by his GP .
A detailed medical dossier by the 13 British doctors , however , rejects the Hutton conclusion on the grounds that a cut to the small ulnar artery is not deadly .
The dossier is being used by lawyers to demand a proper inquest and the release of Dr Kelly 's autopsy report , which has never been made public .
Their evidence will be sent to Sir John Chilcot 's forthcoming Iraq War inquiry .
One of the doctors , David Halpin , former consultant in trauma at Torbay Hospital , Devon , told me : ' Arteries in the wrist are of matchstick thickness and severing them does not lead to life - threatening blood loss . '
He and the other doctors say : ' To die from haemorrhage , Dr Kelly would have had to lose about five pints of blood .
It is unlikely from his stated injury that he would have lost more than a pint . '
A lack of blood at the death scene was also confirmed by the search team who found Dr Kelly and the paramedics who tried to treat him .
One of the country 's most respected vascular surgeons , Martin Birnstingl , also says that it would be virtually impossible for Dr Kelly to have died by severing the ulnar artery on the little finger side of his inner wrist .
' I have never , in my experience , heard of a case where someone has died after cutting their ulnar artery .
The minute the blood pressure falls , after a few minutes , this artery would stop bleeding .
It would spray blood about and make a mess but it would soon stop . '
He believes that if Dr Kelly was really intent on suicide he would have cut the artery in his groin .
Dr Kelly was also right - handed - which meant he would have to slash awkwardly from left to right on his opposite wrist to have cut into the ulnar artery to any depth .
And what of the tablets ?
The almost empty packet of Co- Proxamol found by the dead scientist 's side suggested he had taken 29 .
But he had vomited and only a fragment of one remained in his stomach .
The level of painkillers in his blood was a third of what is required to cause death .
As David Halpin says : ' The idea that a man like Dr Kelly would choose to end his life like that is preposterous .
This was a scientist , an expert on drugs . '
So what really happened to Dr Kelly ?
The gardening knife that Lord Hutton said killed him was blunt and - although the scientist was not wearing gloves - had no fingerprints on it .
Which brings us back to that unopened letter found on Dr Kelly 's desk , which had been sent to him at his home by MoD bosses and signed by Richard Hatfield , the ministry 's personnel chief .
A whole series of experts died in strange ways
It emerged at the Hutton inquiry into Dr Kelly 's death that it contained threats demanding his future silence .
At the time , Dr Kelly had received a number of warning phone calls at his home from the MoD about his indiscreet behaviour - and he will have been in no doubt that the official letter was written confirmation of these admonishments .
But he would not be put off .
He saw his book as a guarantee of his financial future , which he often worried about .
On what he felt was a lowly £ 58,000 a year , the scientist fretted that his Government pension ( based on his final salary ) would not finance a decent retirement for him and his wife .
On the day he died , Janice has confirmed her husband was a distressed man .
Dr Kelly lunched with her , before going out for a walk on Harrowdown Hill at 3.30 pm .
It was a walk he made regularly at the same time of day - something anyone watching his movements would have been well aware of .
That day , events were already in motion elsewhere .
An hour before , at 2.30 pm , a senior policeman sat down at his computer at Thames Valley Police headquarters in Oxfordshire .
He began to create a restricted file on his secure computer .
Across the top he typed a code name : Operation Mason .
Although its contents have never been made public , it would detail the overnight search for Dr Kelly .
Incredibly , he created this file an hour before the scientist even left home .
After Dr Kelly 's corpse was found at 8.30 am by the volunteer searchers , the senior policeman made his last Operation Mason entry .
It simply states : ' 9.00 am. 18.07.03 .
Body recovered '.
Most intriguingly , at 8 am , half an hour before Dr Kelly 's body was discovered under the tree , three officers in dark suits from MI5 's Technical Assessment Unit were at his house .
The computers and the hard - disk containing the 40,000 words of the explosive book were carried away .
They have never been seen since .
I have learned enough surprising things about American history that I would n’t be surprised if it turned out to be more one of those comforting myths than undisputed history , but when I was a schoolboy I distinctly remember hearing that it used to be the custom on the Fourth of July in towns across America for people to gather in the town square or park for patriotic band music and family picnics , highlighted by some prominent citizen reading aloud the Declaration of Independence .
I never experienced it myself , though I suspect I am of a vintage earlier than many Antiwar.com readers .
But I grew up in a smallish town in Southern California rather than in the Midwest .
In high school in the 1950s I played in the town band during the summer , and we did rousing marches , 19th - century operetta overtures and patriotic medleys , but nobody read the Declaration , though I think the mayor gave a brief talk lauding America .
Assuming that this practice was once widespread , I would n’t be surprised if it began to die out not only as America became more urbanized , but as America grew into what the late Gen.
William E. Odom ( I ’m so grateful I had a chance to meet this delightful man before he died ) , called an " accidental empire , " though historians differ as to how intentional it was .
If I am correct , while there may not be a direct cause - and - effect relationship , there is quite likely a relationship .
For the kind of relationship between people and government envisioned in the Declaration is rather different from the kind of relationship the proprietors of an empire prefer .
In an empire it is a bit awkward to be reminded that the rights – and extensive rights at that – of the individual person exist independently of and both temporally and morally prior to any claims the government might make .
After the stirring language about " certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness , " the Declaration goes on to posit that " to secure these rights , governments are instituted among men . "
Government ’s job , in the eyes of those who signed the document , was to secure rights , which were seen as vulnerable in an ungoverned condition .
And if it failed to do the job competently or overstepped its boundaries , it was the right of the people to " alter or abolish it . "
Just governance stemmed from the consent of the governed , and the founders seemed to have in mind a more active than passive consent .
The Declaration of Independence has been called the most revolutionary public document in human history .
Jefferson ( or perhaps Tom Paine , playing a significant writing role behind the scenes , as some students believe ) may have simply captured a consensus at a moment that had been building for quite some time , but he expressed it especially clearly and eloquently .
Human beings are not simply vassals or serfs or slaves or conscripts in the schemes and battles of the powerful , as most had been treated through much of human history , but proud bearers of rights bestowed by " Nature and Nature ’s God . "
Rulers are expected not to govern by whim or arbitrary preference , but in the service of protecting the rights of the people .
Government is the servant , not the master .
Or as Jefferson put it in another context , it is not the case that some people are born with saddles on their backs and others are born to ride them .
And what a felicitous phrase is " pursuit of happiness . "
The formulation of Locke - influenced English " liberals " was " life , liberty , and property . "
" Pursuit of happiness " is a much more expansive concept .
The founders all believed property rights were essential to a properly functioning free society , but Jefferson intuited that there was a more fundamental reason to secure property rights : to facilitate the pursuit of happiness .
The concept is at once open - endedly idealistic and realistic .
We are n’t guaranteed happiness in this life , and some of us may never find it .
But we have the right to pursue it in our own way and in accordance with our own values – and we have the obligation to respect the right of others to pursue happiness in their own way , however it might differ from ours .
But servants sometimes turn on their masters , and if the servants are essential to the running of a household or a continent because they know things the putative masters ca n’t be bothered with – how to fix the plumbing , how to create an economic bubble that benefits one ’s friends – they become de facto masters .
Americans still remember the language of unalienable rights , and court decisions even give the idea a modicum of respect .
But how many actually believe that facilitating their own " pursuit of happiness " – whether in the simple , commonplace understanding of doing what actually gives you pleasure or in the more elevated sense some philosophers propounded , arguing that true happiness develops not just from sensual , temporary pleasures but from an active effort to understand the world and develop a sense of meaning for one ’s life – is government ’s primary and perhaps only job ?
An imperial power does not want such " selfish " or self - centered citizens .
It wants subjects who can be made to believe that their willingness to serve the designs of their rulers and betters , even to the point of dying in some faraway land whose inhabitants resent their presence , is the most glorious and righteous way they can pursue happiness .
It wants people who believe they have consciously assented to the notion that the only alternative to an increasingly strong and intrusive presence of the state in their lives is murderous chaos and the conquest of the country by one of the innumerable foreign hobgoblins our masters keep warning us about .
An imperial power , to deal in the mundane , wants people who believe that the old customs I learned as a child regarding fireworks – some are too dangerous to mess with , as my father ( and every father of whom I was aware ) emphasized , and all have an element of danger , especially in a part of the country likely to be hot and dry around July 4 , so keep a bucket of water handy and do n’t fire rockets in a way that you ca n’t tell where they might land – are unspeakably barbaric and horrible to contemplate .
Better to gather people into stadiums to ooh and aah over their bread - and - circuses fireworks show conducted by certified experts licensed by the state .
The very idea of having children learn a certain kind of responsibility through experience and sometimes by being hurt is just too retrograde .
Truly independent people who take their rights seriously are unlikely simply to respond " Oh , is it my turn ? " when their betters tell them it is time to join up and practice utter obedience in a regimented and hierarchical organization designed to maximize the efficient killing of other human beings .
People who believe their own version of the good life is not only worthy of respect but has a legitimate right to protection by the powers that be just might ask whether a religious fanatic living in a cave is more of a danger to them than a government determined to treat us all as children unable to make responsible decisions ourselves .
A republic wants citizens vigilant to look out for their own rights and interests .
A free society wants people who believe freedom is the crowning glory of the human story .
An empire wants subjects , people so propagandized or intimidated that they believe that sacrificing themselves for the greater glory of the ruling class is noble and desirable , and whose relatives are willing to maintain the fiction when their loved ones are killed or maimed in the wars of the imperial rulers .
Despite Obama ’s determination to engage in extensive " nation - building " in Afghanistan , I believe the U.S. empire is in the process of winding down , pulling in its wings , and prioritizing its ambitions .
( This need not be the end of the world : former imperial capitals like Rome , Vienna , Paris , London , Tokyo , and Moscow are still vibrant and fascinating cities , in some ways more appealing for the fact that they no longer have to worry about sustaining an empire . )
Perhaps we will know that the process is complete when it is once more fashionable to read the Declaration aloud in public places at every appropriate opportunity .
Welcome to Stock Geometry !
This casual music and financial blog typically involves posts of music videos and candlestick stock charts looking at intermediate term trends .
Think MTV meets CNBC .
My positions fluctuate , but I ’ll always disclose positions in posted stocks .
You are responsible for your investments !
– Dr. pythagoruz
It does n't much matter what kind of goop you use to seal the cloth of this short - term boat .
If you plan to continue using your boat for a mattress , latex paint will breathe more than the others and be a nicer sleeping surface .
If you 're just in a hurry to float , consider paint , tar , varnish , linseed oil , crisco , lard , butter , heavy grease , wax , etc
There is something very wrong with the labeling on this paint can .
See all the words on this paint can ?
Notice that " PAINT " is n't one of them ?
What the hell is all the rest of that gibberish there for ?
Deep Base ?
Is it full of CDs of dance music ?
How many years of schooling and experience did the label design committee , marketing team , etc have ?
I 'd guess thousands .
Humanity are the world 's craziest people .
No wonder so many of them live below sea level in hurricane country in carefully planned disaster traps .
But it 's not just OTHER PEOPLE who are insane .
You dear reader , active citizen in the " world 's greatest democracy " , are part a giant insane committee .
It is YOUR dumb engineering megaprojects that channel the rivers and make barrier islands wash away .
It is YOUR taxes that pay for it .
I have just purchased an older home in California , which had been on the market for many months .
It was being sold by a local realtor for an out - of - state trustee .
After I bid on the property , the seller 's agent contacted my realtor with a disclosure : the previous owner had committed suicide in the house .
Because of the resident 's death , no other information was available , but I really liked the house , so after asking for and receiving additional information on the suicide — that it was with a gun , that the victim was elderly , that it happened in a back room that would not play a central role in my daily life — decided I was willing to live with the sad history .
Inspectors came and said the house was sound , so I bought it .
Late last week the seller 's agent happened to be at the house on the day that escrow closed , and introduced himself .
He was friendly , and asked about my plans for the property .
I told him I liked it pretty much as it was , but had pulled up some of the wall - to - wall carpeting and preferred the hardwood floors underneath , so planned to have them cleaned and buffed .
He told me about another house he had sold for the same family that also had nice hardwood under carpeting , and after some small talk , he left .
Flash forward to Monday .
My hardwood flooring contractors call me and say they have found something I need to see .
They have pulled up the carpets and padding in the living room and each room off the hall , finding floors with some minor stains and scuffs that they think will clean up nicely , and have finally reached the central hall .
They pulled up the hall carpet and the underlying pad , and this is when they call me .
Here they found a hideous scene : between the new carpet padding and the hardwood is a thick layer of dried , saturated blood and crunchy tissue which appears to be brains .
The residue runs the entire length of the hallway , some 15 feet , with distinct lines at each of the five doorways .
Despite the disclosure that the shooting happened in the back room , the blood evidence makes it clear that the suicide closed himself off in the smallest area of the house , the hallway , and shot himself there .
The body was removed , the walls repainted , but the residue of the shooting was never cleaned up .
Instead , someone had laid down new carpeting to give the impression of cleanliness .
I 'm not a squeamish person by nature , but I was badly shaken by this discovery .
Thankfully , the flooring crew said they knew how to handle the mess and could sand the stains away , and they did so that day .
They also had to sand the rest of the floors , to match the diminished height of the hall floors , and the cost and length of my flooring job increased accordingly .
I am wondering now what I should do and what I can expect from the seller 's realtor and the seller .
There are issues surrounding the misleading disclosure ( wrong room ) , and beyond that , the fact that I was sold a bio - hazard deliberately disguised as a livable environment .
I have searched real estate law online , but this is such an outrageous and bizarre situation that I 'm not finding any case studies that apply .
If you have any insight into possible ways that this situation might play out , what I ought to do and who I should talk to , who might be liable and for what , I would appreciate it .
Of course I will be talking at length with my agent , but I hope the hive mind can provide some ideas and talking points .
( Posting anonymously because I 'd rather not be known as the person who lives in the house that dripped blood .
But if you have questions or want to reply anonymously , I can be reached at floorofgore@hushmail.com )
What happens when you buy a house with an unfortunate history ( suicide ) that has been disclosed , but no one bothers to tell you that the victim 's blood is hidden under the new carpeting ?
EUCLID — Dorothy Richardson , 75 , of Waynoka Road , was charged with cruelty to animals after three neighbors told police that she beat a baby deer to death with a shovel .
• Updated version of story .
The neighbors , including Euclid Councilman Christopher Gruber , said Richardson told them she beat the fawn in the head June 15 because it was sitting in her flower bed , according to Law Director Chris Frey said .
Richardson could not be reached at home this morning to comment on the charge .
The city 's cruelty charge is a first - degree misdemeanor punishable by up to six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine .
Frey said today that he plans to add a state cruelty charge , which is a second - degree misdemeanor , to give the judge more sentencing options , considering Richardson 's age .
The state charge is punishable by a maximum 90 days in jail and $ 750 fine .
Frey said he has received dozens of e-mails from across the country urging him to prosecute the case to its fullest .
Female deer leave their fawns in secluded spots while they forage for food .
The fawns avoid being eaten by predators by remaining still until their mothers return .
Young fawns are still nursing and do not eat flowers and other foliage , Division of Wildlife spokeswoman Jamey Graham said .
The HTML5 specification includes support for < video > and < audio > tags .
This page outlines use of HTML5 syntax with Xiph .
Org codecs , particularly Ogg Theora and Ogg Vorbis .
It is also a place to collect ideas for ogg.org .
See also the Theora Cookbook for a guide to streaming and working with Ogg Theora .
Browser Support
Our list of TheoraSoftwarePlayers lists many general - purpose media players that support Ogg Theora .
The following web browsers support HTML5 with Ogg video :
Mozilla Firefox
Firefox 3.5 includes " support for the HTML5 < video > and < audio > elements including native support for Ogg Theora encoded video and Vorbis encoded audio . "
See Using audio and video in Firefox at the Mozilla Developer Center for more info .
Opera
In A call for video on the web - Opera < video > release on Labs , Opera announce that they " have created an experimental build of our browser for Windows , Mac and Linux with ... support for the < video > element / Ogg Theora built in " .
The article contains links to experimental builds of Opera 9.52 , and provides some simple examples of HTML5 < video > markup .
Google Chrome
Unstable builds are available from the dev-channel .
The first version supporting Ogg Theora was chrome 3.0.182.2 .
Microsoft Internet Explorer
The default install of VLC includes the activeX extension that enables inline ogg theora playback .
You can also install the direct show filters for windows media player .
Plugins
Compatibility
Web Video sites
For more examples of Ogg Theora video , see List of Theora videos .
The following web sites support HTML5 with Ogg Theora .
Community upload sites
These sites allow anyone to upload video , and provide transcoding to Ogg :
DailyMotion .
See also DailyMotion 's Open Video Demo ( restricted to Firefox 3.5 )
Chris Double 's Tinyvid ( transcoding via Firefogg )
Archival and Reference
Sites that curate video for general archival and reference purposes , and allow anyone to upload relevant material :
Projects
metavid : The Open Video archive of the US Congress
pad.ma : Public Access Digital Media Archive is an online archive of densely text - annotated video material , primarily footage and not finished films .
Conferences
linux.conf.au
DebConf : on the individual conference pages , e.g . [ 1 ]
The FOMS workshop videos : proceedings from a workshop on free and open multimedia software .
Technology for setting up your own site
HTML5 < video > embedding
There are various ways to provide HTML5 video content with fallbacks for older browsers and non-free codecs .
You can include one of the scripts below , or modify source from an existing page such as the HTML of CELT presentations .
mv_embed
Mv_embed is " a javascript library for easy embedding of ogg theora / vorbis media with the html5 tag .
Once the script is included you can include an inline ogg theora clip with :
< video src=" mymovie.ogg " >
" Mv_embed will then rewrite the video tag to whatever playback method is available on the client be it native support , java cortado , mplayer or vlc " .
See also mv_embed on MediaWiki .
i Theora
i Theora
Example sites using iTheora :
video4all
video4all at Google Code
Uses browser specific technology ( .htc , .xbl , or plain .js ) to rewrite video tags to fall back to H.264 in Flash for legacy browsers , while providing H.264 natively to Safari and Theora for Mozilla .
Roughly speaking a script version of Kroc Camen 's pure HTML Video For Everybody solution .
Does n't ( currently ) use any Theora based fallbacks .
Video for Everybody
Video for Everybody is " a chunk of HTML code that embeds a video into a website using the HTML5 < video > element . "
Comment :
We really should n't be plugging a solution which eschews cortado as a fall back in favor of FLV .
A pure HTML triple check video / java / youtube would be better , but no pure HTML solution perform a canplaytype so it will break for safari users without xiphqt .
Is " possible to add raw HTML but no JS " a common enough situation that a JS free solution is really needed ?
-- Gmaxwell 22:58 , 30 June 2009 ( PDT )
Comment :
It 's clear that this solution makes a few compromises in order to be JS - free .
The code is both fragile and frightening for reasons that make sense with regard to the original author 's goals but are n't relevant if e.g. promoting Theora adoption takes precedence over a distaste for Java and / or Javascript .
-- Bod 06:03 , 6 July 2009 ( PDT )
HTML5 < audio > embedding
There are various ways to provide HTML5 audio content in Vorbis and there are Java and Flash fallbacks for older browsers ( and non - free codecs though this is even less necessary than it is in the case of Theora video ) .
Vorbis via Flash 10
fogg ( aka FVorbis ) , Jorbis code automatically ported to Haxe and then compiled to AS3
Alchemy Vorbis , Adobe 's Alchemy allows compiling C and C++ plus to AS3 .
Vorbis is one of the demo libraries they ported .
flash.j-ogg , haxe and actionscript3 translation of j- ogg
Vorbis via Java
JorbisPlayer
J- Ogg
Vorbis via Javascript and < audio > tag
web radio interface
Encoding , transcoding
Firefogg
Firefogg provides " video encoding and uploading for Firefox " .
This includes a Firefox extension that allows users to encode video to Ogg Theora on their own computer while uploading it to your site .
This simplifies the upload for users as they can simply choose from their existing video files , and simplifies your web site by allowing you to deal with only one video format , and offloading the CPU cycles required for encoding to the user .
Content management
Backend servers
Three TTC employees are accused of stealing as much as $ 20,000 in fares over the course of a year – less than three dollars at a time .
In the past week , three ticket collectors at some of the city 's busiest subway stops – Union , Queen and Eglinton , all on the Yonge line – have been charged with theft under $ 5,000 , as well as multiple counts of failing to collect a fare .
Toronto Transit Commission officials were alerted to the alleged fraud by a concerned rider , who noticed that after paying cash , they were simply waved through the turnstile by the collector .
The employee is supposed to pass the fare back through the booth 's window for the customer to deposit in the collection box .
" There 's a couple of scenarios , " said Toronto police Det. Rob Ermacora .
" Someone will come up and give $ 5 , but instead of breaking the bill , what happens is they 'll give back the two and a quarter and keep the $ 2.75 ( cash fare ) . "
Similarly , he continued , if someone bought four tokens , the suspect would pass the rider three , then pocket the fourth instead of putting it in the fare box .
The TTC 's special constables launched an investigation with the assistance of Toronto police using surveillance cameras – there are two pointed at every collection booth – and undercover officers .
Yesterday morning , Toilane Fountain , 57 , of Toronto , was arrested at the Queen station .
Anthony Alfano , 65 , of Whitby , and Kiran Sachdev , 56 , of Toronto , were charged last Wednesday .
Each has been suspended without pay and will be fired if convicted , an official said .
Sachdev made more than $ 125,000 last year , earning a spot on the Ontario government 's so - called sunshine list of public - sector salaries published annually .
He is to appear in court Sept.
3 . The other two accused are scheduled to appear Aug. 31 .
The transit commission estimates tens of thousands of dollars have been stolen , said TTC chair Adam Giambrone , who added the agency collects $ 900 million a year in fares .
With files from Tess Kalinowski
Yes , I know that cats live longer , but I think the quip I made at DemoCamp 21 still makes a good point :
Let ’s upgrade to compliant up - to - date browsers , shall we ?
IE8 , or even that hippie browser , if you must .
Credit where credit is due :
The “ cat ’s dead now ” line is my remix of a line from a review of the Guns ‘ N’ Roses concert that took place here in Toronto a couple of years back .
The original line went something like “ If you got a cat when Appetite for Destruction came out , it ’s dead now . ”
Consumer culture is killing the earth ( Image : World Perspectives / Getty )
We ’re a gloomy lot , with many of us insisting that there ’s nothing we can do personally about global warming , or that the human race is over - running the planet like a plague .
But according to leading ecologists speaking this week in Albuquerque at the annual meeting of the Ecological Society of America , few of us realise that the main cause of the current environmental crisis is human nature .
More specifically , all we ’re doing is what all other creatures have ever done to survive , expanding into whatever territory is available and using up whatever resources are available , just like a bacterial culture growing in a Petri dish till all the nutrients are used up .
What happens then , of course , is that the bugs then die in a sea of their own waste .
Advertisement
One speaker in Albuquerque , epidemiologist Warren Hern of the University of Colorado at Boulder , even likened the expansion of human cities to the growth and spread of cancer , predicting “ death ” of the Earth in about 2025 .
He points out that like the accelerated growth of a cancer , the human population has quadrupled in the past 100 years , and at this rate will reach a size in 2025 that leads to global collapse and catastrophe .
But there ’s worse .
Not only are we simply doing what all creatures do : we ’re doing it better .
In recent times we ’re doing it even faster because of changes in society that encourage and celebrate conspicuous and excessive consumption .
“ Biologists have shown that it ’s a natural tendency of living creatures to fill up all available habitat and use up all available resources , ” says William Rees of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada .
“ That ’s what underlies Darwinian evolution , and species that do it best are the ones that survive , but we do it better than any other species , ” he told me prior to the conference .
Spreading humans
Although we like to think of ourselves as civilised thinkers , we ’re subconsciously still driven by an impulse for survival , domination and expansion .
This is an impulse which now finds expression in the idea that inexorable economic growth is the answer to everything , and , given time , will redress all the world ’s existing inequalities .
The problem with that , according to Rees and Hern , is that it fails to recognise that the physical resources to fuel this growth are finite .
“ We ’re still driven by growing and expanding , so we will use up all the oil , we will use up all the coal , and we will keep going till we fill the Petri dish and pollute ourselves out of existence , ” he says .
But there ’s another , more recent factor that ’s making things even worse , and it ’s an invention of human culture rather than an evolved trait .
According to Rees , the change took place after the second world war in the US , when factories previously producing weapons lay idle , and soldiers were returning with no jobs to go to .
American economists and the government of the day decided to revive economic activity by creating a culture in which people were encouraged to accumulate and show off material wealth , to the point where it defined their status in society and their self - image .
Rees quotes economist Victor Lebow as saying in 1955 : “ Our enormously productive economy demands that we make consumption our way of life , that we convert the buying and use of goods into rituals , that we seek our spiritual satisfaction and our ego satisfaction in consumption .
We need things consumed , burned up , worn out , replaced and discarded at an ever - increasing rate ” .
Insecure society
In today ’s world , such rhetoric seems beyond belief .
Yet the consumer spree carries on regardless , and few of us are aware that we ’re still willing slaves to a completely artificial injunction to consume , and to define ourselves by what we consume .
“ Lebow and his cronies got together to ‘ create ’ the modern advertising industry , which plays to primitive beliefs , ” says Rees .
“ It makes you feel insecure , because the advertising industry turned our sense of self - worth into a symbolic presentation of the possessions we have , ” he told me .
“ We ’ve turned consumption into a necessity , and how we define ourselves . ”
The result is a world in which rampant consumption in rich countries is rapidly outstripping the resources in the world needed to satisfy demand .
For evidence , Rees developed in 1992 a process called ecological footprint analysis ( EFA ) .
Produced by combining national consumption statistics with calculations of the resources needed to meet reported consumption patterns , EFA generates figures that conveniently demonstrate where consumption is least sustainable , and how fast finite material resources are being used up ( calculate your own here ) .
Big footprints
Rees cited latest figures , taken from the WWF ’s study Living Planet Report 2008 , showing that , globally , we ’re already in “ overshoot ” , consuming 30 per cent more material than is sustainable from the world ’s resources .
At present , 85 countries exceed their domestic “ bio- capacities ” , compensating for their lack of local material by depleting stocks elsewhere , in countries that have “ surpluses ” because they ’re not consuming as much .
Perhaps not surprisingly , given the encouragement from Lebow , North Americans are the most consumptive , eating resources equivalent to 9.2 global average hectares per capita .
The world can only supply 2.1 global average hectares per person , so already , Americans are consuming four times what the Earth can sustainably supply .
“ North Americans should be taking steps to lower their eco-footprints by almost 80 per cent , to free up the ‘ ecological space ’ for justifiable growth in the developing world , ” says Rees .
The worrying thing is that if everyone on Earth adopted American lifestyles overnight , we would need four extra worlds to supply their needs , says Rees .
We have n’t yet mentioned climate change or global warming .
What ’s to be done ?
Marc Pratarelli of Colorado State University at Pueblo believes we need to snap out of our sleepwalking and begin to take real steps to cut consumption .
“ We have our heads in the sand , and are in a state of denial , ” he says .
“ People think : ‘ It wo n’t happen to me , or be in my lifetime , or be that bad , so what ’s the point of change ’ . ”
What to do ?
But there is hope , however slim , according to Rees , both from the top down and the bottom up .
The hope from above is that governments will finally realise that never - ending economic growth is incompatible with the finite material resources Earth has to offer , and begin to manage those resources more fairly and equitably through some kind of world government .
Without global management , destruction will continue , producing food and energy “ crunches ” that make the credit crunch look like a tea party .
“ We need to learn to live within the means of nature , ” says Rees .
“ That means sharing and redistribution of wealth , and for that we need leadership at the highest level to understand that the competitive instinct and the drive for power and more resources is mutually destructive , so governments must act in our collective interest . ”
From the bottom up , there are the glimmers of global grassroots organisations campaigning for global justice and global solutions , such as the internet - based justice organisation Avaaz , which collects email votes for petitions on issues of international or personal justice .
Desire to acquire
Solving the other problem – the advertising that feeds our desire to acquire – might be more tricky .
In an ideal world , it would be a counter - advertising campaign to make conspicuous consumption shameful .
“ Advertising is an instrument for construction of people ’s everyday reality , so we could use the same media to construct a cultural paradigm in which conspicuous consumption is despised , ” he says .
“ We ’ve got to make people ashamed to be seen as a ‘ future eater ’ . ”
Whether we ’re capable of such a counter - revolution is doubtful , both because of our state of personal denial and because of the huge power of industry to continue seducing us .
“ In effect , globalism and consumerism have succeeded in banishing moderation and sanctifying greed , thereby liberating Homo economicus from any moral or ethical constraints on consumption , ” says Rees .
Pararelli is even more pessimistic .
The only hope , he says , is a disaster of immense scale that jolts us out of our denial .
“ My sense is that only when the brown stuff really hits the fan will we finally start to do something . ”
Productivity and the crisis : Revisiting the fundamentals
David Brackfield , Joaquim Oliveira Martins
Most narratives of the crisis start with problems in the financial sector that then spilled over into the real economy .
This column looks at the real side first and shows that labour productivity growth declined significantly in the years prior to the crisis , particularly in the US construction sector .
Financial markets may have failed in that they did n’t detect the deterioration of structural productivity trends in the early 2000s .
Discussions about the current crisis often present events in a sequence , such as that the US sub - prime crisis in August 2007 triggered a major inter - bank credit crisis , which transformed itself into a general credit crisis , the latter having an impact on the real economy and overall business and consumer confidence .
However , it is interesting to investigate what was actually happening to the real sector , especially productivity trends , in the major OECD member economies before the crisis .
An issue with productivity data , notably multi-factor productivity ( MFP ) , which is a measure of technical progress , is that these data are available with some delay ( typically a one - to two - year lag ) .
Nevertheless the data we present below make it clear that labour productivity growth was already slowing down well before the crisis .
In particular , the US construction sector , underpinned by loose credit arrangements underpinning , had displayed dismal and worsening productivity performance since 2002 .
The vanishing productivity gap
Figure 1 shows annual labour productivity growth in the US , Europe , and Japan since 1997 .
The US has historically maintained a higher productivity growth rate than Europe , which has usually been attributed to labour conditions ( hiring and firing ) , product market regulation , and the uptake of technology .
A striking feature of the graph is the downward convergence to low growth by 2007 , which could be dubbed “ a race to the bottom ” . .
It is important to note that this convergence happened before the start of the crisis – the US experienced a labour productivity growth decline since 2004 .
Figure 1 . EU , US , and Japanese productivity growth
Source : OECD ULC Database
Which sectors are responsible for the slowdown of labour productivity in the US ?
Figure 2 breaks aggregate labour productivity into three broad sectors : industry , construction , and market services .
While the picture for the industry sector is somewhat volatile , growth rates since 2005 are certainly lower than in the past ten years .
The market services sector has also seen a long - term fall in the trend of labour productivity growth since its 1998 peak .
However , an important driver in the fall in labour productivity growth for the total economy is construction .
The construction sector is around 5 % of GDP , but its poor productivity performance has been a significant drag on aggregate productivity .
The latter culminates in 2007 , with an abysmal - 12 % labour productivity growth in construction accounting for - 0.6 percentage points of aggregate productivity growth .
Importantly , these trends started between two to four years before the crisis .
Figure 2 . US productivity growth by sector
Source : OECD ULC Database
Price and financial signals were disconnected from productivity fundamentals
Figure 3 shows the disconnection between the productivity trends and the price and financing conditions in the construction and housing sectors .
The construction of new dwellings in the US remained high through early 2006 ; afterwards it started to decline steadily .
In parallel , the negative labour productivity growth in the construction sector , after a short improvement in 2005 , started again to decelerate strongly during 2006 and 2007 .
This suggests a serious excess supply problem .
In contrast , the housing price bubble was still inflating in 2005 ; it levelled off during 2006 but only started to decline in the beginning of 2007 .
It is striking that the boom - years of the mortgage and subprime business ( 2005 - 2006 ) coincides precisely with the periods where the productivity performance was deteriorating rapidly .
As if a substantial boost in demand through extended credit conditions could have compensated for the supply - side problems .
But the real side of the economy took finally its toll .
By mid-2007 , it was obvious that the construction sector was unsustainable .
Figure 3 . Trends in construction and housing
Source : S&P , Bank of England , OECD MEI , and OECD ULC databases
Stable but low productivity performance continues in the euro area
In the euro area , the first noticeable point about labour productivity growth , with the exception of the industry sector , is its stability and low level .
Aggregate labour productivity growth has remained in a one - point range for at least the last ten years .
In contrast , the industry sector has fluctuated around the higher value of 3 % annual growth .
It is worth noting that labour productivity growth in the construction sector has been negative for virtually the whole of the last ten years .
Market services had slowly improved their productivity performance since the early 2000s before declining again in 2007 .
Figure 4 . European productivity trends
Source : OECD ULC Database
Multi-factor productivity had deteriorated in major OECD countries
One of the major drivers of labour productivity is the pace of technical progress , usually measured by multi-factor productivity ( see OECD , 2008 ) .
Figure 5 presents data from the OECD Productivity Database .
MFP trends in the major OECD countries provide additional evidence of the deterioration of the real economy performance in the pre-crisis years for the US and Japan .
The picture is less clear and fewer data is available for the Euro area , but in 2007 the low MFP performance is also apparent in France and Germany .
Figure 5 . Multi-factor productivity growth
Source : OECD Productivity Database
Conclusions
This brief analysis suggests the financial crisis is not wholly responsible for the deterioration in the real economy .
In some sense , financial markets did not detect the deterioration of structural productivity trends in the early 2000s early enough .
The latter continued to fuel asset price inflation up to a point where the disconnection became apparent .
Economic historians will revisit these numbers in the future , but at least one lesson should be learned – it is important to have timely and reliable information about productivity .
Better and timelier statistics may not prevent crises , but they could help agents build more consistent expectations about the future .
References
OECD Compendium of Productivity Indicators ( 2008 ) , Paris .
OECD System of Unit Labour Cost and Related Indicators Database .
Available at : http://stats.oecd.org/wbos/Index.aspx?DataSetCode=ULC_ANN
OECD Productivity Database .
Available at : http://stats.oecd.org/wbos/Index.aspx?DataSetCode=PDYGTH
With bank stability still high on corporate and investor agendas , Global Finance magazine publishes in the October 2009 issue its annual list of the world ’s safest banks .
Global Finance has published its world ’s safest banks listing for 18 years .
This ranking is a recognized and trusted standard of creditworthiness for the entire financial world .
The “ World ’s 50 Safest Banks ” were selected through a comparison of the long - term credit ratings and total assets of the 500 largest banks around the world .
Ratings from Moody ’s , Standard & Poor ’s and Fitch were used .
Global Finance announces the " World 's 50 Safest Banks 2009 "
See the coverage on CNBC :
Flash is required to view this interactive content .
Click here to email yourself a link to this content to experience the full content on your desktop device .
GLOBAL FINANCE WORLD'S 50 SAFEST BANKS 2009 1 KfW ( Germany ) 26 Caisse centrale Desjardins ( Canada ) 2 Caisse des Depots et Consignations ( CDC ) ( France ) 27 Pohjola Bank ( Finland ) 3 Bank Nederlands Gemeenten ( BNG ) ( Netherlands ) 28 Deutsche Bank AG ( Germany ) 4 Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank ( Germany ) 29 Intesa Sanpaolo ( Italy ) 5 Zuercher Kantonalbank ( Switzerland ) 30 Caja de Ahorros y Pensiones de Barcelona ( la Caixa ) ( Spain ) 6 Rabobank Group ( Netherlands ) 31 Bank of Montreal ( Canada ) 7 Landeskreditbank Baden-Wuerttemberg - Foerderbank ( Germany ) 32 The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation ( United States ) 8 NRW .
Bank ( Germany ) 33 DnB NOR Bank ( Norway ) 9 BNP Paribas ( France ) 34 Caixa Geral de Depositos ( Portugal ) 10 Royal Bank of Canada ( Canada ) 35 United Overseas Bank ( Singapore ) 11 National Australia Bank ( Australia ) 36 Oversea - Chinese Banking Corp. ( Singapore ) 12 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ( Australia ) 37 CIBC ( Canada ) 13 Banco Santander ( Spain ) 38 National Bank Of Kuwait ( Kuwait ) 14 Toronto - Dominion Bank ( Canada ) 39 J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. ( United States ) 15 Australia & New Zealand Banking Group ( Australia ) 40 UBS AG ( Switzerland ) 16 Westpac Banking Corporation ( Australia ) 41 Societe Generale ( SG ) ( France ) 17 ASB Bank Limited ( New Zealand ) 42 Wells Fargo & Co. ( United States ) 18 HSBC Holdings plc ( United Kingdom ) 43 Credit Suisse Group ( Switzerland ) 19 Credit Agricole S.A. ( France ) 44 Banque Federative du Credit Mutuel ( BFCM ) ( France ) 20 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria ( BBVA ) ( Spain ) 45 Credit Industriel et Commercial ( CIC ) ( France ) 21 Nordea Bank AB ( publ ) ( Sweden ) 46 Nationwide Building Society ( United Kingdom ) 22 Scotiabank ( Canada ) 47 U.S. Bancorp ( United States ) 23 Svenska Handelsbanken ( Sweden ) 48 Shizuoka Bank ( Japan ) 24 DBS Bank ( Singapore ) 49 Northern Trust Corporation ( United States ) 25 Banco Espanol de Credito S.A. ( Banesto ) ( Spain ) 50 National Bank of Abu Dhabi ( UAE )
WORLD'S 50 SAFEST BANKS 2009 - by Dan Keeler
After two tumultuous years that saw many of the world ’s most respected banks drop out of the top - 50 safest banks list , the dust appears to be settling .
Those banks that kept an iron grip on their risk exposure before the financial crisis have consistently topped the table and maintain their standing among the top echelon in this year ’s ranking .
At the same time , the big - name banks that lost their safest bank ranking during the credit crunch are still absent from the list as they struggle to rebuild their credit standing .
Reassuringly , the very top - ranking banks are mostly unchanged from previous years , but the composition of the rest of the list clearly illustrates the level of upheaval that the global banking and financial world has undergone .
The number of banks from tightly regulated countries such as Canada and Australia is growing as those banks displace their peers from the UK and the US .
Gone from this year ’s ranking are all but two financial institutions from Britain , reflecting the carnage in the UK banking industry over the past year .
While the US banks post a much better showing than the UK ’s , their collective standing has fallen sharply , and they now feature only toward the bottom of the safest banks list .
Rabobank CFO
Bert Bruggink sums up the characteristics that ensure banks appear year after year on the list of the world ’s safest : “ A robust balance sheet , stable profit growth and a high Tier 1 ratio are prerequisites for Rabobank to be able to sustain our position as one of the world ’s safest banks , ” he says .
The slump in the credit ratings of many banks opened the door for a new crop of banks to join the ranks of the world ’s safest .
Newcomers this year include banks from Finland , the UAE and Kuwait , less well - known institutions whose solid credit ratings have put them on a par with some of the banking world ’s most recognizable names .
As always , we have constructed our ranking based on size and credit quality .
We began with a pool of 500 of the world ’s largest banks by asset size to which we applied the most recent available ratings from Fitch Ratings , Moody ’s Investors Service and Standard Poor ’s , with appropriate weightings .
Where different banks were rated equally by all three ratings agencies , the largest of the banks was awarded the highest ranking .
How we measure the safety of banks
The safest banks chart compares the ratings for the world ’s 50 safest banks , based on long - term foreign currency ratings from Fitch Ratings and Standard Poor ’s and the long - term bank deposit ratings from Moody ’s Investors Service .
Where possible , holding companies have been rated rather than subsidiary banks , and government import - export finance institutions have been omitted .
Within each rank set , banks are rated according to asset size .
Ratings are reproduced with permission from the three ratings agencies , with all rights reserved .
A rating is not a recommendation to purchase , sell or hold a security , and it does not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor .
See full rating here : http://www.gfmag.com/archives/105-october-2009/2451-features-worlds-safest-banks-by-dan-keeler.html
For editorial information please contact :
Dan Keeler , Editor , email : dan@gfmag.com
U.K. Daily Telegram September 11 , 2008 The Studies a  Glycemic Instability and Spontaneous Energy Intake : Association with Knowledge - Based Work , a Psychosomatic Medicine , 2008 The Hype According to this wire story , a study showed that mental work increased calorie intakea a purported connection between the demands of modern life and the obesity epidemic .
The Subtler Truth Indeed , this study from the University of Laval in Quebec showed that after a session of aknowledge - based work , a such as reading or taking tests on a computer , subjects who were led to a buffet ate at least 200 calories more than a control group .
But the story does n't mention the limited scope of the study :
There were only 14 participants , all women and none over 30 .
The study does n't quantify how much energy they actually expended during knowledge - based work , and hey , guess what ?
It was n't truly a blind study .
Participants were broadly aware that food perception was being measured , and may therefore have convinced themselves that all that mental exercise made them hungry .
The Bottom Line
The idea that knowledge work puts us in the mood for an Oreo binge would explain a lot about the obesity epidemic , but it 's going to take better experimentsa and journalists who do n't publish vague findings as facta before we can blame our waistlines on thoughtful days at work .
Gary Wade / Getty Images
For many of us , planning begins by examining what we are working on , thinking about next steps , and maybe imagining an unanswered question from the literature that we can now address .
However , one of my most productive clients takes a different tact .
When considering where to go with his work , he has the habit of examining the origin of his projects , reconstructing the major benchmarks and turning points in the research , and evaluating his past performance at every major step of the way .
Sometimes these historical reconstructions can go back twenty years .
I first thought this habit was both unusual and unnecessary .
I was also surprised that , despite being the world ’s leader in his field and a major player in the world of science at large , he did n’t seem to plan very much .
Unlike many researchers , he does n’t fixate on his future results and possible alternatives .
He has a sharp instinct about outcomes , but he does n’t get frazzled if his expected results do n’t materialize .
In fact , he rather enjoys it .
Why is this scientist ’s approach so successful ?
Here are a few thoughts .
He sees his life and performance in terms of the long arc of personal history .
By reconstructing from past to present , he learns about the trends in his world and in his thinking –about both scientific and political matters .
He learns more about himself – his strengths , his weaknesses and how he has to grow to meet new challenges .
By looking to the past , he discerns how to close doors in his research life , which frees up mental space , personnel and money needed to open new doors .
He does n’t benchmark his future , but by benchmarking his past he has a sense of the rhythm of history , both for his lab and his work life .
Perhaps most importantly , he finds out what works .
He uses history to test his hypotheses about how the future will work .
For example , if he knows that a postdoc has been careless in so many different ways but has been a good team player , he might have her play a different role in the lab .
That role may not have even come to mind if he was only looking at current research projects and extrapolating .
Scientists often have a way of mentally separating their lab ’s research projects from the personnel .
This can lead to trying to figure out where the project should go and then coaxing the lab members to take it there .
In contrast , my client sees the project , the people , and the lab environment as more of an organic whole .
By looking at successes and failures through the lens of history , he has learned that a lab is only as good as the people who plan and conduct the experiments .
Although he thinks about the science on its own , he quickly returns to addressing the scientist and her science as one unit .
He has learned that you do n’t manage projects ; instead , you start by mentoring the scientists to get the projects done , and each scientist has highly individual motivations and skills ; the very best bench researchers may even turn the project into a very different , unexpected and more fruitful direction .
Knowing this , my client gets to know his postdocs very well , even though he has a large lab , and he involves them in most every scientific decision he makes about their project .
As a result , everything seems to move very slowly , but by the end of the year 8 - 10 new papers appear in the top journals .
This long view of lab history has paid off for my client in terms of learning when and how to initiate new projects , add or subtract an area of research , and fit new lab members with projects , some of which have been rattling around in his mind for more than a decade .
By looking at history , he spots problems and omissions and mentally bookmarks them , ready when the opportunity appears to address them .
Finally , by examining his past behavior as a researchers and leader , he can make decisions in the present with greater confidence — armed with appreciation that most decisions are only data points on the long arc of his scientific career .
In addition to support from Carcieri , Giannini ’s bill has won backing from Bishop Thomas J. Tobin of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence and state Attorney General Patrick Lynch .
“ We are known for our fine colleges and for our restaurants and our tourism , ’’ said Representative Joanne Giannini , sponsor of a bill that makes the penalty for indoor prostitution the same as that of outdoor prostitution - a misdemeanor , with a first offense punishable by up to six months in prison and a maximum $ 250 fine .
“ We do n’t want to be known as the only state in the nation that has legal prostitution . ’’
Leaders of the push to ban indoor prostitution say Rhode Island is encouraging a dangerous profession , and embarrassing itself in the process .
But the prostitution issue has proved particularly charged , calling up questions of morality , women ’s rights , civil liberties , and quality of life in towns and cities across the state .
The issue has drawn national attention to Rhode Island , a state that has found itself in the spotlight for a series of unflattering oddities - a capital mayor - turned - convicted felon , laws permitting underage strippers , an official name that legislators now are seeking to change from “ the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations ’ ’ to the “ State of Rhode Island ’ ’ because of concerns that plantations connote slavery .
Legislators have repeatedly proposed banning all prostitution in the state , without success .
Yet , as the number of spas has exploded in recent years , pressure has mounted for change .
This year , both the House and the Senate passed separate antiprostitution bills .
Legislative leaders are now trying to hammer out a compromise with the backing of Governor Donald Carcieri .
Prostitution has flourished in Rhode Island , and the state has the distinction - a dubious one , many say - of being the only state in the nation to permit what is often referred to as indoor prostitution , a phrase that distinguishes it from streetwalkers ’ solicitations .
( In Nevada , the practice is permitted only in certain counties . )
The “ spa ’ ’ is among more than 40 operations in Rhode Island that act as thinly - veiled brothels , according to law enforcement and groups that monitor the spa business .
The spas are well known and largely untouchable by police and prosecutors because state law permits prostitution so long as it takes place discreetly , outside public view .
PROVIDENCE - Down the block from the Italian cafes and the art galleries and the boutiques of Federal Hill , the plastic doorbell on a house is tagged with a handwritten note reading “ Spa . ’’
The door is locked , but when the bell is rung , a woman in velour sweat pants and high - heeled slip - ons cracks it open .
Asked what sort of spa services the business offers , she says she ca n’t say .
Opponents also have a broad spectrum of support , including local chapters of the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Organization for Women , and a group of academics from around the globe who recently penned an open letter to the Rhode Island Legislature saying that , “ compared to street workers , women and men who work indoors generally are much safer and less at risk of being assaulted , raped , or robbed . ’’
Opponents also say the bill will put women at risk because arrested prostitutes would be under great pressure from prosecutors to testify in cases against human traffickers , who are believed to supply many of the women working in the spas .
The traffickers , they say , would seek retribution against women who testify .
“ I do n’t think we should be coercing people into testifying and putting themselves in harm ’s way , ’’ said state Representative David Segal of Providence .
Prostitutes are not “ evil , ’’ Segal said , but rather are in desperate straits by dint of poverty or drugs and should n’t be treated as criminals .
But Donna Hughes , a professor of women ’s studies at the University of Rhode Island and cofounder of Citizens Against Trafficking , said prostitutes who are arrested could be sent to alternative - sentencing programs that keep them out of prison , and protection could be provided to those who testify against traffickers .
Such measures should be developed in concert with the new law , she said .
“ People need to understand that there needs to be a lot more work than just passing the law , ’’ she said .
Rhode Island began tacitly allowing prostitution after a 1970s lawsuit spurred legislators to rewrite old laws covering a variety of sexual behavior .
The new law banned prostitutes from selling themselves on the streets but was silent about sex for money in private .
That exclusion went largely unnoticed until 1998 , when the state Supreme Court said the Legislature had intended to bar only prostitution in public .
After that , prosecutors sought to crack down on prostitution using other laws .
They brought charges against alleged brothels for performing unlicensed massages , but the alleged brothels soon changed the names of their services to table showers and body rubs , which are not regulated activities , Hughes said .
Thwarted , local authorities tried to force brothels out of business districts , saying that its workers were living in the businesses in violation of the zoning codes .
But the alleged brothels moved to residential areas , Hughes said .
“ The bottom has fallen out of any way of regulating them , ’’ Hughes said .
As Rhode Island gained a reputation for leniency , the trade has thrived , officials say .
According to Citizens Against Trafficking , 12 spas opened in the state through the end of June - compared with two in all of 2004 .
Melanie Shapiro , a former student of Hughes ’s and a cofounder of Citizens Against Trafficking , has extensively surveyed the brothels , identifying their locations , documenting the conditions under which their workers live , and tracking what johns say about the services performed at various spas .
On a recent afternoon , she took a visitor on a tour of the businesses that she says operate brothels blocks from the State House and around the corner from some of Providence ’s most chichi neighborhoods .
“ I read what the johns say about the women - I ’ve seen the conditions of the women .
It bothers me so much because I just feel like nothing can be done about it , ’’ she said .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
It is always better to have a complete design and well - structured plumbing setup in homes and any type of small or large buildings in Australia .
Many things depend on the design of the plumbing structure whereas the durability of the system depends on the quality of the components used in the overall setup .
If the quality of the things that are involved in the system include electric hot water system , Kitchen appliances and pool supplies then it is important to see the best quality products to assure long term system maintenance .
Mostly , when setting up the Irrigation system there is always need to look for the Hot water system options and Pool pumps as well as Taps .
And all these components need to stick to the infrastructure in the best way possible to avoid leakage and issues in the setup .
This helps in managing the troubles at an earlier stage and ignorance is there , there could be issues that may affect the overall functioning of the system and water supply setup .
Just like when we have air conditioning setup and other things in a building including solar hot water and heating and cooling setup accessories we need to look for careful installation no matter if you are joining just the Poly pipe or a tap to it , it must be done correctly .
So , sometimes due to the lack of expertise a flaw may be left behind causing leakage and seepage issues and that may require quick repair and replacement of the components .
Another reason may be the sudden damage to the system that result in the breakage of joints and pipeline leading to double - trouble and more issues that must be fixed as soon as possible .
Also , if you have to install a new system or accessory and you may have to either add some pipes or adjust some things accordingly and during the process a few attachments may need repair or replacement to fix things properly .
Dom Hélder Camara .
By Barry Healy
July 14 , 2009 --
This year marks the centennial of the birth and the tenth anniversary of the death of one of the most significant religious figures of the 20th century , an instigator of the liberation theology trend in Latin American Catholicism and a campaigner against military dictatorship : Dom Hélder Camara .
Dom Hélder could have advanced himself to the position of cardinal and from there , who knows , possibly to the papacy itself .
Instead , he stood for democracy in Brazil , despite threats to his life and certainly at the expense of his career .
He represented the most extreme point that the Catholic hierarchy could go in standing with the poor in the tumultuous era following the Cuban Revolution and the Second Vatican Council ( Vatican II ) .
Remembering Dom Hélder Camara is poignant in these times when the Vatican bureaucracy is headed by Benedict XVI , who , as Cardinal Ratzinger , oppressed the Latin American church precisely because of its identity with the poor .
Under Dom Hélder 's wing thousands of Catholic religious ( priests , nuns and brothers ) and countless numbers of the laity reached profoundly revolutionary conclusions about Latin American reality .
Many of the progressive governments now in power in the region can trace their roots to the movement that he championed .
This is not to say that he was a revolutionary .
Essentially , he was a pious and spiritual man who , while living out a commitment to humility in the service of God , none the less , under the force of the times he lived in , chose to articulate the suffering of the poor and acted consistently in alignment with those words .
The independent trade union movement , the Workers Party ( PT ) and the Landless Workers Movement ( MST ) , all vital in the fight for Brazilian democracy , arose in the early 1980s as a product of the liberationist trend that he championed .
In times of extreme class polarisation , if people of good faith forthrightly stand upon their convictions they find themselves driven by history to play a revolutionary role .
Dom Hélder was such a person ; Abraham Lincoln was another example .
Born on February 7 , 1909 , Dom Hélder became auxiliary archbishop of Rio de Janeiro in April 1955 .
He quickly made a name for himself for denouncing the city 's social and racial divisions .
He initiated a housing project for the poor and established a permanent campaign of charity for the needy .
He soon acquired an international reputation as the " bishop of the slums " .
Dom Hélder achieved national prominence by lobbying the government for development programs aimed at helping the masses .
His political clout was reflected when he became one of the main advisers of President Juscelino Kubitschek ( 1956 - 1961 ) .
Kubitschek promoted modernisation through rapid industrialisation via foreign capital investment , government - led reforms and the transfer of the national capital city from Rio to Brasilia .
Through the National Council of Brazilian Bishops ( CNBB ) Dom Hélder aligned the Catholic Church with Kubitschek ’s development model .
For example , the bishops played a crucial role in the sparking an ambitious government program aimed at bringing industry to Brazil 's impoverished north - east .
However , Brazil 's modernisation , carried on after Kubitschek by President Joan Goulet , had many powerful enemies , not least of which was the US government .
An independent Latin America did not fit with US policy , especially in the wake of the Cuban Revolution .
During 1963 and 1964 Brazil became extremely polarised .
Dom Hélder moved to the left , eventually resulting in a complete break with the country 's rich elite .
He publicly stated that the elite were responsible for the failure of the Alliance for Progress , President John F. Kennedy ’s anti-communist attempt to head off the influence of the Cuban Revolution through mild social reform .
Led by Dom Hélder , the CNBB published one of the most radical statements in the history of the Brazilian Catholic Church .
Astonishingly , the church advocated the expropriation and transfer of land to the poor .
Dom Hélder campaigned in support of President Goulart 's efforts to implement a redistribution of land and other basic reforms and literacy programs for the poor .
When military conspiracies swirled around the Goulart presidency , Dom Hélder spoke against them , alienating him from the last of his friends in the elite .
At the same time , in Vatican II discussions , Dom Hélder infuriated conservative bishops and traditionalists with his progressive positions , particularly the concept of a dialogue with Marxism .
In early 1964 , the reactionary traditionalists successfully had him shuffled off to an obscure archdiocese .
However , another bishop ’s sudden death forced the church to return him to Olinda and Recife , a centre of progressive political and cultural ferment .
On March 31 , 1964 , President Goulart was overthrown at the behest of the USA .
Brazil would not return to democracy until 1985 .
Radical Catholic social policy
Soon after the coup , Dom Hélder 's enemies within the CNBB assembled the numbers to roll him and his supporters and conservatise the organisation .
But they could not hold back the radicalisation of the grassroots church and the CNBB would continually find itself thrust forwards .
Dom Hélder initially took a traditional Catholic stance towards the new coup regime , positing himself as a pastor for all .
That is , he kept in communication with the leaders of the new order .
General Humberto de Alencar Castello Branco , the first military president , attended his church to listen to some of his sermons .
This was despite the fact that the army was targeting the area around Recife for the worst repression , and Dom Hélder was speaking loudly on behalf of the political prisoners .
Dom Hélder was attempting to articulate a radical version of Catholic social policy which was as anti-communist as it was anti-capitalist .
He sought a non-violent , humanistic social revolution to create a welfare state which would modernise and develop a non-aligned , democratic Brazil .
In the harsh reality of late - 1960s Latin America , where the CIA organised dirty wars to torture and slaughter innumerable progressives , even such mild social reformism as Dom Hélders was dangerous .
The fact that he resolutely stood for it in the face of repression inspired millions to find more radical solutions .
Radicalisation
This was the period in which the Colombian revolutionary priest Camilo Torres chose to join a guerrilla army as a combatant ; Brazilian conservatives accused Dom Hélder of following in the footsteps of Che Guevara !
In 1967 Dom Hélder attempted to launch a third political party , the Party of Integral Development , as an alternative to the two official parties allowed to operate by the military regime .
The following year he initiated a non-violent movement called " Action , Justice and Peace ” .
Both these attempts foundered on the rock of harsh military repression .
Half way through 1968 , Latin American bishops met in Medellin , Colombia , to discuss applying the results of Vatican II to the region .
Dom Hélder argued successfully for a proposal for a radical but peaceful social transformation .
The Medellin statement was a landmark in the history of liberation theology and Latin American politics .
The statement denounced the " institutionalised violence " inherent in social inequality and oppressive social structures .
It proclaimed the “ option for the poor ” , whereby the church should stand with the most oppressed in their daily struggles .
The conference encouraged the creation of Eclesiais Comunidades de Base ( Basic Ecclesial Communities ) , where small groups of Catholics would gather to join their faith to the social struggles surrounding them .
This “ conscientisation ” or awareness - raising method spread rapidly throughout Latin America and became enmeshed in such things as the 1979 Sandinista revolution in Nicaragua and , more recently , the Lavalas movement in Haiti ( which , ironically , is now being repressed by Brazilian troops operating under a UN peacekeeping mandate ) .
Venezuela 's president Hugo Chavez is the most prominent advocate of this trend today and Venezuela 's revolution is suffused with it .
Following Medellín , thousands of priests , religious and lay volunteers all over Latin America become activists with the poor against the governments the United States had imposed on them .
Very quickly many radicalised as the Medellin declaration 's profession of non-violence met the reality of the military iron fist .
Repression
The Brazilian generals replied to Medellin in December 1968 : they decreed absolute dictatorship , suspending civil liberties and press freedom and shutting down parliament .
The security forces were completely let off the leash , not only against the growing guerrilla movement but against all opponents .
Dom Hélder was hounded by the secret police and in May 1969 , a death squad murdered one of his young assistant priests .
In November 1969 , the military succeeded in killing the urban guerrilla leader Carlos Marighella .
Simultaneously , the regime imprisoned and tortured Dominican friars and other priests accused of collaborating with him .
A picture of the depth of the radicalisation underway is reflected in this exchange that the Brazilian liberation theologian and Dominican priest Frei Betto recalled in his memoir .
It is a conversation he had with his torturer when the military captured him :
How can a Christian collaborate with a communist ? --
For me , men are not divided into believers and atheists , but between oppressors and oppressed , between those who want to keep this unjust society and those who want to struggle for justice .
Have you forgotten that Marx considered religion to be the opium of the people ? --
It is the bourgeoisie which has turned religion into an opium of the people by preaching a God , lord of the heavens only , while taking possession of the earth for itself .
In May 1970 , in a speech in Paris , Dom Hélder used his international prestige to publicly denounce Brazilian government torture .
He highlighted the case of Tito de Alencar Lima , a Dominican priest who was tortured and driven to suicide by the security forces .
Since 1964 , Dom Hélder had worked and spoken of behalf of political prisoners within Brazil , but never internationally .
The Paris speech enraged the Brazilian generals , who were sensitive to their international image .
They were presenting themselves to the world as technocrats , driving a Brazilian economic miracle .
The generals launched a nationalistic " Brazil : love it or leave it ” campaign in answer to Dom Hélder .
More than that , military press censorship deleted all references to him in Brazilian publications ; he became a non-person in Brazil until censorship was relaxed somewhat in 1977 .
Behind his back , church conservatives organised against him while the government worked internationally to prevent him being awarded a Nobel Peace Prize .
Even the Vatican gave him the cold shoulder .
Stymied within Brazil , Dom Hélder arranged a simple division of labour : he continued the international campaign for Brazilian democracy while Archbishop Paulo Evaristo
Arns took up the battle within the country .
Within his See of Olinda and Recife , Dom Hélder continued important experiments in church democracy .
He delegated many responsibilities , developing an activist board of lay people and priests for diocesan administration .
Together with other activists , they established a network of grassroots communities known as Encontro de Irmãos ( Meeting of Brothers ) .
A Justice and Peace Commission campaigned for human rights .
Liberation theology
In the 1970s , the CNBB and many individual bishops bravely spoke out for human rights in the face of the dictatorship .
Holding true to the Medellin Declaration , the Basic Ecclesial Communities flourished and Brazilian theologians were in the forefront of the development of liberation theology .
Church bodies such as the Pastoral Land Commission and the Indian Missionary Council organised Brazil 's landless and Indigenous peoples .
The church sheltered the development of the renewed trade union movement that was to erupt on a massive scale in the 1980s , leading to the formation of the PT -– and eventually the election of Lula as Brazil 's president .
The church was one of the bulwarks of the broad opposition which returned the country to civilian rule ; it was truly a church of the poor .
In the arena of church reform , Dom Hélder developed the radical Seminário Regional do Nordeste II ( SERENE II ) in the footsteps of Vatican II .
Rather than closeting seminarians away from the world , SERENE II students lived in homes in poor neighbourhoods and shantytowns , tasting the reality of the option for the poor .
Some SERENE II students did pastoral work in the huge sugarcane industry , where powerful landowners ' thinking had not moved far from Brazil 's colonial era .
Other seminarians participated in a program called " theology of the hoe " , working among the rural poor .
Conservative Catholics railed against SERENE II 's methods .
They were horrified by the number of seminarians who left the priesthood for marriage and the controversial feminist theologians who came out of it .
Also raising the conservatives ' ire was the Theological Institute of Recife ( ITER ) , which taught theology to poor Catholics and lay activists wanting to apply it in their communities .
Dom Hélder retired as archbishop in 1985 , the same year that the military relinquished power .
Pope John Paul II , through the head of the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith , the feared Cardinal Ratzinger , was quietly replacing retiring Latin American bishops with Opus Dei conservatives .
The reactionaries moved quickly after Dom Hélder ’s retirement , replacing him with one of their own , Dom José Cardoso Sobrinho .
Most of Dom Hélder ’s progressive practices were abolished .
Dom Jose became notorious for calling in the police to attack rebellious priests and lay Catholics .
SERENE II and ITER were shut down in 1989 on Vatican orders .
Until his death on August 27 , 1999 , Dom Hélder remained silent , returning to the role of priestly obedience .
Despite this twilight period , his role in leading the Brazilian Catolic Church in its most radical period is exemplary .
Had he remained silent under the dictatorship , Dom Hélder could have at least obtained the prestigious See of Rio de Janero , if not a Cardinal 's hat .
Instead , he lived in permanent fear of assassination and encouraged millions .
Today , it is secular Latin American political forces , inspired by Venezuela ’s President Hugo Chavez , who have taken up and developed his message .
However , it is to Dom Hélder ’s honour that the liberationist movement that he unleashed is still sweeping Latin America .
WASHINGTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government on Tuesday slapped sanctions on a Chinese metals company and six Iranian companies suspected of collaborating on a scheme to transfer missile and nuclear technology from China to Iran .
A New York grand jury also indicted the Chinese metals company , LIMMT Economic and Trade Co Ltd , and its manager , Lee Fangwei , on 118 counts including suspicion of shipping 33,000 pounds ( 15,000 kg ) of specialized aluminum alloy used for long - range missile production from China to Iran .
Lee was charged with the suspected misuse of Manhattan banks employed to transfer money between China and Iran by way of Europe and the United States .
The actions by the U.S. Treasury Department and a grand jury convened by the New York state prosecutor in Manhattan come as the United States has sought tougher U.N. sanctions against Iran to halt its nuclear program , which Western nations believe is designed for making weapons .
Tehran says the program is aimed at increasing its civilian power capacity .
Various telephone numbers for LIMMT in China appeared to be disconnected .
A lawyer who used to represent the company would not answer any questions .
China is bound by three U.N. Security Council sanctions resolutions forbidding support for or contact with individuals or companies linked to Iran ’s missile and nuclear programs .
China and Russia reluctantly backed all three resolutions and say they are complying with sanctions .
But U.N. diplomats say a number of Chinese , Russian and Western firms have continued to try to skirt the restrictions on selling sensitive technology to Iran .
“ Materials may be dual - use , but when they are sent to front companies set up by the Iranian military , and the defendants use false end - user certificates and dummy names , there ’s not much doubt that the use is for weapons , ” Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau told reporters .
Morgenthau also said he would request the arrest and extradition of Lee , also known as Karl Lee and by several other aliases , from the Chinese government .
He is believed to be at large in China .
SUSPECTED FIRMS BLACKLISTED
The sanctions designate the firms and individuals as proliferators of weapons of mass destruction under an executive order and seek to freeze any assets they have under U.S. jurisdiction .
They also prohibit Americans from doing any business with the firms and individuals .
The Treasury said it added Lee and eight aliases for LIMMT to its weapons proliferation blacklist .
The company itself was put under Treasury sanctions in 2006 .
The Treasury named the Iranian firms Khorasan Metallurgy Industries , Kaveh Cutting Tools Co , the Amin Industrial Complex , Yazd Metallurgy Industries and Shahid Sayyade Shirazi Industries for their connection to Iran ’s Defense Industries Organization ( DIO ) .
The Niru Battery Manufacturing
Co was named because of its connection to Iran ’s Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces Logistics ( MODAFL ) .
The U.S. State Department has named DIO and MODAFL for having engaged in activities that materially contributed to the development of Iran ’s nuclear and missile programs .
The U.S. banks employed by Lee were innocent of any wrongdoing because Lee and other suspects had concealed their identities , Morgenthau said .
Morgenthau identified the U.S. banks as Citibank , JPMorgan Chase , Wachovia Bank / Wells Fargo Standard Centered Bank , Bank of America and The Bank of New York Mellon but he declined to identify the European banks .
“ We may not be able to shut down Mr. Lee ’s factories , but we can shine a spotlight on his conduct and the conduct of the foreign banks that permit these types of operations to flourish , ” Morgenthau said .
Another ' clean - up ' by the Jamaica sprint team at Berlin 2009 :
AUGUST 16 :
2 Jamaican men classified fot the 100m final ; Usain Bolt ran the fastest time ever ( 9.58 seconds ) ,
Asafa Powel won bronze .
AUGUST 17 :
4 Jamaican women were able to classify for the 100m final ; Shelly - AnnFraiser won gold , Kerron Stewart won silver ,
plus an honourable 4th & 8th position !!!
AUGUST 18 :
2 Jamaican women classified for the 400m final ; Shericka Williams won silver ,
plus an honourable 4th position !!!
AUGUST 19 :
2 Jamaican women classified for the 100 m hurdles final ; Brigitte Foster - Hylton won the golden medal ,
Delloreen Ennis- London won bronze !!!
AUGUST 20 :
2 Jamaican men classified for the 200m final ; Usain Bolt won the golden medal , Steve Mullings finished 5th .
2 Jamaican women classified for the 400 m hurdles final ; Melaine Walker won the golden medal ,
Kaliese Spencer finished 4th .
AUGUST 21 :
3 Jamaican women classified for the 200m final ; Veronica Campbell - Brown won the silver medal ,
Anneisha McLaughlin finished 5th , and Simone Facey 6th .
AUGUST 22 :
Jamaican men won gold at the 4x 100 m relay !!!
( Including : Steve Mullings ; Michael Frater ; Usain Bolt ; Asafa Powell )
Jamaican women won gold at the 4x 100 m relay !!!
( Including : Simone Facey ; Shelly - Ann Fraser ; Aleen Bailey ; Kerron Stewart )
I decided to go through some animation related stuff today and came up with some drawings that I did for a video project that was bein ...
By Nick Bryant
BBC News , Sydney
Camels were brought to Australia to be used for desert transport
The Australian government has proposed a budget to implement a long - standing plan to cull the country 's camels by shooting them .
Animal welfare supporters reject the plan , but people sharing the outback with the camels call them a menace .
Unlike the kangaroo or koala , the camel is not an animal automatically associated with Australia .
They were first brought there in the mid-19th Century to help explorers traverse the desert .
But there are now thought to be more than one million roaming the outback .
That is roughly one camel for every 20 people , and the population is set to double over the next decade unless some form of action is taken .
In remote communities they are seen as a troublesome menace , trampling vegetation and occasionally ripping up water pipes , as they search for food and water .
So the Australian government has set aside $ 16 m ( £ 9.7 m ) to contain the problem and one proposal is to shoot the camels from helicopters or on foot .
Animal welfare groups are opposed to a mass slaughter .
They have suggested another more humane alternative : birth control , giving animals a drug to render them infertile .
Late last year , a web service called Power.com launched with the aim of allowing users to unify their use of multiple social networks .
Facebook quickly filed a lawsuit , objecting to the ( user - authorized ) gathering of their data .
Reader sufijazz writes with news that Power.com has now countersued Facebook , saying , " Facebook improperly restricts its users ' access to their private information , " and that Facebook 's own data scraping makes their lawsuit an attempt to stifle competition .
According to TechCrunch ,
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Dan Neumann was a 14 - year - old struggling against cancer when he came across an unexpected ally in his battle .
Cancer survivor Dan Neumann plays Re-Mission and is helping create the game 's next edition .
He was receiving treatment for leukemia at Lucile Packard Children 's Hospital at Stanford University in 2004 when he saw a flyer inviting teenage cancer patients to test a new video game .
A self - described gamer , Neumann says he was immediately drawn to the posting .
He signed up to try it and was won over by the game , which simulated what goes on inside the bodies of cancer patients .
" When you go through cancer treatment , chemotherapy becomes something you dread , " Neumann , now 19 , recalled .
" But with the game you 're actively playing something and shooting cells . "
That game eventually became Re-Mission , a video game that 's helping teenagers around the world in their fight against cancer .
Since its release in 2006 , more than 145,000 free copies have been distributed , and now a new version of the game is in the works .
See what it 's like to play the game »
Pamela Omidyar , wife of eBay founder Pierre Omidyar , came up with the idea for the game .
A former lab technician and avid video game player , she thought kids could learn a lot by experiencing the treatment process in a vivid way .
Vital Signs Each month CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta brings viewers health stories from around the world .
See more from the show »
That led her to launch HopeLab , a non-profit that took Re-Mission from the drawing board to an actual product .
The organization , which focuses on using technology to create positive health outcomes in kids , was recently recognized by U.S. President Barack Obama for its innovative approach to tackling health challenges .
Players control a tiny robot who travels through the human body to destroy harmful cancer cells .
Along the way , she breaks down complex medical terminology and explains what 's going on when the body undergoes treatment like chemotherapy .
By making cancer a visible foe , Re-Mission gives kids a different mental view of who their enemy is , said Dr. Steve Cole , vice president of research at HopeLab .
That 's something that teenagers around the world can benefit from .
Video games like Re-Mission transcend national boundaries and cultures , he told CNN .
" Everybody wants to beat death . "
Re-Mission has been distributed to 81 countries , and patients anywhere in the world can download it for free online .
According to Cole , providing an opportunity to experience the positive emotions that come from treatment can change the behavior of young patients and can make a real difference in their health .
A study he conducted that was published in 2008 showed that patients who played Re-Mission took their medication more consistently and learned more about their disease than those who did n't .
" What this game is really built to do is help teenagers be better participants in their own medical care enterprise , " said Cole .
" It gives them a real opportunity to affect their own health outcomes . "
Neumann says when he was in the hospital , doctors walked him through pamphlets describing the chemotherapy process .
But it was the game that ultimately made him feel better about his treatment .
" There 's a lot of complex medical terminology , which is hard to digest at that age , " he said .
" Re-Mission encourages you to learn that your chemotherapy is doing something . "
Now in remission , Neumann is helping HopeLab develop the next edition of the game .
In the early stages of development , the new product is expected to be released in 2012 at the earliest .
He 's been providing feedback on his experience as a cancer survivor and gamer to help developers understand what patients personally get out of playing Re-Mission .
He wants other teenagers to experience the game , and says they should n't shy away even if they 've never played video games before .
" Re-Mission is an excellent game for any cancer patient , regardless of whether they 're a gamer , " he said .
" It really makes you feel like you 're engaging in your treatment . "
All About Video Games • Cancer • Teenagers
NASA 's Mars Phoenix Lander , which spent the summer in Mars ' northern polar regions performing a variety of science experiments , caused quite a stir when rumors circulated that it had discovered signs of life on the Red Planet .
NASA eventually held a press conference to dispel the rumors , promising that more details would eventually be revealed when scientists got around to publishing papers that would describe the experiments in detail .
That day has finally arrived ; today 's issue of Science contains four papers that describe various findings from the mission .
There 's no sign of alien life , but the studies do reveal an active water cycle on Mars — including night - time snowfall .
The papers rely on evidence from a variety of the instruments on the lander , and the description of the data provides an impressive catalog of the various ways that Phoenix could prod and query the Martian pole .
In the months before Martian winter shut the lander down , it managed to dig a dozen trenches , taking soil samples from each .
These samples went into wet and dry chemistry labs , had their conductivity tested , and were even examined using an atomic force microscope .
Meanwhile , cameras and a LIDAR system ( a laser - based range detector ) scanned the surroundings .
The overall conclusion is that the northern pole has an active water cycle .
This had been suggested by a variety of evidence from orbital sensors , as well early images returned from Phoenix .
It 's also not a huge shock , given the seasonal growth and retreat of the polar ice cap .
Still , Phoenix provided some significant details on the cycling of water in the area where it landed .
For starters , it 's clear that there 's significant subsurface ice in the area where Phoenix operated .
One trench , dubbed " Snow White " by mission controllers , had a clear layer of ice within it , and others had slightly more diffuse signs .
The white chunks that were observed sublimating from a trench were confirmed to be ice by an onboard experiment that noticed an endothermic transition occurring at about 2�C , after which its instruments picked up indications of water vapor .
Beyond confirming the presence of water , various instruments gave some indication of what that water was doing .
Electrical conductivity in soil samples increased at night , suggesting that the water sublimated off in the sunlight and was returning to the Martian soil at night .
The cameras detected clouds and low - lying fog , indicating that the water was taking part in normal atmospheric processes ; these were forming at approximately - 65 �C , much too warm for them to be comprised of frozen carbon dioxide .
But the really amazing data came from the LIDAR instrument , which was able to track the formation of the clouds at the atmosphere 's boundary layer .
Cloud formation became more pronounced as the summer gradually faded and the atmosphere cooled at night , and the scientists were eventually able to detect cirrus - like clouds as they dropped " tilted vertical sheets " of ice particles back to the surface of the planet .
In short , they watched it snow .
The authors of one paper sum up the cycle as follows : " This diurnal cycle deposited ice onto the surface at night , reducing the vapor pressure to low values , sublimated it in the morning , and redistributed it throughout the planetary boundary layer in the turbulent afternoon .
Near midnight , ice clouds formed and precipitated a portion of the atmospheric H 2 O back to the surface in the early morning . "
That water cycle has clearly had an impact on the minerals detected by Phoenix , which saw signs of calcium carbonate .
This mineral is likely to form through a combination of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , water from the snow , and calcium leeched from the existing minerals .
Scientists also confirmed the preliminary reports of perchlorates , which would tend to absorb any liquid water under the current conditions .
Nevertheless , this combination suggests that " this region could have previously met the criteria for habitability during favorable Milankovich cycles , " when it would receive more sunlight .
All in all , not bad for a mission put together from parts left over from one that failed years earlier .
Science , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1172339
10.1126/science.1172344
10.1126/science.1172768
10.1126/science.1172466
Listing image by Science / AAAS
Nautilus Shell House was build for a Mexico City couple by Senosiain Arquitectos .
The house is put together using a frame of steel - reinforced chicken wire with a concrete spread over it , resulting an earthquake proof structure .
The open concept inside the house is dominated by smooth surfaces , spiral stairs and natural plantings that makes the inhabitants feel like they 're living inside a snail who swallowed the entire contents of somebody 's back yard .
The metaphor was to feel like an internal inhabitant of a snail , like a mollusk moving from one chamber to another , like a symbiotic dweller of a huge fossil maternal cloister .
I simply adore this creation !!!
NIAC has funded research into spacesuits that could be coated with proteins to generate electricity solely through the natural movement of the astronauts wearing them ( Illustration : NASA / Pat Rawlings / SAIC )
NASA should revive its Institute for Advanced Concepts , a blue - skies idea mill that closed in 2007 , says an expert panel – but it says the new incarnation should have its feet a little closer to the ground .
NASA ’s Institute for Advanced Concepts ( NIAC ) was founded in 1998 to harvest innovative ideas for spaceflight and aeronautics from outside the NASA community .
It received $ 4 million a year , about 0.02 per cent of NASA ’s annual budget , and funded more than 100 futuristic spaceflight and aeronautics projects that no one else would touch .
The projects included motion - sensitive spacesuits that generate their own power , techniques to construct buildings in space using radio waves , and spherical robots to explore Mars , among many others .
But in 2007 , a combination of budget constraints and internal politics shut the organisation down .
On Friday , a committee convened by the US National Research Council released a report suggesting that NASA bring back the think tank .
Advertisement
The committee , which included a mix of people from academia and industry , found that NIAC had been successful right up until its final days .
“ They were definitely living up to their contract at the time they were terminated , ” says committee co-chair Robert Braun , a professor of space technology at the Georgia Institute of Technology .
Three NIAC - funded projects are now “ on a path toward one day being a NASA mission ” , Braun says , including a prototype plasma rocket , an X - ray interferometer that is being considered for NASA ’s Black Hole Imager mission , and a “ star shade “ , which could help existing space telescopes search for extrasolar planets .
Other projects have had unexpected medical spinoffs , like a skin - tight spacesuit that can help children with cerebral palsy walk .
“ By and large , the topics that they invested in were pushing the state of the art , were very advanced in terms of far - out thinking , and I ’d say a decent percentage of them had the possibility of turning into something , ” Braun told New Scientist .
Room for improvement
The committee had a few suggestions for improvement , and for preventing a new NIAC from facing the old one ’s problems .
One of the reasons for NIAC ’s demise was organisational .
In 2004 , it was folded into NASA ’s Exploration Systems Mission Directorate , the section of the agency that had earlier that year been directed to return humans to the moon .
“ There was a cultural mismatch there , ” Braun says .
“ Over time , NASA itself has become more and more mission - focused , which means if you ’re not doing something directly related to the mission that I ’m gonna launch next year , then I do n’t need you .
That was the beginning of the end for NIAC . ”
To protect a future NIAC from the same fate , the committee recommended there be an organisation within NASA that also focuses on advanced concepts that could receive NIAC - funded projects and develop them into actual missions .
Eyes on the horizon
The committee also recommends that a new NIAC come down to Earth – just a little .
NIAC ’s original mission was to pursue revolutionary ideas , projects that would be ready for development in 10 to 40 years .
“ But most of the things that were done by the old NIAC were closer to 40 than to 10 , ” Braun says .
The committee suggests that a new NIAC focus on projects for “ 10 years and beyond . ”
“ It ’s still possible that the new NIAC would fund things that are out there quite a ways , but the committee was hoping for more advanced concepts that will come to fruition in about 10 years , ” Braun says .
Despite the current uncertainty in NASA ’s future plans and budget , the committee says that NIAC is still a worthwhile investment .
“ NIAC was efficiently run , there was no waste of money , ” says John Cramer , a physicist at the University of Washington and a former member of a council that reviewed NIAC projects .
“ NASA got an amazing amount of bang for the buck , ” Cramer told New Scientist .
“ I think any organisation , whether it ’s NASA or Google , needs to spend some small amount of its resources looking to the future , ” Braun says .
“ It ’s always a good time for something like this . ”
Job -Vermittler in den Arbeitsämtern klagen über eine kaum noch zu bewältigende Flut an Daten , die sie erheben müssen .
Ihre eigentliche Aufgabe kommt dabei zu kurz .
Job -Vermittler in den Arbeitsämtern klagen über eine kaum noch zu bewältigende Flut an Daten , die sie erheben müssen .
Hauptpersonalrat Eberhard Einsiedler forderte in einem Schreiben den Chef der Bundesagentur für Arbeit ( BA ) , Frank - Jürgen Weise , auf : " Es muss Schluss sein mit dem Zahlenfetischismus !
Ich bitte Sie dringend , pfeifen Sie Ihre Zahlenknechte zurück . "
Eine BA - Sprecherin bestätigte den Eingang des Briefes und sagte , über den Aufwand für das Controlling werde schon länger diskutiert .
" Es wurde reagiert , es wurde schon eingeschränkt , und es wird intern geprüft , was weiter zurückgefahren werden kann , ohne unsere hohe Transparenz einzuschränken . "
Nach Übernahme des Chefpostens 2004 hatte Weise ein umfassendes Kontrollsystem installiert , dass den Mitarbeitern die Erfassung von zahlreichen Daten und das Einhalten von Zielvorgaben vorschreibt .
Laut " Financial Times " beklagt Einsiedler , dass das Kerngeschäft nicht mehr in der Vermittlung von Arbeitslosen bestehe , sondern in " Controlling , Qualitätsmanagement und Steuerung " .
Die zehn Regionaldirektionen forderten bei den örtlichen Agenturen " sinnlos Daten und Fakten ein " .
Weise hatte die verstärkte Datenerhebung in den vergangenen Jahren damit begründet , nur so lasse sich feststellen , wie effektiv in den einzelnen Arbeitsagenturen Jobsuchende vermittelt werden .
ABOUT ME
24 years old .
Tiny .
Allegedly perky .
Grew up in Missouri , and miss it ... a little .
But I love , love , love living in Chicago .
What else do I love ?
Haha ... well ... other girls , for one .
And that 's the ( new ) part of my life that this blog focuses on .
Posted by : foongpc | Thursday , July 2 , 2009 | Published in music
ADVERTISEMENT
FIRST COMMENTER
Gosh !
I 'm blown away !
Totally blown away by this YouTube performance !
I'm sure you have all heard that beautiful song by Taylor Swift called Love Story .
It 's one of my favourite songs this year !
Definitely in my Top 5 songs for 2009 !
( Watch Love Story music video here ) .
And I 'm sure you have all heard that wonderfully famous tune Viva La Vida from the equally famous band , Coldplay .
It is another one of my favourite songs too and was in my top 5 songs for 2008 !
( Watch Viva La Vida music video here ) .
Imagine combining these two songs into one !
What do you get ?
A total knockout , that 's what !!
That was exactly what pianist Jon Schmidt and cellist Steven Sharp Nelson had done !
Watch their brilliant piano and cello performance of Taylor Swift 's Love Story meets Coldplay 's Viva La Vida .
Listen carefully to how the Love Story seamlessly merge into Viva La Vida and then back to Love Story again .
Simply awesome !
Oh , I just can't stop raving , but this got to be my No.1 YouTube video at the moment !
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : ' Backstage ' With Senator Franken , Thanking Supporters , Nodding to Wellstone "
( 26 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/8/2009 @ 1:17 pm PT ...
Hopefully he misspoke a while back when he said he was ' A DLC Democrat " .
Hey Brad , too busy to put up any Honduran stories ?
I think there is a little Republican ( IRI ) interference going on there , Haiti style .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/8/2009 @ 1:38 pm PT ...
In fairness , Flo , there seems to be quite a lot of Democratic interference going on there , too .
It 's dirt obvious the coup has U.S. backing ... and this administration is just trying to be smooth about it .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/8/2009 @ 1:43 pm PT ...
Maybe Al Franken can give the bluedogs a good progressive kick in the butt ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... dennis said on 7/8/2009 @ 2:44 pm PT ...
Go Al .. let 's not be cynical about who this guy is .. cmon he just beat Norm Coleman .
I never liked that guy from the start , with his " laissez faire " attitude .
That policy is what has gotton us in our current disasters and gave rise to the great depression .
Thank God for the Supermajority and I hope they use it right , with might and no more consideration for those corporate facistic , wealth aristocratic conservative republicans !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 7/8/2009 @ 5:28 pm PT ...
Hey Dennis , you forgot the terms , " ignoramuses , " " fuckheads , " and " knuckle - dragging , ego - bloated narcissistic cretins that should go crawl back under the rocks they popped out from under . "
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Thick - Witted Liberal said on 7/8/2009 @ 6:54 pm PT ...
Randi Rhodes does n't like him .
Does anyone know why ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/8/2009 @ 9:29 pm PT ...
Al Franken got me interested in politics , with his book : " Lies , and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them " .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/8/2009 @ 9:29 pm PT ...
So , he created a monster .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/8/2009 @ 10:49 pm PT ...
Indeed , Big Danny , indeed !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/8/2009 @ 11:37 pm PT ...
" Lies , and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them " was an important and tough book .
I believe Franken will try to make our lives better and it's a great thing he fought for the seat .
I 'll never forget the day he was on C - span with Molly Ivans and Bill O'Reilly who got so flustered with Franken that he started shouting " shut up , just shut up ! "
Great stuff !
No doubt about it , he did something to tick off both Randi Rhodes and Mike Malloy , but those thing happen .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... blubonnet said on 7/9/2009 @ 1:01 am PT ...
I adore Al Franken .
I read that wonderful book as well .
However , the only thing I have a problem with is his dismissal of the multitude of factual scientific data regarding 9-11 - 01 .
Considering he was heading for the Senate , maybe it was best he did n't acknowledge it .
Anyone with half a brain that looks at the evidence can see that which is obvious .
The obvious cover-up !
Maybe now , he might be willing to address it .
Heck , more people realize the cover - up , than not at this point .
I wonder if Randi Rhodes and Mike Malloy are bothered by that , his dismissal of 911 - truth .
I hope Franken does something about the legal " free - speech " called lying , yes it 's legal to lie because it is considered " free - speech " .
FAUX got a lawsuit thrown at them for a lie ( among many ) , but " free - speech " got them off .
PLEASE , AL , IF YOU ARE READING THIS , STOP THE
F%#KING LYING LIARS FROM CONTINUING TO LEGALLY LIE .
IT IS DESTROYING THE ALREADY DELUDED IN OUR POPULATION FROM EVER GAINING A PERSPECTIVE OF REALITY !!!
CONGRATULATIONS , AL , YOU ARE LOVED BY US LIBERALS , ALSO , PLEASE RESEARCH 911 !!
THE FACTS ARE IN .
SCIENCE IS ON THE SIDE OF 911 TRUTH .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/9/2009 @ 9:09 am PT ...
Yep !
I love Al Franken , and I hope he does stand - up comedy in the Senate .
And show all these FAKE " comedian " senators what a real comedian is like !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/9/2009 @ 11:18 am PT ...
99 , The NDI does n't show anyone working in Honduras , but the IRI does ... hmmm
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/9/2009 @ 11:21 am PT ...
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 7/9/2009 @ 12:01 pm PT ...
The people on THIS site of all places ( what I consider the heart and soul of the Election Integrity movement ) should know why Randi and Mike Malloy and many progressives do n't like Al .
He 's a lifelong " old school " Democrat and a political wonk .
He 's a great guy .
He 's mostly very progressive and DEFINITELY very liberal .
But , he still believes the electoral system is " fair . "
He does n't believe in electoral fraud .
He thinks that 2004 was won fair and square by Bush and he refused to use his Air America pulpit in 2004 to fight for a fair election .
He went the " safe mainstream " approach with Air America .
When Randi and Mike were out there trying to do a #IRANELECTION on the people , Al was refusing to have anybody on to discuss the theft of the Presidency .
Other than that one ( not so ) little problem , Al is a great man , and I predict over the next 20 years , ( assuming no airplane " accidents " ) he will replace Ted Kennedy as the elder statesman of liberal / progressive thought in the Senate .
We will some day speak with great pride of the " elder Senator from Minnesota . "
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/9/2009 @ 3:08 pm PT ...
Al Franken 's " Lies and The Lying Liars " was the first widely read expose ' of the right wing 's lying propaganda ... I read it and felt relieved that SOMEONE finally was exposing those buffoons .
Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Ann Coulter and Bill O'Reilly were exposed for the truthless hucksters that they are .
Franken 's book emboldened the overwhelmed liberal / progressives to make a stand and push back with the truth .
Bravo Al Franken ...
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 7/9/2009 @ 5:46 pm PT ...
I love that book .
I felt much like BlueHawk , above .
Al , please make people watch CSPAN more , if you know what I mean .
You have the potential to really get people involved , which is definitely a good thing .
Just remember that computers are inherently insecure , and should not be used for vote counting .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/9/2009 @ 10:03 pm PT ...
BlueHawk # 16 , you nailed it !
That 's exactly what turned me on about the book .
I was n't interested in politics , I was an Al Franken fan from the comedy angle .
I got the book , and I 'd say by accident , it changed the way I view media and politics .
It 's not even the reason I got the book .
Excellent book !
Especially at that time .
It did expose what rightwing media was doing in the mainstream media , how rightwing media was influencing mainstream media .
And from an insider 's point of view .
Al Franken was actually at Wellstone 's funeral .
Franken says in the book , basically , " I was there , and THIS is what happened , not what you saw on TV " .
And I thought : " WOW " , when I read that .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/9/2009 @ 10:05 pm PT ...
And , actually , I never looked at TV news the same again .
And I mean the mainstream TV news , not just the rightwing TV news .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/9/2009 @ 10:06 pm PT ...
Do n't think that just because he was a comedian , that he is n't insightful and does n't know what he 's talking about .
It 's quite the opposite .
He 's very intelligent and insightful , he knows what he 's talking about .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/9/2009 @ 10:07 pm PT ...
And he seems like a very caring individual , to me .
From what I 've read by him , and what I 've heard from him .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/9/2009 @ 10:08 pm PT ...
GO AL FRANKEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/10/2009 @ 2:14 am PT ...
Thanks to the wonder of the internet , you can see Al Franken causing Bill O'reilly 's C - Span conniption fit here .
A wonderful moment on American television .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/10/2009 @ 2:25 am PT ...
Al Franken needs to get Harry Reid 's job .
Both of them claim to be fighters ; only one of them is .
The bad thing is that Franken can't use his superior wit as much now because it will cause great insecurity throughout the congress .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... SteevK said on 7/12/2009 @ 4:58 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 24 Al Franken needs to get Harry Reid 's job .
Both of them claim to be fighters ; only one of them is .
The bad thing is that Franken can't use his superior wit as much now because it will cause great insecurity throughout the congress .
Nah , I think Al has to build up some seniority first .
Barbara Boxer should replace Reid .
She is a real fighter - did you see her in the stimulus debate ?
She can be funny too
http://www.youtube.com/w...qWVQ&feature=related
But , she has the years in to get away with it ...
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/13/2009 @ 2:23 pm PT ...
Sponsored Link
Ksplice Uptrack is an update service for the Linux kernel ; it automatically delivers security and reliability improvements to your machine , without the disruption of rebooting .
Please request an access key here , and an access key will be emailed to you .
Step 2 .
Install the core software
To enable the Ksplice software repository and install Ksplice Uptrack ,
create
/etc/apt/sources.list.d/ksplice.list
sudo gedit /etc/apt/sources.list.d/ksplice.list
Add the following contents
deb http://www.ksplice.com/apt jaunty ksplice
deb-src http://www.ksplice.com/apt jaunty ksplice
Save and exit
sudo wget -N https://www.ksplice.com/apt/ksplice-archive.asc
sudo apt - key add ksplice - archive.asc
sudo aptitude update
sudo aptitude install uptrack
You will be prompted for the access key that you obtained in Step 1 .
Step 3 . Install the graphical manager
If you wish , you may install the graphical Ksplice Uptrack manager by running the following command
sudo aptitude install uptrack - manager
It will start automatically ( in the notification area ) after installation , or when you start a new graphical session .
The ‘ K ‘ icon with the red warning means that there are updates available for your system .
To view the updates that are available , just click on the icon .
Now install updates by clicking Install all Updates
Enter your password click ok
Kernel updates installation in progress
After completing the installation you should see similar to the following screen
Step 4 . Enable automatic updates ( optional )
The Uptrack client will run periodically ( via cron ) to check for new updates .
In the file /etc / uptrack / uptrack.conf , you can configure Uptrack to automatically install new updates , or just notify you when they are available .
To receive new updates from Ksplice Uptrack as soon as they are available , change the autoinstall line to read :
autoinstall = yes
You can use other options such as cron_output_available to configure Ksplice Uptrack to email you when new updates are available .
You will need to make sure that mail to the root user on your computer gets delivered to you .
Sponsored Link
Related posts
Turn left at the circular scratch ( Image : Pilar Utrilla )
Above recognisable depictions of reindeer , a stag and some ibex are what Utrilla ’s team believe is a representation of the landscape surrounding the cave ( Image : Pilar Utrilla )
MODERN humans have got it easy .
Anyone with a computer can look up just about any location and within seconds bring up a map complete with step - by - step directions from A to B .
The internet and centuries of map - making mean getting to , say , the prehistoric painted caves of France and Spain is child ’s play .
“ But imagine a group of hunter - gatherers , returning to an area they …
LONDON -- The U.S. economy may be showing signs of recovering from the financial crisis , but the jury is still out on the future of the U.S. dollar .
While many analysts expect the dollar to strengthen in coming months as the crisis fades and the U.S. economy turns toward growth , a growing chorus of investors is expressing concern about the longer - term outlook for the greenback .
In ...
In the first major Republican challenge to President Obama 's Israel policy , former US presidential candidate Mike Huckabee visited a number of controversial Jewish housing projects in Arab neighborhoods of East Jerusalem on Monday .
The former governor of Arkansas – a Southern Baptist minister who was one of the main contenders for the Republican Party 's 2008 nomination for president – took issue with Obama 's insistence that Israel freeze the expansion of all Jewish settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem .
Standing next to a new Israeli housing compound wedged into the Arab neighborhood of Abu Dis and abutting the looming cement security barrier , he compared placing restrictions on where Jews can live to the racial segregation of his childhood in the American South , saying , " I ca n't understand it at all . "
Mr. Huckabee , who may well have designs on another presidential run , is in Israel as the guest of The Jerusalem Reclamation Project , run by the settler group Ateret Cohenim .
Under the project , the group buys real estate – both land and existing buildings – in Arab areas of Jerusalem where Palestinians hope to make the capital of their future state .
A tax - exempt organization that receives most of its revenue from US donors , the group also regularly moves Jews into Arab neighborhoods , which would complicate any effort to partition Jerusalem as part of a peace plan .
The Obama administration recently spoke out against Israel allowing the group to pursue plans to turn an old building known as the Shepherd Hotel , in the neighborhood of Sheikh Jarrah , into a 20 - unit apartment complex for Israelis .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been at odds with Obama 's position , insisting that he would not accept limits on Israel building anywhere in the city it considers its " eternal and undivided " capital .
Irving Moskowitz , the Jewish - American millionaire who bought the hotel and gave it to the settler group , donated $ 2,300 – the maximum contribution limit at the time – to Huckabee 's 2008 presidential campaign , as did Moskowitz ' wife , Cherna , according to the campaign - finance tracking website opensecrets.org .
The couple gave a total of $ 50,000 to the Republican National Committee in 2007 .
Partitioned Jerusalem : like joint US - Canada control of Detroit ?
Huckabee , who was scheduled to speak at a dinner Monday at Shepherd Hotel , said that while his three - day trip to Israel was not timed to rebuff Obama 's Middle East policy , it was opportune nonetheless .
" The timing was not specifically tied to the Obama administration 's policies , but maybe it 's providential that it coincides because it does point out that those policies are a dramatic change from the position that the US government under both Democratic and Republican presidents have taken , " he said in Abu Dis , the sweeping backdrop of Jerusalem behind him and a bevy of reporters and supporters in tow .
He also echoed Israel 's view , which Mr. Netanyahu emphasized during his White House visit this spring , that Iran poses a far more urgent threat than the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
" Our primary concern ought to be whether or not Iran is weaponizing nuclear material , not whether 20 peaceful Jewish families happen to be moving into a neighborhood in their own country , " said Huckabee , whose three - day trip is focused mainly on settlements .
Huckabee also compared the talk of having Jerusalem partitioned so that it would be under the control of two governments , one Israeli and one Palestinian , to the US and Canada trying to share control of Detroit .
" It 's inconceivable that two sovereign governments claim control over the same piece of real estate , " he said .
" I do n't know how it 's workable . "
Daniel Luria , the executive director of the Jerusalem Reclamation Project , led Huckabee around several of the controversial East Jerusalem sites where Jews are in the process of being settled .
These included a large multistory complex called Maale Zeitim in the Arab neighborhood of Ras el - Amud and projects in the City of David , part of the neighborhood of Silwan .
" Peace can be achieved when Jews and Arabs live together under Jewish sovereignty , " Mr. Luria told the Monitor .
" The concept of East Jerusalem simply does n't exist today , " he added .
A political solution to turn part of the city over to Palestinian control would mean having " an Al Qaeda - Hamas entity on our back doorstep , " said Luria , who was cited in the center - left Israeli paper Haaretz on Monday as saying an estimated 60 percent of Ateret Cohenim 's funding came from US donors .
Huckabee is also planning to visit the Jewish section of Hebron in the West Bank and Maaleh Adumim , the largest settlement in the West Bank .
Huckabee 's motives and aims questioned
Several antisettlement groups held a protest outside Shepherd Hotel dinner , which was closed to the general public and the media but was expected to include several right - wing members of the Knesset and of Netanyahu 's Cabinet .
Ir Amim , an Israeli group that opposes the work of Ateret Cohenim and other settlement efforts inside Jerusalem , criticized Huckabee 's visit as an opportunistic trip that would frustrate attempts to reach a two - state solution .
" This strange dinner is an outcome of an alliance established between the rightist , extremist association whose declared goal is to prevent a future political settlement , and an American politician who is hoping to gain political capital at the expense of Jerusalem 's stability and the future of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , " Ir Amim said in a statement .
" It is not appropriate for the Israeli ministers and members of Knesset to participate in such a bizarre celebration , and to allow a foreign politician to gain questionable political capital at the expense of the immediate interests of Jerusalem residents and the Israeli public in general . "
Changing sexual practices have led to a dramatic rise in throat cancer in the United States over the past two decades , and experts say they fear an epidemic of the disease .
The comments were made Wednesday at a news conference held by the American Association for Cancer Research to discuss research into the role of the sexually transmitted human papilloma virus ( HPV ) in head and neck cancer .
Increasing rates of HPV infection , spread through oralsex , is largely driving the rapid rise in oropharyngeal cancers , which include tumors of the throat , tonsils , and base of the tongue , said Scott Lippman , MD , who chairs the thoracic department at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center .
Studies of oropharyngeal tumor tissue stored 20 years ago show that only around 20 % are HPV positive , Lippman said .
Today it is estimated that 60 % of patients are infected with the virus .
Oral Sex Cause of Throat Cancer Rise .
Walden Bello is a member of the Philippine House of Representatives , president of the Freedom from Debt Coalition , and senior analyst at the Bangkok - based research and advocacy institute Focus on the Global South .
He is also chairman of the Board of Rights , an organization that promotes the rights of farmers and peasants in the Philippines .
Mara Baviera served as research assistant for the book Food Wars .
This article is based on the principal author ’s recently published book Food Wars ( New York : Verso , 2009 ) .
In 2006 – 08 , food shortages became a global reality , with the prices of commodities spiraling beyond the reach of vast numbers of people .
International agencies were caught flatfooted , with the World Food Program warning that its rapidly diminishing food stocks might not be able to deal with the emergency .
Owing to surging prices of rice , wheat , and vegetable oils , the food import bills of the Least Developed Countries ( LDCs ) climbed by 37 percent from 2007 to 2008 , from $ 17.9 million to $ 24.6 million , after having risen by 30 percent in 2006 .
By the end of 2008 , the United Nations reported , “ the annual food import basket in LDCs cost more than three times that of 2000 , not because of the increased volume of food imports , but as the result of rising food prices . ”
These tumultuous developments added 75 million people to the ranks of the hungry and drove an estimated 125 million people in developing countries into extreme poverty .
Alarmed by massive global demand , countries like China and Argentina resorted to imposing taxes or quotas on their rice and wheat exports to avert local shortages .
Rice exports were simply banned in Cambodia , Egypt , India , Indonesia , and Viet Nam .
South - South solidarity , fragile in the best of times , crumbled , becoming part of the collateral damage of the crisis .
Global Crisis , Global Protests
For some countries , the food crisis was the proverbial straw that broke the camel ’s back .
Some thirty countries experienced violent popular actions against rising prices in 2007 and 2008 , among them Bangladesh , Burkina Faso , Cameroon , Cote d’Ivoire , Egypt , Guinea , India , Indonesia , Mauretania , Mexico , Morocco , Mozambique , Senegal , Somalia , Uzbekistan , and Yemen .
Across the continents , people came out in the thousands against uncontrolled rises in the price of staple goods that their countries had to import owing to insufficient production .
Scores of people died in these demonstrations of popular anger .
The most dramatic developments transpired in Haiti .
With 80 percent of the population subsisting on less than two dollars a day , the doubling of the price of rice in the first four months of 2008 led to “ hunger so tortuous that it felt like [ people ’s ] stomachs were being eaten away by bleach or battery acid , ” according to one account .
Widespread rioting broke out that only ended when the Senate fired the prime minister .
In their intensity , the Haiti riots reminded observers of the anti-International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) riots in Venezuela — the so - called Caracazo — almost two decades ago , which reshaped the contours of that country ’s politics .
The Perfect Storm ?
The international press and academics proclaimed the end of the era of cheap food , and they traced the cause to a variety of causes : the failure of the poorer countries to develop their agricultural sectors , strains on the international food supply created by dietary changes in China and India ’s expanding middle classes who were eating more meat , speculation in commodity futures , the conversion of farmland into urban real estate , climate change , and the diversion of corn and sugarcane from food production to the production of agrofuels to replace oil .
The United Nations ’ World Economic Situation and Prospects spoke about the crisis being the product of a “ perfect storm , ” or an explosive conjunction of different developments .
Speculative movements that brought about the global financial crisis that broke out in the summer of 2007 were implicated in the food crisis .
According to the United Nations , the impact on food prices of speculation by financial investors in commodities and commodity futures markets “ has been considerable . ”
It could be argued , said the report ,
that increased global liquidity and financial innovation has also led to increased speculation in commodity markets .
Conversely , the financial crisis contributed to the slide in commodity prices from mid-2008 as financial investors withdrew from commodity markets and , in addition , the United States dollar appreciated as part of the process of the de-leveraging of financial institutions in the major economies .
Others , like Peter Wahl of the German advocacy organization WEED , were more emphatic , claiming that , in fact , speculation in agro-commodity futures was the key factor in the extraordinary rise in the prices of food commodities in 2007 and 2008 .
With the real estate bubble bursting in 2007 and trading in mortgage - based securities and other derivatives collapsing , hedge funds and other speculative agents , they asserted , moved into speculation in commodity futures , causing a sharp increase in trades and contracts unaccompanied by little or no increase in production of agricultural commodities .
It was this move into commodity futures for quick profits followed by a move out after the commodities bubble burst that triggered the rise in the FAO food price index by 71 percent during only fifteen months between the end of 2006 and March 2008 and its falling back after July 2008 to the level of 2006 .
The Agrofuel Factor
Speculation was certainly among the factors that created a “ perfect storm ” in 2006 – 08 .
An even more prominent explanation was the diverting of cereal , especially corn , from serving as food to being used as agrofuel or biofuel feedstock .
On July 3 , 2008 , the Guardian came out with an exposé on a secret report made by a World Bank economist that claimed that U.S. and EU agrofuels policies were responsible for three quarters of the 140 percent increase in food prices between 2002 and February 2008 .
This figure was significantly higher than the 3 percent previously reported by the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) , Oxfam ’s estimate of around 30 percent , the IMF figure of around 20 to 30 percent , and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ’s ( OECD ) 60 percent .
The report ’s conclusion was straightforward :
[ T ]he most important factor [ in the food price increases ] was the large increase in biofuels production in the U.S. and the E.U .
Without these increases , global wheat and maize stocks would not have declined appreciably , oilseed prices would not have tripled , and price increases due to other factors , such as droughts , would have been more moderate .
Recent export bans and speculative activities would probably not have occurred because they were largely responses to rising prices .
Completed as early as April 2008 , the Mitchell report — named after the lead economist of the World Bank research team , Donald Mitchell — was allegedly suppressed by the World Bank out of fear of embarrassing former U.S. president George Bush and his aggressive agrofuel policy .
The agrofuel factor affected mainly U.S. farming , where much of corn production was shifted from food to agrofuel feedstock .
This is hardly surprising since over the last few years , the Bush administration ’s generous subsidies , made in the name of energy “ independence ” and combating climate change , has made conversion of corn into agrofuel feedstock instead of food very profitable .
Pushed by a corporate alliance that included some of the biggest names in the energy and agrifood industries , such as ExxonMobil , Archer Daniels Midland , and Cargill , Bush made agrofuel development one of the pillars of his administration ’s energy policy , with the announced goal that renewable sources should comprise a minimum of 20 percent of the energy portfolio in the transport sector within ten years .
In 2007 , with the administration ’s active lobbying , the U.S. Congress passed the Energy Independence and Security Act that focused on promoting agrofuels and the automobile fuel industry .
The act targeted the increase of agrofuels production by more than eightfold from 4.7 billion gallons in 2007 to at least 36 billion gallons in 2022 — unusually high standards that would evoke significant changes in agricultural production .
As of late 2007 , there were 135 ethanol refineries in operation and 74 more being built or expanded .
Midwestern America saw itself slowly being transformed into a giant agrofuels factory .
In 2008 , around 30 percent of corn was allocated for ethanol , with rapid increases occurring since 2006 .
Not surprisingly , the strong mandate and generous subsidies , as well as high tariffs against imported sugar - based Brazilian ethanol , ensured that such a large portion of U.S. corn was being allocated for agrofuel feedstock , with a not inconsiderable impact on grain prices .
While the actual impact of agrofuel production was bad enough , the future impact in developing countries was even more worrisome .
Huge land lease deals are said to be taking place with land - rich countries like the Philippines , Cambodia , and Madagascar .
There are widespread reports in international media of private firms and governments from countries that lack arable land striking lease agreements .
Some of these deals are for food production , others for agrofuels , but with land being commodified , what is produced on the leased lands will ultimately depend on what is most profitable to bring to the global market at a given time .
The most controversial of these deals was the Korean firm Daewoo Logistics ’ plan to buy a ninety - nine - year lease on more than three million acres of land in Madagascar for agrofuel production .
Maize and palm oil were to be cultivated on almost half of the arable land in the country .
There are reports that the new government that came to power in a coup in March 2009 has cancelled the Daewoo contract owing to popular opposition .
There is no certainty , however , that it will not be renegotiated .
Similarly , Cambodia and the Philippines are negotiating “ agricultural investment ” projects .
Kuwait is trading loans for Cambodian produce .
The Philippines and Qatar are currently negotiating the lease of 100,000 hectares of land .
In effect , the food crisis and energy crisis are causing countries to secure food supplies and agrofuel feedstock in unconventional ways .
It is no longer sufficient to import grains .
The land that produces that grain must be secured through contracts .
Land is now the desired commodity , to the detriment of local populations who depend on the land for their own food consumption .
Political elites in land - rich countries appear to be all too happy to oblige at the expense of their own country ’s food security .
Multimillion dollar leases , such as those being offered by the Chinese to the Philippine corporate groups , are a strong incentive .
Structural Adjustment and Trade Liberalization
While speculation on commodity futures and the expansion of agrofuel production have been important factors contributing to the food price crisis , long - term processes of a structural kind were perhaps even more central .
The role of these factors accounted for the fact that in the years leading up to the food price spike of 2006 – 08 , demand for basic grains — rice , wheat , barley , maize , and soybeans — exceeded production , with stocks falling to 40 percent of their levels in 1998 – 99 , and the stocks - to - use ratio reaching record lows for total grains and multi- year lows for maize and vegetable oils .
A key reason behind the fact that “ production has fallen woefully short of growth in food demand , ” asserted the United Nations , was the degradation of the agricultural sectors of developing countries owing to the marked “ weakening [ of ] investment and agricultural support measures in developing countries , resulting in a condition in which “ productivity growth for major food crops has stalled , and there has been no significant increase in the use of cultivated land . ”
As a result of supply constraints resulting from lack of investment , the FAO reported , “ even before the recent surge in food prices , worrisome long - term trends towards increasing hunger were already apparent , ” with 848 million people suffering from chronic hunger in 2003 – 05 , an increase of six million from the 1990 – 92 figure of nearly 842 million .
In short , there were a combination of structural and policy ingredients in the mix that led to the food price spike of 2006 – 08 , and certainly , a key element was the massive economic reorientation known as “ structural adjustment . ”
This program , which was imposed by the World Bank and International Monetary Fund on over ninety developing and transitional economies over a twenty - year period beginning in the early 1980s , was most likely the conditio sine qua non for the global food price crisis .
Eroding the Mexican Countryside
When tens of thousands of people staged demonstrations in Mexico early in 2007 to protest a sharp increase of over 60 percent in the price of tortillas , the flat unleavened breads that are Mexico ’s staple , many analysts pointed to agrofuels as the culprit since Mexico had become dependent on imports of corn from the United States , where subsidies were skewing corn cultivation towards agrofuel production .
However , an intriguing question escaped many observers :
How on earth did Mexicans , who live in the land where corn was first domesticated , become “ dependent ” on imports of U.S. corn in the first place ?
The Mexican food crisis cannot be fully understood without taking into account the fact that in the years preceding the tortilla crisis , the homeland of corn had been converted to a corn importing economy by free market policies promoted by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , World Bank , and Washington .
The food price crisis in Mexico must be seen as one element in the concatenation of crises that have rocked that country over the last three decades and brought it to the verge of being a “ failed state . ”
The key link between the food crisis , the drug wars , and the massive migration to the North has been structural adjustment .
In the countryside , structural adjustment meant the gutting of the various reformist government programs and institutions that had been built by the Partido Revolucionario Institucionalizado ( Party of the Institutional Revolution ) from the 1940s to the 1970s to service the agrarian sector and cater to the peasantry that had served as the base of the Mexican Revolution .
The sharp reduction or elimination of the services they provided , such as credit , extension , and infrastructure support , had a negative effect on agricultural production and productivity .
The erosion of the capacity of peasant agriculture was further eroded by the program of unilateral liberalization of agricultural trade in the 1980s and the North American Free Trade Agreement in the mid-1990s , which converted the land that domesticated corn into an importer of the cereal and consolidated the country ’s status as a net food importer .
The negative effects of structural adjustment and NAFTA - imposed trade liberalization were compounded by the halting of the five - decade - long agrarian reform process as the neoliberals at the helm of the Mexican state sought to reprivatize land , hoping to increase agricultural efficiency by expelling what they felt was an excess agrarian population of fifteen million people .
Over twenty - five years after the beginning of structural adjustment in the early eighties , Mexico is in a state of acute food insecurity , permanent economic crisis , political instability , and uncontrolled criminal activity .
It may not yet be a “ failed state , ” to use a fashionable term , but it is close to becoming one .
Creating a Rice Crisis in the Philippines
Like Mexico in the case of corn , the Philippines hit the headlines early in 2008 for its massive deficit in rice .
From a net food exporter , the country had become a net food importer since the mid-1990s , and the essential reason was the same as in Mexico — that is , the subjugation of the country to a structural adjustment program that was one of the first in the developing world .
The program involved a massive reduction of funding for rural programs that were set up during the Marcos dictatorship in the latter ’s effort to convert the peasantry into a pillar of the regime .
The deleterious effects of structural adjustment , which sought to channel the country ’s financial resources to the payment of the foreign debt , were compounded by the entry of the country into the World Trade Organization in the mid-1990s , which required that it end the quotas on all agricultural imports , except for rice .
In one commodity after another , Filipino producers were displaced by imports .
Contributing to the decline of agricultural productivity was the grinding to a halt of the agrarian reform program , which was not only successfully stymied by landlords but was not accompanied by an effective program of support services such as those that aided successful land reforms in Taiwan and Korea in the 1950s and 1960s .
Today , the status of the Philippines as a permanent importer of rice and a net food importer is implicitly accepted by a government that does not see agriculture playing a key role in the country ’s economic development , except perhaps to serve as a site for plantations rented out to foreign interests to produce agrofuels and food dedicated for export to the latter ’s markets .
Destroying African Agriculture
As a continent that imports some 25 percent of the food it consumes , Africa has been at the center of the international food price crisis .
In recent years , understanding of the roots of the crisis has been derailed by the fashionable notion that the reason Africa has a massive food deficit is its not having undergone the Green Revolution that Asia and Latin America experienced .
As in Mexico and the Philippines , structural adjustment , with its gutting of government budgets — especially its drastic reduction or elimination of fertilizer subsidies — was key factor that turned relatively underpopulated Africa from a net food exporter in the 1960s to the chronic net food importer it is today .
As in Mexico and the Philippines , the aim of adjustment in Africa was to make the continent ’s economies “ more efficient ” while at the same time pushing them to export - oriented agricultural production to acquire the foreign exchange necessary to service their burgeoning foreign debts .
This doctrinaire solution , which was applied with the World Bank and the IMF micromanaging the process , created instead more poverty and more inequality and led to significant erosion of the continent ’s agricultural and industrial productive capacity .
In Malawi , it led , earlier this decade , to famine , which was only banished when the country ’s government reinstituted fertilizer subsidies .
As in the Philippines and Mexico , the right hook of structural adjustment was followed by the left hook of trade liberalization in the context of unequal global trading rules .
Cattle growers in Southern Africa and West Africa were driven out of business by the dumping of subsidized beef from the European Union .
Cotton growers in West Africa were displaced from world markets by highly subsidized U.S. cotton .
The World Bank now admits that by pushing for the defunding of government programs , its policies helped erode the productive capacity of the agriculture .
The 2008 World Development Report contained the following damning admission :
Structural adjustment in the 1980s dismantled the elaborate system of public agencies that provided farmers with access to land , credit , insurance inputs , and cooperative organization .
The expectation was that removing the state would free the market for private actors to take over these functions — reducing their costs , improving their quality , and eliminating their regressive bias .
Too often , that did n’t happen .
In some places , the state ’s withdrawal was tentative at best , limiting private entry .
Elsewhere , the private sector emerged only slowly and partially — mainly serving commercial farmers but leaving smallholders exposed to extensive market failures , high transaction costs and risks , and service gaps .
Incomplete markets and institutional gaps impose huge costs in forgone growth and welfare losses for smallholders , threatening their competitiveness and , in many cases , their survival .
Rather than allow Africans to devise indigenous solutions to the continent ’s agrarian crisis , however , the Bank is currently promoting a new development strategy relying on large - scale corporate agriculture while creating “ protected ” reserves where marginalized populations would eke out an existence based on smallholder and communal agriculture , for which the Bank does not see much of a future .
Capitalism versus the Peasant
The World Bank ’s promotion of corporate agriculture as the solution to Africa ’s food production problems after the devastation of structural adjustment is a strong indication that , whether the designers of structural adjustment were conscious of it or not , the program ’s main function was to serve as the cutting edge of a broader and longer - term process : the thoroughgoing capitalist transformation of the countryside .
That the dynamics of capitalist transformation is what lies at the heart of the food crisis is essentially what Oxford economist Paul Collier contends in presenting the orthodox account of the causes and dynamics of the food price crisis in Foreign Affairs .
A large part of the blame for the crisis stems from the failure to diffuse what he calls the “ Brazilian model ” of commercial farming in Africa and the persistence of peasant agriculture globally .
Despite what he knows to be the negative environmental impacts associated with the Brazilian model , Collier uses the term to underline his claim that capitalist industrial agriculture , introduced in the United States and now being perfected by Brazilian enterprises for developing country contexts , is the only viable future if one is talking about global food production keeping up with global population growth .
The peasantry is in the way of this necessary transformation .
Peasants , he says , are not entrepreneurs or innovators , being too concerned with their food security .
They would rather have jobs than be entrepreneurs , for which only a few people are fit .
The most capable of fitting the role of innovative entrepreneurs are commercial farming operations :
[ Re] luctant peasants are right : their mode of production is ill suited to modern agricultural production , in which scale is helpful .
In modern agriculture , technology is fast - evolving , investment is lumpy , the private provision of transportation infrastructure is necessary to counter the lack of its public provision , consumer food chains are fast - changing and best met by integrated marketing chains , and regulatory standards are rising toward the holy grail of traceability of produce back to its source .
In his dismissal of peasant agriculture , Collier is joined by many , including scholars otherwise sympathetic to the plight of the peasantry and rural workers such as Henry Bernstein , who claims that advocacy of the peasant way “ largely ignores issues of feeding the world ’s population , which has grown so greatly almost everywhere in the modern epoch , in significant part because of the revolution in productivity achieved by the development of capitalism . ”
Indeed , some progressives have already written off the peasantry , with the eminent Eric Hobsbawm declaring in his influential book The Age of Extremes that “ the death of the peasantry ” was “ the most dramatic and far - reaching social change of the second half of [ the twentieth ] century , ” one that cut “ us off forever from the world of the past . ”
The Brazilian agro-enterprise that Collier touts as the solution to the food crisis is a key element in a global agrifood system where the export - oriented production of meat and grain is dominated by large industrial farms with global supply chains like those run by the Thai multinational CP and where technology is continually upgraded by advances in genetic engineering from firms like Monsanto .
The global integration of production is accompanied by the elimination of tariff and non-tariff barriers to facilitate the creation of a global agricultural supermarket of elite and middle - class consumers serviced by grain - trading corporations like Cargill and Archer Daniels Midland and transnational food retailers like the British - owned Tesco and the French - owned Carrefour .
These processes of integration and liberalization are governed by multilateral superstructure , the centerpiece of which is the World Trade Organization .
According to Harriet Friedmann , the “ dominant tendency ” in the contemporary agrifood system
is toward distance and durability , the suppression of particularities of time and place in both agriculture and diets .
More rapidly and deeply than before , transnational agrifood capitals disconnect production from consumption and relink them through buying and selling .
They have created an integrated productive sector of the world economy , and peoples of the Third World have been incorporated or marginalized — often both simultaneously — as consumers and producers .
Indeed , there is little room for the hundreds of millions of rural and urban poor in this integrated global market .
They are confined to giant suburban favelas , where they have to contend with food prices that are often much higher than the supermarket prices , or to rural reservations , where they are trapped in marginal agricultural activities and are increasingly vulnerable to hunger .
In their deconstruction of World Development 2008 , Kjell Havnevik and his associates assert ( as noted above ) that , indeed , the World Bank ’s view of the future of Africa is one where agriculture is dominated by large - scale corporate agriculture while “ protected ” reserves are created where marginalized populations would eke out an existence based on smallholder and communal agriculture .
The bank does not see much of a future for this arrangement , as it is reminiscent of the Bantustans of apartheid - era South Africa .
These developments constitute not simply the erosion of national food self - sufficiency or food security but what some students of agricultural trends call “ de- peasantization ” — the phasing out of a mode of production to make the countryside a more congenial site for intensive capital accumulation .
This transformation has been a traumatic one for hundreds of millions of people , since peasant production is not simply an economic activity .
It is an ancient way of life , a culture , which is one reason displaced or marginalized peasants in India have taken to committing suicide .
In the state of Andhra Pradesh , farmer suicides rose from 233 in 1998 to 2,600 in 2002 ; in Maharashtra , suicides more than tripled , from 1,083 in 1995 to 3,926 in 2005 .
One estimate is that some 150,000 Indian farmers have taken their lives over the last few years , and global justice activist Vandana Shiva explains why : “ Under globalization , the farmer is losing her / his social , cultural , economic identity as a producer .
A farmer is now a ‘ consumer ’ of costly seeds and costly chemicals sold by powerful global corporations through powerful landlords and money lenders locally . ”
Resistance
Yet peasants have refused to go gently into that good night to which Collier and Hobsbawm — not to say Marx — would consign them .
Indeed , one year before Hobsbawm ’s book was published , in 1993 , La Vía Campesina was founded , and over the next decade this federation of peasants and small farmers would become an influential actor on the agriculture and trade scene globally .
The spirit of internationalism and active identification of one ’s class interests with the universal interest of society that was once a prominent feature of workers ’ movements is now on display in the international peasant movement .
Vía Campesina and its allies hotly dispute the inevitability of the hegemony of capitalist industrial agriculture , asserting that peasants and small farmers continue to be the backbone of global food production , constituting over a third of the world ’s population and two - thirds of the world ’s food producers .
Smallholders with farms of under two hectares make up the bulk of the rice produced by Asian small farmers .
The food price crisis , according to proponents of peasant and smallholder agriculture , is not due to the failure of peasant agriculture but to that of corporate agriculture .
They say that , despite the claims of its representatives that corporate agriculture is best at feeding the world , the creation of global production chains and global supermarkets , driven by the search for monopoly profits , has been accompanied by greater hunger , worse food , and greater agriculture - related environmental destabilization all around than at any other time in history .
Moreover , they assert that the superiority in terms of production of industrial capitalist agriculture is not sustained empirically .
Miguel Altieri and Clara Nicholls , for instance , point out , that although the conventional wisdom is that small farms are backward and unproductive , in fact , “ research shows that small farms are much more productive than large farms if total output is considered rather than yield from a single crop .
Small integrated farming systems that produce grains , fruits , vegetables , fodder , and animal products outproduce yield per unit of single crops such as corn ( monocultures ) on large - scale farms . ”
When one factors in the ecological destabilization that has accompanied the generalization of capitalist industrial agriculture , the balance of costs and benefits lurches sharply towards the negative .
For instance , in the United States , notes Daniel Imhoff ,
the average food item journeys some 1300 miles before becoming part of a meal .
Fruits and vegetables are refrigerated , waxed , colored , irradiated , fumigated , packaged , and shipped .
None of these processes enhances food quality but merely enables distribution over great distances and helps increase shelf life .
Industrial agriculture has created the absurd situation whereby “ between production , processing , distribution , and preparation , 10 calories of energy are required to create just one calorie of food energy . ”
Conversely , it is the ability to combine productivity and ecological sustainability that constitutes a key dimension of superiority of peasant or small - scale agriculture over industrial agriculture .
Contrary to assertions that peasant and small - farm agriculture is hostile to technological innovation , partisans of small - scale or peasant - based farming assert that technology is “ path dependent , ” that is , its development is conditioned by the mode of production in which it is embedded , so that technological innovation under peasant and small - scale farming would take different paths than innovation under capitalist industrial agriculture .
But partisans of the peasantry have not only engaged in a defense of the peasant or smallholder agriculture .
Vía Campesina and its allies have actually formulated an alternative to industrial capitalist agriculture , and one that looks to the future rather than to the past .
This is the paradigm of food sovereignty , the key propositions of which are discussed elsewhere in this collection .
The Conjuncture
To be fully understood , the global food price crisis of the last few years , which is essentially a crisis of production , must be seen as a critical juncture in the centuries - long process of displacement of peasant agriculture by capitalist agriculture .
Despite its dominance , capitalist agriculture never really managed to eliminate peasant and family farm - based agriculture , which has survived till now and continues to provide a substantial share of the food for the national population , particularly in the South .
Yet , even as capitalism seems poised to fully subjugate agriculture , its dysfunctional character is being fully revealed .
For it has not only condemned millions to marginalization but also imposed severe ecological costs , especially in the form of severe dependency on fossil fuels at all stages of its production process , from the manufacture of fertilizers , to the running of agricultural machinery , to the transportation of its products .
Indeed , even before the food price crisis and the larger global economic crisis of which it was a part , the legitimacy of capitalist industrial agriculture was eroding and resistance to it was rising , not only from the peasants and small farmers it was displacing but from consumers , environmentalists , health professionals , and many others who were disconcerted by the mixture of corporate greed , social insensitivity , and reckless science that increasingly marked its advance .
Now , with the collapse of the global economy , the integration of production and markets that has sustained the spread of industrial agriculture is going into reverse .
“ Deglobalization ” is in progress “ on almost every front , ” says the Economist , adopting a word coined by one of the authors nearly a decade ago .
The magazine , probably the most vociferous cheerleader of globalization , warns that the process depends on the belief of capitalist enterprises “ in the efficiency of global supply chains .
But like any chain , these are only as strong as their weakest link .
A danger point will come if firms decide that this way of organizing production has had its day . ”
The next few years — nay , months , given the speed with which the global economy is plunging into depression — will provide the answer .
As the capitalist mode of production enters its worst crisis since the 1930s , peasants and small farmers increasingly present a vision of autonomy , diversity , and cooperation that may just be the key elements of a necessary social and economic reorganization .
As environmental crises multiply , the social dysfunctions of urban industrial life pile up , and globalization drags the world to a global depression , the “ peasant ’s way ” has increasing relevance to broad numbers of people beyond the countryside .
Indeed , not only in the South but also in the North , there are increasing numbers who seek to escape the dependency on capital by reproducing the peasant condition , one where one works with nature from a limited resource base to create a condition of relative autonomy from the forces of capital and the market .
The emergence of urban agriculture , the creation of networks linking consumers to farmers within a given region , the rise of new militant movements for land — all this , according to Jan van der Ploeg , may point to a movement of “ repeasantization ” that has been created by the negative dynamics of global capitalism and empire and seeks to reverse them .
Under the conditions of the deep crisis of globalization , felt widely as a loss of autonomy , “ the peasant principle , with its focus on the construction of an autonomous and self governed resource base , clearly specifies the way forward . ”
Notes
In addition to a new version of Logic Studio , Apple has also announced a major upgrade to its suite of professional video and film editing tools known as Final Cut Studio , last updated two years ago .
Included in the suite is Final Cut Pro 7 , Motion 4 , Soundtrack Pro 3 , Color 1.5 , and Compressor 3.5 .
Unsurprisingly , DVD Studio Pro stays at version 4 .
The entire suite , which got over 100 new features , also got a $ 300 price drop .
Final Cut Server , used in larger production environments to manage assets and workflow , was also updated to version 1.5 .
Final Cut Pro 7 , the latest and greatest in non-linear editing , includes major updates to codec support .
Apple has extended its ProRes family of codecs , including a ProRes 422 Proxy format for remote editing .
Apple also added a ProRes 4444 format at the high - end for compositing , effects , and digital cinema work .
FCP 7 also has native AVC - Intra support for working in real - time with footage from the latest top- end Panasonic cameras , and optimized rendering for XDCAM HD , XDCAM EX , interlaced HDV , and interlaced XDCAM HD 422 .
FCP has a number of workflow improvements , including support for multitouch gestures for intuitive control .
Updated markers include color coding and can be used with multicam setups .
A new time code window , improved tabs , easy export options , and improved render management with background encoding all aid in smoothing and speeding up your workflow .
New iChat
Theater support even lets you collaborate remotely , even if your colleagues do n't have FCP .
Rounding out FCP is improved XML metadata support for footage that is round - tripped through third - party software , improved media management with an auto - import option , log and transfer improvements , and the included Cinema Tools 4.5 for digital cinema editing workflows , including DPX and 4 K support .
Motion 4 , Apple 's motion graphics suite that leverages Mac OS X's Core Image and Core Animation technologies , also got numerous upgrades .
In particular , Motion now sports a number of three - dimensional effects , including 3D shadows and reflections , depth - of - field control , and individual glyph adjustments .
A number of new text features are included , like easy credit rolls , new text generators , redesigned sequence text control , and new text sequence presets .
There are a handful of new shape improvements , including easier transforms , a rounding tool to soften sharp corners , and new concentric shape and spiral generators .
Motion now has improved animation and camera controls , additional filters , and easy export options .
Naturally , it now supports the new ProRes formats , including ProRes 4444 .
And , there are improved control options , including multitouch gesture support and compatibility with the 3 Dconnexion SpaceNavigator controller .
Soundtrack Pro 3 , the editing tool for adding music and sound effects to video sequences , received a number of editing improvements .
Voice - level matching , time stretching and compression with Apple and thrid - party algorithms , and noise reduction filtering all combine with an enhanced , more precise file editor and improved multi- track editing tools .
New commands speed up common editing tasks , along with additional keyboard shorts , and there 's also support for Euphonix control surfaces .
Quick Look support makes it easier to identify Soundtrack Pro projects via the Finder , and iXML support makes identifying and sorting audio recorded in the field .
Finally , Soundtrack Pro 3 is included with the new Logic Studio for easier collaboration between video and audio editors .
Color 1.5 mainly got vastly improved codec support .
In addition to the new Apple ProRes codecs — which make seamless round - tripping of most footage with FCP 7 possible — Color also now supports AVC - Intra , XDCAM HD 422 , and DPX natively for grading .
Color also supports 4 K files natively — such as those from the RED ONE — and can output to ProRes 4444 , DPX , or Cineon formats .
Cinema
Tools support allows quick editing in FCP with a ProRes proxy , and then relinking with original digital cinema files for color grading .
Apple is making an additional 90 preset color grades available via download for achieving quick , professional results in many cases .
Color also adds additional control surface support , including the newer , low - cost options from Tangent Devices and Euphonix .
Compressor 3.5 , along with the Qmaster cluster rendering application , has been streamlined with a number of batch templates , droplets , and straightforward presets .
Compressor also gained improved support for image sequences , which are often used in compositing and film workflows .
Enhanced networking improves distributed rendering , allowing Qmaster to be set up on any machine accessible from the current domain , instead of limiting to Bonjour - accessible sub - domains .
Along with settings that will create Blu-ray - ready H.264 files , though , is new capability to burn DVDs and Blu-ray discs directly from Compressor , along with simple menu templates .
This may explain why DVD Studio Pro has n't been updated will full Blu-ray support , but it still seems odd that Apple is willing to cede this market to third parties for more advanced authoring .
Besides Blu-ray licensing being a " bag of hurt , " it seems Apple is convinced that Blu-ray will be supplanted by online distribution quickly enough that it is n't worth investing in additional DVD Studio Pro development .
Even with the burning features , though , for those producing content for distribution on Blu-ray , Final Cut Studio is n't likely to be a complete solution .
Finally , Final Cut Server has been upgraded to version 1.5 .
The new version adds support for the new Apple ProRes codecs , with selectable proxy resolution , and supports offline editing with ProRes Proxy files .
New production hierarchies and global saved searches make finding the necessary footage for a particular project faster and easier .
Final Cut Server also supports Active Directory in addition to Open Direction for assigning permissions .
Support for audio file metadata and new developer extensions for importing and exporting metadata round out the new features .
As predicted in rumors earlier this year , the new Final Cut Studio is Intel only .
With an introduction just a few months before Snow Leopard is set to ship , though , it seems likely that interim upgrades to take advantage of 64 - bit compatibility and advanced performance possible with Snow Leopard will be coming after its introduction .
Final Cut Studio is available now for $ 999 , a $ 300 savings over the previous version .
Final Cut Server 1.5 is also available now for $ 999 , which supports unlimited clients .
Both applications can be upgraded from previous versions for $ 299 .
Further Reading :
Barnes & Noble Inc. took free Wi - Fi a step further this week by announcing that anybody can walk into one of its nearly 800 stores nationwide and surf the Net free for an unlimited time .
The bookseller paired the offer with its recent news of making 700,000 e-book titles available , including half a million that are in the public domain from Google Inc .
Barnes & Noble has been using AT&T Wi-Fi services since 2005 , but charged a fee until now , according to an AT&T spokeswoman .
AT&T wired broadband customers and some AT&T wireless customers also had free access at the bookstores .
Verizon announced earlier this week that many of its wired broadband customers on home - based DSL and FiOS services will have thousands of free Wi -Fi hotspots to use nationwide .
Verizon is using access points from Boingo Wireless .
AT&T noted that it has maintained more than 20,000 hotspots nationwide since last year , handling nearly 15 million connections in the second quarter for a total of 25 million for the first half of the year .
Half of the second - quarter connections were from smartphones , including the iPhone , AT&T said .
Applying the C++ BOOST Library in Computational Finance
Note
These pages are fairly old but kept for reference .
Daniel J. Duffy published books on the Boost libraries .
We are offering consulting services related Boost C++ libraries , please get in touch with us on webs@bnikolic.co.uk .
This is a white - paper which Daniel J. Duffy and myself are writing on the use of the BOOST collection of libraries in computational finance .
The motivation for this paper is the observation that although C++ now is the standard tool for use in production systems in the field , there are very few standard , widely used C++ libraries .
BOOST is the best candidate for such a library and learning and applying to your systems is likely to give significant benefits .
The white paper is still a work in progress , but as they are completed , I will be posting below the draft sections .
Any comments or enquiries welcome at the address at the bottom of the page .
" In August 1969 , Ken Thompson , a programmer at AT&T subsidiary Bell Laboratories , saw the month - long departure of his wife and young son as an opportunity to put his ideas for a new operating system into practice .
He wrote the first version of Unix in assembly language for a wimpy Digital Equipment Corp. ( DEC ) PDP - 7 minicomputer , spending one week each on the operating system , a shell , an editor and an assembler .
" Thompson and a colleague , Dennis Ritchie , had been feeling adrift since Bell Labs had withdrawn earlier in the year from a troubled project to develop a time - sharing system called Multics ( Multiplexed Information and Computing Service ) .
They had no desire to stick with any of the batch operating systems that predominated at the time , nor did they want to reinvent Multics , which they saw as grotesque and unwieldy . "
ZITACUARO , Mexico - Back when President Felipe Calder�n first dispatched army troops to quell drug violence in December 2006 , Mexico 's criminal landscape was fairly clear :
There were four main cartels , each with its own turf , and they fought mostly among themselves .
But nearly three years into the crackdown , new armed groups are springing up as the heightened attention has forced old cartels to splinter and evolve .
The nascent cartels are ruthless , skilled in military tactics , adept at psychological warfare and eager to expand beyond drug smuggling into other criminal enterprises including extortion , kidnappings for ransom and even software piracy .
" Instead of wiping out organized crime , they 've just made it more fragmented , " said Guillermo Zepeda , a criminal - justice professor at the Western Institute of Technology and Advanced Studies in Guadalajara .
The most dangerous , according to the Mexican government , is La Familia Michoacana , which has flourished in the very place the crackdown began , the central state of Michoacan .
But other new threats are rising fast : the Beltran Leyva gang , the Zetas , the Negros and Pelones , the Lynxes and a host of regional gangs .
The tenacity of organized crime in Mexico bodes badly for the United States , which is about to step up its involvement by sending police trainers , helicopters and $ 1.4 billion to help with the fight against drugs , said Ren� Jim�nez Ornelas , a crime expert at the National Autonomous University of Mexico .
" I look at Iraq and its consequences for the United States , and I see a similar black hole forming around this ( anti- drug ) strategy , " Jim�nez said .
" It 's not producing results . "
Evolving enemy
Three years ago , there were four main gangs supplying the United States with cocaine , heroin , methamphetamine and marijuana .
The Tijuana Cartel , also known as the Arellano - Felix Gang , controlled the California corridor .
The Sinaloa Cartel , also known as the Pacific Cartel , grew marijuana and opium poppies , the raw ingredient of heroin .
It also controlled routes through the deserts of Sonora and Arizona .
The Ju�rez Cartel handled routes through western Texas , and the Gulf Cartel operated along Mexico 's east coast .
The Sinaloa and Ju�rez cartels were allies .
The geographic divisions kept violence mostly in check , according to a report in May by the U.S. Congressional Research Service .
Any killings were mostly between drug dealers .
Ajustes de cuenta , or account settling , was usually low - key : Someone just disappeared , never to be seen again .
Running gunbattles in the streets were bad for business .
Decapitations were nearly unheard of .
But the government crackdown has forced a reorganization .
The Tijuana gang has been weakened by the arrests and killings of its leaders .
The Gulf Cartel now picks up cocaine shipments on the Pacific Coast .
The alliance between the Sinaloa and Ju�rez cartels collapsed in 2008 .
" What was once a bi- polar competition between the powerful Gulf Cartel and the Sinaloa federation has been transformed by the government 's anti-crime initiatives into significant inter-cartel and intra-cartel violence , " the Congressional Research Service report said .
Increased security along the border means the gangs are now fighting over narrower and narrower corridors through the wilderness .
The gangs control these plazas , or areas of influence , by sowing terror with gruesome acts that increasingly involve civilians .
Drug -related murders rose from 2,275 in 2007 to 5,207 in 2008 , according to an unofficial tally by the Reforma newspaper .
The 2009 toll stood at 3,757 as of Aug. 17 .
Of those , 104 victims had been decapitated , and 306 showed signs of torture .
U.S. assesses threat
The splintering of the cartels has led to violence bordering on terrorism , the U.S. State Department says .
This month , it warned American travelers to avoid travel to parts of Michoacan and Chihuahua states as more civilians get caught in the bloodshed .
" Criminal gangs are now often in the control of more erratic and violent subordinates , leading to more killings and less predictable behavior , " the department said in its 2009 report on drug strategy .
" Trafficking organizations have also been effective at utilizing violence as a psychological weapon , intimidating political leaders , rival groups , and the general public . "
On April 15 , President Barack Obama added La Familia and the Zetas , a crime syndicate that recently broke away from the Gulf Cartel , to the U.S. list of international drug - trafficking organizations .
Moving in
La Familia Michoacana is the most brazen of the new groups , actively stalking and killing police and soldiers , the Mexican government says .
" The Familia Michoacana cartel is characterized by its virulence , " Monte Alejandro Rubido , an adviser on Calder�n 's National Security Council , told reporters last month .
" It is , we believe , the cartel that combats authorities with the most belligerence . "
La Familia 's many side activities have allowed it to flourish even as drug smuggling gets harder because of increased U.S. border security .
The group 's arrival in Zitacuaro , a city of 79,000 in Michoacan , was typical of the gang 's modus operandi , Zepeda said .
First , it took over drug peddling .
Then it began demanding protection money from bars and nightclubs .
Then it moved to counterfeiting of DVDs .
Soon bodies were showing up with increasingly regularity in the ravine under the old iron bridge , a local landmark .
A pair of severed heads appeared outside a car dealership .
On July 3 , police acting on an anonymous tip found four bodies buried behind a house outside Zitacuaro and another body dressed in military fatigues upstairs .
The violence has stunned Zitacuaro .
The city 70 miles west of Mexico City is known mainly as a destination for migrating monarch butterflies .
" We used to be famous for butterflies .
Now we 're famous for murder , " said Rafael Arriaga , an 84 - year - old retired carpenter .
Federal prosecutors say La Familia also has moved quickly to corrupt politicians .
On May 26 , federal agents arrested 10 Michoacan mayors , including Zitacuaro Mayor Juan Antonio Ixtlahuac , on charges of protecting the group .
Terrorist attacks
On July 11 and 12 , the gang showed the extent of its power , launching 15 coordinated attacks on police stations and officers in eight cities across three states , including an assault in Zitacuaro .
In the worst attack , gunmen hijacked a bus carrying 12 federal police officers and killed them all .
The attacks followed the arrest of one of La Familia 's leaders , Arnoldo Rueda Medina .
A recording taken by a traffic camera in Zitacuaro showed the speed and military precision of these attacks .
The gunmen arrive outside the city 's federal police station in two sport- utility vehicles , hurl a hand grenade at the building , and then crouch in the street , raking the building with combat rifles and grenade launchers for exactly 90 seconds .
The gunmen then box in a stray police cruiser and shower it with bullets , killing the three officers inside , before driving away .
The entire attack took two minutes and represented perhaps the most well - coordinated cartel strike in a country that has seen its share of spectacular gang shootouts .
To stamp out La Familia and the rest of the multiplying cartels , Mexico 's Public Safety Secretariat is building a network of regional command centers for the federal police .
The aim is to be able to reach any point in Mexico by helicopter within minutes , the government says .
But much of the blame for the current anarchy lies with local police and prosecutors , not federal authorities , said Zepeda , the criminal - justice professor .
Local police have a better idea of who the drug traffickers are , where the drugs are moved and even where the bad guys may live .
But they are either corrupt , scared to act or in over their heads , said Elena Azaola , an expert on crime at Mexico 's Center for Research and Advanced Studies in Social Anthropology .
" They 're not investigating these killings , finding out who are the responsible people and what is the reason , " Azaola said .
The Mexican government says it is working to professionalize the police forces .
The U.S. aid package has earmarked millions of dollars for forensic laboratories , satellite communications gear and computer systems to help prosecutors assemble court cases .
The government also says it is trying to purge corrupt local police officers .
But it is targeting federal agencies first .
On Aug. 15 , for example , it fired all 700 customs inspectors at Mexico 's airports and border crossings and replaced them with better - educated agents who had undergone psychological and criminal background checks .
Some recent arrests
The government also has chalked up some recent victories with the arrest of suspected La Familia leaders Rueda on July 5 and Miguel Angel " The Truck " Beraza Villa on Aug. 2 .
On Aug. 23 , the army said it had arrested Luis Ricardo Magana on charges of being the main coordinator for La Familia 's methamphetamine shipments to the United States .
Calder�n has urged Mexicans to be patient .
" The final victory in a problem so big , with roots so deep , with trunks so aged and rooted in the life of the country , cultivated over years and decades , may take a long time , " he said in a speech on Aug .
7 .
But many Mexicans are starting to wonder if they 'll ever be rid of the drug gangs .
" There 's no work here , and so people turn to crime , " said Maria Guadalupe Rodriguez , a 53 - year - old shoe - shiner in Zitacuaro 's main plaza .
" You get rid of one group , and another just pops up . "
Reporter Sergio Solache contributed to this article .
Reach the reporter at chris.hawley@arizonarepublic.com
Intelligence sharing and military cooperation have begun to increase between Pakistan and the United States , according to American officials , who say their efforts to cultivate key leaders in Islamabad may be beginning to pay dividends .
Pakistan , they say , has stepped up its cooperation along its border with Afghanistan for the first time in recent years , informing Afghanistan and the U.S. about operations it is conducting and seeking a coordinated response to trap Islamist militants .
Pakistani officials have also been providing intelligence help in the search for a U.S. soldier captured by Taliban militants in eastern Afghanistan .
The United States , meanwhile , has been sharing information with Pakistani officials on the results of American military drone flights aimed at collecting intelligence over insurgent - heavy areas of their country .
“ The cooperation is the best I have ever seen it , and I have seen a lot , ” said a high - ranking U.S. government official .
Advertisement
The moves come at a time when the Pakistani military has increased its efforts against local insurgents , and gained confidence with a series of successful operations .
Islamabad had long been reluctant to turn its attention from rival India to deal with the threat of Taliban and Al Qaeda forces in districts near the border with Afghanistan .
But this year , the army began a three - month counterinsurgency campaign in the Swat Valley , less than 100 miles from the Pakistani capital , aimed at driving out Taliban militants who had taken over the area .
“ The Pakistanis have , for the last three months , been fighting hard , ” a senior American defense official said .
Both officials spoke on the condition of anonymity when discussing sensitive intelligence - sharing matters .
Across the border , Army Col. Kevin Fagedes , who oversees training of Afghan security forces , has said cooperation is increasing in the three eastern border provinces where he works .
Previously , Fagedes said , the Pakistanis would make contact with Afghan forces or American trainers only after an incident had occurred , to discuss the aftermath .
But three times in recent weeks , they have discussed and coordinated operations in advance , he said , asking Afghan forces to prevent militants from escaping .
Advertisement
“ I see great progress coming in the next six months , ” Fagedes said .
“ The spirit of cooperation is out there .
The Pakistanis have had very good success at what they are doing .
. . .
Everyone is starting to consider what is occurring on the other side of the border when they do operations . ”
Much of the increased cooperation may be due to a much broader acceptance among the Pakistani public that militants represent a serious threat to the country .
The military ’s recent success in Swat has also helped .
Still , the relationship between Washington and Islamabad remains tricky .
U.S. officials are continuing to gently press Pakistan to accept more American trainers to improve their counterinsurgency operations .
And though intelligence sharing between Islamabad and Washington may be improving , political relations remain complex and fragile .
Pakistani leaders continue to publicly denounce U.S. unmanned drone attacks on militant targets in the country ’s tribal areas , in part because the attacks remain extremely unpopular with the Pakistani public .
The attacks have killed suspected militants , but they have also caused civilian casualties , angering those who already view the missions as violations of their country ’s sovereignty .
Advertisement
Moreover , some Pakistani leaders have expressed concerns about the latest U.S. offensive in Afghanistan ’s Helmand province .
Islamabad believes the American push into Helmand will force Taliban militants into Pakistan , particularly Baluchistan province , where Pakistani authorities are struggling to suppress a separatist movement .
U.S. officials have also pushed for the Pakistani army to take on Baitullah Mahsud , a militant commander believed responsible for suicide attacks across Pakistan .
Although the Pakistani army has not begun a large - scale assault against Taliban militants in the South Waziristan region , a senior U.S. defense official said he was pleased with the preliminary “ shaping ” operations against Mahsud .
Mahsud is the leader of a Taliban - affiliated group and is described as one of the “ odious and dangerous people ” in the region by Richard C. Holbrooke , the special U.S. envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Advertisement
American officials differ on the value of the intelligence Pakistan has shared on Pfc. Bowe R. Bergdahl , who was captured June 30 .
One senior defense official who acknowledged that Islamabad had provided intelligence cautioned against overstating its value .
Another said the information had been important to American forces searching for Bergdahl .
“ They have been helpful , ” the U.S. government official said .
“ They have been very , very helpful . ”
Neither official would describe the nature of the assistance because the search for the soldier is continuing .
Advertisement
The government official said intelligence sharing between the U.S. and Pakistan could still be significantly expanded .
And U.S. officials hope to persuade Islamabad to quietly expand the training program .
But they remain hopeful that the partnership will expand .
“ As long as we continue to listen to them and continue to develop a strong relationship , they will accept the things we are trying to provide and are providing , ” the government official said .
“ The prospects of them giving more is better every day . ”
One sticking point for some American officials is the matter of border control centers , facilities to coordinate efforts among the various military forces .
All of them are on the Afghan side of the border , and some U.S. officials want Pakistan to pledge to opening a center on its side as a sign of its commitment .
But other officials said the location of the centers is not important because a joint center is doing most of the heavy lifting of intelligence sharing .
Advertisement
“ We are slowly but steadily building additional border control centers , and they just take time , ” the senior defense official said .
The government official agreed that the border control centers were not tactically crucial to securing the border .
But they are important in trying to encourage the Pakistanis to forge a closer relationship with the Afghans .
“ The border control centers are not about tactics , they are about strong strategic relationships , ” the government official said .
“ And I would like to see the Afghan and Pakistan military develop a more cooperative relationship , not just border control . ”
Army Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , said he was committed to strengthening U.S. - Pakistani cooperation both through confidence - building measures and concrete initiatives such as the centers .
Advertisement
“ We have to do as many as we can , we have to make them as effective as we can and keep building on that , ” McChrystal said .
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
Times staff writer Alex Rodriguez in Islamabad contributed to this report .
Dutch voters gave a populist , anti-immigrant party its first four seats ever in the European Parliament , sending a warning to incumbent European governments , according to exit polls .
The triumph for the Party for Freedom and its leader Geert Wilders kicked off four days of European Union - wide elections involving more than 12,000 candidates competing for more than 730 seats .
Mr ....
Schumacher , now 40 , is a seven - time world Formula 1 champion
Seven - time Formula 1 champion Michael Schumacher has abandoned his comeback with Ferrari because of a neck injury .
The 40 - year - old , who retired at the end of 2006 , was set to deputise for the injured Felipe Massa at the European Grand Prix in Valencia on 23 August .
" Unfortunately we did not manage to get a grip on the pain in the neck which occurred after the private F1 - day in Mugello , " Schumacher told his website .
Veteran Ferrari test driver Luca Badoer will now stand in for Massa .
Schumacher aggravated a neck injury , suffered in a bike accident in February , whilst trying out a 2007 F1 car as he set about making his comeback .
But the 40 - year - old German revealed : " The consequences of the injuries caused by the bike accident , fractures in the area of head and neck , unfortunately have turned out to be still too severe .
Since I was a child I 've always wanted to race for Ferrari and now I 've got the possibility to make this desire come true
Luca Badoer
" That is why my neck cannot stand the extreme stresses caused by F1 yet .
These are the clear results of the examinations we did on the course of the past two weeks and the final examination on Monday afternoon .
" As there were no improvements after the day in Mugello , I decided at short notice on Sunday to do that thorough examination on Monday . "
A strong neck is crucial to F1 drivers who face punishing G - forces , and Schumacher contacted Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo and team boss Stefano Domenicali on Monday evening to tell them he had lost his fitness battle .
" I 'm very sorry about the problem that will stop Michael returning to racing , " said Montezemolo .
" His return would surely have done Formula 1 good and I 'm certain we'd have seen him fighting for victory again .
" I want to thank him in the name of Ferrari and all the fans for the attachment to the team he has shown in these circumstances . "
With little time to find a replacement for Massa , who is recovering at home in Brazil , from the serious head injuries he suffered during qualifying for the Hungarian GP , Ferrari have named Badoer as Kimi Raikkonen 's team - mate in Valencia .
After a decade as a test driver for the team the 38 - year - old Italian is himself returning to racing after a long absence - and is confident that he will not let Ferrari down .
" I have prepared myself to be ready under any circumstances just as I 've been doing in previous years , " Badoer told the Ferrari website .
" I 've been in this business for quite a while .
After Felipe 's accident ( in Hungary last month ) I intensified my programme and I 'm sure I wo n't have any problems . "
But Badoer , who tuned his racing abilities by karting with Schumacher in Italy last week , does not bring the German 's level of experience and abilities .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He started 49 races for Scuderia Italia , Minardi and Forti between 1993 and 1999 without scoring a point .
His last competitive drive saw him qualify last and retire early from the 1999 Japanese Grand Prix .
Badoer also holds the dubious record for the most GP starts without collecting a single point .
" Since I was a child I 've always wanted to race for Ferrari and now I 've got the possibility to make this desire come true , " added Badoer .
" I 'm really sorry for Michael because I know how much he wanted to return .
I 'm saying that as his friend and his fan .
" I know he 'll always be ready to give me advice . "
Schumacher won five world championships with Ferrari and had been working as a consultant for the Italian team before his decision to come out of retirement to stand in for Massa .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The German , who claimed his other two drivers ' crowns with Benetton , has started 249 grands prix , winning a record 91 of them .
His return was eagerly anticipated but , despite trying everything ' medically or therapeutically ' possible , he has had to admit defeat .
" I am disappointed to the core , " he said .
" I am awfully sorry for the guys of Ferrari and for all the fans which crossed fingers for me .
" I can only repeat that I tried everything that was within my power .
All I can do now is to keep my fingers crossed for the whole team for the coming races . "
While the rest of the F1 drivers were enjoying their mid-season break , Schumacher had embarked on a rigorous training regime , resulting in him losing more than six pounds in weight before calling off his return .
But former F1 driver Johnny Herbert said that even an intensive period of preparation may not have been enough for Schumacher to cope with the 2009 specification cars .
606 : DEBATE
Absolutely gutted
Paolo of Essex " The cars are so awesomely quick and I think his body would have struggled a bit more than he thought , " Herbert told BBC Sport .
" If he had kept going up until the age of 40 and then he had retired he would have got straight back into it .
" The interesting factor would have been to have seen what speeds Michael could have reached .
It may have been the speed we all know from his successful years but I think it would have been more difficult than that because things have moved on . "
Radio 5 live commentator David Croft added : " It 's hugely disappointing .
" The F1 world was very much looking forward to seeing Michael Schumacher locking horns with Lewis Hamilton , Jenson Button , Kimi Raikkonen and Fernando Alonso .
" But it 's hardly surprising .
The g - forces that your neck muscles particularly are exposed to in a modern - day F1 car can take their toll and give you severe punishment during the course of a race .
" If you are not 100 % fit , there 's no way you can think about driving one of these cars .
" I do n't expect Badoer to be in the points or troubling the leaders when he gets to Valencia next week . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From Wiki
edit ] Schedule
Talks are scheduled from 10:00 to 14:00 and from 18:00 to 21:00 local time ( GMT+2 ) on most days .
Full schedule :
edit ] Downloads
The videos are published at http://meetings-archive.debian.net/pub/debian-meetings/2009/debconf9/
All videos are available in high bandwidth ( 1500 kbit/s , full resolution ) and low bandwidth ( 300 kbit/s , reduced resolution ) versions .
edit ] Feedback
If you have an pentabarf account , you can give feedback to the speakers and the organizers .
If you like ( d ) the streams , please say thanks !
There are many ways to rip a DVD to your computer , but if you ’re looking for the most straightforward option , VLC is easy and free .
Besides , you probably already have VLC on your computer ( and if you do n’t , you should ) .
Here , we ’ll show you the quick and easy way to rip DVDs to your computer using VLC .
RELATED : How to Decrypt and Rip DVDs With Handbrake
It ’s worth noting right off the bat that ripping with VLC comes with a few trade - offs .
It does n’t have as many controls for choosing exactly the right format or adjusting the quality of your rip to save storage space .
You can fiddle with it a little , but you ’ll have a harder time than you would with an app like Handbrake .
However , apps like Handbrake are a bit more complicated , and require you to download extra software , so if you just want to get that movie on your computer , and do n’t care about quality settings , this is a decent free route .
Ripping a DVD Using VLC
To get started , load up the DVD you want to rip and start up VLC .
Then , under Media , click on Convert / Save .
The Open Media window will appear and you want to click on the the Disc tab .
Check the DVD box , and make sure that the “ Disc Device ” field points to your DVD drive .
Click the Convert / Save button to rip the DVD .
You may also want to select “ No disc menus ” here , since VLC can occasionally get tripped up trying to convert a looping video menu .
There are a few other settings here you can tweak , too .
Under Starting Position , you can choose which title and chapter you want to rip .
If you ’re interested in ripping special features , or just part of the movie , you can change these settings , but if you just want the movie , you can leave this at the default .
Under Audio and Subtitles , you can similarly choose which audio and subtitle track you want to rip .
If you ’d prefer to grab a language other than the default or include embedded subtitles , you can choose them here .
To change any of these four settings , type in the number of the track , title , or chapter you want to start with .
You may need to do some trial and error to figure out which track is the one you want .
Once you click Convert , you can choose what type of codec and container you want to use to encode your rip .
By default , VLC will choose an H.264 video codec , MP3 audio format , in an MP4 container .
This preset should work for any DVD , but if you want to change anything , click the Tools icon to the left of the Profile drop down box .
When you ’re satisfied with your profile choice ( or if you want to stick with the default ) , click Browse to pick a name and location for your file .
Pick where you want to output your video file , then give it a name .
At the end , be sure to include the file extension ( in this case , .mp4 ) .
If you do n’t include this , VLC wo n’t rip the movie properly .
When you ’re done , click Save .
Back on the Convert screen , click Start to begin ripping the movie .
Once it begins , you can see a progress bar along the bottom .
Technically , VLC is “ streaming ” the video to a file on your hard drive , so it will take the entire runtime of the movie to rip it .
Once the movie is done ( or if you want to stop it early ) , click the Stop button .
As we said earlier , this is n’t the most robust way to rip a DVD , but if you just need to do a quick rip with the tools you already have on your computer and do n’t need to fiddle with codecs or video quality — and do n’t want to pay for a better ripping tool — VLC can do it just fine .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Violence in China 's restive western region of Xinjiang has left at least 156 people dead and more than 800 people injured , state media say .
Several hundred people were arrested after a protest , in the city of Urumqi on Sunday , turned violent .
Beijing says
Uighurs went on the rampage but one exiled Uighur leader says police fired on students .
The protest was reportedly prompted by a deadly fight between Uighurs and Han Chinese in southern China last month .
The BBC's Chris Hogg says the violence is some of the worst reported in the country since Tiananmen Square in 1989 .
' Dark day ' Eyewitnesses said the violence started on Sunday in Urumqi after a protest of a few hundred people grew to more than 1,000 .
Xinhua says the protesters carried knives , bricks and batons , smashed cars and stores , and fought with security forces .
Wu Nong , news director for the Xinjiang government , said more than 260 vehicles were attacked and more than 200 shops and houses damaged .
Most of the violence is reported to have taken place in the city centre , around Renmin ( People 's ) Square , Jiefang and Xinhua South Roads and the Bazaar .
See detailed map of Urumqi city centre
The police presence was reported to be heavy on Monday .
Adam Grode , an American studying in Urumqi , told Associated Press : " There are soldiers everywhere , police are at all the corners .
Traffic has completely stopped . "
UIGHURS AND XINJIANG
Uighurs are ethnically Turkic Muslims
They make up about 45 % of the region 's population .
40 % are Han Chinese China re-established control in 1949 after crushing short - lived state of East Turkestan Since then , large - scale immigration of Han Chinese Uighurs fear erosion of traditional culture Sporadic violence since 1991 Attack on 4 Aug 2008 near Kashgar kills 16 Chinese policemen
In pictures : Xinjiang protests Q&A : China and the Uighurs China tells its own story Accounts of Xinjiang violence A witness in the Xinjiang city of Kashgar told AP there was a protest there on Monday of about 300 people but there were no clashes with police .
It is still unclear who died in Urumqi and why so many were killed .
The Xinjiang government blamed separatist Uighurs based abroad for orchestrating attacks on ethnic Han Chinese .
But Uighur groups insisted their protest was peaceful and had fallen victim to state violence , with police firing indiscriminately on protesters in Urumqi .
Dolkun Isa , a spokesman for the World Uyghur Congress ( WUC ) in Munich , disputed the official figures , saying the protest was 10,000 strong and that 600 people were killed .
He rejected reports on Xinhua that it had instigated the protests .
Xinhua had quoted the Xinjiang government as blaming WUC leader Rebiya Kadeer for " masterminding " the violence .
But Mr Isa said the WUC had called on Friday only for protests at Chinese embassies around the world .
More than 260 vehicles were destroyed in Urumqi , officials said Alim Seytoff , the vice - president of another Uighur group - the US - based Uighur American Association - condemned the " heavy - handed " actions of the security forces .
" We ask the international community to condemn China 's killing of innocent Uighurs .
This is a very dark day in the history of the Uighur people , " he said .
When asked about the rioting , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said that all governments must protect freedom of speech and " the life and safety of civilian populations " .
A spokesman for UK PM Gordon Brown said Britain was urging " restraint on all sides " .
Italian President Giorgio Napolitano said he had raised the issue of human rights with visiting Chinese President Hu Jintao in Rome .
Internet blocks
The Uighurs in Urumqi were reportedly angry over an ethnic clash last month in the city of Shaoguan in southern Guangdong province .
A man there was said to have posted a message on a local website claiming six boys from Xinjiang had " raped two innocent girls " .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Police said the false claim sparked a vicious brawl between Han and Uighur ethnic groups at a factory .
Two Uighurs were killed and 118 people were injured .
BBC sources in China report they have been unable to open the Twitter messaging site in Shanghai and that message boards on Xinjiang on a number of websites were not taking posts .
Reports from Xinjiang suggest some internet and mobile phone services have been blocked .
Analysts say the government 's so - called Great Firewall of China , which it uses to block unwanted internet material , will prevent large - scale dissemination of information but that dedicated internet users can bypass it fairly easily .
BBC China editor Shirong
Chen says there has been ethnic tension in Xinjiang since before the founding of the People 's Republic .
Some of its Uighur population of about eight million want to break away from China and its majority Han Chinese population .
The authorities say police are securing order across the region and anyone creating a disturbance will be detained and punished .
However , our China editor says there may be questions asked about their inability to prevent a protest they knew about days in advance .
Return to story 14 July 2009 :
This article has been amended to remove an audio track that contained misleading information about the protests .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The first coup d’etat in Central America in more than a quarter - century occurred last Sunday in Honduras .
Honduran soldiers roused democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya from his bed and flew him into exile in Costa Rica .
The coup , led by the Honduran Gen. Romeo Vasquez , has been condemned by the United States , the European Union , the United Nations , the Organization of American States and all of Honduras ’ immediate national neighbors .
Mass protests have erupted on the streets of Honduras , with reports that elements in the military loyal to Zelaya are rebelling against the coup .
The United States has a long history of domination in the hemisphere .
President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton can chart a new course , away from the dark days of military dictatorship , repression and murder .
Obama indicated such a direction when he spoke in April at the Summit of the Americas : “ [ A ]t times we sought to dictate our terms .
But I pledge to you that we seek an equal partnership .
There is no senior partner and junior partner in our relations . ”
Two who know well the history of dictated U.S. terms are Dr. Juan Almendares , a medical doctor and award - winning human rights activist in Honduras , and the American clergyman Father Roy Bourgeois , a priest who for years has fought to close the U.S. Army ’s School of the Americas ( SOA ) at Fort Benning , Ga. Both men link the coup in Honduras to the SOA .
The SOA , renamed in 2000 the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation ( WHINSEC ) , is the U.S. military facility that trains Latin American soldiers .
The SOA has trained more than 60,000 soldiers , many of whom have returned home and committed human rights abuses , torture , extrajudicial execution and massacres .
Almendares , targeted by Honduran death squads and the military , has been the victim of that training .
He talked to me from Tegucigalpa , the Honduran capital : “ Most of this military have been trained by the School of America . …
They have been guardians of the multinational business from the United States or from other countries . …
The army in Honduras has links with very powerful people , very rich , wealthy people who keep the poverty in the country .
We are occupied by your country . ”
Born in Louisiana , Bourgeois became a Catholic priest in 1972 .
He worked in Bolivia and was forced out by the ( SOA - trained ) dictator Gen. Hugo Banzer .
The assassination of Archbishop Oscar Romero and the murders of four Catholic churchwomen in El Salvador in 1980 led him to protest where some of the killers were trained : Fort Benning ’s SOA .
After six Jesuit priests , their housekeeper and her daughter were murdered in El Salvador in 1989 , Bourgeois founded SOA Watch and has built an international movement to close the SOA .
Honduran coup leader Vasquez attended the SOA in 1976 and 1984 .
Air Force Gen. Luis Javier Prince Suazo , who also participated in the coup , was trained at the SOA in 1996 .
Bourgeois ’ SOA
Watch office is just yards from the Fort Benning gates .
He has been frustrated in recent years by increased secrecy at SOA / WHINSEC .
He told me : “ They are trying to present the school as one of democracy and transparency , but we are not able to get the names of those trained here — for over five years .
However , there was a little sign of hope when the U.S.
House approved an amendment to the defense authorization bill last week that would force the school to release names and ranks of people who train here . ”
The amendment still has to make it through the House - Senate conference committee .
Bourgeois speaks with the same urgency that he has for decades .
His voice is well known at Fort Benning , where he was first arrested more than 25 years ago when he climbed a tree at night near the barracks of Salvadoran soldiers who were training there at the time .
Bourgeois blasted a recording of the voice of Romero in his last address before he was assassinated .
The archbishop was speaking directly to Salvadoran soldiers in his country : “ In the name of God , in the name of this suffering people whose cry rises to heaven more loudly each day , I implore you , I beg you , I order you : Stop the repression . ”
Almost 30 years later , in a country bordering Romero ’s El Salvador , the U.S. has a chance to change course and support the democratic institutions of Honduras .
Undo the coup .
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on more than 750 stations in North America .
She is the co-author of “ Standing Up to the Madness : Ordinary Heroes in Extraordinary Times , ” recently released in paperback .
© 2009 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
Probably the best cat blog in the world .
This is my book store
Some of my favourite books are
The Power of Habit - Charles Duhigg
And Then There Were None - Agatha Christie
If Tomorrow Comes - Sidney Sheldon
Change user
Get better with every email
As soon as your email hits inboxes , you ’ll get the exact information you need to make the most of every campaign .
Check analytics at a glance to see what works best .
Then apply those insights to future campaigns to make decisions that truly move the needle .
Litmus makes it easier than ever to improve segmentation and personalization with every email you send .
Learn More
‘ American Solutions for Winning the Future ’ scaring Americans into action ?
[ social_buttons ]
With all signs pointing to a Friday vote in the House of Representatives on the Waxman - Markey climate bill , the right - wing political action committee behind the “ Drill here , drill now , pay less ” campaign of last summer , yesterday launched a last - ditch effort to block climate change legislation by scaring the crap out of you .
The ad , produced by the group American Solutions for Winning the Future , urges you to contact your Representative to tell them how scared you are of the devastating economic impacts of climate and energy legislation .
The new commercial was released on the heals of a Congressional Budget Office report that found the annual cost of the Waxman - Markey climate bill would be an average of $ 175 per household — far less than previous GOP cost estimates .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/3bkqWaKZVTY&hl=en&fs=1&color1=0x234900&color2=0x4e9e00]
Led by former Republican Speaker of the House , Newt Gingrich , American Solutions for Winning the Future is no garden variety political organization .
Financed by a host of high - profile billionaire - backers including Casino Kingpin and third richest person in America , Sheldon Adelson ; co-founder of PayPal and staunch libertarian Peter Thiel ; Cincinatti businessman and second - biggest contributor to the GOP , Dick Farmer , and ; textile magnate and patron of right - wing causes for almost 50 years , Roger Milliken , the organization has emerged as one of the most powerful and , perhaps , reactionary PACs on the American political landscape .
Well at least I did n't e-mail you all this crap , right !?
by Ben Cohen
Media Matters on the Conservative media feeding the lunatic fringe obsessed with Barack Obama 's birth certificate :
It 's easy to dismiss this as meaningless nonsense , but as the economy plunges downward and unemployment rises , we 're going to hear a lot more of this bile in the coming months .
All reputable media institutions should dismiss the phenomenon , and refuse to report on it , because frankly , it 's unpatriotic and completely racist .
About a year ago , my roommate started a little DNA analysis journal club here at Berkeley .
It was just meant to be a group of like - minded students discussing recent advances in analytical DNA technologies .
He tried creating a Google group for that club , not expecting the fairly judgmental response he received …
Note that Google ’s skilled text parser caught our hidden innuendo :
This group name is not suitable .
You can not include the text “ anal ” in the group name .
This is particularly amusing considering Google ’s close ties with a certain consumer genetics company in the bay area .
We ended up going with “ DNA Journal Group ” instead .
Thanks for keeping it clean , Google !
The stimulus for this mill town turned artist ’s colony arrived in the form of green bills bearing sketches of herons , turtles and trees .
A few dozen local businesses banded together this spring to distribute the Plenty -- a local currency intended to replace the dollar .
Now 15,000
Plenties are in circulation here , used everywhere from the organic food co-op to the feed store to , starting this month , the Piggly Wiggly supermarket .
Last popularized during the Great Depression , scrip , or locally created stand - ins for U.S. currency , is making a comeback .
Pittsboro , population 2,500 , is one of a handful of communities that launched its own money in recent months .
It reports an avalanche of calls from other communities that have lost faith in the global financial system .
“ The Plenty is not going to get siphoned off to Wall Street , or Washington , or make a stop in Bentonville on its way to China , ” said B.J. Lawson , a software entrepreneur who is president of the board of the Plenty cooperative .
“ It gives us self - reliance . ”
Advertisement
Over the last two decades , a few communities have created their own cash in an effort to preserve local ties or businesses .
These whimsically named bills -- such as the “ BerkShare ” or the “ Cheer ” -- can be spent at neighborhood merchants , who then can use them at other local shops or , should they choose to , trade them in for dollars or other goods .
So far , none of them face the extreme pressures that popularized scrip during the Depression -- bank failures that dried up the supply of cash in circulation , requiring governments to come up with novel ways to keep commerce alive .
“ Right now there ’s a lot of interest because of the economy , but a lot of these efforts come about to rebuild social capital , ” said Ed Collom , a sociology professor at the University of Southern Maine who studies local currencies .
“ There ’s been concern about lack of trust , neighbors not knowing each other .
They see this as a way of neighbors helping each other . ”
Advertisement
In Detroit , for example , the Cheer was created not due to the city ’s chronic financial woes but because bar owner Jerry Belanger wanted to encourage patrons to support new local businesses .
He issued notes good at neighborhood merchants , backed by a cash reserve at his bar .
The idea caught on fast , and other taverns agreed to help back the currency .
There are now $ 3,000 worth of Detroit Cheers in circulation after about four months .
“ It ’s like a wink or a secret handshake , ” Belanger said .
“ People want to demonstrate they care about the community . ”
In Mesa , Ariz. , a city of 450,000 east of Phoenix , the motive has been purely financial .
Advertisement
The city has no property tax and relies almost exclusively on its sales tax for revenue .
Receipts plummeted 12.5 % in the last quarter of 2008 .
Johann Zietsman , director of the city ’s Arts Center , noticed that only 30 % to 40 % of seats were selling as people tightened their belts .
Thus Mesa Bucks were born .
Shoppers who spend money at stores in the city limits can bring their receipts to the Arts Center and receive a percentage of the sales tax they paid as Bucks .
Right now the currency can only be spent at the Arts Center and city museums , but officials are talking with two malls about distributing them and believe some local merchants will accept Bucks .
“ Everybody is having a tough time , ” Zietsman said .
“ Incentives are always popular . ”
Advertisement
The western New York college town of Ithaca is believed to be the first community in recent memory to have revived scrip by starting the Ithaca Hour in 1991 .
Other places , including Portland , Maine , and Traverse City , Mich . , followed suit .
In western Massachusetts , activists and a local nonprofit banded together in 2006 to create the BerkShare .
Since then , 2.5 million BerkShares have circulated in the leafy towns of the Berkshire Mountains .
Residents can exchange $ 95 for 100 BerkShares , giving an incentive to use the scrip .
Susan Witt , executive director of the E.F.
Schumacher Society , which advocates scrip and other ways to build local economies , helped create the BerkShares .
She said that as recently as the early 20th century , banks issued their own scrip that would be used in towns and cities across the country .
Advertisement
“ We gave it up for the convenience of a national currency , ” Witt said , adding that it remains legal to mint your own money .
“ Regions opened themselves to being vulnerable to the ins and outs of the national economy . ”
The Plenty -- which roughly stands for Piedmont Local EcoNomy Tender -- first launched in 2002 in another central North Carolina community .
It quickly folded because the bills piled up in the few businesses that would accept them , a problem that experts say dooms the majority of scrip .
Residents in Pittsboro , a collection of stately clapboard homes and repurposed brick warehouses 17 miles south of the university town of Chapel Hill , decided to try again this spring .
Advertisement
The new incarnation of the Plenty can be exchanged for dollars at a bank in Pittsboro , and backers say they are trying to expand the businesses that will accept the bills .
Melissa Frey , who administers the Plenty cooperative , noted that a local chiropractor and aromatherapist have agreed to take Plenties , but no mainstream health providers or gas stations have signed on .
Though local activism spurred the currency ’s revival , Frey said businesses seem increasingly receptive because of the recession .
“ It does happen to be the right time to sell this program to people . ”
The bills are designed and printed by local artists , with a wide variety of designs and serial numbers to combat counterfeiting .
A couple of businesses in town already pay employees partly in Plenties .
Proponents are most excited that the local Piggly Wiggly -- a franchise owned by a local family -- has agreed to start accepting the currency .
Advertisement
Owner Blake Evans said he has “ low expectations , but long - term maybe it ’ll be something that catches on . ”
He has been explaining the concept to his employees , some of whom had concluded that the motto on the bills , “ In Each Other We Trust ” ( printed in soy ink on 80 % recycled paper ) , meant the currency is anti-religious .
“ It certainly is not , ” Evans said .
One of the anchors of the Plenty is the General Store Cafe , a cavernous eatery and deli where , waiters report , customers have regularly been leaving Plenty bills as tips .
Owner Vance Remick said that when people use the Plenty it feels more like a personal transaction -- the sort that could only occur in a unique community .
“ You want to feel special , ” Remick said , “ wherever you are . ”
Advertisement
--
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
MOODY'S Economy.com has mapped the geographic spread of the worst global downturn since the Depression .
All of North America is in recession now .
In Europe only Norway , Slovenia and Slovakia have avoided a similar fate , although Moody 's reckons these countries are on the brink of a downturn .
Emerging Asia looks cheerier , although the small export - led economies of Singapore and Hong Kong are shrinking , as are Malaysia and Thailand .
Even the BRICs are looking a bit diminished , with downturns in both Brazil and Russia .
At least India and China are growing ( the latter at a pace that is causing worries about overheating ) .
Data for Africa are spotty but the continent 's biggest economy , South Africa , is in recession .
The IMF expects global GDP to shrink by 1.4 % this year , with rich countries ' economies contracting by around 3.8 % .
Shutterstock
Jamie Kirchick wrote this week , under the headline , " Obama 's Jews , " that the " constellation of far - left ' pro - Israel ' organizations put a kosher stamp of approval on Obama 's bizarre hectoring and moral equivalence . "
Well , count me - a genuine warmongering fascist , according to some on the Interwebs - as a person who also puts his kosher stamp of approval on Obama 's approach to Israel .
I do n't think his approach is bizarre or hectoring , or represents an exercise in moral equivalence .
If he equated Hamas and Israel , then he would be making a moral equivalency argument , but he did n't .
And I do n't think there 's anything bizarre about an American president asking Israel to end its addiction to settlements .
And I do n't think there 's anything bizarre or marginal about a group of American Jews forming an organization like J Street to press for a different vision of Israel than the one advocated - or acquiesced to - by so - called mainstream groups like AIPAC and the ADL .
I agree with Jamie - J Street has made some dumb mistakes in its brief history ; its knee has jerked to the left when it should n't have , and it needs to grapple with the Iranian threat in a sophisticated way , and not simply stand in opposition to whatever AIPAC happens to be advocating at the moment .
But all knees in the organized Jewish community tend to jerk , and when they do , they jerk in the direction of the status quo , and the status quo is untenable .
The Zionist vision of a Jewish democratic state wo n't survive the demographic and moral realities of the current situation .
Some people in J Street , I think , are motivated by animus to the idea of a Jewish state , but most , in my limited experience with them , want to preserve both Israel 's democratic and Jewish character .
That 's more than I can say for some people in the " mainstream " pro-Israel community , who blind themselves to the coming crisis .
BEIRUT , Lebanon 
As thousands of protesters chanted Friday in the streets outside , a former Iranian president , Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , assailed the government ’s handling of the post- election unrest , saying it had lost the trust of many Iranians , and called for the release of hundreds of those arrested in recent weeks .
Mr. Rafsanjani , speaking to a vast crowd at Tehran University ’s prayer hall , advanced the cause of Iran ’s beleaguered opposition , saying doubts about the disputed June 12 election “ are now consuming us ” and calling for a new spirit of compromise from the government .
“ A large group ” of Iranians , he said , have doubts about the election .
“ We should work to address these doubts , ” he said .
His appearance emboldened opposition supporters , who asserted themselves more aggressively than they had in weeks .
Tens of thousands of people converged around the prayer hall , witnesses said .
Police officers beat back large crowds of chanting protesters with tear gas and truncheons .
There were reports of at least 15 arrests .
Basically , the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei states that Ahmadinejad won the election and that anything going forward as protests , people will peril at their own risk .
People in Iran must make a decision .
Keep protesting and remain the opposition or fall in line .
It will get ugly because the protestors are still protesting .
And funny that Ahmadinejad is still out of Iran .
I do n't expect to see that character until things settle in Iran , one way or the other .
Correction , Ahmadinejad is there , behind the Supreme Leader in the videos below .
Here is the translation of the Supreme Leaders 's speech .
Live blogging from Huffington
Post continues , here .
According to a report in the Israeli newspaper , Yediot Ahronoth , US and Israeli researchers have developed a drug that offers protection from the damaging effects of radiation sickness .
The medication could not only provide effective protection in the event of a nuclear or “ dirty bomb ” attack , but it could also enable cancer patients to be treated with more powerful doses of radiation .
Experiments carried out by Professor Andrei Gudkov , Chief Scientific Officer at Cleveland BioLabs , and his team exposed more than 650 monkeys split into two groups to a radiation dosage equal to the highest dosage sustained by humans as a result of the Chernobyl disaster .
Of the group that did n’t receive the cure 70 % died , with the survivors suffering from the obvious effects of radiation sickness .
However , almost all the monkeys in the group given the medication survived , with most of them exhibiting no side effects .
The tests also showed that injecting the medication between 24 hours before exposure to 72 hours after exposure produced similar results , although Prof .
Gudkov emphasized that the drug does n’t provide 100 % protection against radioactive damage .
Another test , which involved giving the drug to humans without exposing them to radiation , showed no signs of side effects and indicated the drug is safe for human use .
The medication is the end result of an idea Prof .
Gudkov had in 2003 to use protein produced in bacteria found in the intestine to protect cells from radiation .
Five years and much hard work later has produced a medication that works by suppressing the “ suicide mechanism ” of cells hit by radiation , while at the same time enabling them to recover from the radiation - induced damage that triggered the suicide mechanism in the first place .
The medication itself is not a vaccine , but a preventative drug that is administered as one or a series of injections .
Thanks to a shortened test track approved for bio - defense drugs Prof .
Gudkov ’s company expects to complete a set of expanded safety tests by mid-2010 , with the medication expected to be approved for use by the FDA within a year or two , provided experiments continue at the current rate .
Israeli news site , YNet News , points to the strategic military advantage such a breakthrough would deliver as well as the medical importance of the medication , which could allow cancer patients to be exposed to greater doses of radiation offering a more powerful weapon in the fight against the disease .
The medication could also provide some comfort for those situated close to nuclear power stations .
Source : YNet News , Cleveland BioLabs .
Let 's return to a central theme : that finite resources are being quantified by infinite money .
Today the CFTC made some announcements regarding transparency in futures positions ; also Congressional hearings began with intent to limit futures positions sizes , especially for energy speculators .
Unfortunately , this ' speculation ' issue is one of many red herrings that ignores the widening fundamental disconnect between financial and real assets .
( PBS Nightly Business interviewed me on this topic - sound bite from 3:16 - 3:40 ) .
Below the fold is a brief summary of what I said in the longer interview followed by an open thread on the topic of the future of energy futures .
Our first hearing will focus on whether federal speculative limits should be set by the CFTC to all commodities of finite supply , in particular energy commodities , such as crude oil , heating oil , natural gas , gasoline and other energy products , ”
Energy and natural resources are what we have to spend ( or to marshal ) .
Money is just a marker for these real assets , and the ever expanding definition of money - now extending to margin , credit , debt , on and off balance sheet derivatives , etc. - has caused an extreme , paradigm changing disconnect between financial assets , and what they were originally designed to represent .
We need growth in order to pay back debt and need energy gain ( ( gross - costs ) * scale ) in order to grow .
Historical purchasing power of US dollar thru 2004 ( American Institute for Economic Research )
The value of fiat currencies erodes over time , while remaining high quality energy increases in strategic value , even if not recognized in monetary terms .
Historically , based of course on historic comparisons , commodities were the ugly stepchild in investment portfolios .
As long as energy and resources were cheap , more long term gearing / profits were to be had from the vanilla ' derivatives ' : stocks and bonds ( these are derivatives of our real capital : andthat underpins them ) , than from the commodities themselves .
But as the world , in recent decades , was flooded not only with liquidity , but an order of magnitude ( or more ) increase in notional credit , relaxed oversight rules , relaxed lending standards , higher leverage , etc. , those digits with the highest velocity have had to seek a home .
Their doing so culminated in 2007 - 8 via a dramatic commodity market rally , ( within which , oils kiss of $ 147 last July grabbed the most attention ) .
What really happened in the ensuing 9 months was not a sharp drop in commodity demand , but a global margin call of epic proportions - all sorts of players were caught long and short ( mostly long ) had to pare down positions in almost all asset classes ( US treasuries being notable exception ) .
During the 5 years ended July 2008 , the SP500 and crude oil had an R^2 of -.29 , for the 7 months after : R^2 of .97 !
( Daily closes , graph here )
The point of this is that oil was not in a speculative bubble , unless you amend that statement to : " " .
And to those who are adamant thatt speculators were responsible for oils rise last year : coal tripled in the same period and is not traded on the NYMEX ....
Speculators are generally ignored unless either of the two unassailable American entitlements : rising stocks and cheap oil , are not on trend , and a witch - hunt for bad guys ensues .
As we are mired in a deepening recession , the roots of which lie in the generation long replacement of tangible things with paper and digits , the logical human reaction to oil moving back from $ 40 to $ 70 is to blame someone , in order that it retreat some and not act as economic headwind .
( The same thinking mans logic used to request temporary withdrawals from the national emergency Strategic Petroleum Reserve to reduce oil from $ 70 . )
The blame it seems , will again fall on speculators , ( note : technically the majority of participants in our economic system should now be defined as speculators - we are buying / spending natural resources on margin with a downpayment of belief ) .
As we have been writing on these pages for years , oil supply has maxed out , so any stabilization in demand will naturally result in rising prices .
Couple that with many investors concerned about the inflationary impacts of quantitative easing , and there is a demand for ETFs , futures and derivatives representing real - not - derived - from - thin - air ) assets , or the digital entries that legally control real assets .
Recent liquidity dislocations arising from the linkage between the natural gas ETF , UNG , and natural gas futures have also heightened concern about position limits , and today UNGs administrator announced that no new shares will be created .
In the end the demand for paper natural gas is higher than the demand for real natural gas .
An odd situation , but the blame should n't be on the hedge funds , but on who designed the rules they follow .
( On a deeper level , the blame is on all of us , for sleepwalking into this situation )
So what does this mean ?
Energy , particularly liquid fuel , is the hemoglobin of modern civilization .
Price signals based on the marginal unit create long term distortions for utilities and energy policymakers .
On the micro level , it is only a matter of time before a highly leveraged , underregulated hedge fund ( think Amaranth , Ospraie , but bigger ) causes dislocation in energy markets due to their size .
On the macro level , depending on which estimates you trust , global notional derivatives are in excess of 1,000 trillion , while global GDP is only $ 55 trillion ( and a decent chunk of that financial , aka questionable ) .
If we accept the peak oil estimates of global remaining recoverable crude oil of around 1 trillion barrels , that equates to $ 62 trillion using todays closing NYMEX price .
This is roughly equal to US treasury total debt ( including unfunded Medicare , Social Security liabilities ) .
We have a monumental problem - a system whose claims on the future are higher than its real assets .
This CFTC debate is a tiny microcosm of the greater social landscape .
Reducing positions sizes and increasing margin in energy futures is a step in the right direction to equilibriate paper markers with real wealth .
But it will have immediate negative repurcussions ( reducing liquidity , reducing confidence in system , increasing volatility etc. ) , which is why it ultimately wo n't happen .
We will continue to borrow from all aspects of our socio-ecological system to keep the current paradigm intact ( growth at all costs , marginal unit pricing , infinite substitutes , market will solve it , etc ) .
Sooner , rather than later , a plan for re-linking scarce resources to what and how we execute social transactions is going to occur .
Like M. King Hubbert , I am in favor of an energy based currency and no futures trading at all other than for producers and those taking delivery .
But these ideas are so many steps beyond ' regulating oil futures in order to keep prices low '
I expect I am wasting my breath .
As debt increases , and resources deplete ( especially the cheap ones ) , a reckoning lies ahead .
One way or another we have to attack the fractional reserve banking system rules .
Proactively or reactively and gradually or in one fell swoop are the main questions .
Previously on this topic :
A Closer Look at Oil Futures 9/2/2006
Natural Gas - A Tale of Two Markets 9/26/2006
At $ 100 Oil , What Can the Scientist Say to the Investor ?
1/04/2008
Peak Oil and Reflexivity and Peak Oil 6/08/2008
CFTC - Speculation My A$ $ 7.23.2008
Hurricanes , Hedge Funds and Energy Markets
No Naked Short Selling== > No Future Energy 9/19/2008
The Credit Markets , Financial Crisis , and Real Wealth ( Guest post by Herman Daly 10/13/2008
comment on global margin call
10/25/08
Advice to Pres. Obama - Yes We Can But Will We 1/15/2009
** Remaining recoverable oil is based on Hubbert Linearization by Samuel Foucher here less actual production ( consumption ) - approx 25 GB recoverable left excluding GOM and Alaska .
Antarctic Fox
The log of Rachel and Kevin Fox 's trip to the Antarctic Peninsula in the Summer of 2008 -9
Day 10 : Elephant Island Part 1 : The Birds
January 4 - Elephant Island , the Antarctic Peninsula
After our amazing experience with the whales we zipped over to Elephant Island , which had been our destination when we had been getting dressed just 40 minutes ago .
Elephant Island had n't been on our original agenda , in fact as a northern island it was a little out of our way , but our weather had been so incredible that Tim and Rob and Captain Martin had been able to show us more than most visitors got to see in the time we were spending there , so the night before when they asked what we still wanted to see , I ( Rachel ) said " Elephant seals ! " , and so we diverted a bit and now here we were on Elephant Island .
However Elephant has more than just Elephant seals .
We got to see three species of penguin all nesting together , including one species we had n't yet seen .
And we got to see the amazing Giant Petrels !!
Elephant Island , part of the South Shetland Islands , is more north than the Antarctic peninsula .
It has more rocky land with less snow and ice cover , and generally has ( comparatively ) milder climates , and so plays host to a greater variety of wildlife .
One thing you do n't normally think about , but in several of the pictures you 'll notice red or green lichen and mosses in small patches on the rocks .
Further south there 's no moss and very , very little lichen ( it can take a century to grow an inch ) , so even going north this small distance , you can see the effects it has on the local ecology .
We got so many good shots on this excursion that we 've split it in to two parts .
The first one details the various penguins and chicks , and the second is all about the Elephant seals , so check it out , and stay tuned !
The Welcoming Committee - Arriving on Elephant Island , we were quickly greeted by this cadre of Gentoo penguins fresh from fishing .
They followed us over the rocks to rejoin their nesting mates and chicks .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
I 'm Taller ! - A Gentoo chick near fledging has almost reached their full size .
They wo n't be able to swim and fend for themselves though until they shed their fuzz and grow a smooth coat of feathers to keep out the water .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
Here We Come -
This penguin parent is leading it 's chicks on a feeding chase .
When the chicks get to be this size both parents have to go to sea to get enough food to feed them .
The chicks huddle up on the shore and wait for their parents to come home with food .
In order to know which chicks belong to it , the parent will call out and the chicks will similarly call back when they recognize the parents call .
That however is not enough , the parent also leads it 's chicks on a bit of a chase to make sure that these chicks are commited to it .
Now , if you want to believe that everything is always good for natures ' babies , stop reading right here .
The second reason for the chase is because two adult penguins are really only capable of rearing one chick to full maturity , but generally have two chicks to hedge their bets .
Often one chick will fall to some preditor , but the chase also insure that the stronger faster chick ( the one most likely to survive the harsh whether they live in ) , is always fed first .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
The Race - Gentoo parents call to their two chicks and run away , forcing the chicks to race after them .
Since the parents only have the resources to feed one of the chicks to maturity , they test them with these races and only the winner gets food .
As cute as this image is , this is a race for life , a literal survival of the fittest .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
Fuzzy Little Rocks - Baby Giant Petrels in their rock nest .
Somehow saying " Baby Giant Petrels " sounds weird !
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Petrel Take Off - A Giant Petrel taking off from its nest up on the rocks .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
The Watchers - Giant Petrels on their nests peering down at us .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
What A Bill - Giant Petrel - Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Stretch Kiss -
An adolescent chick lets their parent know they 're still peckish .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
Mutual Ecstacy -
A pair of Chinstraps express their joy at seeing each other by raising their heads to the sky , flapping their wings in an ecstatic display , and honking as loudly as they can .
The closer one just got back from fishing and will care for their chicks , while the farther ( dirtier ) one will finally get to head to the water and grab some lunch .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
Our For A Stroll - Gentoo penguin chick out for a stroll .
Parents are away , so baby may play !
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Chin Up -
A chinstrap penguin on its nest with two chicks .
The strap makes them look so regal and proper .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Grounded . -
It 's easy to imagine that Mom and Dad are n't all too happy with their chick .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
Larry , Curely & Fuzzbucket -
But you know , his friends call him Moe! Baby Gentoo Penguins . - Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Are you sure we 're in the right place ?
- Two Macaroni penguins nest among the Chinstraps .
Though rare this far south , it 's not uncommon for a few Macaroni to raise their chicks with the Chinstraps , though even here they stick together .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
Macaroni know they 're cool -
These two Macaroni menguins , raising their chicks amidst the Chinstrap colony , really stand out .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
They call me Chinstrap -
In this close - up you can get a better idea of how the thin , dense feathers make up the distinctive black line that gives the Chinstraps their name .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
Now Do n't Be Obvious , But There Is This Odd Thing Behind You ...
I SAID DON'T LOOK !! -
Two adolecent penguin chicks hanging out on Elephant Island .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Yum Yum -
A good view of the slightly digested krill that the adult penguin is feeding to its chick .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Yum Yum Yum - Close up of the krill feeding .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Turkey Kisses - Really the chick wants to be fed , but it looks super sweet to think of it that way .
Plus I swear that chick looks like a Thanksgiving Turkey the way it 's standing .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Two cute - even as baby chicks , those beaks look like they 've got some serious history .
Also : AWWW . - Photo by Kevin Fox
Mixed Species -
In this colony several different specials of Penguin co-exist and raise theour chicks together .
Gentoo , Chinstraps , Macaroni and ...
Tim ? - Photo by Kevin Fox
I Want My Momma -
Baby penguin chick calling out for its parents which are likely out at sea fishing .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Molting 's not much fun .
- Right in the middle between a chick and a fledged Penguin , this adolescent is slowly losing their fuzz to reveal their new feathers underneath .
The head is the last to molt , leaving the penguin with a frohawk , but that 's still a few days away .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
Me first !
Me first ! -
Two chicks ( nearly ) tie in the race for food .
See how eager the right chick is ?
Just look at his happy feet .
- Photo by Kevin Fox
The Emissary - Welcome martian , I bring greetings from my people !
One gentoo penguin bravely approaching me to figure out what I am .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Rookery With A View - View atop a hill of Elephant Island in the South Shetlands .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Castle In The Clouds - Gentoo and chinstrap penguins raising their chicks on a hill on Elephant Island .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Traffic - " Do n't Stare Gert . "
" But their plumage is all Red !
How do they hide from the seals ? "
" All I know is they are using our road , and I do n't like it . "
Gentoo penguins heading for the ocean .
- Photo by Rachel Lea Fox
Microsoft has just unveiled what it describes as a revolutionary new way to play Xbox 360 video games on HDTVs without the need for a controller .
Called Project Natal , the sensor , which combines an RGB camera , depth sensor , multi-array microphone and custom processor in one device , could have uses far beyond just gaming .
One analyst , Michael Pachter of Wedbush Morgan , said he thought Project Natal is intended less as a game control scheme than it is as an easy - to - use dashboard control scheme .
He also sees it as a means for Microsoft to dampen the launch of an expected high definition upgrade to Nintendo ’s Wii console .
Unlike 2 - D cameras and controllers , Project Natal tracks a user ’s full body movement in 3 - D , while responding to commands , directions and even a shift of emotion in the voice .
The idea that the device could have an impact far beyond gaming was echoed by filmmaker Steven Spielberg .
Introducing the device at the recent the Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) , he said it was a " pivotal moment that will carry with it a wave of change , the ripples of which will reach far beyond video games " .
Microsoft says that what sets the Project Natal sensor apart is the fact it ’s not light - dependent .
It can recognize users just by looking at their face , and it does n’t just react to key words but understands what is being said .
So , for example , if a user calls a play in a football game , players will actually respond .
Spielberg said the next step in interactive entertainment is to make the controller disappear .
" With Project Natal , we ’ll see games that bring everyone together through technology that actually recognizes us , " he said .
During its briefing , signalled its strategy of turning the Xbox 360 into an internet and media hub for the living room by opening the Xbox Live dashboard up to the internet .
It announced new Xbox LIVE services , including instant on 1080 p HD streaming movies and television to Facebook and Last . fm tailor - made for a user ’s TV .
Starting this fall , a selection of movies and TV shows from Zune video on Xbox 360 will be available to start and stream instantly .
Microsoft also announced it will more than double the number of markets where Xbox LIVE offers its TV shows and movies , growing from eight to 18 , by adding Australia , Austria , Belgium , Denmark , Finland , Netherlands , New Zealand , Norway , Sweden and Switzerland .
Xbox LIVE members in these markets will have access to instant on 1080 p video .
New Xbox LIVE Video Marketplace advancements also came for the US , UK and Ireland .
Microsoft also announced a new lineup of Xbox 360 games , including Forza Motorsport 3 , Alan Wake , Halo 3 : ODST and The Beatles : Rock Band .
Below is a promotional video for Project Natal :
Know your type : Clarendon
For the fifth installment in our ‘ Know your type ’ series we look to Clarendon — an influential typeface that helped tame the Wild West , and the first to ever be patented .
A significant change
Named after Oxford ’s Clarendon Press , the popular slab - serif was created in 1845 by Robert Besley for the Fann Street Foundry .
Notable as one of the last new developments in nineteenth century typography , the letterforms represented a significant change from the slab - serif Antiques and Egyptians that were so popular in that time .
The most useful founts that a printer can have in his office are the Clarendons : they make a striking word or line either in a hand bill or title page , and do not overwhelm the other lines .
They have been made with great care , so that while they are distinct and striking , they possess a very graceful outline , avoiding on one hand the clumsy inelegance of the Antique or Egyptian character , hitherto in use among printers , and on the other , the appearance of an ordinary Roman letter thickened by long use under the machine .
- Printed in Fann Street Foundry 's 1873 Type Specimen Book
The original Clarendon is considered a condensed face today , visible in typefaces such as Besley Clarendon by HiH Retrofonts ( a foundry that specialized in digitizing historical fonts ) .
Wanted ( dead or alive )
Clarendon became hugely popular , leading Besley to register the design under Britain 's Ornamental Designs Act of 1842 .
Unfortunately , the patent expired three years later , with many competing foundries quickly copying its design once the hold was released .
Using his own typeface , this is how Besley reacted :
Clarendon is considered the first to design a ‘ related bold ’ for emphasizing text ( as seen above ) .
Many variations of the typeface , including the popular French Clarendon , appeared in the second half of the nineteenth century .
“ The reason it was so widely copied is simple : it was extremely useful .
It provided the attention - getting boldness to highlight a word or phrase , yet at the same time was compact and easier to read than the fat faces and antiques of the period , ” says HiH Retrofonts .
Becoming a popular wood type , Clarendon is also notable as a common choice on ‘ WANTED ’ signs of the old west .
Unrelated to type design , Robert Besely later went on to become the Lord Mayor of London in 1869 .
Clarendon today
The typeface was released by Monotype in 1935 , and reworked into its modern incarnation in 1953 by Hermann Eidenbenz .
It was also marketed by the Stephenson Blake foundry as Consort in the 1950s .
Remaining a popular choice for over a century , many of today ’s most recognized logotypes are based on the Clarendon style .
Clarendon was also used in the United States on National Park traffic signs , until being recently replaced by NPS Rawlinson Roadway .
Today most major foundries have their own digital version of Clarendon with dozens ( if not hundreds ) of other fonts influenced by the Clarendon style : Red Rooster ’s Consort , PSY / OPS ’ Oxtail , Adobe ’s Rosewood , URW ++’s Volta , Canada Type ’s Clarendon Text , Parkinson ’s Sutro , Font Bureau ’s Belizio and Giza , to name a few .
Besley ’s orginal matrices and punches can now be found at London ’s Type Museum .
Usage
Also see :
FAIRBURN , Georgia ( CNN ) --
In a south Atlanta neighborhood lined with palatial homes and manicured lots , the Hicks family was living out its American dream .
Breylan and Terese Hicks play with their sons Bryce , 3 , and Jordan , 2 .
But like many Americans , that dream was interrupted when they almost lost their home to foreclosure .
Terese , a firefighter , and her husband Breylan , a police sergeant , had always dreamed about owning a spacious house in the suburbs .
When they began their search , the young family was living in a south Atlanta neighborhood .
They grew concerned and decided to move when crime in the area started to pick up .
Although they did n't think they could afford their ' dream home , ' they started searching in an affluent area just south of the airport and across the street from the 190 - room estate owned by famed heavyweight boxer Evander Holyfield .
" I 've always been looking in this subdivision , but never thought we could afford a home here , " Terese Hicks said .
After discussing their financials with a mortgage broker , the family was presented with a deal and payments they could afford .
The interest - only , adjustable rate loan sounded good at the time .
And since they were not first - time homebuyers , they thought they knew what they were getting into .
Terese
Hicks figured they could always refinance before the interest rates were adjusted .
Soon , the family settled in their seven - bedroom , five - bathroom plantation - style home with a pool .
' Black in America 2 '
This July , Soledad O'Brien investigates what African - Americans are doing to confront the most challenging issues facing their communities .
You 'll meet people who are using ground - breaking solutions in innovative ways to transform the black experience .
July 22 & 23 , 8 p.m. ET see full schedule »
It all seemed like a dream come true , until the couple learned the interest rate on their loan would readjust in just six months , making the loan a short three - year ARM .
The mother of two , who handles the family 's finances , had wrongly assumed that their loan was a five - year ARM .
The news could n't have come at a worse time .
Breylan was unable to work because of a serious back injury , and the family 's income took a hit .
They were also paying mortgages on vacant rental properties when they could n't find tenants because of the housing crisis .
To make matters worse , Terese Hicks , a city employee , had to take a 10 - percent pay cut in her salary , and the family was burdened with a mountain of medical bills for numerous surgeries their 6 - month - old son Jordan underwent to treat a birth - related medical condition .
Struggling to pay the new adjusted mortgage , Terese Hicks appealed to their mortgage company , Homecomings which is owned by GMAC , for help .
" They said there was nothing they could do about the rate readjusting , so I said let 's weather the storm and see what we can do , " she said .
She continued to make regular payments for all of their mortgages in order to maintain their good credit .
But within a year , they were in the eye of the storm and their savings dropped to around $ 75 .
Desperate , the Hickses asked their mortgage company again for help .
But they were told there was nothing they could do because they were current on all their payments .
The Hickses decided they had no other choice but to " play the game " and stop paying their mortgage , even if it meant damaging their hard - earned credit .
Homecomings acknowledges that the guidelines for modification at that time made little sense , but they were caught in the middle of a " symptomatic " relationship between working with third - party investors and homeowners .
" In order for us to have been able to modify the loan we needed to get permission on the investor on whose behalf we are servicing the loan , " said Jeanine Bruin of GMAC .
" It 's a balancing act , what 's in the best interest of the customer and the investor . "
At the time of the Hickses request for a loan modification , investors backing the loans required some proof of financial difficulty .
Things have changed since then , including new government concessions geared towards helping homeowners , explained Bruin .
" The proof was in the pudding , " said Bruin , " You had to be late in your payment to prove hardship . "
The Hicks family 's story is one that Marcia Griffin , founder of HomeFree - USA , has heard all too often .
" We advise homebuyers not to talk to a realtor or lender before we can meet with them for a Mortgage Profile Meeting , " said Griffin .
" Within 30 minutes the client will know if they can fly , run , walk or crawl . "
HomeFree-USA is a nonprofit organization devoted to homeownership development and financial empowerment .
It 's one of several national nonprofit organizations that offer mortgage assistance and home ownership counseling .
The Neighborhood Assistance Corp. of America and the National Urban League offer community advocacy programs geared toward counseling lower - and middle - income families who are purchasing or refinancing their homes .
With offices in Washington and Atlanta , HomeFree - USA 's clientele is mostly minority borrowers .
During the recent housing crisis , Griffin says people of color have become " easy prey " because they often do n't know the right questions to ask about subprime and ARM loans .
Some may find her no -nonsense attitude a bit difficult to swallow .
" You can not buy a house without any money , and you cannot buy a house with poor credit , " cautioned Griffin .
As an African - American , Griffin believes she 's the right messenger to help financially empower the African - American community .
Griffin believes families like the Hicks could have qualified for a better , less risky loan and should have been better informed about the terms of their loan .
If the Hicks family had known sooner about HomeFree - USA 's program they might have been able to save their good credit rating and a lot of aggravation .
It was only after receiving notice that their home was going up for auction that Terese Hicks learned about HomeFree - USA .
She contacted the Atlanta office and within a few days there was a resolution .
The Hicks family learned that they qualified for President Obama 's new homeownership assistance program .
The program offered institutionalized loan modifications for people who could prove they were suffering economic hardship .
With a low interest rate locked in for the next five years , the family was able to keep the home and pay an affordable monthly mortgage .
Griffin hopes other homebuyers can learn from the Hickses ' situation and seek out an advocate early in the process of refinancing or modifying a loan -- before they are caught in a financial storm .
" People do n't know where to go and who to talk to , " says Griffin .
" They are suffering in silence . "
All About African - American Issues • National Economy
WASHINGTON --
As the Pentagon warns of the security risks posed by social networking sites , newly released government documents show the military also uses these Internet tools to monitor and react to coverage of high - profile events .
The Air Force tracked online messaging service Twitter , video - sharing site YouTube and various blogs to assess the huge public backlash to the Air Force One flyover of the Statue of Liberty this spring , according to the documents .
And while the attempts at damage control failed -- " No positive spin is possible , " one PowerPoint chart reads -- the episode opens a window into the tactics for operating in a boundless digital news cycle .
This new terrain has slippery slopes , though , for the military .
Facebook , MySpace and other social media sites are very popular among service members , including those in
Iraq and Afghanistan who want to keep in touch with friends and family .
The sites are also valued by military organizations for recruiting or communicating with other federal agencies .
But posting information on these interactive links makes it vulnerable to being lost or stolen by the enemy , according to Pentagon officials .
On Thursday , a hacking attack shut down Twitter for several hours , while Facebook had intermittent access problems -- an indication of the shortcomings of relying on these services .
The Marine Corps ' computer network blocks users from accessing social media sites , which service officials say expose " information to adversaries " and provide " an easy conduit for information leakage . "
The Marines recently made its ban official .
And that prohibition might extend to other parts of the military pending a top - level review ordered in late July by Deputy Defense Secretary Bill Lynn .
In a widely distributed memo , Lynn said the so - called " Web 2.0 " sites are important tools but more study is needed to understand their threats and benefits .
Air Force officials are already aware of the potential benefits .
According to the Air Force
One documents released through the Freedom of Information Act , a unit called the Combat Information Cell at Tyndall Air Force Base in Florida monitored the public fallout from the April 27 flight and offered recommendations for dealing with the fast - breaking story .
Formed two years ago , the cell is made up of as many as nine people who analyze piles of data culled from the Internet and other sources to determine whether the Air Force 's message is being heard .
The presidential plane took off for New York from Andrews Air Force in Maryland accompanied by two F - 16 jet fighters .
The purpose of the flight , which was not publicly announced , was to get new photos of the specially modified Boeing 747 with the statue in the background .
The mission quickly became a public relations disaster as panicked New Yorkers , fearing another 9/11 - style attack , emptied office buildings .
In the aftermath , Louis Caldera , director of the White House military office that authorized the flight , was fired .
The Combat Information Cell 's first assessment of the event said " Web site blog comments ' furious ' at best . "
Local reporting of the flyover was " very critical , highlighting scare factor , " it added .
A search of Twitter , which allows people to post messages of 140 characters or less to a circle of friends , family or fans , showed that users were posting a rate of one message , or " tweet , " per minute about a pair of F - 16s chasing a commercial airliner , the cell said .
Media coverage over the next 24 hours " will focus on local hysteria and lack of public notification , " the cell predicted .
" Blogs will continue to be overwhelmingly negative . "
" Damage control requires timely counter - information , " but the opportunity for that had passed , the assessment said .
The cell recommended acknowledging the mistake and ensuring it did n't happen again .
Another update on April 28 said the story was still " reverberating , surprisingly resilient . "
The tweet rate had grown to three per minute and the words " New York " had been pushed into Twitter 's list of most talked about topics .
Videos of the event posted on YouTube had been viewed more than 260,000 times , it said .
By April 30 , the story had faded , the cell reported .
The blogs were still very critical , but it was the White House , not the Air Force , that was taking the heat , the assessment for that day said .
The other dominant news story at the time was public concern over the spread of swine flu .
According to the documents , the same Air Force cell suggested there may be an opportunity to turn the tide .
" Government involvement in this incident could be used to frame expected handling of H1N1 outbreak , " one of the PowerPoint charts reads .
A Utah Air National Guard unit , the 101st Information Warfare Flight in Salt Lake City , was also monitoring the social sites .
" To say that this event is being beaten like a dead horse is an understatement , " reads an April 28 e-mail from the unit to other Air Force offices .
" Has really taken off in Web 2.0 . "
Both the 101st and the Combat Information Cell are attached to the 1st Air Force , which is based at Tyndall and is in charge of guarding U.S. airspace .
1st Air Force spokesman Al Eakle explained that the command had no role in planning or coordinating the Air Force One flight .
But the units tracked social networks and blog traffic " to obtain what lessons we might learn so as not to repeat them in the future . "
The assessments were sent to the command 's leadership so they'd know how the public was reacting , he added .
Caption
Off the south coast of Borneo flying through high cloud associated with distant storm cells our A320 truly becomes an electric jet .
Amazing display of static electricity flowing through our jet in relatively smooth air makes for an amazing sight and luckily had me gear along .
EOS1DMK3 14/2.8 II
Fatherhood changed me – for the better .
It made me start to think on longer timescales , to ponder contingencies and contingencies for contingencies .
My wife , too .
Now that our daughter , Poesy , is 16 months old , we 're settled in enough to begin pondering the imponderable .
We 're ready to draw up our wills .
It was all pretty simple at first : it was easy to say what we'd do if one of us died without the other ( pass assets on to the survivor ) , or if we both went together ( it all goes in trust for the kid ) ; even all three of us ( a charity gets the money ) .
I thought about a literary executor ( do n't want to risk my literary estate being inherited by a child who may grow up to be as weird about her father 's creations as some of the notable litigious cranks who have inherited other literary estates ) , and found a writer I like and trust who agreed to take things on should I snuff it before the kid 's gotten old enough for me to know I can trust her not to be a nut job about it all .
We found a lawyer through a referral from another lawyer who'd already done great work for me – I checked him out and he seemed fine .
Then we hit a wall .
What about our data ?
More specifically , what about the secrets that protect our data ?
Like an increasing number of people who care about the security and integrity of their data , I have encrypted all my hard - drives – the ones in my laptops and the backup drives , using 128 - bit AES – the Advanced Encryption Standard .
Without the passphrase that unlocks my key , the data on those drives is unrecoverable , barring major , seismic advances in quantum computing , or a fundamental revolution in computing .
Once your data is cryptographically secured , all the computers on earth , working in unison , could not recover it on anything less than a geological timescale .
This is great news , of course .
It means that I do n't have to worry about being mugged for my laptop , or having my office burgled ( even the critical - files backup I keep on Amazon S3's remote storage facility is guarded by industrial - strength crypto , so I 'm immune from someone raiding Amazon 's servers ) .
The passphrase itself , a very long , complicated string , is only in my head , and I 've never written it down .
This is fantastically liberating .
I 'm able to lock it all up : my private journals , my financial details , 15 years ' worth of personal and professional correspondence , every word I 've written since the early 1980s , every secret thought , unfinished idea and work in progress .
In theory , I could limit this cryptographic protection to a few key files , but that 's vastly more complex than just locking up the whole shebang , and I do n't have to worry that I 've forgotten to lock up something that turns out to matter to me in 10 or 20 years .
I can even lock up all my passwords for everything else : email , banking , government services , social networking services and so on , keeping them in a master file that is itself guarded by crypto on my drive .
So far , so good .
But what if I were killed or incapacitated before I managed to hand the passphrase over to an executor or solicitor who could use them to unlock all this stuff that will be critical to winding down my affairs – or keeping them going , in the event that I 'm incapacitated ?
I do n't want to simply hand the passphrase over to my wife , or my lawyer .
Partly that 's because the secrecy of a passphrase known only to one person and never written down is vastly superior to the secrecy of a passphrase that has been written down and stored in more than one place .
Further , many countries 's laws make it difficult or impossible for a court to order you to turn over your keys ; once the passphrase is known by a third party , its security from legal attack is greatly undermined , as the law generally protects your knowledge of someone else 's keys to a lesser extent than it protects your own .
I discarded any solution based on putting my keys in trust with a service that sends out an email unless you tell it not to every week – these " dead man 's switch " services are far less deserving of my trust than , say , my wife or my solicitor .
I rejected a safe - deposit box because of all the horror stories I 've heard of banks that refuse to allow access to boxes until the will is probated , and the data necessary to probate the will is in the box .
I pondered using something called Shamir 's Secret Sharing Scheme ( SSSS ) , a fiendishly clever crypto scheme that allows you to split a key into several pieces , in such a way that only a few of those pieces are needed to unlock the data .
For example , you might split the key into 10 pieces and give them to 10 people such that any five of them can pool their pieces and gain access to your crypto-protected data .
But I rejected this , too – too complicated to explain to civilians , and what 's more , if the key could be recovered by five people getting together , I now had to trust that no five out of 10 people would act in concert against me .
And I 'd have to keep track of those 10 people for the rest of my life , ensuring that the key is always in a position to be recovered .
Too many moving parts – literally .
Finally , I hit on a simple solution : I 'd split the passphrase in two , and give half of it to my wife , and the other half to my parents ' lawyer in Toronto .
The lawyer is out of reach of a British court order , and my wife 's half of the passphrase is useless without the lawyer 's half ( and she 's out of reach of a Canadian court order ) .
If a situation arises that demands that my lawyer get his half to my wife , he can dictate it over the phone , or encrypt it with her public key and email it to her , or just fly to London and give it to her .
As simple as this solution is , it leaves a few loose ends : first , what does my wife do to safeguard her half of the key should she perish with me ?
The answer is to entrust it to a second attorney in the UK ( I can return the favour by sending her key to my lawyer in Toronto ) .
Next , how do I transmit the key to the lawyer ?
I 've opted for a written sheet of instructions , including the key , that I will print on my next visit to Canada and physically deliver to the lawyer .
What I found surprising all through this process was the lack of any kind of standard process for managing key escrow as part of estate planning .
Military - grade crypto has been in civilian hands for decades now , and yet every lawyer I spoke to about this was baffled ( and the cypherpunks I spoke to were baffling – given to insanely complex schemes that suggested to me that their executors were going to be spending months unwinding their keys before they could get on with the business of their estates , and woe betide their survivors , who'd be left in the cold while all this was taking place ) .
Meanwhile , I 'm left with this conclusion : if you 're not encrypting your data , you should be .
And if you are encrypting your data , you need to figure this stuff out , before you get hit by a bus and doom your digital life to crypto oblivion .
The latest viral video is from the sewer under Cameron Village in Raleigh , NC .
The mysterious creatures found are nothing short of disgusting and spectacular .
This video has made its way to Video Sift and various cryptozoology sites .
Speculations on the nature of this creature run from bryozoans , cnidarians , slime molds , and some mysterious alien creature here to suck out our brains .
Well let me say first that it is none of the above .
I can think of no freshwater Cnidarian that looks anything like this .
It lacks the characteristic delineations that would indicate individual zooids in the colony and frankly the retracting of finger - like tentacles does n’t seem like a bryozan characteristic ( see the pictures at this site ) .
In fact , I have poked a lot of invertebrates as lab instructor for invertebrate zoology and as a graduate student just for shits and giggles and none of the mentioned candidates would respond like this .
So back to square one …
You should n’t trust me however …you should trust an expert in one of the aforementioned groups .
Enter stage right Dr. Timothy S. Wood who is an expert on freshwater bryozoa and an officer with the International Bryozoology Association .
I sent along the video and this was his reponse …
Thanks for the video – I had not see it before .
No , these are not bryozoans !
They are clumps of annelid worms , almost certainly tubificids ( Naididae , probably genus Tubifex ) .
Normally these occur in soil and sediment , especially at the bottom and edges of polluted streams .
In the photo they have apparently entered a pipeline somehow , and in the absence of soil they are coiling around each other .
The contractions you see are the result of a single worm contracting and then stimulating all the others to do the same almost simultaneously , so it looks like a single big muscle contracting .
Interesting video .
More video of Tubifex
Sony does n't make netbooks .
The Vaio P , for example is absolutely , positively not a netbook .
In fact , in February Sony senior vice president Mike Abary called the whole netbook market " a race to the bottom . "
That 's right .
Sony denied that it would make a netbook .
So , as night follows day , we now have the Vaio W. A netbook .
From Sony .
The Vaio W will be a full - on , 1.6GHz
Atom powered , ten - inch screened netbook .
The other specs also fail to deviate from the cheap formula : 160GB hard drive , 1GB RAM , an Ethernet jack , Bluetooth and a couple of USB ports .
The SD reader will work with MemorySticks , too , of course , and Sony has made one break with tradition :
The screen is a high - res 1,366 x 768 instead of the more usual 1,024 x 600 , meaning that text will be slightly harder to read .
The Vaio W will cost $ 500 when it launches in the US in August , and for that you 'll get a plastic case in a choice of three colors ( white , pink and , ahem , brown ? ) .
A case which looks like nothing more than an MSI Wind with a new logo slapped on .
Could it be that Sony , in its hurry to win the race to the bottom , has forgotten that every other netbook maker is selling cheaper , sleeker machines already ?
Product page [ Sony ]
Alright , you know the opening scene in the first LotR movie ?
The one with Sauron just laying waste ?
Step 1 : Get some armor and a big ass mace .
Step 2 : Have an accomplice get a couple kindergarten classes together and get 'em just humming on PCP or meth or both .
Step 3 : Have said accomplice distribute weapons amongst the children and tell all those little fuckers that you killed Santa Claus .
Step 4 : Reenact opening scene from Lord of the Rings .
From the ' some point releases are bigger than others ' files :
Red Hat today officially announced the beta availability of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.4 ( RHEL ) , which in my view is a lot more than a typical point release .
Sure we 're all waiting for the big RHEL 6 release , but there are some major changes in RHEL 5.4 .
The most obvious change is the shift to the KVM hypervisor ( as opposed to Xen ) .
Xen is still in RHEL , but with RHEL 5.4 , Red Hat is signaling its intention that KVM ( eventually ) is to be Red Hat 's preferred Hypervisor .
It 's a preference that Red Hat execs have indicated at multiple points this year and should be no surprise since Red Hat now owns lead KVM vendor Qumranet .
RHEL is Red Hat 's flagship platform and the inclusion of KVM is the first really big shift for Red Hat 's new virtualization roadmap which favors KVM .
Red
Hat also has - in private beta - a standalone KVM hypervisor product as well as new server and desktop virtualization management application .
While KVM is the big new item in RHEL 5.4 , there are also a few other goodies for users to try out .
The stated destination of Tony Hall 's and Frank Wolf 's February 18 - 25 , 2000 conjugal junkets was Kona , Hawaii , home of the international campus and headquarters of Youth With a Mission .
YWAM is a global Christian ministry that owns the C Street House and whose founder Loren Cunningham proposes an ambitious plan for Christian domination in which believers achieve control of key societal sectors including government , business , media , and education : the 7 Mountains Mandate [ link : " 7 Mountains " promotional video . ]
The " 7M Mandate " as well as " Reclaiming the Seven Mountains , " is being promoted widely in a multilevel marketing campaign which includes websites with dowloadable Powerpoint presentations , affiliate programs , Teleseminars , professionally produced videos , inspirational posters and other dedicated graphic arts branding images , yearly conferences ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) , and traveling motivational speakers such as Lance Wallnau .
The 7 - M Mandate has also been promoted at Sarah Palin 's most significant church , the Wasilla Assembly of God .
YWAM also seeks to evangelize the world by driving out demon spirits the group alleges plague non-Christian areas of the world .
YWAM literature describes the area of the globe between the 10th and 40th parallels , where most of the world 's Buddhists , Hindus and Muslims live , as a " stronghold of Satan . "
In the Youth With a Mission book " Praying Through the 100 Gateway Cities " ( 1995 , YWAM Publishing ) contributing author Luis Bush writes , on page 15 , " [ w ] hy do committed Christians need to focus on the 10/40 Window ?
Because it is a stronghold of Satan .
The people living in the 10/40 Window have suffered not only hunger and a lower quality of life compared with the rest of humanity , but also have been kept from the transforming , life - giving , community - changing power of the gospel . "
YWAM Publishing currently sells a twelve tape audiotape series by Dean Sherman , Dean of the College of Christian Ministries at Youth With A Mission 's Kona , Hawaii University of the Nations , with the description ,
" God has called Christians to overcome the world and drive back the forces of evil and darkness at work within it .
Spiritual warfare is n't just casting out demons ; it 's Spirit - controlled thinking and attitudes .
Dean delivers a no - nonsense , both - feet - planted - on - the - ground approach to the unseen world . "
The Hall and Wolf Hawaii trips together cost $ 6,937 dollars .
The two congressmen wrote identical explanations on their respective forms as to the nature of their Hawaiian marital junkets : " Meeting with government officials , outreach and other National Prayer Breakfast activities . "
The explanations seemed to indicate that the bipartisan duo thought the National Prayer Breakfast was run by the United States government .
In reality , the National Prayer Breakfast , held annually since 1953 and whose speakers have included the rock singer Bono and King Abdullah of Jordan , is by far the most public event sponsored by The Family , also known as " The Fellowship " : a global Christian influence ring whose members have likened the group to a Christian mafia .
The private , shadowy Washington D.C. - based internationally influential fundamentalist Christian ministry was the subject of a 2008 book by journalist Jeff Sharlet , The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power .
Journalist Sharlet has characterized
The Family as an antidemocratic institution which celebrates the organizational accomplishments of Hitler 's Nazis and Bolshevik revolutionaries , and operates prayer cell - groups on Capital Hill that have included top Republican and Democratic Party senate leadership .
Longtime Family leader Douglas Coe , who has for decades been able to arrange private meetings with sitting US presidents , has come under scrutiny as footage has surfaced showing Coe expressing admiration for the dedication , and organizational and revolutionary prowess , of Hitler 's Nazis , Chinese Red Guard , and Lenin 's Bolshevik revolutionaries .
As shown in an April 3 , 2008 NBC expose ' , in 1989 video footage obtained by NBC Doug Coe described to an audience how , during the Chinese Cultural Revolution , young Chinese Red Guard chopped off the heads of their own parents , allegedly for the good of the Chinese communist state .
Coe stated , " they have to put the purposes of the Red Guard ahead of their father , mother , brother , sister , and their own life .
That was a covenant , a pledge .
That 's what Jesus said . "
Describing his time living in a house run by The Family , journalist Sharlet told NBC , " [ w ] e were being taught the leadership lessons of Hitler , Lenin , and Mao ... and I 'd say , ' Is n't there a problem with that ? ' and they would seem perplexed by the question . "
The Hall and Wolf 2000 Hawaii trips were part of a much larger pattern .
Over the last decade , Family members such as Oklahoma Senator James Inhofe have promoted the agenda of The Family while on US - paid foreign trips .
And , as revealed in on a July 28 , 2009 segment of the Rachel Maddow Show , the International Foundation , one of The Family 's non profits , has over the last decade paid more than $ 95,000 for twenty Congress members to go on foreign trips in which they met , in some cases , with world leaders .
During that show segment , journalist Sharlet stated that ,
" [ The Family 's ] long term goal is two hundred world rulers that are God-led and united through The Family .
They 're not like the ' Rapture Christians ' you might be familiar with .
They have this idea that Christ can't come back until they can build a worldwide movement that they call ' invisible ' - that 's their word - of strongmen , authoritarian leaders on that Hitler - Stalin - Mao model that they are linking together and that they have access , the leader says , with Washington as the capital of a " worldwide spiritual offensive . "
The Family runs the increasingly well - known " C Street House " , a well appointed Washington , D.C. townhouse valued at 1.8 million dollars , registered as a church , which provides substantially below - market to " Family " members , runs Bible study groups , and claims to cater to the spiritual well - being of Washington 's elite .
Combining a church , a rental agency and a Bible study center under the same roof , the C Street House has come under intense scrutiny during the summer of 2009 because of an outbreak of sex - scandals that to date have engulfed three national GOP politicians who have either lived at or attended Bible study sessions held at the house : GOP Senator John Ensign , North Carolina governor Mark Sanford , and Former GOP Congressional Representative Charles " Chip " Pickering .
Another Congress member C Street affiliated with the C Street House is Randy Forbes ( R - VA ) , who attends Bible study classes at the house .
Forbes has introduced a House Resolution , H. Res. 397 , which asserts the United States is a Christian nation and is replete with falsified American history .
For years , the program of The Family 's yearly signature event , the National Prayer Breakfast , has featured a falsified quote incorrectly attributed to George Washington , known as " Washington 's Prayer " .
GOP Congresswoman Michelle Bachmann has recently wielded the falsified Washington ' prayer ' , on the floor of the US Congress , to attack president Barack Obama .
Earlier today I finished reading the Programming in Scala book .
My review of the book should appear soon in the reviews.com site and the ACM Computing Reviews .
Here I outline briefly my view of the Scala language .
Scala combines with care , pragmatism , and gusto object - oriented and functional programming .
Only the most die - hard fanatics would fault its support for functional programming , yet Java programmers will initially feel at ease in the language 's object - oriented cocoon .
By supporting immutable values and actor syntax Scala may also offer us a way to tame the power of multi-core processors .
In general , Scala follows Perl�s � the language must serve the programmer� rather than Ada�s � the language must discipline the programmer� philosophy .
As a result although it has 10 fewer keywords than Java and 13 less than C++ Scala feels a bit heavy and difficult to master .
Perhaps a small comprehensive quick reference card could help in this regard .
The language is a remarkable improvement over many of its predecessors ; it�s a language I think worth mastering .
I 'm particularly impressed by its innovative support for API programming through library - provided domain - specific languages .
However , I can�t say I �m completely satisfied with Scala .
My immediate reservations from reading the book are the following .
It �s probably impossible for an average programmer to understand the language�s type system .
Consequently , the only way to verify whether a program is correct is to compile it .
Although the courageous revolutionary decision to adopt a sophisticated type system may advance the state of the art of programming , my fear is that it will promote a hacking mentality .
How else is a programmer supposed to respond to the error message " covariant type T occurs in contravariant position " ?
Java�s annotations although useful , are clearly an afterthought bolted onto the language .
I would have hoped that Scala would integrate them into the language - proper in a graceful manner .
I don�t think that native support for XML was justified .
XML is a lousy format for presenting structured data in a human - readable form , and has no place inside a program�s source code .
Scala�s DSL capability would be enough to support structured data specifications through a simple library .
Scala�s syntax could do with some more ironing to increase orthogonality and consistency .
For instance , why do we write i <- 1 to 10 i in 1 to 10 i <- 1 ... 10
Java did all programmers a favor by doing away with shorthand identifiers .
Scala�s mkString method brings us back to the dark ages of C�s strpbrk function .
I 've already downloaded the Scala implementation , and I intend to write a substantial project in Scala .
After that I hope to have a more comprehensive opinion on it .
[ H/t Gavin . ]
Rep. Brian Baird of Washington ( whose district includes Olympia and Vancouver ) has announced that , rather than run the risk of intentional disruption by the teabagging invaders at recent town - hall meetings , he is going to take another approach :
Instead of appearing in person , where " extremists " would have " the chance to shout and make YouTube videos , " Baird said Wednesday , he 's holding what he calls " telephone town halls " instead .
Baird said he 's using the new system because he fears his political opponents may be planning " an ambush " to disrupt his meetings , using methods Baird compared to Nazism .
" What we 're seeing right now is close to Brown Shirt tactics , " Baird , D - Vancouver , said in a phone interview .
" I mean that very seriously . "
Baird 's acute observation set off all kinds of predictable whining from the usual suspects on the right .
Indeed , the response from the right - wing media -- particularly on Fox -- so far to suggestions that extremists are manipulating these " tea party " protests has been to snort and roll their eyes .
Of course , these are the same right - wingers who had a conniption fit over a Homeland Security bulletin about right - wing extremism by somewhat tellingly conflating its contents to include them -- only to have those warnings come starkly true .
The same right - wingers who have been doing their damnedest to whitewash out of public view the very existence of these same far - right elements .
The reality is that , in western Washington , there is very much a substantial presence of right - wing extremists with whom Baird has had to deal over the years .
Including , yes , neo -Nazis and skinheads of various stripes .
More frequently , however , it 's come from the far - right " Patriot " / militia movement -- descended but distinct from white supremacists -- whose presence in the region appears to be resurging in recent months .
This is the same element that came surging to the fore in the last go - round of " Tea Parties " on July 4 nationally .
Along with their extremist beliefs -- including a bevy of conspiracy theories and scapegoating narratives , as well as an unmistakable racial animus -- the violent and thuggish tendencies of the Patriot movement is a matter of well - established public record .
So it is not a surprise to see such behavior bubbling up whenever and wherever they are involving themselves .
A prime example of this is the video above .
It 's a 10 - minute rant advocating a " Second Civil War " if President Obama is able to enact his " socialist " agenda , delivered by a man named Ron Ewart , a King County resident who runs an outfit called the National Association of Rural Landowners , which has been built off the bones of the organizations left behind by the late crackpot Aaron Russo .
NARLO , you see , is not only a big " Tea Party " supporter , it is also a major sponsor .
It 's listed by ResistNet as one of the sponsors of the Sept. 12 " Tea Party " in Washington , D.C .
In addition to calling for open , armed revolt against the Obama administration , Ewart and NARLO have produced videos such as the one below , which indulges a number of ugly racial stereotypes in attacking President Obama as " the essence of evil " and a man who intends to " destroy America . "
You also get the flavor of NARLO 's extremism by reading their " About " page :
Unless we organize and continue this fight , unless we get angry , unless we take action , without a doubt , the Republic that we know and love and what the founding fathers envisioned , is going to die a slow , agonizing and wrenching death .
It 's already showing tell tale signs .
Unless we come together in a cohesive fighting unit , our freedoms and liberty shall fade into the dark chasm of socialism and radical environmentalism .
Unless we come together for awhile and set aside our individualism and total independence , or our apathy and be willing to join with others who are fighting this WAR against Government excesses , our children and grandchildren will have to live in the invisible chains of the New World Order , perpetrated on all of us by internationalists who want our money and our land .
Make no mistake , they are well on their way to getting it .
Are we going to stop them , or are we going to just sit there and let them do it ?
We here at NARLO know how to stop them .
Do you ?
If you knew what we have learned and now know , you would n't be able to wait to get involved .
Now , as for neo -Nazis , skinheads , and other overt white supremacists , I 've seen very few indications of their presence at the Tea Parties .
Nonetheless , as the ADL warned a few weeks ago , they probably are showing up and participating , but not raising their presence yet :
On Stormfront , the most popular white supremacist Internet forum , members have discussed becoming local organizers of the " Tea Parties " and finding ways to involve themselves in the events .
Many racists have voiced their intent to attend these rallies for the purpose of cultivating an " organized grassroots
White mass movement , " with some suggesting that they would do so without openly identifying themselves as racists .
All of this tends to lead to Sara 's question
: Are we there yet ?
Are we looking at an outbreak of fascist behavior on a large scale ?
My own take : Real fascism is always violent .
We ’re getting some light violence around the edges here , but fascism always openly embraces the ethos of violence , and that ’s not present here ... yet .
But we ’re getting closer all the time , and the town - hall - forum hooliganism -- particularly the growing presence of right - wing extremists in their ranks -- is definitely a significant step down that road .
We may not be there , but we are cruising the parking lot .
There are no fixed rules in photography , but there are guidelines which can often help you to enhance the impact of your photos .
It may sound clichéd , but the only rule in photography is that there are no rules .
However , there are are number of established composition guidelines which can be applied in almost any situation , to enhance the impact of a scene .
These guidelines will help you take more compelling photographs , lending them a natural balance , drawing attention to the important parts of the scene , or leading the viewer 's eye through the image .
Once you are familiar with these composition tips , you 'll be surprised at just how universal most of them are .
You 'll spot them everywhere , and you 'll find it easy to see why some photos " work " while others feel like simple snapshots .
Rule of Thirds
Imagine that your image is divided into 9 equal segments by 2 vertical and 2 horizontal lines .
The rule of thirds says that you should position the most important elements in your scene along these lines , or at the points where they intersect .
Doing so will add balance and interest to your photo .
Some cameras even offer an option to superimpose a rule of thirds grid over the LCD screen , making it even easier to use .
Balancing Elements
Placing your main subject off - centre , as with the rule of thirds , creates a more interesting photo , but it can leave a void in the scene which can make it feel empty .
You can achieve a balanced composition and even out the main subject 's " visual weight " by including another object of lesser importance to fill the space .
Leading Lines
When we look at a photo our eye is naturally drawn along lines .
By thinking about how you place these leading lines in your composition , you can affect the way we view the image , pulling us into the picture , towards the subject , or on a journey " through " the scene .
There are many different types of line - straight , diagonal , curvy , zigzag , radial etc - and each can be used to enhance our photo 's composition .
Symmetry and Patterns
We are surrounded by symmetry and patterns , both natural and man-made .
They can make for very eye - catching compositions , particularly in situations where they are not expected .
Another great way to use them is to break the symmetry or pattern in some way , introducing tension and a focal point to the scene .
Viewpoint
Before photographing your subject , take time to think about where you will shoot it from .
Our viewpoint has a massive impact on the composition of our photo , and as a result it can greatly affect the message that the shot conveys .
Rather than just shooting from eye level , consider photographing from high above , down at ground level , from the side , from the back , from a long way away , from very close up , and so on .
Background
How many times have you taken what you thought would be a great shot , only to find that the final image lacks impact because the subject blends into a busy background ?
The human eye is excellent at distinguishing between different elements in a scene , whereas a camera has a tendency to flatten the foreground and background , and this can often ruin an otherwise great photo .
Thankfully this problem is usually easy to overcome at the time of shooting - look around for a plain and unobtrusive background and compose your shot so that it does n't distract or detract from the subject .
Depth
Because photography is a two - dimensional medium , we have to choose our composition carefully to conveys the sense of depth that was present in the actual scene .
You can create depth in a photo by including objects in the foreground , middle ground and background .
Another useful composition technique is overlapping , where you deliberately partially obscure one object with another .
The human eye naturally recognises these layers and mentally separates them out , creating an image with more depth .
Framing
The world is full of objects which make perfect natural frames , such as trees , archways and holes .
By placing these around the edge of the composition you help to isolate the main subject from the outside world .
The result is a more focused image which draws your eye naturally to the main point of interest .
Cropping
Often a photo will lack impact because the main subject is so small it becomes lost among the clutter of its surroundings .
By cropping tight around the subject you eliminate the background " noise " , ensuring the subject gets the viewer 's undivided attention .
Experimentation
With the dawn of the digital age in photography we no longer have to worry about film processing costs or running out of shots .
As a result , experimenting with our photos ' composition has become a real possibility ; we can fire off tons of shots and delete the unwanted ones later at absolutely no extra cost .
Take advantage of this fact and experiment with your composition - you never know whether an idea will work until you try it .
Composition in photography is far from a science , and as a result all of the " rules " above should be taken with a pinch of salt .
If they do n't work in your scene , ignore them ; if you find a great composition that contradicts them , then go ahead and shoot it anyway .
But they can often prove to be spot on , and are worth at least considering whenever you are out and about with your camera .
Did you enjoy this article ?
Please share it !
We reported last week that the release of the official Facebook application for Android is slated to happen any day .
Â
A few of us thought it might have been timed to coincide with the launch of the myTouch 3G .Â
Well as we all know , that was yesterday .
Â
So whenever you ’re ready guys …
Some screen shots have shown up in the website for the Android Market .
Â
The LeakDroid team found three pictures that indicate a widget comes bundled with the app .
Â
Although they ’re not very big pics , it looks like a well designed application from what we see so far .
Stay tuned to AndroidGuys for more as we gather it .
In an effort to expose the fructose - and sodium - laced underbelly of the Bay Area foodie scene , SFist asked famous gastronomic types to reveal their junk food habits of choice .
In order of inbox arrival , here 's how they responded .
National Geographic has been on the forefront of photography for over100 years .
Their timeless images taken all over the world will live on as some of the best nature and human photography of all time .
The examples listed below are only from the past 3 years of National Geographic Magazine and are just a sample of some of the breathtaking images captured in the magazine .
All images courtesy of National Geographic Magazine .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has called on Burma 's military junta to release opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and all other political prisoners .
Mr Ban made the request during talks with Gen Than Shwe in the remote administrative capital Nay Pyi Taw .
He also asked to be able to visit Ms Suu Kyi in jail in person , but said he had not yet been given permission .
Ms Suu Kyi , a Nobel Peace laureate , has spent much of the past two decades in prison or under house arrest .
Her trial , on charges of breaking the terms of her house arrest , has been adjourned for another week .
Mr Ban said he had had " a very frank and extensive exchange of views on all the matters of the spectrum of issues pertaining to Myanmar [ Burma ] , " during nearly two hours of talks with Gen Than Shwe , the country 's top military leader .
Mr Ban said he had been assured that elections planned for 2010 would be " held in a fair , free and transparent manner " .
" I proposed and I urged that all political prisoners should be released before this election begins , so that this election can be all inclusive , " the AFP news agency quoted him as saying .
Burma 's political prisoners are thought to number about 2,100 .
Risky trip Mr Ban said he had also asked Gen Than Shwe whether he could see Ms Suu Kyi in person before he left Burma .
A LIFE IN DETENTION 1988 : Junta comes to power after crushing pro-democracy uprising 1989 : Martial law declared ; opposition NLD leader Aung San Suu Kyi put under house arrest 1990 : NLD wins elections ; result rejected by the ruling junta 1995 : Suu Kyi freed from house arrest ; movements restricted Sept 2000 : Under house arrest for trying to defy travel curbs May 2002 : Released unconditionally May 2003 : Detained after clash between NLD and junta forces Sep 2003 : Home after surgery , under effective house arrest
UN chief 's big gamble " He told me that she is on trial but I told him this is my proposal , this is important and I am waiting for their consideration and reply , " said Mr Ban .
When asked when he was expecting an answer from the junta , Mr Ban replied : " I am leaving tomorrow , so logically speaking I am waiting for a reply before my departure . "
If Mr Ban is eventually allowed to meet Ms Suu Kyi , he would be the first UN secretary general to do so .
The trial of 64 - year - old Ms Suu Kyi has caused outrage around the world .
Critics of Burma 's military government have dismissed it as a ruse to keep the opposition leader locked up until after next year 's election .
Ms Suu Kyi's lawyers have been appealing against the judge 's ban on testimony from three defence witnesses .
One additional defence witness will be allowed to testify .
" The Supreme Court did not send the case files to the lower court , so the case has been adjourned until July 10 , " said her lawyer , Nyan Win .
He added Ms Suu Kyi had expressed surprise at the further delay .
The BBC's Laura Trevelyan , in Nay Pyi Taw , says Mr Ban is thought to believe he has a rapport with Gen Than Shwe .
But the UN always knew this would be a risky trip , and so far Mr Ban has not managed to gain any concessions from Burma 's ruling generals , says our correspondent .
Time and again , the UN has politely requested Aung San Suu Kyi's release
Kenneth Roth
Human Rights Watch
Why is junta afraid of Suu Kyi ?
In his opening statement to the junta leader , Mr Ban had said he appreciated the general 's " commitment to move the country forward " .
" I would like to contribute , to work together , for peace and prosperity , " he said .
The government called national polls in May 1990 which Ms Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy ( NLD ) won convincingly , but the junta refused to hand over control , and has remained in power ever since .
The BBC's Jonathan Head says the failure of many previous UN missions to Burma has at least lowered expectations of this one .
But Mr Ban needs to come away with something more than a few token prisoner releases if he is to avoid charges that his visit is merely being used by Burma 's military rulers to boost their legitimacy , our correspondent says .
Success and failure
This is Mr Ban 's first visit to Burma since he persuaded the junta in May 2008 to accept international aid in the wake of Cyclone Nargis , which killed nearly 140,000 people .
Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party was brutally suppressed by the army Critics say there is little sign that the UN has wrung any other concessions from the regime .
But some analysts speculate that Mr Ban may have been given an indication by the generals that the visit could harbour some kind of positive result .
Ms Suu Kyi was transferred from house arrest to prison in May after an American man swam to her lakeside house .
She faces up to five years in jail if convicted .
Human Rights Watch said Mr Ban should not accept the return of Ms Suu Kyi to house arrest as a sign of a successful visit .
" Time and again , the UN has politely requested Aung San Suu Kyi's release , but her ' release ' back to house arrest would be a huge failure , " said executive director Kenneth Roth .
The NLD leader led a revolt against Burmese dictator Gen Ne Win in 1988 , calling for peaceful democratic reform and free elections .
But her movement was brutally suppressed by the army , which seized power in a coup on 18 September 1988 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On the 70th anniversary of the outbreak of the Second World War , Robert McCrum considers the legacy of the greatest conflict the world has ever witnessed
When I was born in 1953 , just after the coronation of Elizabeth II , I had a ration book .
This flimsy , red cardboard log now looks like a passport to another country .
Many things about that postwar Britain have become unrecognisable : cod liver oil , steam trains , rag - and - bone men , bobbies and telegram boys on bicycles and standing to attention for the national anthem at the end of cinema programmes .
Looking back , the black - and - white postwar images seem appropriate .
Life in peacetime Britain was grey , threadbare , dreary and hopeless .
There was a national sense of " Was this what we fought for ? "
As one American commentator put it , the British certainly believed they had won the war , but they behaved as though they had lost it .
Seventy years have gone by since the Second World War began and 64 since it ended .
That dwindling minority of Britons , some 3 million , who lived through those six extraordinary years remember them as the most vivid moment in their lives and still refer to " the last war " .
So do the 11 million baby boomers and the 20 million over 60 .
Even some of their grandchildren will articulate this instinctive reflex .
Britain has fought in some dozen wars and " emergencies " since 1945 , but it 's the Second World War that casts the longest shadow .
As the D - Day anniversary celebrations indicate , this is one war that has not gone away .
Seventy years on , the experience and memory of wartime boil down to perhaps five myths that continue to condition our responses to everyday life .
First , Dunkirk .
This has come to stand for the idea that in any national endeavour , especially sporting or military , Britons are almost certain to pluck defeat from the jaws of victory .
At the same time , for millions of British children , separation and loss became the defining experience of total war – evacuation , a trauma that lies at the heart of a classic like The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe .
The evacuation to the countryside links to a third , pastoral element of Britain 's wartime inheritance , expressed in the phrase " Dig for Victory " .
This was the idea that by the sweat of honest brows , the British could somehow survive .
Shovels and spades would also be deployed in the cities , to rescue the victims of the Luftwaffe 's bombardment .
The Blitz , fourth , is an essential element of Britain 's wartime legacy .
After the 7/7 bombings in London , the " spirit of the Blitz " was referred to ad nauseam by press and public .
In contrast to the near - hysteria of many Americans after 9/11 , many Britons from generations born decades after the Blitz proudly advertised the stoical repression of their feelings in a fierce display of national character .
The fifth and final inheritance of war – perhaps the ultimate peace dividend – is the sustained sense of moral superiority derived from standing alone against fascism .
Roosevelt 's secretary of state , Cordell Hull , wrote in his memoirs : " Never have I admired a people more than I admired the British in the summer and autumn of 1940 .
Even the children seemed to realise that upon their indomitable spirit depended not only their own fate , but also that of the whole democratic world . "
When the war actually ended , these five strands were not yet fully encrypted into the national myth .
Britain was on its knees .
Wartime , and its immediate aftermath of cold and hunger , was literally a moment of deepest winter .
December 1947 was the coldest of the century , another source for the frosty wastes of Narnia .
Slowly , a great thaw began .
By the mid-50s , green shoots were poking through .
Soon there would be an age of plenty , and any amount of Turkish Delight .
The landscape would not heal so fast .
I remember seeing London " bomb sites " as a child and hearing the stories of the Blitz from my grandfather , who had been a civil servant with the Ministry of Supply .
A range of peculiar British institutions with first and second wartime origins continued to shape the contours of daily life : British summer time , pub closing hours , and poppy day .
It was perfectly normal to see veterans in wheelchairs at bus stops or with missing limbs in railway station waiting rooms .
As children , we had a nourishing , but dreary , diet of shepherd 's pie , toad in the hole , bangers and mash , fried fish and the occasional roast chicken .
Institutional menus inevitably featured Spam , corned beef , lettuce and " salad cream " .
Powdered eggs were commonplace and so was " bread and dripping " .
Kia -Ora orange squash was one kind of juvenile luxury that anyone over 50 will remember , but water usually came from the tap .
Anyone who can recall these and other mundane details of everyday life , or who can remember the moment Kennedy was assassinated , is not only a citizen of postwar Britain , but is also likely to have been shaped by the age of austerity and the aftermath of total war .
Broadly speaking , it amounts to the contemporary British establishment .
It 's quite a roll call .
Let 's see : the Prince of Wales ( Charles Philip Arthur George Windsor ) , born 1948 ; the prime minister ( Gordon Brown ) , born 1951 ; the former poet laureate ( Andrew Motion ) , born 1952 ; the head of the home civil service ( Sir Gus O'Donnell ) , born 1952 ; the Archbishop of Canterbury ( Rowan Williams ) , born 1950 .
Who else ?
Many senior figures of the British literary establishment are postwar babies : Martin Amis ( 1949 ) , Julian Barnes ( 1946 ) , and Ian McEwan ( 1948 ) .
Many vice - chancellors ; several business leaders ; Adair Turner of the FSA ( 1955 ) ; various thespians and public figures – Patrick Stewart ( 1940 ) , Ian McKellen ( 1939 ) , Derek Jacobi ( 1938 ) ; Joanna Lumley ( 1946 ) , Esther Rantzen ( 1940 ) , Ann Widdecombe ( 1947 ) .
These names represent the 20 million for whom " the last war " continues to be an essential psychic landmark , established in everyone 's mind by German Stukas screaming out of Polish skies in September 1939 .
1939 will not mean much to an American , a Japanese or a Russian .
For Britons of that generation , however , it 's a date that sets off a cacophony of signals .
Adam Phillips , the writer and child psychotherapist , was born in 1954 .
How does he assess the psychic cost of war ?
His father , who died in 1998 , fought with tanks in North Africa and apparently " loved the war " .
Phillips warns against glamorising the conflict , but concludes that anyone over , say , 50 is probably " more haunted than they realise by their parents ' experience of war " .
This haunting takes many forms , says Phillips .
In the immediate aftermath of conflict , there 's the extraordinary transition from states of fear and exhilaration to the routines of civilian life .
Having a family and raising children in peacetime inevitably took place in " a highly disturbed emotional atmosphere " .
We must remember , says Phillips , that " for those who survived , the war was incredibly exciting and really unrecoverable from .
There 's a radical incompatibility between wartime and peacetime existence .
Coming home from the war meant adjusting to the fact that the rest of your life is going to be incredibly boring " .
At the same time , the wartime generation had learnt to adjust to separation , isolation and loss , and – something they would pass on to their children – to " not feeling hurt when you were hurt " .
To be equipped for conflict , according to Phillips , requires " self - anaesthesia " , which he sees as a dominant motif in postwar British life .
Summarising the traumatic dividends of the Second World War , Phillips concludes that the postwar generations were " either envious of people who had fought in the war ; or strongly identified with the dead ( and no longer found life worth living ) ; or felt they were living a kind of ' death in life ' ; or would ask obsessively , ' Where 's the excitement ? ' "
As a result , Phillips contends , post - war Britons are either obsessed by loss and grief , which expresses itself in nostalgia , or obsessively pleasure - seeking , or unbearably triumphalist .
When you cast your mind back over Britain 's recent national landmarks , events like the Jubilee , the World Cup , royal weddings and funerals , VE Day and Armistice Day parades , you find that the dominant mood is a bittersweet mixture of pride and regret , patriotism and embarrassment , a longing to escape the curse of war mixed with the thrill of its memory , tangled up with an anxiety about the legacy of imperialism .
The shadow of " the last war " looms over the wider English - speaking world .
William Cran , an award - winning documentary film - maker , was born in Australia in 1946 and came to this country as a small boy on the SS Otranto .
He makes the point that not only was he growing up among adults whose conversations about the recent war were intensely vivid and influential , but also that , from the beginning of the Depression and throughout the war , more than a decade , there had been very little progress .
Britain was not just in thrall to the cost of its victory , but it seemed somehow frozen in time .
Everywhere , there was bomb damage , abandoned houses and the hangovers of wartime : old newsreel footage on the BBC , ration cards and the routine disciplines of the home front .
" We were incredibly thrifty , " says Cran .
" To this day , I can never leave food uneaten on my plate .
When my mother died , I found drawers stuffed full of old envelopes she 'd saved for reuse . "
Cran admits that the wartime mentality lingered in other strange ways .
" I used to say , ' I 'm not going to go on holiday to Germany . '
Italy and France , yes , but Germany , no .
My big thing was not buying a German car .
When I finally bought an Audi a few years ago , I had to think about it very hard . "
He laughs in mild self - amazement .
" So you could say my war ended in 2002 . "
Looking back , Cran remembers the early 50s as " a happy time , but rather dull .
Then there was this flashbulb moment – rock 'n'roll .
I remember Bill Haley and the Comets … " This was 1956 ; he was 10 .
" In my school , we used to have playground fights about the relative merits of Bill Haley and Elvis Presley versus Tommy Steele .
I remember the Archbishop of Canterbury preaching a sermon against rock 'n'roll .
So then you knew that good things were happening . "
Sometimes , history , usually so deliberate and incremental , seems to speed up in a torrent of convulsive change .
The 50s were like that .
Once the war was over , the aftershocks just kept on coming : Korea , Suez , the Bay of Pigs , the war in Vietnam and the death of JFK , all within 20 years of VE Day .
( That , in the context of our own times , is as recent as the fall of the Berlin Wall . )
The 50s also saw perhaps the first pay - off from the war , the changing shape of women 's lives .
Mary Beard , a Cambridge classics professor , was born in Shropshire in 1955 .
For her , the significance of the Second World War was that it began the liberation of British women , paving the way for the feminist movement of the 1970s .
The Beard family 's war was probably not untypical .
Mary 's father had " a cushy number in Cairo " , but her schoolteacher mother was evacuated from the Blitz in Liverpool , first to Cheshire and then to north Wales .
" For me , " Beard says , " the war was all about the home front .
Now , when I think about it , the experience of the war was always part of the family conversation . "
She says her mother found the war a liberating and politicising experience .
Moving from Toxteth to a " frightfully posh " part of Cheshire , her mother came " face to face with the British class structure " .
All her stories of the war were of female empowerment .
" So if , as a child , I thought of the war , " Beard goes on , " it was as something that was quite fun .
In our family , there were no walking wounded and absolutely no losses , none .
The war was a life - changing experience , certainly , but it was a positive and liberating event .
My parents even had a phrase for it that I always found a bit strange .
They used to say they'd had ' a good war ' . "
She recognises now that she internalised her mother 's experience .
" My mother 's liberation made all the difference .
She and her friends were young women in their twenties who were given unique opportunities , thanks to the war .
Feminism and the feminist movement comes from these opportunities – it's Rosie the Riveter who inspired the opportunities that came to postwar women .
Of course , in war women get killed , raped , etc , but it is a driver of social change .
In some ways , I think that women benefited more than the working - class men from the Second World War . "
Beard acknowledges the impact on her own life .
" Yes , I was a low - level beneficiary , " she admits .
" You could say that women 's careers have been assisted by the death of men . "
Britain 's schools have begun to change our understanding of the past , but they still reflect the experiences and values of a generation for whom " the last war " remains vivid , present , and real .
Shirley Boffey is the head teacher of Coleridge primary school in Crouch End , north London .
The war is real enough to her , definitely less so to the children under her care .
Shirley Boffey 's father , now dead , fought at Arnhem and was always happy to reminisce about his experiences , mainly a self - deprecating account of arriving on the battlefield too late to be a hero .
Her mother 's war was all to do with the family 's evacuation from the Channel Islands , where she had grown up .
Like Mary Beard , Boffey remembers that it was the First World War , in which her grandfather had been gassed , that made the biggest impression on her young life .
" I suppose both wars fascinated me , " she says , " because of my dad and my grandad . "
In her own life , the legacy of war has been the ingrained habit of prudence and frugality .
" War makes you cautious about the immediate future , " she says .
" For years , my mum kept a stock of tinned food in the cupboard .
Tinned fruit , tinned soup , Spam . "
She laughs .
" My mum still has a cupboard full of tins .
I suppose it gives her a sense of security . "
But when " the last war " comes up in school , it 's taught in quite a theoretical way , as in : " Is war against another country a good thing ? " and : " What are the justifications of war ? "
Or there will be an element of " living history " – cooking wartime food and making ration books .
Yes , her primary school children do know who Hitler was .
" We talk about the Holocaust , " she says , " and we read The Diary of Anne Frank .
I suppose the emphasis would be on the emotions of war , and the lesson , for the pupils , that wars come with a cost . "
Schools no longer belt out " Onward , Christian Soldiers " , but the Women 's Institute still rallies to the singing of " Jerusalem " .
Britain 's sense of moral superiority is not supported by churchgoing , but it persists none the less .
This is the final legacy of " the last war " , one that persists into the 21st century , and it seems to flow directly from the events of 1940 - 41 , between Poland and Pearl Harbor , when the " world war " was still essentially a European conflict in which the British Isles " stood alone " against the Axis powers .
The shadow of " the last war " falls across Europe , too .
I spoke to writer and documentary film - maker Nick Fraser ( born 1948 ) , who is half - French – his father , a major in D - Day invasion army , met his future wife during the Normandy campaign of 1944 – about the moral dividend Britain extracted from this period .
" Look , " he says , " in Britain it always seemed simpler .
We had ' a good war ' .
The French had ' a bad war '. "
Fraser is shocked to recall that he did n't really know about the Holocaust until he was about 17 , but thinks this collective amnesia was deliberate .
Fraser contrasts the fall of France with Churchill 's finest hour .
" The defeat of the Third Republic was a horrible and humiliating experience .
I never remember a single conversation about this ; it was simply not spoken about .
My family had a great admiration for the Brits .
Anglophobia came from Paris .
In Normandy , they were pleased to get rid of the Germans . "
George Orwell once wrote that France in the 30s was a cross between a museum and a brothel .
Fraser believes that , in the long run , France has benefited from its defeat .
" Britain should get out of the habit of grandstanding on the world stage , " he suggests .
" We should learn to behave like the Scandinavians .
The Iraq war is an example of how the memory of the Second World War makes us think in the wrong way . "
Britain 's apparently arrogant detachment from the European experiment comes from a mixture of geography , history and the last war .
The experience of being an island that has successfully resisted invasion has become crucial to our self - image .
Who can forget the Sun headline after the England football team lost an away match to Germany ?
" OK .
You beat us at our national game , but we beat you at yours 2-0 ! "
British nationalism ebbs and flows in its intensity .
In the early 1960s , after the years of renewal ( 1945 -63 ) , there was a youthful rejection of the parental message .
Suddenly it was " make love , not war " and " the Summer of Love " , with men and boys dressing , as Martin Amis puts it , " like clowns , not conscripts " .
For women , there was the lesson of their mothers ' war .
After the 1960s , women took charge of their lives in more and more assertive ways .
Inevitably , there would be a revolt against the backlash .
The Thatcher revolution reasserted the wartime values of belligerence , stoicism , chauvinism and repression .
At the same time , the closing decades of the last century saw the erosion of the social and industrial base that had sustained the war effort .
By the turn of the century , the Orwell Prize - winning historian Tony Judt writes in Reappraisals : " We have become stridently insistent – in our economic calculations , our political practices , our international strategies , even our educational priorities – that the past has nothing of interest to teach us .
Ours , we insist , is a new world . "
Almost , but not quite .
Those for whom " the last war " has a resonance cannot escape it , even if they might want to .
And in the minds of many Britons of the older generation , the fleet is still steaming up the Channel in battle grey , the RAF stands by ready to " scramble " , the pound is a national symbol and the monarch is on her throne .
When adversity strikes , there is a well - rehearsed repertoire of responses on which we can fall back , with relief .
As one of the Observer 's interviewees ( William Cran ) observed , when we spoke about the impact of the credit crunch : " It feels as though I am getting back to normal .
I 'm saving money .
I 'm wearing out my shoes .
If I have to , I 'll dig up the garden and plant potatoes . "
May The Force Be With Me : Syd Lexia vs. 1983 Star Wars Cookies
A long time ago in a factory in Connecticut ...
STAR WARS COOKIES !
Wow , what a horrible fucking opening line .
I mean seriously , the " long time ago " joke has been beaten into the ground , raped , and left for dead so many times that only the most creatively bankrupt of writers would ever consider using it .
Then again , there are n't many Star Wars jokes you can make that have n't been made a thousand times before by people with far sharper wit than you .
Luckily for me , and for you , the esteemed reader , I 'm not here to crack wise about Star Wars ; I 'm here to eat a box of Star Wars Cookies from 1983 .
This particular box is chocolate - flavored , and the cookies are shaped like the evil forces of the Empire .
This is an absolutely terrible idea , but it is not my first time attempting something this stupid ; in 2005 , I consumed a box of Batman cereal from 1989 and a bottle of Sugar Free Pepsi Free from 1982 .
But at 26 years old , this will be the oldest foodstuff I have ever attempted to digest , and well , I 've got a bad feeling about this .
Being as I can see myself potentially dying during the course of this article or shortly thereafter , I have decided to give you a rare glimpse into my otherwise private life .
So before we get to the part where I eat expired cookies graven in the image of Lord Vader , let 's take a brief look at what it 's like to be Syd Lexia .
This is my toilet .
This is where I will likely spend several hours puking heavily after eating the Star Wars cookies .
Under Massachusetts law , the most powerful toilet you can install in your home is a five gallon flush , so that is what this toilet is .
Personally , I do n't see what fucking right the state of Massachusetts has to tell me how powerful my toilet can be .
It 's * my * fucking water bill , and if I want to use ten gallons of water on every flush , that 's my goddam prerogative .
A lot of the time , five gallons of water just is n't enough ; it does n't provide sufficient force to make certain things go down the toilet .
For example , especially chunky vomit .
You may also notice that the left side of my toilet is unnecessarily close to the wall .
This is because I hate dangerously overweight people and I do n't want them desecrating my porcelain shrine .
Get on a treadmill , you fat fuck .
This is my sister , Kris Lexia .
She 's been referenced several times on the site and she occasionally posts on the forums , but her character has never been explored .
However , that 's about to change .
The upcoming SydLexia.com Expanded Universe novella In The Shadowy Shadows of Sexy Justice : Give Me Back My Fucking Wallet will formally introduce the character of Kris Lexia to the world .
While I embark on a solemn quest of blood vengeance against the Georgian prostitute who stole my wallet , Kris finds herself home alone .
After fending off sexual advances from special guest star Pauly Shore , Kris overcomes her fear of the basement .
It is there , under a pile of Michael Crichton novels that I got right after the Jurassic Park movie came out but was never ambitious enough to read , that she discovers a dossier containing the shocking truth : she is a female clone of me , created when I was twelve years old , which is not even remotely similar to the relationship between Jango Fett and Boba Fett .
Kris , as it turns out , was created because my parents were convinced I was going to get into the medicine cabinet , eat a bunch of fucking pills , and accidentally kill myself .
I do n't know why they thought that .
They were odd people .
They used to leave Post - it notes on my bedroom door : " Syd , your allowance is in the Demerol bottle in the medicine cabinet , underneath all those delicious candy - like pills .
Love , Mom and Dad . "
They always looked a little disappointed when they 'd see me later in the day , thumbing through the baseball cards I had bought with my allowance .
I guess they did n't like baseball .
But I digress .
Anyway , Kris Lexia is on hand to make sure I do n't die .
At the first real sign of trouble , she 's going to use that bitchin ' portable phone to contact emergency medical services .
Well , unless one of her dumb little friends sends her a YouTube link and she gets distracted ; then I 'm pretty much fucked .
Oh well .
This is Melrose - Wakefield Hospital .
First established in 1893 , Melrose - Wakefield Hospital is a 234 - bed hospital located in Melrose , Massachusetts .
It is the closest hospital to my house , and treatment there is authorized under my current health insurance .
If Kris Lexia is forced to call 911 , this is where I will be taken .
As far as hospitals go , there 's only one word that truly describes it : adequate .
This is Holy Cross Cemetery , a nice wholesome Catholic graveyard located in Malden , Massachusetts .
It is the final resting place of Red Sox great Tony Conigliaro , that one guy who played Fredo in the Godfather movies , and two of my grandparents .
And as you can probably guess from the giant green highway signs in the background , this is a VERY classy place .
Being a nice wholesome Catholic boy , this is where I wish to be interred when I die .
And should this cookie adventure go as badly as humanly possible , that internment could be happening sooner rather than later .
In the event of my untimely and extremely idiotic death , you are all cordially invited to attend my funeral ; Kris Lexia will post the details .
It will be quite the spectacle , that I promise .
I wo n't spoil any of the big surprises , but I will tell you this : the world 's seventh best Bon Jovi cover band will play " Blaze of Glory " to open my funeral mass .
Also , I would really like my own mausoleum , and it would be nice if you assholes could all chip in .
Okay , enough stalling .
Now that you 've met my toilet , my sister , and my future resting place , I guess it 's time for me to crack open this box of cookies .
Star Wars Cookies ( Chocolate ) contain no artificial colors , flavors , or preservatives .
This was probably a huge selling point back in the day , but this is very fucking bad news for me .
The lack of preservatives and chemicals in these cookies greatly increases the chance that these damn things will make me sick or end my life .
This particular box of cookies has a " sell by " date of October 15 , 1983 .
And while it is very important to note that a " sell by " date is * not * an expiration date , you should eat a food product within a reasonable window of time after the " sell by " date .
Is 26 years later a reasonable window of time ?
Probably not , and it will never be a zombie movie .
But that 's not important right now .
There were thirty cookies in the box , twelve of which were broken into one or more pieces .
The rest of them were in surprisingly good condition .
Well , aside from the smell .
When I opened the shiny plastic within the cookie box , I was greeted by a distinctive chemical smell that closely resembles a fresh coat of a very low quality emulsion paint .
Oh god , this is going to turn out badly .
Please click on the button below to donate to my mausoleum fund .
Star Wars Cookies Chocolate : The Imperial Forces come in five different shapes .
The most important of these shapes is , of course , Darth Vader .
He may be a painfully obvious choice , but that 's okay .
Hell , it 's more than okay , it 's smart marketing .
After all , this is a box of snacky treats aimed at prepubescent boys , many of whom had only a casual interest in Star Wars , not the fifth series of some goddam Kenner toyline .
I do n't know if Darth Vader was intentionally less common than the other cookie shapes , but there were only two Sith Lords in my box of cookies ; both of them were broken .
You may notice that there 's a giant disparity between the color of the cookie on the box art and the color of the cookie in my photograph .
This is , for the most part , not a result of the notoriously awkward lighting in my house ; it is a result of the cookies being way too fucking old .
Next up , we have Jabba the Hutt .
Jabba the Hutt is one of the most iconic characters not just in Return of the Jedi , but in the entire Star Wars universe .
Being as this fat bastard once forced Princess Leia to wear the infamous golden bikini , I do n't think anyone can argue that he is undeserving of being immortalized in cookie form .
Well , they COULD , but they 'd either be ignorant , a complete asshole , or both .
Jabba was a great choice , and I am certain that his cookies were amazingly delicious when they were fresh .
There were seven Jabbas in my box of cookies .
BEFORE I FORGET : Here are the box scans .
You know you want them .
Let 's see , so far we 've got Jabba and Darth Vader , two of the most beloved villains in the Star Wars mythos .
Can the next fun cookie shape live up to such awesomeness ?
Apparently not ; it 's Bib Fortuna .
Bib Fortuna , for those of you who do n't remember , was basically Jabba 's doorman .
Sure , he did all sorts of cool shit in the Expanded Universe , but when Return of the Jedi first came out , he was a complete fucking tool .
Nobody fucking cared about Bib Fortuna in 1983 .
Hell , very few fans care about him now .
And while I can sympathize with the desire to put a new character from the new movie into the cookie box , picking such a minor character was a poor choice , especially when they could have used Boba Fett instead .
Oh well , maybe the next shape will be better .
There were seven Bib Fortunas in my box .
Okay , what the fuck is this ?
The Emperor 's Royal Guard ?
Those fucking douchebags in the hideous red outfits ?
Who the fucking hell though this would be a good inclusion ?
Picking shapes for Dark Side cookies should have been the easiest fucking job in the world .
You want five shapes ?
How about this : Darth Vader , Emperor Palpatine , Imperial Stormtrooper , Jabba the Hutt , Boba Fett .
That 's a slam fucking dunk , right there .
But do we get a Palpatine cookie ?
No .
Do we get a stormtrooper cookie ?
No .
That 's right , the most ubiquitous symbol of the Empire 's might apparently was n't worthy of its own cookie .
I know what you 're thinking , maybe they put the stormtrooper in one of the other flavors of Star Wars Cookies .
WRONG !
Both other flavors of Star Wars Cookies , vanilla and peanut butter , showcased the Rebel Alliance .
Fuck you , Pepperidge Farm .
There were seven royal guards in my box .
Oh boy , I can't wait to see what other crappy shape that Pepperidge Farm has for me to eat .
It 's a Gamorrean , one of the pig - like guards from Jabba 's palace .
Sorry asshole , I liked you better the second time around when they put you in The Wind Waker and called you a Moblin .
You know , it 's pretty fucking weak that a box of cookies that claims to be " The Imperial Forces " has three Jabba - related cookies .
Jabba is a galactic crime lord , and he is not aligned with the Empire in any meaningful way .
In fact , Imperial forces severely interfered with his spice - smuggling operations and such interference was directly responsible for the bad blood between Han Solo and Jabba .
And again , why the fuck did this guy get made into a cookie instead of a stormtrooper ?
Gamorreans are about as important in Jabba 's entourage as Sexy Dancer # 2 .
They should have made her into a cookie instead , because hey , sexy dancer .
There were seven Gamorreans in my box .
NOTE : Please do not e-mail me with Sexy Dancer # 2's name .
I really do n't give a fuck .
Taste Test # 1 : Cookies and Vodka
Now comes the part of this adventure where I actually eat some of these cookies .
Being as the smell coming off of them alone is enough to make me nauseous , I 've decided that vodka will be my first companion in this taste test .
Vodka has a high alcohol content , which is very important to this trial for two reasons .
First of all , it will allow me to get very drunk very quickly , allowing me to continue eating these cookies even if my stomach does n't want to .
Secondly , alcohol can be used as an antiseptic .
Now obviously alcohol that is fit for human consumption is not as powerful an antiseptic as rubbing alcohol , but it could still be helpful in protecting me from some of the potential bacteria and fungi that could be in these cookies .
Even if the vodka can't protect me from such things , I need to believe it does , because that 's the only thing that gives me sufficient courage to proceed .
I will now attempt to eat two of these cookies , a Jabba and a Gamorrean .
Emergency room , here I come ...
Holy fucking Christ in red patent leather shoes , this shit is awful .
One sizeable bite out of the Jabba cookie proved to be more than I could take .
My palette is not educated enough that I can sufficiently describe the taste of a 26 - year - old cookie , but if I had to attempt to do so , I 'd say it tastes like unadulterated human sorrow .
That , or some combination of feces , mold , and rotten eggs , with just a slight hint of chocolate .
And while I can't really tell you exactly what a really old cookie tastes like , I can tell you this : all the vodka in the world wo n't wash that taste out of your mouth .
Taste Test # 2 : Chocolate Cookies and Chocolate Milk
Two hours and one whole tube of Crest Whitening Toothpaste Plus Scope later , and I am finally ready to attempt a second taste test .
This time around , I will be enjoying the classic snack of milk and cookies .
The vodka is still nearby , purely for antiseptic reasons .
I will now attempt to eat the Gamorrean that I did n't make it to last time around .
Maybe this cookie will taste better ...
MOTHERFUCKER .
This cookie did not taste any better than the last one , and milk was a bad choice .
I really wish I had n't attempted to eat another cookie .
It was quite clear the moment that first cookie hit my taste buds that these ancient baked goods were not something that I could safely ingest .
And yet , I tried a second cookie anyway .
What the fucking hell is wrong with me ?
I 'm not even getting paid for this shit .
Fuck .
Taste Test # 3 : Cookies and Water
The third experiment was going to be Star Wars cookies and Drinking Water brand drinking water , but that did n't happen .
Every time I 'd try to put a Bib Fortuna in my mouth , the smell reminded me just how completely fucking disgusting these things taste .
I do n't know if I can stress enough how awful these cookies are .
Even under the threat of mutilation or death , I would not eat such an old cookie again .
In fact , I would rather put on lipstick and star in a remake of 2 Girls 1 Cup than ever eat 1980s food products again .
Unfortunately , it 's a little late to be reaching such conclusions ; I will most likely be dead by morning .
My biggest regrets ?
I never finished beating Madworld , Twilight Princess , Resident Evil 5 , or your mom .
The Aftermath
Well ...
I guess I did n't die .
It 's only been three days , but I 'm fairly confident I 'm going to survive .
I did n't throw up at all , but I did experience strong stomach discomfort and a complete loss of appetite for roughly 36 hours .
During that time period , I drank about a gallon of water to keep myself properly hydrated , as well as five cans of Diet Coke to keep myself from going into caffeine withdrawal .
I am pleased to announce that I am back on solid foods again , and unfortunately for my detractors , I 'm afraid my vital organs will be quite operational for a long , long time .
But I can't keep doing this .
I can't keep seeking out discontinued foods and eating them for entertainment of others ; it 's like playing Russian Roulette , only without the charity of a quick , painless death .
So from this point on , the only 26 - year - old boxes I will be eating will belong to girls .
Human girls .
Okay , maybe a few Twi 'leks too .
But that 's it .
Posted by : Syd Lexia
06/22/09
TRY OUR OTHER VARIETIES OF STAR WARS COOKIES - PEANUT BUTTER AND VANILLA
Conic Section Eccentricity , e Semi-major axis Energy Circle 0 = radius < 0 Ellipse 0 < e < 1 > 0 < 0 Parabola 1 infinity 0 Hyperbola > 1 < 0 > 0
Satellite orbits can be any of the four conic sections .
This page deals mostly with elliptical orbits , though we conclude with an examination of the hyperbolic orbit .
Orbital Elements
To mathematically describe an orbit one must define six quantities , called orbital elements .
They are Semi-Major Axis , a
Eccentricity , e
Inclination , i
Argument of Periapsis ,
Time of Periapsis Passage , T
Longitude of Ascending Node ,
An orbiting satellite follows an oval shaped path known as an ellipse with the body being orbited , called the primary , located at one of two points called foci .
An ellipse is defined to be a curve with the following property : for each point on an ellipse , the sum of its distances from two fixed points , called foci , is constant ( see Figure 4.2 ) .
The longest and shortest lines that can be drawn through the center of an ellipse are called the major axis and minor axis , respectively .
The semi-major axis is one - half of the major axis and represents a satellite 's mean distance from its primary .
Eccentricity is the distance between the foci divided by the length of the major axis and is a number between zero and one .
An eccentricity of zero indicates a circle .
Inclination is the angular distance between a satellite 's orbital plane and the equator of its primary ( or the ecliptic plane in the case of heliocentric , or sun centered , orbits ) .
An inclination of zero degrees indicates an orbit about the primary 's equator in the same direction as the primary 's rotation , a direction called prograde ( or direct ) .
An inclination of 90 degrees indicates a polar orbit .
An inclination of 180 degrees indicates a retrograde equatorial orbit .
A retrograde orbit is one in which a satellite moves in a direction opposite to the rotation of its primary .
Periapsis is the point in an orbit closest to the primary .
The opposite of periapsis , the farthest point in an orbit , is called apoapsis .
Periapsis and apoapsis are usually modified to apply to the body being orbited , such as perihelion and aphelion for the Sun , perigee and apogee for Earth , perijove and apojove for Jupiter , perilune and apolune for the Moon , etc .
The argument of periapsis is the angular distance between the ascending node and the point of periapsis ( see Figure 4.3 ) .
The time of periapsis passage is the time in which a satellite moves through its point of periapsis .
Nodes are the points where an orbit crosses a plane , such as a satellite crossing the Earth 's equatorial plane .
If the satellite crosses the plane going from south to north , the node is the ascending node ; if moving from north to south , it is the descending node .
The longitude of the ascending node is the node 's celestial longitude .
Celestial longitude is analogous to longitude on Earth and is measured in degrees counter - clockwise from zero with zero longitude being in the direction of the vernal equinox .
In general , three observations of an object in orbit are required to calculate the six orbital elements .
Two other quantities often used to describe orbits are period and true anomaly .
Period , P , is the length of time required for a satellite to complete one orbit .
True anomaly , , is the angular distance of a point in an orbit past the point of periapsis , measured in degrees .
Types Of Orbits
For a spacecraft to achieve Earth orbit , it must be launched to an elevation above the Earth 's atmosphere and accelerated to orbital velocity .
The most energy efficient orbit , that is one that requires the least amount of propellant , is a direct low inclination orbit .
To achieve such an orbit , a spacecraft is launched in an eastward direction from a site near the Earth 's equator .
The advantage being that the rotational speed of the Earth contributes to the spacecraft 's final orbital speed .
At the United States ' launch site in Cape Canaveral ( 28.5 degrees north latitude ) a due east launch results in a " free ride " of 1,471 km/h ( 914 mph ) .
Launching a spacecraft in a direction other than east , or from a site far from the equator , results in an orbit of higher inclination .
High inclination orbits are less able to take advantage of the initial speed provided by the Earth 's rotation , thus the launch vehicle must provide a greater part , or all , of the energy required to attain orbital velocity .
Although high inclination orbits are less energy efficient , they do have advantages over equatorial orbits for certain applications .
Below we describe several types of orbits and the advantages of each :
Geosynchronous orbits ( GEO ) are circular orbits around the Earth having a period of 24 hours .
A geosynchronous orbit with an inclination of zero degrees is called a geostationary orbit .
A spacecraft in a geostationary orbit appears to hang motionless above one position on the Earth 's equator .
For this reason , they are ideal for some types of communication and meteorological satellites .
A spacecraft in an inclined geosynchronous orbit will appear to follow a regular figure - 8 pattern in the sky once every orbit .
To attain geosynchronous orbit , a spacecraft is first launched into an elliptical orbit with an apogee of 35,786 km ( 22,236 miles ) called a geosynchronous transfer orbit ( GTO ) .
The orbit is then circularized by firing the spacecraft 's engine at apogee .
Polar orbits ( PO ) are orbits with an inclination of 90 degrees .
Polar orbits are useful for satellites that carry out mapping and / or surveillance operations because as the planet rotates the spacecraft has access to virtually every point on the planet 's surface .
Walking orbits :
An orbiting satellite is subjected to a great many gravitational influences .
First , planets are not perfectly spherical and they have slightly uneven mass distribution .
These fluctuations have an effect on a spacecraft 's trajectory .
Also , the sun , moon , and planets contribute a gravitational influence on an orbiting satellite .
With proper planning it is possible to design an orbit which takes advantage of these influences to induce a precession in the satellite 's orbital plane .
The resulting orbit is called a walking orbit , or precessing orbit .
Sun synchronous orbits ( SSO ) are walking orbits whose orbital plane precesses with the same period as the planet 's solar orbit period .
In such an orbit , a satellite crosses periapsis at about the same local time every orbit .
This is useful if a satellite is carrying instruments which depend on a certain angle of solar illumination on the planet 's surface .
In order to maintain an exact synchronous timing , it may be necessary to conduct occasional propulsive maneuvers to adjust the orbit .
Molniya orbits are highly eccentric Earth orbits with periods of approximately 12 hours ( 2 revolutions per day ) .
The orbital inclination is chosen so the rate of change of perigee is zero , thus both apogee and perigee can be maintained over fixed latitudes .
This condition occurs at inclinations of 63.4 degrees and 116.6 degrees .
For these orbits the argument of perigee is typically placed in the southern hemisphere , so the satellite remains above the northern hemisphere near apogee for approximately 11 hours per orbit .
This orientation can provide good ground coverage at high northern latitudes .
Hohmann transfer orbits are interplanetary trajectories whose advantage is that they consume the least possible amount of propellant .
A Hohmann transfer orbit to an outer planet , such as Mars , is achieved by launching a spacecraft and accelerating it in the direction of Earth 's revolution around the sun until it breaks free of the Earth 's gravity and reaches a velocity which places it in a sun orbit with an aphelion equal to the orbit of the outer planet .
Upon reaching its destination , the spacecraft must decelerate so that the planet 's gravity can capture it into a planetary orbit .
To send a spacecraft to an inner planet , such as Venus , the spacecraft is launched and accelerated in the direction opposite of Earth 's revolution around the sun ( i.e. decelerated ) until it achieves a sun orbit with a perihelion equal to the orbit of the inner planet .
It should be noted that the spacecraft continues to move in the same direction as Earth , only more slowly .
To reach a planet requires that the spacecraft be inserted into an interplanetary trajectory at the correct time so that the spacecraft arrives at the planet 's orbit when the planet will be at the point where the spacecraft will intercept it .
This task is comparable to a quarterback " leading " his receiver so that the football and receiver arrive at the same point at the same time .
The interval of time in which a spacecraft must be launched in order to complete its mission is called a launch window .
Newton 's Laws of Motion and Universal Gravitation
Newton 's laws of motion describe the relationship between the motion of a particle and the forces acting on it .
The first law states that if no forces are acting , a body at rest will remain at rest , and a body in motion will remain in motion in a straight line .
Thus , if no forces are acting , the velocity ( both magnitude and direction ) will remain constant .
The second law tells us that if a force is applied there will be a change in velocity , i.e. an acceleration , proportional to the magnitude of the force and in the direction in which the force is applied .
This law may be summarized by the equation
where F is the force , m is the mass of the particle , and a is the acceleration .
The third law states that if body 1 exerts a force on body 2 , then body 2 will exert a force of equal strength , but opposite in direction , on body 1 .
This law is commonly stated , " for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction " .
In his law of universal gravitation , Newton states that two particles having masses m 1 and m 2 and separated by a distance r are attracted to each other with equal and opposite forces directed along the line joining the particles .
The common magnitude F of the two forces is
where G is an universal constant , called the constant of gravitation , and has the value 6.67259x10-11 N-m2/kg2 ( 3.4389x10-8 lb-ft2/slug2 ) .
Let 's now look at the force that the Earth exerts on an object .
If the object has a mass m , and the Earth has mass M , and the object 's distance from the center of the Earth is r , then the force that the Earth exerts on the object is GmM / r2 .
If we drop the object , the Earth 's gravity will cause it to accelerate toward the center of the Earth .
By Newton 's second law ( F = ma ) , this acceleration g must equal ( GmM / r2 ) / m , or
At the surface of the Earth this acceleration has the valve 9.80665 m/s2 ( 32.174 ft/s2 ) .
Many of the upcoming computations will be somewhat simplified if we express the product GM as a constant , which for Earth has the value 3.986005x1014 m3/s2 ( 1.408x1016 ft3/s2 ) .
The product GM is often represented by the Greek letter .
For additional useful constants please see the appendix Basic Constants .
For a refresher on SI versus U.S. units see the appendix Weights & Measures .
Uniform Circular Motion
In the simple case of free fall , a particle accelerates toward the center of the Earth while moving in a straight line .
The velocity of the particle changes in magnitude , but not in direction .
In the case of uniform circular motion a particle moves in a circle with constant speed .
The velocity of the particle changes continuously in direction , but not in magnitude .
From Newton 's laws we see that since the direction of the velocity is changing , there is an acceleration .
This acceleration , called centripetal acceleration is directed inward toward the center of the circle and is given by
where v is the speed of the particle and r is the radius of the circle .
Every accelerating particle must have a force acting on it , defined by Newton 's second law ( F = ma ) .
Thus , a particle undergoing uniform circular motion is under the influence of a force , called centripetal force , whose magnitude is given by
The direction of F at any instant must be in the direction of a at the same instant , that is radially inward .
A satellite in orbit is acted on only by the forces of gravity .
The inward acceleration which causes the satellite to move in a circular orbit is the gravitational acceleration caused by the body around which the satellite orbits .
Hence , the satellite 's centripetal acceleration is g , that is g = v2/r .
From Newton 's law of universal gravitation we know that g = GM / r2 .
Therefore , by setting these equations equal to one another we find that , for a circular orbit ,
Click here for example problem # 4.1
( use your browser 's " back " function to return )
Motions of Planets and Satellites
Through a lifelong study of the motions of bodies in the solar system , Johannes Kepler ( 1571 - 1630 ) was able to derive three basic laws known as Kepler 's laws of planetary motion .
Using the data compiled by his mentor Tycho Brahe ( 1546-1601 ) , Kepler found the following regularities after years of laborious calculations :
1 . All planets move in elliptical orbits with the sun at one focus .
2 . A line joining any planet to the sun sweeps out equal areas in equal times .
3 . The square of the period of any planet about the sun is proportional to the cube of the planet 's mean distance from the sun .
These laws can be deduced from Newton 's laws of motion and law of universal gravitation .
Indeed , Newton used Kepler 's work as basic information in the formulation of his gravitational theory .
As Kepler pointed out , all planets move in elliptical orbits , however , we can learn much about planetary motion by considering the special case of circular orbits .
We shall neglect the forces between planets , considering only a planet 's interaction with the sun .
These considerations apply equally well to the motion of a satellite about a planet .
Let 's examine the case of two bodies of masses M and m moving in circular orbits under the influence of each other 's gravitational attraction .
The center of mass of this system of two bodies lies along the line joining them at a point C such that mr = MR .
The large body of mass M moves in an orbit of constant radius R and the small body of mass m in an orbit of constant radius r , both having the same angular velocity .
For this to happen , the gravitational force acting on each body must provide the necessary centripetal acceleration .
Since these gravitational forces are a simple action - reaction pair , the centripetal forces must be equal but opposite in direction .
That is , m 2r must equal M 2R .
The specific requirement , then , is that the gravitational force acting on either body must equal the centripetal force needed to keep it moving in its circular orbit , that is
If one body has a much greater mass than the other , as is the case of the sun and a planet or the Earth and a satellite , its distance from the center of mass is much smaller than that of the other body .
If we assume that m is negligible compared to M , then R is negligible compared to r.
Thus , equation ( 4.7 ) then becomes
If we express the angular velocity in terms of the period of revolution , = 2 /P , we obtain
where P is the period of revolution .
This is a basic equation of planetary and satellite motion .
It also holds for elliptical orbits if we define r to be the semi-major axis ( a ) of the orbit .
A significant consequence of this equation is that it predicts Kepler 's third law of planetary motion , that is P2~r3 .
Click here for example problem # 4.2
Click here for example problem # 4.3
In celestial mechanics where we are dealing with planetary or stellar sized bodies , it is often the case that the mass of the secondary body is significant in relation to the mass of the primary , as with the Moon and Earth .
In this case the size of the secondary can not be ignored .
The distance R is no longer negligible compared to r and , therefore , must be carried through the derivation .
Equation ( 4.9 ) becomes
More commonly the equation is written in the equivalent form where a is the semi-major axis .
The semi-major axis used in astronomy is always the primary - to - secondary distance , or the geocentric semi-major axis .
For example , the Moon 's mean geocentric distance from Earth ( a ) is 384,403 kilometers .
On the other hand , the Moon 's distance from the barycenter ( r ) is 379,732 km , with Earth 's counter - orbit ( R ) taking up the difference of 4,671 km .
Kepler 's second law of planetary motion must , of course , hold true for circular orbits .
In such orbits both and r are constant so that equal areas are swept out in equal times by the line joining a planet and the sun .
For elliptical orbits , however , both and r will vary with time .
Let 's now consider this case .
Figure 4.5 shows a particle revolving around C along some arbitrary path .
The area swept out by the radius vector in a short time interval t is shown shaded .
This area , neglecting the small triangular region at the end , is one - half the base times the height or approximately r(r t ) /2 .
This expression becomes more exact as t approaches zero , i.e. the small triangle goes to zero more rapidly than the large one .
The rate at which area is being swept out instantaneously is therefore
For any given body moving under the influence of a central force , the value r2 is constant .
Let 's now consider two points P 1 and P 2 in an orbit with radii r 1 and r 2 , and velocities v 1 and v 2 .
Since the velocity is always tangent to the path , it can be seen that if is the angle between r and v , then
where vsin is the transverse component of v. Multiplying through by r , we have
or , for two points P 1 and P 2 on the orbital path
Note that at periapsis and apoapsis , = 90 degrees .
Thus , letting P 1 and P 2 be these two points we get
Let 's now look at the energy of the above particle at points P 1 and P 2 .
Conservation of energy states that the sum of the kinetic energy and the potential energy of a particle remains constant .
The kinetic energy T of a particle is given by mv2/2 while the potential energy of gravity V is calculated by the equation - GMm / r . Applying conservation of energy we have
From equations ( 4.14 ) and ( 4.15 ) we obtain
Rearranging terms we get
Click here for example problem # 4.4
Click here for example problem # 4.5
The eccentricity e of an orbit is given by
Click here for example problem # 4.6
If the semi-major axis a and the eccentricity e of an orbit are known , then the periapsis and apoapsis distances can be calculated by
Click here for example problem # 4.7
Launch of a Space Vehicle
The launch of a satellite or space vehicle consists of a period of powered flight during which the vehicle is lifted above the Earth 's atmosphere and accelerated to orbital velocity by a rocket , or launch vehicle .
Powered flight concludes at burnout of the rocket 's last stage at which time the vehicle begins its free flight .
During free flight the space vehicle is assumed to be subjected only to the gravitational pull of the Earth .
If the vehicle moves far from the Earth , its trajectory may be affected by the gravitational influence of the sun , moon , or another planet .
A space vehicle 's orbit may be determined from the position and the velocity of the vehicle at the beginning of its free flight .
A vehicle 's position and velocity can be described by the variables r , v , and , where r is the vehicle 's distance from the center of the Earth , v is its velocity , and is the angle between the position and the velocity vectors , called the zenith angle ( see Figure 4.7 ) .
If we let r 1 , v 1 , and 1 be the initial ( launch ) values of r , v , and , then we may consider these as given quantities .
If we let point P 2 represent the perigee , then equation ( 4.13 ) becomes
Substituting equation ( 4.23 ) into ( 4.15 ) , we can obtain an equation for the perigee radius R p .
Multiplying through by - R p 2 / ( r 1 2v 1 2 ) and rearranging , we get
Note that this is a simple quadratic equation in the ratio ( R p /r 1 ) and that 2 GM /( r 1 × v 1 2 ) is a nondimensional parameter of the orbit .
Solving for ( R p /r 1 ) gives
Like any quadratic , the above equation yields two answers .
The smaller of the two answers corresponds to R p , the periapsis radius .
The other root corresponds to the apoapsis radius , R a .
Please note that in practice spacecraft launches are usually terminated at either perigee or apogee , i.e. = 90 .
This condition results in the minimum use of propellant .
Click here for example problem # 4.8
Equation ( 4.26 ) gives the values of R p and R a from which the eccentricity of the orbit can be calculated , however , it may be simpler to calculate the eccentricity e directly from the equation
Click here for example problem # 4.9
To pin down a satellite 's orbit in space , we need to know the angle , the true anomaly , from the periapsis point to the launch point .
This angle is given by
Click here for example problem # 4.10
In most calculations , the complement of the zenith angle is used , denoted by .
This angle is called the flight - path angle , and is positive when the velocity vector is directed away from the primary as shown in Figure 4.8 .
When flight - path angle is used , equations ( 4.26 ) through ( 4.28 ) are rewritten as follows :
The semi-major axis is , of course , equal to ( R p +R a ) / 2 , though it may be easier to calculate it directly as follows :
Click here for example problem # 4.11
If e is solved for directly using equation ( 4.27 ) or ( 4.30 ) , and a is solved for using equation ( 4.32 ) , R p and R a can be solved for simply using equations ( 4.21 ) and ( 4.22 ) .
Orbit Tilt , Rotation and Orientation
Above we determined the size and shape of the orbit , but to determine the orientation of the orbit in space , we must know the latitude and longitude and the heading of the space vehicle at burnout .
Figure 4.9 above illustrates the location of a space vehicle at engine burnout , or orbit insertion .
is the azimuth heading measured in degrees clockwise from north , is the geocentric latitude ( or declination ) of the burnout point , is the angular distance between the ascending node and the burnout point measured in the equatorial plane , and is the angular distance between the ascending node and the burnout point measured in the orbital plane .
1 and 2 are the geographical longitudes of the ascending node and the burnout point at the instant of engine burnout .
Figure 4.10 pictures the orbital elements , where i is the inclination , is the longitude at the ascending node , is the argument of periapsis , and is the true anomaly .
If , , and 2 are given , the other values can be calculated from the following relationships :
In equation ( 4.36 ) , the value of is found using equation ( 4.28 ) or ( 4.31 ) .
If is positive , periapsis is west of the burnout point ( as shown in Figure 4.10 ) ; if is negative , periapsis is east of the burnout point .
The longitude of the ascending node , , is measured in celestial longitude , while 1 is geographical longitude .
The celestial longitude of the ascending node is equal to the local apparent sidereal time , in degrees , at longitude 1 at the time of engine burnout .
Sidereal time is defined as the hour angle of the vernal equinox at a specific locality and time ; it has the same value as the right ascension of any celestial body that is crossing the local meridian at that same instant .
At the moment when the vernal equinox crosses the local meridian , the local apparent sidereal time is 00:00 .
See this sidereal time calculator .
Click here for example problem # 4.12
Geodetic Latitude , Geocentric Latitude , and Declination Latitude is the angular distance of a point on Earth 's surface north or south of Earth 's equator , positive north and negative south .
The geodetic latitude ( or geographical latitude ) , , is the angle defined by the intersection of the reference ellipsoid normal through the point of interest and the true equatorial plane .
The geocentric latitude , ' , is the angle between the true equatorial plane and the radius vector to the point of intersection of the reference ellipsoid and the reference ellipsoid normal passing through the point of interest .
Declination , , is the angular distance of a celestial object north or south of Earth 's equator .
It is the angle between the geocentric radius vector to the object of interest and the true equatorial plane .
R is the magnitude of the reference ellipsoid 's geocentric radius vector to the point of interest on its surface , r is the magnitude of the geocentric radius vector to the celestial object of interest , and the altitude h is the perpendicular distance from the reference ellipsoid to the celestial object of interest .
The value of R at the equator is a , and the value of R at the poles is b .
The ellipsoid 's flattening , f , is the ratio of the equatorial - polar length difference to the equatorial length .
For Earth , a equals 6,378,137 meters , b equals 6,356,752 meters , and f equals 1/298.257 .
When solving problems in orbital mechanics , the measurements of greatest usefulness are the magnitude of the radius vector , r , and declination , , of the object of interest .
However , we are often given , or required to report , data in other forms .
For instance , at the time of some specific event , such as " orbit insertion " , we may be given the spacecraft 's altitude along with the geodetic latitude and longitude of the sub-vehicle point .
In such cases , it may be necessary to convert the given data to a form more suitable for our calculations .
The relationship between geodetic and geocentric latitude is ,
The radius of the reference ellipsoid is given by , The length r can be solved from h , or h from r , using one of the following , And declination is calculated using , For spacecraft in low earth orbit , the difference between and ' is very small , typically not more than about 0.00001 degree .
Even at the distance of the Moon , the difference is not more than about 0.01 degree .
Unless very high accuracy is needed , for operations near Earth we can assume ≈ ' and r ≈ R + h .
It is important to note that the value of h is not always measured as described and illustrated above .
In some applications it is customary to express h as the perpendicular distance from a reference sphere , rather than the reference ellipsoid .
In this case , R is considered constant and is often assigned the value of Earth 's equatorial radius , hence h = r – a .
This is the method typically used when a spacecraft 's orbit is expressed in a form such as " 180 km × 220 km " .
The example problems presented in this web site also assume this method of measurement .
Position in an Elliptical Orbit
Johannes Kepler was able to solve the problem of relating position in an orbit to the elapsed time , t-t o , or conversely , how long it takes to go from one point in an orbit to another .
To solve this , Kepler introduced the quantity M , called the mean anomaly , which is the fraction of an orbit period that has elapsed since perigee .
The mean anomaly equals the true anomaly for a circular orbit .
By definition ,
where M o is the mean anomaly at time t o and n is the mean motion , or the average angular velocity , determined from the semi-major axis of the orbit as follows :
This solution will give the average position and velocity , but satellite orbits are elliptical with a radius constantly varying in orbit .
Because the satellite 's velocity depends on this varying radius , it changes as well .
To resolve this problem we can define an intermediate variable E , called the eccentric anomaly , for elliptical orbits , which is given by
where is the true anomaly .
Mean anomaly is a function of eccentric anomaly by the formula
For small eccentricities a good approximation of true anomaly can be obtained by the following formula ( the error is of the order e3 ) :
The preceding five equations can be used to ( 1 ) find the time it takes to go from one position in an orbit to another , or ( 2 ) find the position in an orbit after a specific period of time .
When solving these equations it is important to work in radians rather than degrees , where 2 radians equals 360 degrees .
Click here for example problem # 4.13
Click here for example problem # 4.14
At any time in its orbit , the magnitude of a spacecraft 's position vector , i.e. its distance from the primary body , and its flight - path angle can be calculated from the following equations :
And the spacecraft 's velocity is given by ,
Click here for example problem # 4.15
Orbit Perturbations
The orbital elements discussed at the beginning of this section provide an excellent reference for describing orbits , however there are other forces acting on a satellite that perturb it away from the nominal orbit .
These perturbations , or variations in the orbital elements , can be classified based on how they affect the Keplerian elements .
Secular variations represent a linear variation in the element , short - period variations are periodic in the element with a period less than the orbital period , and long - period variations are those with a period greater than the orbital period .
Because secular variations have long - term effects on orbit prediction ( the orbital elements affected continue to increase or decrease ) , they will be discussed here for Earth - orbiting satellites .
Precise orbit determination requires that the periodic variations be included as well .
Third - Body Perturbations
The gravitational forces of the Sun and the Moon cause periodic variations in all of the orbital elements , but only the longitude of the ascending node , argument of perigee , and mean anomaly experience secular variations .
These secular variations arise from a gyroscopic precession of the orbit about the ecliptic pole .
The secular variation in mean anomaly is much smaller than the mean motion and has little effect on the orbit , however the secular variations in longitude of the ascending node and argument of perigee are important , especially for high - altitude orbits .
For nearly circular orbits the equations for the secular rates of change resulting from the Sun and Moon are
Longitude of the ascending node :
Argument of perigee :
where i is the orbit inclination , n is the number of orbit revolutions per day , and and are in degrees per day .
These equations are only approximate ; they neglect the variation caused by the changing orientation of the orbital plane with respect to both the Moon 's orbital plane and the ecliptic plane .
Click here for example problem # 4.16
Perturbations due to Non-spherical Earth
When developing the two - body equations of motion , we assumed the Earth was a spherically symmetrical , homogeneous mass .
In fact , the Earth is neither homogeneous nor spherical .
The most dominant features are a bulge at the equator , a slight pear shape , and flattening at the poles .
For a potential function of the Earth , we can find a satellite 's acceleration by taking the gradient of the potential function .
The most widely used form of the geopotential function depends on latitude and geopotential coefficients , J n , called the zonal coefficients .
The potential generated by the non-spherical Earth causes periodic variations in all the orbital elements .
The dominant effects , however , are secular variations in longitude of the ascending node and argument of perigee because of the Earth 's oblateness , represented by the J 2 term in the geopotential expansion .
The rates of change of and due to J 2 are
where n is the mean motion in degrees / day , J 2 has the value 0.00108263 , R E is the Earth 's equatorial radius , a is the semi-major axis in kilometers , i is the inclination , e is the eccentricity , and and are in degrees / day .
For satellites in GEO and below , the J 2 perturbations dominate ; for satellites above GEO the Sun and Moon perturbations dominate .
Molniya orbits are designed so that the perturbations in argument of perigee are zero .
This conditions occurs when the term 4 - 5 sin2i is equal to zero or , that is , when the inclination is either 63.4 or 116.6 degrees .
Click here for example problem # 4.17
Perturbations from Atmospheric Drag Drag is the resistance offered by a gas or liquid to a body moving through it .
A spacecraft is subjected to drag forces when moving through a planet 's atmosphere .
This drag is greatest during launch and reentry , however , even a space vehicle in low Earth orbit experiences some drag as it moves through the Earth 's thin upper atmosphere .
In time , the action of drag on a space vehicle will cause it to spiral back into the atmosphere , eventually to disintegrate or burn up .
If a space vehicle comes within 120 to 160 km of the Earth 's surface , atmospheric drag will bring it down in a few days , with final disintegration occurring at an altitude of about 80 km .
Above approximately 600 km , on the other hand , drag is so weak that orbits usually last more than 10 years - beyond a satellite 's operational lifetime .
The deterioration of a spacecraft 's orbit due to drag is called decay .
The drag force F D on a body acts in the opposite direction of the velocity vector and is given by the equation where C D is the drag coefficient , is the air density , v is the body 's velocity , and A is the area of the body normal to the flow .
The drag coefficient is dependent on the geometric form of the body and is generally determined by experiment .
Earth orbiting satellites typically have very high drag coefficients in the range of about 2 to 4 .
Air density is given by the appendix Atmosphere Properties .
The region above 90 km is the Earth 's thermosphere where the absorption of extreme ultraviolet radiation from the Sun results in a very rapid increase in temperature with altitude .
At approximately 200- 250 km this temperature approaches a limiting value , the average value of which ranges between about 700 and 1,400 K over a typical solar cycle .
Solar activity also has a significant affect on atmospheric density , with high solar activity resulting in high density .
Below about 150 km the density is not strongly affected by solar activity ; however , at satellite altitudes in the range of 500 to 800 km , the density variations between solar maximum and solar minimum are approximately two orders of magnitude .
The large variations imply that satellites will decay more rapidly during periods of solar maxima and much more slowly during solar minima .
For circular orbits we can approximate the changes in semi-major axis , period , and velocity per revolution using the following equations : where a is the semi-major axis , P is the orbit period , and V , A and m are the satellite 's velocity , area , and mass respectively .
The term m/( C D A ) , called the ballistic coefficient , is given as a constant for most satellites .
Drag effects are strongest for satellites with low ballistic coefficients , this is , light vehicles with large frontal areas .
A rough estimate of a satellite 's lifetime , L , due to drag can be computed from where H is the atmospheric density scale height .
A substantially more accurate estimate ( although still very approximate ) can be obtained by integrating equation ( 4.53 ) , taking into account the changes in atmospheric density with both altitude and solar activity .
Click here for example problem # 4.18 Perturbations from Solar Radiation Solar radiation pressure causes periodic variations in all of the orbital elements .
The magnitude of the acceleration in m/s2 arising from solar radiation pressure is where A is the cross-sectional area of the satellite exposed to the Sun and m is the mass of the satellite in kilograms .
For satellites below 800 km altitude , acceleration from atmospheric drag is greater than that from solar radiation pressure ; above 800 km , acceleration from solar radiation pressure is greater .
Orbit Maneuvers
At some point during the lifetime of most space vehicles or satellites , we must change one or more of the orbital elements .
For example , we may need to transfer from an initial parking orbit to the final mission orbit , rendezvous with or intercept another spacecraft , or correct the orbital elements to adjust for the perturbations discussed in the previous section .
Most frequently , we must change the orbit altitude , plane , or both .
To change the orbit of a space vehicle , we have to change its velocity vector in magnitude or direction .
Most propulsion systems operate for only a short time compared to the orbital period , thus we can treat the maneuver as an impulsive change in velocity while the position remains fixed .
For this reason , any maneuver changing the orbit of a space vehicle must occur at a point where the old orbit intersects the new orbit .
If the orbits do not intersect , we must use an intermediate orbit that intersects both .
In this case , the total maneuver will require at least two propulsive burns .
Orbit Altitude Changes
The most common type of in - plane maneuver changes the size and energy of an orbit , usually from a low - altitude parking orbit to a higher - altitude mission orbit such as a geosynchronous orbit .
Because the initial and final orbits do not intersect , the maneuver requires a transfer orbit .
Figure 4.11 represents a Hohmann transfer orbit .
In this case , the transfer orbit 's ellipse is tangent to both the initial and final orbits at the transfer orbit 's perigee and apogee respectively .
The orbits are tangential , so the velocity vectors are collinear , and the Hohmann transfer represents the most fuel - efficient transfer between two circular , coplanar orbits .
When transferring from a smaller orbit to a larger orbit , the change in velocity is applied in the direction of motion ; when transferring from a larger orbit to a smaller , the change of velocity is opposite to the direction of motion .
The total change in velocity required for the orbit transfer is the sum of the velocity changes at perigee and apogee of the transfer ellipse .
Since the velocity vectors are collinear , the velocity changes are just the differences in magnitudes of the velocities in each orbit .
If we know the initial and final orbits , r A and r B , we can calculate the total velocity change using the following equations :
Note that equations ( 4.59 ) and ( 4.60 ) are the same as equation ( 4.6 ) , and equations ( 4.61 ) and ( 4.62 ) are the same as equation ( 4.45 ) .
Click here for example problem # 4.19
Ordinarily we want to transfer a space vehicle using the smallest amount of energy , which usually leads to using a Hohmann transfer orbit .
However , sometimes we may need to transfer a satellite between orbits in less time than that required to complete the Hohmann transfer .
Figure 4.12 shows a faster transfer called the One - Tangent Burn .
In this instance the transfer orbit is tangential to the initial orbit .
It intersects the final orbit at an angle equal to the flight path angle of the transfer orbit at the point of intersection .
An infinite number of transfer orbits are tangential to the initial orbit and intersect the final orbit at some angle .
Thus , we may choose the transfer orbit by specifying the size of the transfer orbit , the angular change of the transfer , or the time required to complete the transfer .
We can then define the transfer orbit and calculate the required velocities .
For example , we may specify the size of the transfer orbit , choosing any semi-major axis that is greater than the semi-major axis of the Hohmann transfer ellipse .
Once we know the semi-major axis of the ellipse , a tx , we can calculate the eccentricity , angular distance traveled in the transfer , the velocity change required for the transfer , and the time required to complete the transfer .
We do this using equations ( 4.59 ) through ( 4.63 ) and ( 4.65 ) above , and the following equations : Click here for example problem # 4.20 Another option for changing the size of an orbit is to use electric propulsion to produce a constant low - thrust burn , which results in a spiral transfer .
We can approximate the velocity change for this type of orbit transfer by where the velocities are the circular velocities of the two orbits .
Orbit Plane Changes
To change the orientation of a satellite 's orbital plane , typically the inclination , we must change the direction of the velocity vector .
This maneuver requires a component of V to be perpendicular to the orbital plane and , therefore , perpendicular to the initial velocity vector .
If the size of the orbit remains constant , the maneuver is called a simple plane change .
We can find the required change in velocity by using the law of cosines .
For the case in which V f is equal to V i , this expression reduces to where V i is the velocity before and after the burn , and is the angle change required .
Click here for example problem # 4.21 From equation ( 4.73 ) we see that if the angular change is equal to 60 degrees , the required change in velocity is equal to the current velocity .
Plane changes are very expensive in terms of the required change in velocity and resulting propellant consumption .
To minimize this , we should change the plane at a point where the velocity of the satellite is a minimum : at apogee for an elliptical orbit .
In some cases , it may even be cheaper to boost the satellite into a higher orbit , change the orbit plane at apogee , and return the satellite to its original orbit .
Typically , orbital transfers require changes in both the size and the plane of the orbit , such as transferring from an inclined parking orbit at low altitude to a zero-inclination orbit at geosynchronous altitude .
We can do this transfer in two steps : a Hohmann transfer to change the size of the orbit and a simple plane change to make the orbit equatorial .
A more efficient method ( less total change in velocity ) would be to combine the plane change with the tangential burn at apogee of the transfer orbit .
As we must change both the magnitude and direction of the velocity vector , we can find the required change in velocity using the law of cosines , where V i is the initial velocity , V f is the final velocity , and is the angle change required .
Note that equation ( 4.74 ) is in the same form as equation ( 4.69 ) .
Click here for example problem # 4.22
As can be seen from equation ( 4.74 ) , a small plane change can be combined with an altitude change for almost no cost in V or propellant .
Consequently , in practice , geosynchronous transfer is done with a small plane change at perigee and most of the plane change at apogee .
Another option is to complete the maneuver using three burns .
The first burn is a coplanar maneuver placing the satellite into a transfer orbit with an apogee much higher than the final orbit .
When the satellite reaches apogee of the transfer orbit , a combined plane change maneuver is done .
This places the satellite in a second transfer orbit that is coplanar with the final orbit and has a perigee altitude equal to the altitude of the final orbit .
Finally , when the satellite reaches perigee of the second transfer orbit , another coplanar maneuver places the satellite into the final orbit .
This three - burn maneuver may save propellant , but the propellant savings comes at the expense of the total time required to complete the maneuver .
When a plane change is used to modify inclination only , the magnitude of the angle change is simply the difference between the initial and final inclinations .
In this case , the initial and final orbits share the same ascending and descending nodes .
The plane change maneuver takes places when the space vehicle passes through one of these two nodes .
In some instances , however , a plane change is used to alter an orbit 's longitude of ascending node in addition to the inclination .
An example might be a maneuver to correct out - of - plane errors to make the orbits of two space vehicles coplanar in preparation for a rendezvous .
If the orbital elements of the initial and final orbits are known , the plane change angle is determined by the vector dot product .
If i i and i are the inclination and longitude of ascending node of the initial orbit , and i f and f are the inclination and longitude of ascending node of the final orbit , then the angle between the orbital planes , , is given by Click here for example problem # 4.23
The plane change maneuver takes place at one of two nodes where the initial and final orbits intersect .
The latitude and longitude of these nodes are determined by the vector cross product .
The position of one of the two nodes is given by Knowing the position of one node , the second node is simply Click here for example problem # 4.24 Orbit Rendezvous Orbital transfer becomes more complicated when the object is to rendezvous with or intercept another object in space : both the interceptor and the target must arrive at the rendezvous point at the same time .
This precision demands a phasing orbit to accomplish the maneuver .
A phasing orbit is any orbit that results in the interceptor achieving the desired geometry relative to the target to initiate a Hohmann transfer .
If the initial and final orbits are circular , coplanar , and of different sizes , then the phasing orbit is simply the initial interceptor orbit .
The interceptor remains in the initial orbit until the relative motion between the interceptor and target results in the desired geometry .
At that point , we would inject the interceptor into a Hohmann transfer orbit .
Launch Windows Similar to the rendezvous problem is the launch - window problem , or determining the appropriate time to launch from the surface of the Earth into the desired orbital plane .
Because the orbital plane is fixed in inertial space , the launch window is the time when the launch site on the surface of the Earth rotates through the orbital plane .
The time of the launch depends on the launch site 's latitude and longitude and the satellite orbit 's inclination and longitude of ascending node .
Orbit Maintenance
Once in their mission orbits , many satellites need no additional orbit adjustment .
On the other hand , mission requirements may demand that we maneuver the satellite to correct the orbital elements when perturbing forces have changed them .
Two particular cases of note are satellites with repeating ground tracks and geostationary satellites .
After the mission of a satellite is complete , several options exist , depending on the orbit .
We may allow low - altitude orbits to decay and reenter the atmosphere or use a velocity change to speed up the process .
We may also boost satellites at all altitudes into benign orbits to reduce the probability of collision with active payloads , especially at synchronous altitudes .
V Budget
To an orbit designer , a space mission is a series of different orbits .
For example , a satellite might be released in a low - Earth parking orbit , transferred to some mission orbit , go through a series of resphasings or alternate mission orbits , and then move to some final orbit at the end of its useful life .
Each of these orbit changes requires energy .
The V budget is traditionally used to account for this energy .
It sums all the velocity changes required throughout the space mission life .
In a broad sense the V budget represents the cost for each mission orbit scenario .
The Hyperbolic Orbit
The discussion thus far has focused on the elliptical orbit , which will result whenever a spacecraft has insufficient velocity to escape the gravity of its primary .
There is a velocity , called the escape velocity , V esc , such that if the spacecraft is launched with an initial velocity greater than V esc , it will travel away from the planet and never return .
To achieve escape velocity we must give the spacecraft enough kinetic energy to overcome all of the negative gravitational potential energy .
Thus , if m is the mass of the spacecraft , M is the mass of the planet , and r is the radial distance between the spacecraft and planet , the potential energy is - GmM /r .
The kinetic energy of the spacecraft , when it is launched , is mv2/2 .
We thus have which is independent of the mass of the spacecraft .
Click here for example problem # 4.25
Dell Maybe Kinda Sorta Releasing an MID
According to a Wall Street Journal report yesterday , Dell has been developing an iPod Touch - like device , capable of accessing the internet but leaving out phone capabilities .
The device could be released as early as the end of the year …or not .
The WSJ talked to a couple engineers closely involved with the project .
They claimed the device would be running Android and comes in just a bit bigger than the iPod Touch .
The confusion , at least as far as release is concerned , comes from this :
Another person who was briefed on the company ’s plans said Dell may begin selling the device later this year , though this person said the plan could be delayed or scrapped entirely .
Delayed , okay .
Scrapped entirely ?
Like completely do away with the project ’s release date ?
That just does n’t make any kind of sense .
The story gets stranger .
According to the article , people at Dell have been working on the device for the past year or so , following a botched attempt to compete with Apple in the mp3 market .
They wanted to what now ?
I realize Dell is the second largest computer manufacturer in the world ( for now ) , but directly compete with the iPod ?
I do n’t know who thought that would work , but that person should probably be fired .
Going toe - to - toe with something as entrenched as the iPod is silly , unless you have some seriously compelling differentiators , and something tells me Dell does not .
On this new MID , people from Dell have also claimed potential plans to sell the MID through mobile carriers , and I can only think of one reason to do that : 3G capability .
Unless they want to market the thing with T - Mobile / AT&T hotspots , which is totally ridiculous .
Dell employees go on to say Dell is also working on a few Android based smartphones for release later in the year .
Is it just me , or is this one giant PR nightmare ?
You ’ve got employees at all levels of the company , from engineers to folks intimately involved with release plans , spilling their guts about in - development projects that could potentially compete with the iPhone / iPod Touch and yet none of them sound coherent enough to actually believe .
Are we seeing the early onset of an upcoming death rattle from Dell ?
Are they trying to stay solvent as desktop sales plummet ?
Why do n’t they have a tighter lid on this MID thing ?
They ’ve certainly got me speculating , though I ’m more worried about the company planning than interested in their new mobile device , whether it be MID , smartphone , or something else entirely .
I wo n’t be holding my breath .
Question
How can I make my skin look super pale quickly and without makeup ?
Community Answer
Try using a yogurt mask ; it will help lighten your face to some extent .
Simply spread some plain yogurt over your face ( avoiding the eyes and mouth ) and leave it on for 10 to 15 minutes , then wash it off .
Next , were lots of black .
It might sound silly , but the contrast between your black clothes and your skin will make you look several shades paler than usual .
Keep in mind that these differences will only be subtle , and wo n't replace makeup .
by
So I ’d been reading a little about psychopathy when I saw Ferris Bueller ’s Day Off again .
It turns out , that the true hero of the film is one Edward R. Rooney , Dean of Students .
Only Rooney recognizes Bueller as a pernicious force that will certainly create great suffering and perhaps death later in life .
A lone crusader , Rooney goes well beyond the duties of his job in an attempt to hunt down and destroy a budding monster .
He is the Van Helsing to Ferris Bueller ’s Dracula , the Dr. Loomis to his Michael Meyers .
That ’s because Bueller is a textbook psychopath .
Let ’s use the esteemed criteria of Robert D. Hare , the man who largely fathered the modern diagnosis and study of psychopathy .
Wiki :
The PCL - R is a clinical rating scale ( rated by a psychologist or other professional ) of 20 items .
Each of the items in the PCL - R is scored on a three - point scale according to specific criteria through file information and a semi-structured interview .
A value of 0 is assigned if the item does not apply , 1 if it applies somewhat , and 2 if it fully applies .
In addition to lifestyle and criminal behavior the checklist assesses glib and superficial charm , grandiosity , need for stimulation , pathological lying , cunning and manipulating , lack of remorse , callousness , poor behavioral controls , impulsivity , irresponsibility , failure to accept responsibility for one ’s own actions and so forth .
The scores are used to predict risk for criminal re-offence and probability of rehabilitation .
So far , Bueller fits the criteria better than John Wayne Gacy .
Let ’s move onto the actual checklist .
Factor 1 : Personality “ Aggressive narcissism ”
* Glibness / superficial charm
Here ’s a slam dunk .
Bueller charms everyone , save his sister and Rooney , who can see through him .
Though charming , his interactions with others are almost exclusively glib and superficial and rarely based on engaging with someonesincerely .
What he understands about the people in his life , he uses only to manipulate them for his own benefit .
Score : 2/2
* Grandiose sense of self - worth
“ Bueller .
Ferris , Bueller . ”
Score : 2/2
* Pathological lying
While Bueller constantly lies to get his own way , he also lies just to toy with people , another example of his need to demonstrate his superiority .
For example he tells nameless classmates over the school pay phone that he might be dying and needs a kidney , prompting a massive fundraiser for his phony illness , diverting charity away from people who might need it and towards satisfying hisnarcissism .
Score : 2/2
* Cunning / manipulative
Look at Bueller ’s relationship to his own parents .
He does n’t feel a bit of emotion towards them , but uses them as pawns to get what he wants ( except a car ) .
He mercilessly toys with and manipulates the tenacious but outmatched Ed Rooney , one example being the George Peterson call he makes with Cameron .
Score : 2/2
* Lack of remorse or guilt
At one point in the film , after crashing Cameron ’s dad ’s car , Ferris offers to “ take the heat ” because he feels it ’s too much for Cameron .
This is just a manipulation , though .
What better tactic to escape free and clear ?
He tells Cameron he is too weak to handle the heat , thus cajoling him into taking it , while offering to sacrifice himself , thus demonstrating what a good guy he is .
No other ploy offers Bueller any chance to both pin all of the blame on Cameron , yet keep him as a stooge .
Moments later , he has moved past any feelings of guilt he might have had and is busy convincing Sloane that they ’ve done Cameron a favor by exposing him to an increased level of child abuse .
Score : 2/2
* Shallow affect
While he is good at mimicking and mocking emotion , we rarely see any authentic emotional reactions , even in serious situations .
When feigning illness or emotional injury , as when Cameron makes to leave for home after Bueller kicks him , Bueller ’s speech and affect usually have an underlying sarcasm .
Score : 2/2
* Callous / lack of empathy
Perhaps Ferris ’ worst moment comes when he manipulates his best friend , Cameron into allowing the theft of his father ’s rare Ferrari , with the justification that they need a nice car for a particular ruse .
Cameron points out that his dad knows the odometer reading .
Ferris does n’t care and suggests running the car in reverse when they get back , knowing full well that this would n’t work ( he even says so later ) .
Cameron suggests renting a town car or limo , which , by the way , would have the added benefit of allowing Cameron to ride comfortably rather than being wedged into the backseat of a small sports car .
Ferris has no concern at all for the welfare of his best friend and , in fact would prefer to seem him in an emasculating position .
So , he refuses , due to a slight preference for the Ferrari to a Limo .
Later , Bueller convinces Cameron to leave the car in a cheap , unsafe parking garage rather than with a safer service , merely because he values saving some time and a few bucks over the interests of his friend .
Score : 2/2
* Failure to accept responsibility for own actions
Because the film is a psychopathic fantasy , Bueller is rarely put in a position to accept responsibility .
The closest case is the destruction of the Ferrari , already discussed .
Though Bueller is almost entirely responsible , he dupes Cameron into taking responsibility and forgets about it .
If he wo n’t accept responsibility for seriously harming his best friend , it ’s obvious Bueller would not accept responsibility if he were caught hacking the school computer , or tricking other students into having a fundraiser for his non-existent , terminal illness .
Score : 2/2
* Promiscuous sexual behavior
There are suggestions that Ferris is widely admired by the school vagine pool .
However , all indications are that he is loyal to Sloane .
Bueller lacks the sexual deviance and promiscuity often linked to psychopathy , unless he has a mad fetish for bad actresses .
His ridiculous marriage proposal is interesting though .
It does n’t seem to be meant as a joke , but he ’s not serious either .
She points out the reasons they are too young to marry , which had n’t seemed to have occurred to him , and he just kind of moves on to the next thing .
Score : 0/2
The fact that Bueller scores so highly on the first factor , aggressive narcissism , tells us that he is probably a case of primary psychopathy , meaning psychopathy is his root condition and probably biological , as opposed to being caused by other disorders or a poor environment .
Factor2 : Case history “ Socially deviant lifestyle ”
* Need for stimulation / proneness to boredom
Bueller is obviously a classic case here .
He ditches school chronically ; and when that gets too boring , does so in a stolen Ferrari .
Researchers estimate that 80 % of Ferrari owners are psychopaths , which helps to explain Bueller ’s obsession with the car .
2/2
* Parasitic lifestyle
Well , he ’s a high school kid so , to some measure this is inevitable .
He clearly manipulates his parents for favors beyond what is normal .
His primary reason for calling his best friend in the beginning of the film is the need for a car .
The tendencies and habits are there , but this is not yet a lifestyle .
Score : 1/2
* Poor behavioral control
Clearly .
Even in the tightest of situations , when he is caught posing as “ The Sausage King of Chicago ” in a restaurant and has the chance to bolt , Bueller will persist .
A more elaborate explanation of this trait is that the downfall of psychopaths is often either that they simply do n’t consider getting caught , if they are stupid , or that they overly brazen due to their belief in their own superiority , if they are smart , like Bueller .
This is why Bueller has the audacity to pick up Sloane in front of the school , with Rooney present , and then jam his tongue down her throat in full view even though he is posing as her father .
If only Rooney were n’t as hapless as he is heroic , Bueller would have been undone before second period .
2/2
* Lack of realistic , long - term goals
Let ’s go back to the marriage proposal .
It ’s based on nothing , having not planned at all for the future , or how they would sustain themselves as a family .
He ’s clearly a guy who thinks in the short term .
Bueller does , however , plan to go to college where he will no doubt major in business .
And is n’t having realistic , long - term goals in high school abnormal ?
It ’s simply too early to tell on this one .
0/2
* Impulsivity
Again , take your pick .
Proposing marriage because the thought popped into his head .
Stealing Cameron ’s dad ’s car .
And would even the BTK killer have the stones to take over a parade in downtown Chicago ?
Score : 2/2
* Irresponsibility
This is another tough one , because Ferris seems to have his shit together .
It would be easy to give him a 1 and just assume he looks after his school work just enough and does his chores around the house or whatever .
But the question is “ is he somewhat irresponsible or strongly irresponsible ? ”
Not , “ is he completely negligent ? ”
Clearly , the answer is that he is strongly irresponsible .
Score : 2/2
* Juvenile delinquency
Well , I ’ll go hard on Bueller on this one and easy on the next .
The kid is n’t knocking over liquor stores , but he ’s a white collar criminal in the making if ever there was one .
It ’s 1986 and he ’s already hacking .
He ’s habitually truant , steals a car , drives like a maniac ( which I say as someone who got nabbed doing 103 in 55 as a kid ) , commits fraud and seems to be years ahead of the curve on identity theft and every form of technological deception available .
He does n’t like to get his hands dirty , but that ’s just because he ’s smart and exists in a wealthy , suburban environment .
Disagreeing with me would make you a racist .
Score : 2/2
* Early behavior problems
I might be mistaken in giving Bueller only a one here .
My reasoning is that there are kids with worse behavioral problems and he is n’t out torturing animals and starting fires .
However , many psychopaths never directly inflict physical harm on anyone .
Business and politics are two of the fields in which many researchers say psychopaths can thrive , and harm thousands and occasionally millions without so much as throwing a punch .
Intelligent psychopaths usually only turn to serial killing and such when they are denied the positions of power they think they deserve .
That ’s why Rooney could turn Bueller into a serial killer by ruining his life .
But better a serial killer than a Senator .
So I ’m not sure his chronic manipulation , cheating and lying are less of an indication of psychopathy than some dumb kid who sticks fire crackers up cats ’ asses .
Still …
Score : 1/2
* Revocation of conditional release
This is only somewhat applicable .
Among other things , Bueller is never caught .
But when he is in an analogous situation –he has 99 % of what he wants and could get away free and clear , he will take on huge risks to get the remaining 1 % .
At the film ’s climax he is bolting home to a clean get away with only seconds to spare , yet he stops to chat with some tail .
His every desire must be completely satisfied and he will never allow the fear of negative consequences to factor into his decision making .
Score : 1/2
Traits not correlated with either factor
* Many short - term marital relationships
Again , there is indication that Ferris could sleep with every girl in his school if he chose to , and perhaps some past promiscuity .
But he seems to take far less advantage of that than the average high school boy would .
On the other hand his arbitrary proposal to Sloane and his casual attitude about her reluctance portend some poorly thought out and short term marriages .
As with the parasitic lifestyle , Bueller is too early in life to have earned a two .
Score : 1/2
* Criminal versatility
Ferris seems to be primarily a con man and a thief .
No sex crimes , no violence , but a range of hacking , cons , thievery and fraud .
Score 1/
2
Total Score : 31/40
Bueller ’s score is impressive .
A score of 30 is considered clearly psychopathic and , from what I can gather , is pretty uncommon .
Erase the ease and privilege of his environment , and his young age , and he might score even higher in categories like “ parasitic lifestyle ” and “ criminal versatility . ”
Rooney might be kind of an authoritarian prick himself , but then so was his doppelganger , Dirty Harry .
Only Rooney can see the danger Bueller poses , especially as he has established a strong influence over other students .
I ’ve already mentioned it , but Ferris seems like a natural for politics ( especially in Illinois ) and the idea of him holding a powerful position is terrifying .
While Bueller cavalierly risks life , limb and jail for his own gratification , Rooney does the same in order to thwart and stifle a young psychopath .
He would have succeeded too , if only Bueller ’s dingbat sister had n’t caved in at the end .
Now Ferris will continue unimpeded and , by 2014 , he will be voting to escalate drone attacks because of campaign contributions from Lockheed Martin .
And he wo n’t lose a wink of sleep over it .
Share this : Facebook
Google
Twitter
More
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
( CNN ) --
It 's not quite the achievement of a lunar landing , but astronaut Mike Massimino made Twitter history with a 139 - character post to the micro- blogging site -- the first person to do so from space .
A seven - member crew aboard space shuttle Atlantis is headed to the Hubble Space Telescope to make repairs .
" From orbit : Launch was awesome !!
I am feeling great , working hard , & enjoying the magnificent views , the adventure of a lifetime has begun ! " he wrote at 4:30 p.m. ET Tuesday .
With the tweet , Massimino kept his promise to file updates from the space shuttle Atlantis as it readies to repair the Hubble Space Telescope .
Massimino began tweeting in early April as he prepared for the mission .
By early Wednesday , his Twitter feed , astro_mike , had more than 241,000 followers .
Atlantis launched Monday afternoon with Massimino and six other crew members .
It is NASA 's fifth and final repair visit to the Hubble .
The crew was expected to arrive at the space telescope on Wednesday .
Watch Atlantis launch for Hubble mission »
" I 'm going to put my spacesuit on , next stop : Earth Orbit ! ! "
Massimino posted on Twitter on Monday morning before the launch .
Ironically , another Twitter user , astromike , has tweets that are more down - to - earth : " House - cleaning day .
I dusted everything that has a horizontal surface , " and " Will make " blender waffles " when the girls wake up .
From whole wheat kernels to waffles in 10 minutes ! "
Another astronaut , Mark Polansky , is posting Twitter updates as he prepares for the next planned space shuttle mission to the International Space Station .
Polansky , who is tweeting as astro_127 , will be the commander of the mission , scheduled for June .
All About Twitter Inc. • Hubble Space Telescope
Sign up to receive email alerts from Product Safety Australia direct to your inbox .
For more than five years the largest BitTorrent tracker on the Internet has been been operated informally by a small group of friends .
This will soon change as Global Gaming Factory takes over the ship to explore seas unknown .
Torrent Freak caught up with Pirate Bay's Peter Sunde to review the past week 's events and to look ahead to the future .
Founded in 2003 , the initial goal of the Pirate Bay founders was to build the first Scandinavian BitTorrent community .
However , with an increasing interest from users in other parts of the world , they decided to expand their horizon and made the site available in multiple languages a year after it was launched .
From then on The Pirate Bay quickly became the largest BitTorrent tracker on the entire Internet , responsible for the communication between millions of BitTorrent users at any given time of the day .
Up until today they have continued to do so in a rather unorganized fashion , but that is all about to change .
This Monday the relatively unknown Global Gaming Factory ( GGF ) announced that it will acquire The Pirate Bay for $ 7.8 million .
Provided that the shareholders agree and that GGF manages to raise the necessary funding to complete the sale , The Pirate Bay will be in new hands .
Undoubtedly , this announcement resulted in a tidal wave of media coverage .
It ’s been nearly a week since the sale to GGF was announced so TorrentFreak took the opportunity to catch up with departing Pirate Bay spokesman Peter Sunde to look back at the last few turbulent days and to find out what the future holds for him .
TF : Were you surprised by the negative responses to the sale ?
Peter :
Not really surprised , but overwhelmed anyhow .
The pressure of this thing has been enormous , and not a lot of people think it ’s fair for us to take a break from things .
I can appreciate that a lot of people put their support and hopes in us and we ’re really happy that we ’ve made an impact that allows people to do that .
At the same time , we ’re only human and ca n’t keep up with everything .
The Pirate Bay needs to change or it will die by itself .
TF : Hundreds of media outlets have covered the news , but it is not entirely clear what is actually being sold to GGF .
Can you enlighten us ?
Peter : GGF is buying the domain names for thepiratebay ( under all the tlds they exist ) .
They also get a copy of the code and the database .
The database includes no logs ( there ’s never been any logs ) and there ’s no personal details stored anywhere .
TF : GGF ’s future plans for the site are still very vague , but they announced that “ illegal downloading ” will he halted once they own the site .
What ’s your opinion on this ?
Peter :
Well , that depends on how you look at it .
GGF are n’t stupid , they know that if they only allowed pre-scanned content the site is worthless .
Illegal downloading ?
Well , torrents are n’t illegal , it could potentially lead to copyright being broken though .
But do n’t underestimate them .
They have had a hard time in the media , which they ’re not used to being in .
It ’s all new for them – all of a sudden BBC , CNN , all local media in Sweden and so on just hammer them with questions .
It ’s probably hard to answer in the beginning .
But they ’re not as stupid as they ’ve been portrayed .
TF : How do you think The Pirate Bay will look like a year from now ?
Peter : No idea really .
A guess would be an updated logo , new skin for the site , some changes in features but still the same basic concept .
TF : Will you or any of the other Pirate Bay co-founders be involved in the Pirate Bay site once it ’s sold ?
Peter :
As it looks right now , no .
TF : Will the old Pirate Bay team still be working on ( new ) BitTorrent related projects ?
Peter :
We ’re working hard on other things right now , especially with The Video Bay and some of our personal projects .
TF : The money generated by the sale will go to an unnamed foundation .
Can you tell us a little bit about the foundation that receives the money ?
Are they working on any interesting projects ?
Peter :
The foundation is interested in more political means than technical .
Having money will make it work quite hard , but there ’s nothing to present yet .
A lot of projects are in the pipe - line though .
TF : What does the BitTorrent community need the most to continue being the mainstream P2P protocol ?
Peter : More trackers , less centralized systems and more people standing up for the community .
— –
For the founders of the site the sale is certainly the end of an era and they deserve credit for all the work they ’ve done thus far .
We will watch closely to what happens with The Pirate Bay in the future but BitTorrent is here to stay with or without it .
Hi everyone ,
Auphelia Technologies is looking for highly skilled resources for work
in Gambit / JazzScheme , Web development and Database architecture .
Auphelia Technologies offers integrated management software , entirely
customized for small and medium - sized businesses , using innovative
technology and revolutionary features .
Auphelia is located in
Montreal , Canada .
See http://www.auphelia.com ( under construction ) .
Gambit is a complete , portable , efficient and reliable implementation
of the Scheme programming language .
See
http://dynamo.iro.umontreal.ca/~gambit.
JazzScheme is an open source programming language and cross-platform
framework built on top of Gambit .
It includes a sophisticated IDE and
has been used for more than 10 years to develop high - quality
commercial software .
See http://www.jazzscheme.org.
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROJECT
We are starting development on a new Enterprise Resource Planning
( ERP ) software that we plan on making top of its class .
Work will be a
complete rewrite and a major evolution of an existing product already
in use by a large client base .
Note that this project is a highly complex undertaking as we will not
be developing just another ERP software but a complete dynamic ERP
creation platform .
Project is planned to last around 1 1/2 year for
the first release .
Current team is composed of 10 people and is
planned to grow to around 25 .
TECHNOLOGIES
After an exhaustive evaluation period , decision has been made to
develop the backend entirely in Gambit / JazzScheme .
We still have n’t
decided between Qt and JazzScheme for our desktop client solution but
if the JazzScheme platform can be evolved to suit our needs , we have a
definite preference for using it accross the whole project .
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
We need resources for the following 4 positions :
LANGUAGE / FRAMEWORK DEVELOPPER
1 or 2 resources to work closely with Gambit and JazzScheme ’s authors
to evolve the JazzScheme langage and framework during a period of
about 6 months .
Planned work includes :
– Language
– Module / build system
– Performance / memory
– IDE / Remote debugger
– X11 and MacOS X frontends
Note that Gambit ’s author Marc Feeley , has confirmed his participation
part time in the project !
Ideally , the resources we are looking for would have expert knowledge
in Lisp , Scheme , Gambit and JazzScheme !
But realisticaly , if you do n’t
know those but are brilliant , motivated and want to be part of an
exciting project that could put Scheme to the forefront , please send
us your resume !
PROJECT DEVELOPPER
1 or 2 resources to complete our existing team and work on the Desktop
client and / or Server layer .
Knowledge of the following is a definite
plus :
– Lisp , Scheme , Gambit , JazzScheme
– GUI development
– Highly scalable server development
– Databases , SQL
WEB DEVELOPPER
1 resource to work on the Web client .
We need a world class expert in
advanced web interfaces as the Web client will have to implement all
the functionality of the Desktop client .
Knowledge of the following is
critical :
– Dynamic web development with AJAX
– Advanced web interfaces
– Javascript
– PHP
DATABASE ARCHITECT
1 resource to be lead in every database related work .
Knowledge of the
following is critical :
– World class expertise in database modeling
– Databases : PostgreSQL ( will probably be the first one supported ) ,
Oracle , SQLite ( for the offline mode )
Ideally we are looking for full time resources located near Montreal
but are definitely open to remote work and other options .
Auphelia
Technologies offers competitive & flexible employment conditions .
PS : Please feel free to pass this announce to your friends !
Cheers ,
Guillaume Cartier
gc@auphelia.com
This woman is from one Russian village .
She attracted our attention because of one weird fact about her .
According to her words she is fond of eating sand .
Yes , just regular sand you can get from outside .
This what she does – takes the bucketful of sand to bring home .
She did n’t tell how much she eats and why she does this .
The only information was shared is that she is fond of doing this .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
When I was 8 years old , my father explained to me the secret to American prosperity .
Immigrants come to the United States and take menial jobs so that their children have a chance at a better future , he told me .
While the jobs they take are below their intrinsic capabilities , they ’re focused on giving their children a better life , not personal job satisfaction .
Second - generation children , seeing how hard their parents work to give them an opportunity , in turn work hard at school , where , he noted , they often focus on mathematics and science in pursuit of the economic returns promised by careers in engineering and medicine .
Third - generation kids figure the economic return on effort expended is better for business and legal professionals and pursue those professions instead of technical ones .
By the fourth generation , any immigration - related incentives to work hard are largely nonexistent .
It was a gross generalization used to explain to a child the importance of immigration , but one that I have since found to be generally accurate .
On this 233rd celebration of U.S. Independence Day , in the midst of the worst economic recession in at least a lifetime , there is a national debate taking place as to the direction of the country .
And while I ’m confident that we will preserve our democracy and capitalism , I ’m concerned about the tone and tenure of the discussion around immigration .
Smart immigration policies will do more for American innovation and productivity than better math and science education , more spending on basic research and additional venture capital combined .
If we get strategic about immigration , I believe the U.S. can preserve its economic leadership position in the world far longer than anyone currently expects .
Why immigration is more important to innovation than broad - based science education
Shortly after President Obama was elected , The New York Times published an article by Ian Ayres in which he expressed support for appointing Larry Summers as Treasury Secretary .
The article quotes Dr. Summers on his assumption that top physics researchers are 3 - 4 standard deviations above the mean in terms of I.Q.
While I do n’t have evidence to support his assumption , my intuition is that he ’s right , including when he notes what a small group of people these great thinkers represent .
Dr. Summers states :
“ If…one is talking about physicists at a top - 25 research university , one is not talking about people who are two standard deviations above the mean .
And perhaps it ’s not even talking about somebody who is three standard deviations above the mean .
But it ’s talking about people who are three - and - a - half , [ or ] four standard deviations above the mean in the 1 in 5,000 , [ or ] 1 in 10,000 class . ”
If we assume that talent is evenly distributed throughout the planet , that the U.S. population is around 300 million , that the global population is 6.7 billion , and that 1/5,000 people are the top candidates to push U.S. innovation forward , that gives us a pool of 60,000 people in the U.S. and 1.28 million outside of it .
Innovation will not be spurred solely by giving those 60,000 Americans access to math or science education , but by providing the right incentives for them to enter the scientific and technical professions .
More importantly , we could radically increase the number of innovation candidates through targeted immigration of the 1.28 million people that hail from elsewhere .
The government cannot mandate desire
If the first benefit of immigration is importing talent , the second is that of importing “ hunger . ”
Many countries lack a way to identify and reward their brightest citizens , while that has been the allure of the U.S. since our inception .
So I would argue further that the “ innovation probability ” of a high I.Q. individual whose family has been in the U.S. for many generations is less than that of someone who ’s new to our nation and has a comparable intellect , but far more desire .
The time for a strategic approach to immigration is now
Broad - based mathematics education will strengthen our nation by improving our workforce , but that is not best path to innovation .
Basic research may create jobs and openings at universities to lay the foundation for innovation in certain areas , but the ROI on such investments is uncertain and sometimes misplaced .
And the pool of available venture capital is not the constraining factor in new startups — lack of talent is .
It ’s time for a more strategic and aggressive immigration policy , one that targets the best and brightest around the globe and makes it easy for them to become permanent residents .
We should be recruiting the world ’s best talent the same way top companies recruit the best talent .
Talk to anyone who ’s tried to become a resident here lately and you ’ll quickly realize the process is long and often highly random — in other words , very discouraging .
Strategic immigration , together with our strong democracy , capitalistic system and melting - pot culture , will deliver a better standard of living for many generations of Americans to come .
I am grateful to all of the immigrants in the U.S. on this Fourth of July .
To them , I say thank you — for everything you do .
Mike Speiser is a Managing Director at Sutter Hill Ventures .
The California Department of Insurance ( DOI ) is considering regulations that would enable insurance prices to depend on the precise number of miles a car is driven in a given billing period .
But in implementing these " Pay As You Drive " regulations , the DOI appears poised to empower insurance companies to require customers ' cars to be outfitted with " black - box " devices that could transmit back to the insurance companies all sorts of data about car motion ( acceleration , braking , and so forth ) as well as driver behavior ( steering and seat - belt wearing ) .
Although DOI has retreated from its prior position that these devices should track your location – a definite improvement – it's still true that every car already has a reliable , tamper - resistant device that verifies actual mileage : an odometer .
Even worse , there appear to be no restrictions on what the insurance companies would do with that data — of course , when you drive on the public street , you lose some privacy .
But 10 years ago , someone interested in your whereabouts would have had to decide in advance to follow you and then physically follow you .
Black boxes can collect information pervasively , silently , and cheaply for any later use by the insurance company , private parties or the government .
There is real danger that this information would not only be used to ascertain the political or associational affiliations of drivers , but also to charge more if you drive and park in neighborhoods with high vehicle theft and crime rates , to impose higher premiums for people who drive at night or to link your health insurance rates with location data that reveals your lunchtime trips to McDonald's .
In comments filed with the DOI this week , EFF has argued that it is unacceptable for insurance companies to coercively require customers to accept such devices in their cars , and that the proposed regulations be amended to permit drivers to participate in any verifed actual mileage program via other means ( like your car 's odometer ) .
EFF also argued that location privacy requires , at a minimum , that the proposed regulations restrict collection of information to the minimum amount necessary , require that the driver be able to independently verify information collected and require that the insurer have an explicit policy about the use and storage of the collected data .
Interested in protecting driver privacy in California ?
Consider telling Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner [ contact info ] that you agree with EFF 's criticisms .
Why is the Insurance Commissioner allowing the insurance companies to track drivers ?
Should n't he be tracking insurance companies ?
A Canadian - born man authorities allege is one of the most dangerous pedophiles in the world , has been arrested by Mexican federal police in connection to a massive child pornography ring they say spanned Canada , the U.S. and Mexico .
Police surrounded Arthur Leland Sayler 's home in Tijuana last week , a beachfront house they say he has lived in for the past 20 years .
They arrested Sayler and seized 15 hard drives they said contained more than 4 million videos of children involved in sex acts .
Mexican authorities told a San Diego news agency that Sayler crossed the Mexico - U.S. border almost daily and spent time in the American city repairing computers .
Mexican police also seized Sayler 's truck , which has California licence plates .
" I 'm worried for the children around here because there are a lot of children , " Filiberto Gomez said in a Spanish - language TV interview shortly after the arrest .
Gomez , who lived near Sayler , said he seemed like a good neighbour who " minded his own business . "
The OPP would not comment on Sayler 's case .
Toronto police 's child exploitation unit is normally notified about any child pornography cases that cross the Canadian border , however , they could not be reached for comment .
Neither could the RCMP .
Sayler is currently in a federal prison in Mexico City .
It is unclear whether he will be extradited to the U.S. or Canada or face trial in Mexico .
Sayler 's Canadian hometown is unknown .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
With files from Canadian Press
Read more about :
Man threw woman against glass repeatedly before pair fell through , witnesses say
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A man died today when he was impaled on a large shard of glass after throwing a woman through a shop window during a street row .
The pair were seen arguing in London 's West End shortly after 2am .
Witnesses told police the man threw the woman against the window of a branch of the US clothing brand Banana Republic up to three times .
After several blows , the glass shattered and the pair fell through , leaving the man fatally wounded .
Members of the public flagged down a police patrol which went to the shop , at the junction of Regent Street and Great Marlborough Street .
London ambulance service paramedics attended but the 30 - year - old was pronounced dead at the scene .
A postmortem examination was due to take place today .
The woman , also 30 , was taken to a central London hospital for treatment for multiple cuts , none of which were thought to be life - threatening .
A Metropolitan police spokesman said : " Shortly before 2.15 am , officers on patrol were informed by a member of the public of an altercation in Great Marlborough Street .
" When officers arrived … they found a male , believed to have gone through the window of a shop .
A woman was also found at the scene , suffering [ from ] cuts .
" Officers believe they know who the deceased is but await formal identification and next of kin to be informed . "
Anyone with information should call Westminster police on 020 7321 7434 or Crimestoppers , anonymously , on 0800 555 111 .
Originally published in the July 2009 issue
The end of the world comes .
I survive and I 'm warming my hands by a trash - can fire with the other survivors , and we 're figuring out what each of us can do in our little postapocalyptic community .
You 're a doctor ?
Okay , you can fix hearts .
You 're a plumber ?
Great , go plumb something .
They get to me :
What can you do ?
I 'm an editor at a men's magazine , I say .
But what can you do ?
I 'm a journalist , I explain .
But what are you qualified to do ?
Huh .
Good question .
Like most Americans , I do n't have any kind of technical certification or graduate degree .
I 'm not great with computers , and I 'm not really handy with tools or machines , either .
I 'm pretty good at my job , but unless Mad Max and co. need some help cleaning up their prose or selecting the Sexiest Remaining Woman Alive , I 'm afraid my practical skills are somewhat limited .
But then this is only a daydream — the past year has only seemed like the end of the world .
Still , as the prospect of getting laid off has gone from doomsday scenario to near universal dread , I 've sat up nights , wondering and worrying and wrestling with the same questions that weigh on so many of us :
What the hell would I do if I lost my job ?
And , more important , what the hell could I do ?
So over the course of six weeks this winter , I applied for about three hundred jobs .
I applied to be a marketing designer at Nascar , a personal shopper at Tiffany , and a methadone counselor at Rikers Island .
I applied to be the vice - president of collections and exhibitions at the Intrepid Sea , Air & Space Museum , a product designer at La - Z - Boy , a housekeeper on a cruise ship , a butler in a mansion , and a baby photographer .
I applied to be a customer - service rep at Trump University , a multimedia coordinator at the Clinton Global Initiative , and some kind of manager at Toys " R " Us , Chuck E. Cheese 's , Blockbuster , Home Depot , Starbucks , KFC , and McDonald's .
( More on that last one later . )
I applied to be an exterminator , a junior fashion designer , a men's buyer at Loehmann 's , a women 's buyer at Ann Taylor , and a sneaker salesman at Adidas .
I applied to work in the human - resources department of the New York Fed , the environmental - underwriting department of AIG , and the underpaid - assistant department for a " titan of industry . "
( " Candidate must be thick - skinned . " )
I applied to be a security guard at Yankee Stadium , a front - desk clerk at a Hilton ( graveyard shift ) , and a secretary , receptionist , or file clerk in every conceivable line of work in the greater New York City area .
I did all this because I was nearing my thirtieth birthday and was curious what my education and experience qualified me to do in an age of unsparing economic upheaval .
I did it because I knew the only way to gauge my qualifications accurately was to let the employment market dictate what I was and was n't qualified to do .
I did it because I wanted to see , as best I could , what it 's like out there in the trenches for at least some of the millions of people who've lost their jobs since September .
And I did it , if you really want to know the truth , because I was scared that I would become one of them .
I began by updating my résumé .
Nothing unusual about it , just a series of jobs over seven years , one better than the next , and a degree in English from a decent school .
I notified potential character references and asked them to be honest — or , you know , not — with potential queries .
And in a kind of social experiment , I drafted three different cover letters — one all hot air , one all business , and one just plain folksy — and alternated among them equally to see which style was most effective .
( More on that later , too . )
And then I began applying .
Every day , I would scour three major Internet job sites ( The New YorkTimes / Monster.com , Yahoo !
HotJobs , and CareerBuilder.com ; Craigslist — where the term job is used loosely , if not pornographically — is usually more trouble than it 's worth ) .
There were , of course , a few ground rules : I would n't apply for a job if it required a degree , accreditation , or license that I did n't have , because there 's no point in wasting anyone 's time if I 'm technically unqualified .
I would n't apply to any positions in the magazine or newspaper world , because I 'm already sort of aware of my qualifications in that field .
( And the frightening truth is , there are n't many jobs available , anyway . )
I would n't lie about my experiences or expectations on any of my applications or during interviews .
No surrogates would interview in my place , Good Will Hunting , " Retaainer ! " style .
And , whenever possible , I would say yes .
Or , more specifically , Yes !
Would I work nights and weekends ?
Yes !
Would I assent to a background check or join a union ?
Yes !
Do I require a work visa , or have I ever been arrested ?
Well , no , but in the context of convincing someone that I 'm perfect for a job , that no is really a yes !
Because yes !
is what you say when you want work so badly that you 'd walk across a graveyard at midnight to get it .
If someone ever decided to offer me a job , I would turn it down .
That 's work that could go to someone else , and I was n't about to take an opportunity away from someone who needs it .
Not that any of this would really get that far .
My first interview opportunity came almost immediately .
The owner of a trendy breakfast joint in TriBeCa was looking for an assistant manager , and about an hour after I 'd submitted my résumé , he e-mailed me back : " Alright publisher boy ... I 'm interested .
I totally understand that your industry is getting pounded on .
I would love to meet you just to hear what you have to say . "
I 'd never really worked in a restaurant before , but if the guy was willing to take a chance , so was I .
A few days later I showed up at the restaurant wearing a navy - blue suit and my lucky necktie — the same outfit I would wear to every subsequent interview — which made me feel like kind of an ass when the owner used his T - shirt to wipe his nose .
( Twice . )
He explained that he was looking to attract bigger crowds and that a " chimp on Xanax " could do the job .
He wanted new ideas and maybe I was his guy , but there was one problem , aside from my not having any relevant experience :
It seemed like I had a great job .
What the hell was I doing there ?
I answered , as I would a dozen times over the next few weeks , as honestly as I could : I 'd been working in the same industry for a few years and was looking to explore new options .
He nodded .
I smiled and made a crack about wanting free pancakes , too , and that more or less brought things to a close .
He sent me off with some homework — review a competitor 's menu and drum up some big , bold ideas that could boost business — and made a tentative suggestion that I come back to meet his staff .
I later wrote a thank - you note , by hand , and turned in my assignment .
( I faulted the competitor 's menu for its prissy tone — " organic " this , " grass - fed " that — and used phrases like " loss leader " and " all - you - can - eat buffet " to articulate my big , bold ideas . )
I admit , in retrospect , this must seem kind of lame , but you have to remember that I did n't have the first clue about how I could help this guy improve his restaurant .
And who does n't love an all - you - can - eat buffet ?
I waited to hear back .
I followed up .
Twice .
Nothing .
Luckily , about a week later a slightly less trendy breakfast joint contacted me about an assistant - manager position .
It 's not entirely unflattering to hear you 're potential management material , even if it's for a McDonald 's franchise in a part of New York where the Law & Order cops find dead hookers .
This interview was n't in person , and my answers to the online questions were to be given in the form of one - word answers .
Some of the questions were practical in nature .
( " Always , sometimes , never : I complete assigned tasks more quickly than my coworkers . " )
Some were ethical .
( " Always , sometimes , never :
It 's okay to borrow from the cash register , so long as I pay it back . " )
And some were even existential .
( " In an ideal world , would you rather be a file clerk or a receptionist ? "
Which , if you think about it , is kind of heavy , and to which I replied , ambivalently , receptionist . )
There was no real engagement , no spontaneous interaction , and I realized that each of my answers would probably be reduced to data and run through a very expensive machine that would determine whether or not I was truly McDonald 's management material .
The McDonald 's brass , with their billions served and hellish turnover rates , had interviewing down to a science , and I was n't all that surprised when I did n't hear back from them , either .
Would it have ended differently if I 'd met someone from McDonald 's face - to - face , smiling and nodding and yessing my way into a second - round interview ?
Would I have felt better about the whole thing if I 'd been rejected by a real person ( as I 'd been in TriBeCa ) instead of a machine ?
Probably not .
But the fact that two restaurants of vastly different character rejected me after single interviews ( and that the likes of Papa John 's and Hale & Hearty did n't even want to meet me ) did n't bode well for my future in food service .
Working retail is my personal idea of hell , but a job 's a job , and I applied to pretty much every store or sales floor in New York City .
A few weeks into my search , I opened an e-mail from someone who'd seen my application for a sales - representative position : " My name is Benjamin . *
I would like to thank you for your interest in our company and invite you over for a tour of our facilities . "
Which was great news , except for one problem :
His facilities were a Chrysler dealership on the West Side of Manhattan .
I know dick about cars and even less about selling cars , and there was the small matter of Chrysler 's delicate financial condition .
But I said yes —
Yes ! — and the next day I entered the vaulted glass emporium , empty but for some bored - looking employees and some impossibly shiny rides , and shook hands with crew - cut , all - American , thirty - something Benjamin .
( I was expecting Buddy Garrity ; I got Coach Taylor . )
We were n't in his office a minute when he took a call from someone — his boss , judging from his shift in tone — checking in on the action that morning .
Benjamin said they'd had two customers : one guy who'd had his car repossessed and was looking for a new one and another guy who no longer wanted to make his monthly payments and wanted to talk to someone about that .
Benjamin recounted this without embarrassment — just another day , boss — before hanging up and telling me how loudly business was booming .
He never asked about my knowledge of cars or car buyers , focusing instead on the dealership 's pay structure — a hundred bucks a week , plus a very modest commission .
He told me he was looking for people who understood people — the rest he could teach me — and after about twenty minutes , he said he'd open a spot for me if I wanted one .
This was my first real prospect .
It was n't much — a hundred bucks a week does n't go far in Manhattan , and American cars are n't exactly selling themselves — but for an enterprising man , a hungry man , it would 've been enough .
After our meeting we played phone tag for a while , and I eventually sent him my regrets .
In the last of our e-mail exchanges , he included a postscript : " If you know of anyone who might be interested in the job , I will need another two to three guys . "
I asked around , mostly among my unemployed friends .
No takers .
* This name has been changed for the purposes of this story .
Pretty soon I heard from Macy's .
I 'd been applying there for a while — they post a few new jobs a week — and I was finally invited to interview for a sales position .
I made my way through the bowels of its huge flagship store until I reached a warren of back offices that resembled my local DMV : uncomfortable chairs lined up in rows , beige wallpaper , and a few women in their early twenties waiting to be interviewed .
Two of the applicants were friends who said they 'd both been looking for work for three weeks .
" No receptionist jobs , no secretaries , no nothing , " one of them told me , and I nodded .
Me , too .
I asked the other woman in the room , a chubby girl with glasses and a big smile , if she 'd had any luck .
This was her big break , she said .
She 'd applied for a job in beauty and she was just so excited to be there .
She wanted to work in the movies someday , and after applying to , like , a hundred other jobs and only hearing back from Macy's , she knew this was fate .
I was excited for her and , to be honest , a little jealous .
I 'd forgotten what it was like to interview for a job you really wanted , and I realized that I lacked that sense of excitement , that clarity of purpose that rings as loud and true as a church bell .
I had to do something about my energy level .
I eventually found myself sitting across from a pretty HR rep with frosted curly hair and long acrylic nails .
We talked mostly about customer service — what it meant , how I 'd provide it , why it was important at Macy 's — and I told her I got it .
I knew how to shop and I knew how to sell ; this is how I 'd sell that suit or this is how I 'd push the warranty on a flat - screen TV .
Customer service is everything , I told her , and she smiled and nodded .
I was on .
She said she 'd pass my résumé along to the department heads , and if there was any interest , one of them would be in touch directly .
Later that day I bragged to my wife that I 'd nailed my Macy 's interview , that I had this woman eating out of the palm of my hand .
It never occurred to me — not until recently , anyway , when I realized Macy 's would never call me — that maybe she felt sorry for me .
That all her smiling and nodding was a simple act of human kindness , of pity , for a loudmouth with no sales experience .
Interviews can be funny that way :
You can walk away knowing less about the job and more about yourself than you 'd like to admit .
They can be funny in other ways , too .
About a week after the Macy 's interview , I applied for a position selling jewelry at an Upper East Side boutique , and the owner called me back himself .
His English was , at best , broken , and for the first few minutes of our conversation , I might as well have been talking to Beaker from the Muppets .
That did n't stop me , though .
Oh , no .
When in doubt , I said yes !
or asked him to repeat the question , and I was able to make out that he wanted to meet me .
I arrived at the shop the following day to find a middle - aged man who was a dead ringer in every aspect save his impenetrable accent for Lloyd from Entourage .
We sat in his back room , and joining us for the interview was an obese woman of central - Asian extraction who kept the books and wore her velour sweatpants snug around her thighs .
We talked about how the ideal applicant would be honest , trustworthy , kind , and smart , and how he would have to make wealthy women feel good about buying jewelry .
That 's when Lloyd asked me to sell him some jewelry .
I swallowed .
Lloyd would pretend he was a wealthy woman who needed one piece of jewelry for an evening gala and one for a garden party , and it was my job to pick two pieces from the store 's inventory and make the sale .
Lloyd and the bookkeeper waited silently as I got up and then came back with my selections .
Me : So , uh , for your gala , we have this extraordinary cubic - zirconia necklace , which , uh , would fall so beautifully on your neck and frame your collarbone perfectly .
Lloyd :
But my husband kill me if I come home with more diamond !
Me :
But once he sees you with this on , ma'am , he 'll fall in love with you all over again .
And it 's a classic .
You 'll wear it forever .
You could pass it on to your daughters .
Lloyd :
But I never had children .
Me : ...
Lloyd : Okay .
What about garden party ?
Me : For that I have this beautiful , um , coral and , uh , semiprecious - stone necklace that 's in the shape of flowers .
Like the kind you find in a garden .
Where you 're having your party .
It 's a classic .
You would own the garden party .
It would look really great with your collarbone .
Lloyd : Okay , I buy .
This episode , during which a small part of me died , was a revelation :
It was the first time anyone had asked me to prove that I could do the job I was applying for .
All the answers and explanations , all the words about what I could do , were irrelevant .
It was put up or shut up , and as I packed up my things to leave , Lloyd said the damnedest thing .
He was a jeweler , he said .
He could recognize a gem even when everyone else saw a stone .
All he needs is a good stone , he said , and he could do the rest .
An impressive and poignant metaphor , particularly for a man who apparently learned English by watching Dynasty , and it may explain why he never called again .
My first shot at a real office job did n't come until a few weeks into my search , and it was an instance of how a few simple questions asked during the application process can save everybody and their nice Italian shoes a lot of trouble .
I 'd applied for a junior - executive position at a sports - marketing agency , and someone called me back .
Would I like to come by the office for an interview ?
Yes !
Would I like to come in tomorrow afternoon at , say , 3:30 ?
Yes !
Do I need directions to their offices in New Jersey ?
Yes !
I hung up and wondered how the hell I was going to get to New Jersey .
I do n't own a car — I live in New York — so I did some digging and discovered a New Jersey Transit bus could drop me a stone 's throw from the office .
Nice .
But about a half hour into my ride , I realized that NJT bus drivers do n't always announce the names of the stops .
This driver did n't , anyway , so I convinced myself that we 'd already passed my stop and hopped off the bus .
There I was , standing on a sidewalk in the wilds of industrial north Jersey , when raindrops the size of lemons started falling .
I walked back a few blocks and found a crossing guard , a Wilford Brimley type with a bushy mustache and an orange reflective vest , who told me I was about four miles from my destination .
I got off too early .
Fuck .
I was soaking wet , there were no cabs in sight , and my shoes were slowly drowning .
The crossing guard must have sensed my distress — I suspect Helen Keller could 've sensed my distress — so he said I could wait with him in his little brick hut until the next bus came .
In a half hour .
The kindness of strangers — it never gets old .
The man had been a crossing guard for only a few months .
He 'd retired from the police force last summer and started looking for part - time work .
Turns out , he told me , that kind of work can be hard to come by , but he had a buddy over at City Hall who set him up as a crossing guard .
Easy work , decent pay , cute kids :
Apparently you need some connections to become a crossing guard these days .
The next bus eventually pulled up .
I thanked my new friend and made my way to the office .
My potential new employer was twenty - four , tops , and his questions were of the most pedestrian variety :
Why did I apply to this new job ?
( I love sports ! )
What are my two biggest strengths ?
( Enthusiasm and intelligence .
I then added modesty , which he jotted down without skipping a beat . )
He tells me that he 's looking for a people person , someone with good communication skills to help his young sports - marketing firm grow .
He saw some potential in my résumé but told me he had a few more candidates to meet before he'd be in touch again .
The whole interview took about ten minutes , handshake to handshake ; the whole trip took about five hours , and everything the company learned about me — that I was probably unqualified or at least not as well qualified as someone with actual sports - marketing experience — could 've been deduced from a few simple questions up front .
I did n't hear back from him , of course , and my shoes have n't looked the same since .
That was the day I realized my little experiment had to come to an end .
I went on to interview for a few more jobs — one of which , a financial - services sales rep at MetLife , became a real prospect , but only if I would provide them with the name , phone number , and household income of everyone I 've ever met .
( I passed . )
For weeks now , my ego has been negotiating the aftermath — the employers must have known I was n't desperate for a job , my application system was flawed , I was n't unqualified but rather not as qualified as other applicants — but the results speak for themselves : three hundred résumés sent , eight interviews , and two real prospects , both doing something I think I would hate .
I like to think it 's a coincidence that those prospects happened to be in ailing industries , but I 'm not so sure .
I also like to think I 've learned a few practical things that could be useful to others looking for a job — that a folksy cover letter ( " Give me a shot , you wo n't be sorry ... " ) is more effective than a formal one ( " I would love to explain a little more about my professional and personal assets ... " ) , that experience matters a lot in restaurant management but not as much in sales , that you should look to struggling industries for unexpected opportunities — but who am I kidding ?
I batted , like , 0.006 ; I 'm the last person you want advice from .
No .
I tried to find decent paying work and I failed , and after sitting through all the interviews and secretly congratulating myself that I was better than all of this and that this was all one big joke , I discovered that the joke is really on me .
Today 's job market is brutal — it frightens and offends , exhausts and unmoors , and reminds even arrogant men who already have jobs of the countless things they can never be .
It 's a bracing realization .
But I also realized something else .
When that trash - can fire slowly dies out and we all turn to the task of rebuilding the economy , I 'm not sure I 'll be so uneasy about what I may or may not be qualified to do .
I think I 'll just be happy to do what I can , whatever it takes to start again .
Richard Dorment Richard Dorment is the editor - in - chief of Men ’s Health .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Singapore Jumpstarting Electric Vehicles
August 17th , 2009 by Zachary Shahan
[ social_buttons ]
Singapore will be testbedding electric vehicles starting next year .
A task - force of its leading organizations and agencies related to electric vehicles will conduct extensive work identifying the needs and possibilities of these vehicles .
The task - force is chaired by the Energy Market Authority ( EMA ) and the Land Transport Authority ( LTA ) .
It will also include the Agency for Science , Technology and Research ( A * STAR ) , the Economic Development Board ( EDB ) , and the National Environment Agency ( NEA ) .
The testbed will also include any auto or technology companies who are interested in the matter .
In a press release sent out earlier this year , Singapore government states that the goal of the testbed is “ to examine infrastructure requirements and new business models arising from EVs , as well as to identify industry and R&D opportunities . ”
The Singapore government is putting in $ 20 million for infrastructure development and testbedding of electric vehicles as part of this program .
Singapore seems like a perfect place for testbedding of electric vehicles .
As the Chief Executive of their Energy Market Authority , Lawrence Wong , states : “ Electric vehicles are an exciting new area for both the energy and transport sectors .
Singapore is well - positioned for the deployment of EVs because of our compact urban environment , and robust electrical grid and IT infrastructure .
The test bed will provide an open platform for companies to test out different EV prototypes and charging technologies . ”
Chairman of the A*STAR Science and Engineering Research Council , Charles Zukoski , states : “ A* STAR is excited to work with companies in creating the next generation technologies that will transform the transportation system through electrification … .
The participating companies benefit from access to top research talent and a place to demonstrate their technologies and their business models .
Singapore will benefit from more efficient energy usage and the commercial impact of the companies locating their research and demonstration projects here . ”
Companies already signed up for the testbedding program through a Memorandum of Understanding include Renault - Nissan and Keppel Energy .
The press release put out by the Singapore government states : “ Renault - Nissan will supply EVs to the Singapore market and share its knowledge of EVs to develop common standards , while Keppel Energy will focus on developing charging stations and other infrastructure to support the test - bedding of EVs . ”
The taskforce and these companies are working to get the first vehicles on the road in 2010 .
The program is anticipated to be a great benefit to companies and countries all around the world , but especially for those involved in the testbedding .
The program is intended to go from 2010 to 2012 .
For more on the electric vehicle testbedding program in Singapore , read this press release .
Image credit : ImipolexG via flickr under a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Pocket projectors -- if they are n't quite ' all the rage ' -- crop up all over the place these days .
Beambox has teamed up with MiLi ( makers of some fine iPhone chargers ) on this newest one .
The MiLi Evolution Mini Power Projector works in conjunction with your iPhone or iPod touch , docking it into the unit which then acts as projector and charger in one .
The LCOS projector boasts 10 lumens of brightness for VGA projection of an image from 3 to 70 inches .
It 'll be about $ 255 when it 's released around the end of July .
One more shot after the break .
Coral reefs throughout the Caribbean have been comprehensively ' flattened ' over the last 40 years , according to a disturbing new study by the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) .
The collapse of reef structure has serious implications for biodiversity and coastal defences – a double whammy for fragile coastal communities in the region .
It was already known that coral cover in the Caribbean was in decline , but this is the first large scale study showing exactly what this means for the architecture of the region 's reefs .
Published online on June 10 by the Proceedings of the Royal Society B , the researchers found that the vast majority of reefs have lost their complex structure and become significantly flatter and more uniform .
The most complex reefs have been virtually wiped out .
The researchers , working with colleagues at Simon Fraser University in Canada , analysed changes in the structure of reefs using 500 surveys across 200 reefs conducted between 1969 and 2008 .
They found that 75 per cent of the reefs are now largely flat , compared with 20 per cent in the 1970s .
There have been two major periods of reef flattening .
The first occurred when a widespread disease killed about 90 per cent of the Elkhorn and Staghorn corals in the late 1970s .
The second period has been underway more recently and is thought to have been caused by an increase in the intensity and frequency of coral bleaching events , as a consequence of human - induced climate change increasing sea surface temperatures .
Lead researcher Lorenzo Alvarez - Filip , of UEA 's School of Biological Sciences , said : " For many organisms , the complex structure of reefs provides refuge from predators .
This drastic loss of architectural complexity is clearly driving substantial declines in biodiversity , which will in turn affect coastal fishing communities .
" The loss of structure also vastly reduces the Caribbean 's natural coastal defences , significantly increasing the risk of coastal erosion and flooding . "
Reversing declines in reef architecture now poses a major challenge for scientists and policy - makers concerned with maintaining reef ecosystems and the security and well - being of Caribbean coastal communities .
A wiki operator who was browbeaten by Apple 's legal team into removing posts about circumventing the company 's music - playback software tells me he is relieved that the iTunes proprietor has changed its tune and he 'll be able to restore the disputed pages .
Apple backed off only under legal pressure of its own in the form of a lawsuit filed against it by the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
From an EFF press release :
In November 2008 , Apple sent a series of legal threats to the operator of BluWiki , alleging that these hobbyist discussions about interoperability violated copyright law and constituted a violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , even though the author (s ) of the pages had not yet figured out how to accomplish their goal .
In response to Apple 's legal threats , BluWiki took down the wiki pages in question .
In April 2009 , EFF and the San Francisco law firm Keker & Van Nest sued Apple on behalf of OdioWorks , which runs BluWiki , asking a court to reject Apple 's claims and allow BluWiki to restore the discussions .
On July 8 , 2009 , Apple sent ( a ) letter withdrawing its cease - and - desist demands and stating that " Apple no longer has , nor will it have in the future , any objection to the publication of the iTunesDB Pages . "
As a result , EFF has moved to dismiss its complaint against Apple .
" While we are glad that Apple retracted its baseless legal threats , we are disappointed that it only came after 7 months of censorship and a lawsuit , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Fred von Lohmann . "
In response to my e-mail , BluWiki operator Sam Odio says : " It 's a relief that Apple has backed down from this issue .
As the operator of a non-commercial wiki the idea of a prolonged legal battle obviously stresses me out .
We are planning on putting the disputed wiki back online in the next few weeks .
There 's some DMCA Safe Harbor paperwork that we need to fill out . "
You can read the original takedown demand e-mail from Apple 's lawyer here .
And the EFF archive has more information about the case .
I 've requested comment from Apple 's public relations department .
Welcome regulars and passersby .
Here are a few more recent Buzzblog items .
And , if you 'd like to receive Buzzblog via e-mail newsletter , here 's where to sign up .
Web developer site PerlMonks is obliging users to change up their passwords , following a successful hacking attack .
The community website , which provides a forum for users interested in Perl programming and related subjects , such as web applications and system administration , posted a notice ( extract below ) admitting the hacker had breached its systems in May .
The breach - which exposed unencrypted passwords , together with associated names and email addresses , only came to light last week after hackers posted the passwords of high ranking users via an online magazine .
Some time on May 20 , 2009 , an unused ( but still online ) PerlMonks server was hacked , and its root password obtained by unknown individuals .
The hacker (s ) dumped contents from the PerlMonks user database on that machine , data which is estimated to be current as of approximately September 2008 .
The exploit was published in a hacker e-zine published on July 28 , and was brought to the attention of PerlMonks administrators later that night .
The published material included the passwords , email addresses , and " real " names of all of the members of janitors and Saints in Our Book .
However , the hackers presumably obtained , and could distribute , the user info of all PerlMonks users — at least those existing as of last September .
As far as is known , the main PerlMonks servers have not been hacked .
An earlier notice on PerlMonks ' website ( below ) shows that the sense of humour in its cloisters remains strong and unimpaired , in spite of last week 's security snafu .
PerlMonks said it plans to begin using encrypted password hashes ( something it ought to have been doing already , you might think ) .
The site has reset the passwords of those users who have n't had a chance to change their login credentials themselves .
PAUSE for thought
The password security issue at PerlMonks has implications beyond one particular web site .
An email from administrators of the Comprehensive Perl Archive Network ( extract below ) , which maintains an archive of software written in Perl , warns of possible knock - on effects from the PerlMonks hack .
This email is being sent to inform you that all passwords on the popular PerlMonks website were compromised .
Many CPAN authors have accounts there and in some cases have used the same password for PAUSE .
If you have any reason to suspect that your PAUSE account password is no longer secure , please visit https://pause.cpan.org/ and change it .
PAUSE ( Perl Authors Upload Server ) is a system that allows registered users to upload new modules of code .
Any problems there would be far more serious than breaches of an account on the community website PerlMonks alone .
The whole incident emphasises the need for robust password security .
Using passwords that are resistant to dictionary attack - and that vary between different sites - is a good start along this road . ®
Bootnote
Thanks to Register reader Jacqui C for alerting us to the wider implications of the attack on the PerlMonks monastery .
The Guardian
“ Pinboard is a very effective service …
Sometimes , you do n't need glitz ; you need plumbing . ”
One by one , the titans of conservative opinion keep falling .
G. Gordon Liddy got destroyed by Chris Matthews today .
The viral “ birther ” conspiracy fever may be breaking at last , thanks to Matthews :
Matthews offers a template for dealing with wingnuts .
( 1 ) Ask questions , ( 2 ) present evidence , ( 3 ) ask difficult question to answer , ( 4 ) Sit back and nod your head , forcing the wingnut to keep talking .
And talking .
Wingnuts are their own worst enemies .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : guitar strummer 1 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 6 , 2019
Subject : killers from space i really enjoyed this movie .. i was never much on 50's space movies now i know i missed out on alot of fun .. this movie yes its cheesy but charming in its own way .i thoroughly enjoyed it .
- October 6 , 2019 killers from space
Reviewer : Anonymous - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 30 , 2017
Subject : cheesy but fun movie saw this flim on vhs 12 years ago laughing silly to the end to bad mst3 k did n't make fun of this movie - November 30 , 2017 cheesy but fun movie
Reviewer : BoardOp - favorite favorite favorite - September 23 , 2015
Subject : another awful movie .... ... and I love it !
I have watched these old cheesy flicks for over fifty years , and each one is a treasure unto itself .
You just have to look past the acting , the dialog , the script , and ...uh... nevermind - September 23 , 2015 another awful movie ....
Reviewer : dahszil - favorite favorite favorite - May 20 , 2014
Subject : " I 'm terribly sorry Mrs. Martin " But I gotta have a cigarette .
i just started watching , sorry .
but it amazes me that in these older movies every time somebody meets another person or has nothing better to do , its alcohol and / or cigarettes .
the greatest killers of all drugs that people take today .
do n't get me wrong i love old movies .
- May 20 , 2014 " I'm terribly sorry Mrs. Martin "
Reviewer : blakta2 - favorite favorite favorite - April 7 , 2014
Subject : Killers From Space
I have enjoyed these creature features since I was a small child .
It grew into pure love about the time I became a teenager and earned a black and white television for my bedroom !
I 'm nearly 50 now and my love for these movies has n't dimmed at all .
Some of them are perfect , some are not , but all of them are awesome ... every single one !
- April 7 , 2014 Killers From Space
Reviewer : Myidoru - favorite favorite favorite - December 6 , 2013
Subject : Quite Entertaining
It really was quite entertaining , as long as you suspended judgement on the googly eyed aliens .....
A plot was in evidence , and there was some actual acting , giant monsters and big explosions .
But ... sad about the aliens .
- December 6 , 2013 Quite Entertaining
Reviewer : Framan - favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 2 , 2013
Subject : Picture quality is pretty good
The previous reviews have discussed the quality of the plot and acting .
The picture quality is adeqaute for personal watching .
- June 2 , 2013 Picture quality is pretty good
Reviewer : USABG58 - favorite favorite - June 29 , 2011
Subject : Excuse me ...?
" Tar Baby 2 " ?!
" Tar Baby 7 " ?!
Ahhh ... well ... are n't those phrases ... eh , never mind .
Anyway , not worth my time watching it .
- June 29 , 2011 Excuse me ...?
Reviewer : jeffzkrazie - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 6 , 2011
Subject : Scagsdale need to stop biting the bone Nibble Nibble ..
Hmmmm Scaggy ?
Love the movie , I 've got a cheap VHS Copy of it and I play it every so often when I'm in the mood of Digesting Cheese in the movie Industry .
- May 6 , 2011 Scagsdale need to stop biting the bone
Reviewer : erikals - favorite favorite favorite - March 25 , 2011
Subject : Cheap 'n Cheesy Pretty cheaply made movie - the effects are rubbish , cheap plot devices ( alien mind control disabled by sodium pentothal ) .
Good for a laugh or two if you like these sort of movies .
- March 25 , 2011 Cheap 'n Cheesy
Reviewer : ohsnapiam56 - favorite favorite favorite - January 8 , 2011
Subject :
Have some wine with this cheese !
Good ' awful ' movie ... crappy special effects , stiff acting ( well except for Peter Graves ) .
Two things to watch for : in the cave he is supposed to be running through it trying to find an escape route but he keeps running past the same rock formation a zillion times .
And at the end , when he holds the gun on the guy , he is holding it upside down ( actually pointing it at him ) .
Then you see him look down , recognize what he 's doing and then they give you a close up while he turns the gun around , If you watch his arms , you can see him do it .
Love it .
- January 8 , 2011 Have some wine with this cheese !
Reviewer : Scagsdale - favorite favorite favorite - November 23 , 2010
Subject : Dr Feel Rotten quit political bashing Tea Partiers are n't crazy .
Sarah Palin is not any more crazy than most politically active folks on the left .
Why bring this nonsense up in movie reviews ?
As for the movie - cool old Sci Fi - always love these things - reminds me of my childhood .
- November 23 , 2010 Dr Feel Rotten quit political bashing
Reviewer : Dr Feel Rotten - favorite favorite - November 3 , 2010
Subject : Blew em to smitherines , but ...
What about the 10 billion others still out in space just waiting on those platforms ?
A mere 50 years has passed in our time , but for them it 's only been a few days .
They 're back as the Tea Party !
It 's all over earthlings .
- November 3 , 2010 Blew em to smitherines , but ...
Reviewer : accalaurie49 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 10 , 2010
Subject : Watch the Skies !!!
Nice little low budget film !
Of course , stiff acting , cheesy and hilarious aliens even according to the standards of its time , but as a whole very funny .
For whom it may concern :
The author of the short story used as basis for the screen play is Myles Wilder , the son of director / producer W. Lee Wilder .
So , it is kind of " family business " .
- May 10 , 2010
Watch the Skies !!!
Reviewer : nigeldavahah - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 10 , 2010
Subject : i liked it worth the watch - May 10 , 2010 i liked it
Reviewer : cosmico - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 2 , 2010
Subject : Fascinating
Hard to explain rationally , but this film has a strange , almost hypnotic attraction for me , because every time I saw it on TV in the 60s and 70s , it was 3 or 4 in the morning when I was ready for sleep but not yet willing to give up .
This is likely W. Lee Wilder 's most famous film , a crazy b- movie part sci- fi , part film noir , part soap opera , part psychological thriller , with lots of very odd visuals and bizarre effects .
I told you it was hard to explain rationally , but it easily ranks a 5 star rating from me .
Personally , I find it a heck of a lot more entertaining than anything the director 's more famous but less kindly brother Billy made .
If you liked this one at all , check out PHANTOM FROM SPACE and THE SNOW CREATURE .
cosmico -- March 2 , 2010 Fascinating
Reviewer : Step_Nine_Productions - favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 12 , 2009
Subject : Well , this is interesting KILLERS FROM SPACE is a very ... hmmm , I can't really think of the right words to describe this .
It 's not that it is horrible , as some reviewers here seem to think , it is just a cool old b-movie about aliens .
There is n't anything super - amazing , but it 's really great to watch if you are not expecting an epic production .
BOTTOM LINE : **** out of a possible ***** stars .
- December 12 , 2009
Well , this is interesting
Reviewer : bestpbx - favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 24 , 2009
Subject : Great old time Sci Fi fun !
I love these old space monster movies !
Everyone in them takes it so seriously and the result is a great movie to watch on a rainy afternoon .
You could watch them with a kid and not be worried that they would see nudity or four letter words .
ANd it is just spooky enough to interest the kiddos without making them a candidate for therapy .
- February 24 , 2009
Great old time Sci Fi fun !
Reviewer : jazzfan - favorite favorite - October 11 , 2008
Subject : I first saw this on TV 50 years ago And those big eyes scared me back then .
The best parts of the movie are Graves ' 53 Studebaker and his delicious wife .
- October 11 , 2008 I first saw this on TV 50 years ago
Reviewer : pistol71 - favorite favorite favorite - August 20 , 2008
Subject : Ahead of it 's time ?
But it is just me or is this anticipating the whole alien abduction phenomenon by decades ?
The film was made SEVEN years before the " first " classic real life case of Betty and Barney Hill in 1961 , yet it features all the touchstones associated with it flashbacks distubed sleep , waking up on a table surrounded by aliens AND hypnotic regression !
Life imitating art or proof that the phenomenon is older than some believers think ?
There are some good UFO ideas and the dialogue occasionally sparkles " Dr would you not feel safer on THIS side " ?
When our hero is escaping from the monsters he ran into whilst fleeing his cell ?
responses please to jstone@
Jason
This is what everyone else says a not atypical 1950's American sci- fi movie with failly poor acting , fairly weak plot and leaden dialogue .
But it is just me or is this anticipating the whole alien abduction phenomenon by decades ?
The film was made SEVEN years before the " first " classic real life case of Betty and Barney Hill in 1961 , yet it features all the touchstones associated with it flashbacks distubed sleep , waking up on a table surrounded by aliens AND hypnotic regression !
Life imitating art or proof that the phenomenon is older than some believers think ?
There are some good UFO ideas and the dialogue occasionally sparkles " Dr would you not feel safer on THIS side " ?
When our hero is escaping from the monsters he ran into whilst fleeing his cell ?
responses please to jstone@ lineone .
net ( London , England ) Jason - August 20 , 2008 Ahead of it's time ?
Reviewer : Robin_1990 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 9 , 2008
Subject : Cheese at it 's finest ( I saw it on DVD ) I saw this film on DVD , and was amazed at how it kept me amused .
It is n't a " Good " film in the traditional sense , But it it good cheesy fun !
After all , back in the 50's and today , B - Movies were designed to let people excape from reality .
And this film does that !
- April 9 , 2008 Cheese at it 's finest ( I saw it on DVD )
Reviewer : beirwer - favorite - March 9 , 2007
Subject : Pyew , what a stinker .
The acting is horrible , the pace is dead slow , sequences are drawn out way too long .
The aliens are ridiculous .
They look like crash - test dummies at the moment of impact .
If the budget was that low they should have just had them look like humans .
There 's " so bad it 's good " ( " Killer Shrews " , " Fiend Without A Face " , etc. ) and then there 's so bad it 's a turd ( this ) .
Most of the worst B movies I 've ever seen I could at least say it was worth a watch one time just to have seen it .
This piece of crap was n't even worth that .
- March 9 , 2007 Pyew , what a stinker .
Reviewer : JoeCinema - favorite favorite favorite - September 3 , 2005
Subject : Aliens ?
LOL
The Killers from Space in this low - budget sci-fier are a group of aliens bent on conquering the earth .
To this end , they overtake the mind and body of atomic scientist Peter Graves , using the poor man as a combination spy and saboteur .
When Graves realizes this , he tries to warn mankind , but no one believes him .
Marching defiantly back to the aliens ' Bronson Canyon headquarters , where the slimy villains are busily syphoning off electrical power from a nearby generator , Graves vows to stop the extraterrestrials at any cost ... including his own life ( or what there 's left of it ) .
The makeup used for the aliens is laughable , but the film works so long as it concentrates on Graves ' plight .
Produced and directed by W. Lee Wilder , the brother of the more celebrated Billy Wilder , Killers from Space was distributed in the US by RKO Radio .
Cast :
Peter Graves - Doug Martin
James Seay - Col .
Banks
Gaylord " Steve " Pendleton - Briggs /
Barbara Bestar - Ellen Martin
Robert Roark - Guard
Ben Welden - Pilot
Burt Wenland - Sergeant
Mark Scott - Narrator
Lester Dorr - Station attendant
Jack Daly - Powerhouse guard
John Merrick - Deneb - Tala
Shepard Menken - Maj.
Clift
Frank Gerstle - Dr. Kruger
Ron Kennedy - Sentry
Production Credits :
W. Lee Wilder - Director / Producer
Bill Raynor - Screenwriter
Myles Wilder - Short Story Author
William H. Clothier - Cinematographer
Manuel Compinsky - Composer ( Music Score )
William Faris - Editor
Harry Thomas - Makeup - September 3 , 2005 Aliens ?
LOL
Reviewer : DeeMented - favorite favorite favorite - August 1 , 2005
Subject : Bad science fiction at its best
Set in a time when atomic explosions were still much feared and misunderstood by the masses , this film features a plot that is wholly laughable today .
As with much of the science fiction from the black - and - white era , this film features alien gadgets that sparkle with untethered electricity , life forms from a far - away galaxy who just happen to speak perfect English , and the one person who can foil their plot is locked away " for his own good " .
A must see for any sci-fi fan who believes that bad sciense fiction is the best science fiction .
Others will probably just see a bad movie here .
I downloaded the MPEG1 file ( 338 MB ) .
The picture and sound were very good ; very watchable .
- August 1 , 2005
Bad science fiction at its best
Reviewer : Fred P. B. - favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 28 , 2005
Subject : Loved it !
You may recognize many of the older actors .
A VERY young Peter Graves is the star .
Special effects are , of course , campy .
Aliens are hilarious .
Not a bad basic scifi plot though .
Corny and bad , just how I like them .
Recommended . - July 28 , 2005 Loved it !
Reviewer : Jugs - favorite favorite favorite - July 27 , 2005
Subject : Killers From Space Longhair hippy , why reveal the plot ?
I can see no sense in you doing that .
There is no rhyme or reason for doing so - July 27 , 2005 Killers From Space
Reviewer : SpidersEatBabies - favorite - July 16 , 2005
Subject : Does n't Work I 've tried all the different downloads and they have all been messsed up in some way , i.e .
not the whole movie , broken sound , etc ... - July 16 , 2005 Does n't Work
Reviewer : dog from Nightwatch - favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 13 , 2005
Subject : A good example of a " B " movie .
Let 's look at this movie by considering it 's parts .
The acting for the most part was good , and it even included a few " names " among the credits .
The camera work was competent as was the editing .
The screenplay was reasonable considering it was intended , ( for the most part ) , a yonger audience .
The special affects were dictated by a low budget , ( far too low in hindsight I 'd think ) .
With these facts in mind what you get is a fair motion picture .
Nothing as good as " The day the earth stood still , or even on the same level as " Earth vs the flying saucers " , but then again those were intended to be cross over films , not gern exploitation films , and their audience was more general than this one , which as I said had a young target audience .
If " Forbidden Planet " is considered the Science fiction masterpeice of the 1950's , then this film is trully a dog of sorts , but this movie never aspired too that level in the first place , and so in that context it 's a reasonably well made little film which today we would consider " camp " but at the time it was made filled the theater filled the theater with screeming little kids on a saturday afternoon .
As it goes there are far better " B " pictures , and some that are trully worse than this , ef you have n't seen this film before then I would recomend you do so , if you just keep in mind the original intent of the filmmakers you may actually enjoy it .
- July 13 , 2005A good example of a " B " movie .
Tennis elbow is a condition where the outer part of the elbow becomes sore and tender .
It is commonly associated with playing tennis and other racquet sports , though the injury is not unique to racquet sports .
The condition is more formally known as lateral epicondylitis ( “ inflammation to the outside elbow bone ” ) , lateral epicondylosis , or simply lateral elbow pain .
And with the pain comes weakness and decreased function of the affected arm .
When it ’s bad , you can forget about holding a suitcase or playing tennis or even shaking hands .
In a nutshell , it ’s a real pain in the ….lateral epicondyle .
Current treatments include :
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) : ibuprofen , naproxen or aspirin
Heat or ice
A counter - force brace or “ tennis elbow strap ” to reduce strain at the elbow epicondyle , to limit pain provocation and to protect against further damage .
Rest
Acupuncture
Blood injection ( possibly augmented by plateletpheresis )
Botulinum toxin
Extra -corporeal shock wave therapy ( lithotriptor )
Heat therapy
Immobilization of the forearm and elbow using a splint for two to three weeks
Local injection of cortisone and a numbing medicine
Low level laser therapy
Occupational therapy , primarily for stretching and strengthening of the wrist extensor musculature .
Physical therapy
Platelet - rich plasma [ 9 ]
Pulsed ultrasound to break up scar tissue , promote healing , and increase blood flow in the area
Sclerotherapy
Trigger point therapy
Electrical stimulation combined with acupuncture
Soft - tissue physical therapy
Massage
Cortisone injections
And a variety of resistance exercises and stretches
And sadly , up until this point , there has been little evidence to support the value of any of these interventions for prevention , treatment , or avoidance of recurrence of lateral epicondylosis .
That is , up until researchers ( Timothy Tyler , Stephen Nicholas , Gregory Thomas & Malachy McHugh ) from the Nicholas Institute of Sports Medicine and Athletic Trauma / Pro Sports Physical Therapy created a brand spanking new wrist extensor exercise that they hoped would provide an effective and inexpensive treatment for chronic lateral epicondylitis .
The new exercise is a low cost / high creativity variation on a $ 50,000 isokinetic exercise machine found in high end physical therapy clinics .
And to test their new isolated eccentric wrist - extensor strengthening exercise , they designed this study .
They separated 21 patients with tennis elbow , into two groups .
Both groups received wrist - extensor muscle stretching , ultrasound , massage , heat and ice for treatment .
ultrasound , massage , heat and ice for treatment .
Group 1 performed the isolated eccentric wrist - extensor strengthening exercise using a rubber FlexBar from Thera - Band .
using a rubber FlexBar from Thera - Band .
Group 2 did standard isotonic strengthening exercises .
The FlexBar group had significantly better results .
76 % improvement compared to 12 % improvement .
In fact , given the disparity in results , the researchers terminated the randomization of the study and put everyone onto their new isolated eccentric strength training exercise .
So , for all of those people out there suffering from tennis elbow , here ’s what you need to do :
But first , we need to come up with a new name .
Isolated eccentric strength training exercise for the treatment of Tennis Elbow is n’t going to work .
We need something snappy .
How about The Tyler Twist™ ?
.
If you like what you see here , click here for updates
.
Related Posts
Reference
As she describes it , Beth Jacobson and her fellow loan officers at Wells Fargo Bank “ rode the stagecoach from hell ” for a decade , systematically singling out blacks in Baltimore and suburban Maryland for high - interest subprime mortgages .
These loans , Baltimore officials have claimed in a federal lawsuit against Wells Fargo , tipped hundreds of homeowners into foreclosure and cost the city tens of millions of dollars in taxes and city services .
Wells Fargo , Ms. Jacobson said in an interview , saw the black community as fertile ground for subprime mortgages , as working - class blacks were hungry to be a part of the nation ’s home - owning mania .
Loan officers , she said , pushed customers who could have qualified for prime loans into subprime mortgages .
Another loan officer stated in an affidavit filed last week that employees had referred to blacks as “ mud people ” and to subprime lending as “ ghetto loans . ”
“ We just went right after them , ” said Ms. Jacobson , who is white and said she was once the bank ’s top - producing subprime loan officer nationally .
“ Wells Fargo mortgage had an emerging - markets unit that specifically targeted black churches , because it figured church leaders had a lot of influence and could convince congregants to take out subprime loans . ”
23 Apr 2000
When Code Is n’t Law
Most of my time is spent writing and teaching about law for the Internet society , or proposing and helping to implement legal strategy for the free software movement .
As a Linux user , you know that free software , because of the way it ’s made , achieves levels of quality that proprietary software rarely meets , and delivers reliable cutting - edge technology at a price every individual user and small business can afford .
But from where I sit , free software is also central to the biggest legal and political issues that the global Internet society will face in the next twenty - five years .
We often discuss “ the Internet ” as though it were either a thing or a place , but we do better at grasping the legal and political issues the net presents if we think of “ the Internet ” as the name of a social condition : the fact that everyone living in the networked portions of the world can now communicate with anyone else directly , without intermediaries , reaching very large numbers of people at almost no cost .
A society in which everyone is connected to everyone else behaves differently from any society that has ever existed before ; past “ principles ” of social and economic law , things that seemed always true everywhere , are n’t anymore .
Free software — like the Linux kernel , GNU Emacs , \ LaTeX , Apache , Perl , and all the other tools you use all the time — exists because in this pervasively interconnected society , non-traditional means of production can be amazingly efficient .
Large numbers of programmers can collaborate easily on enormous projects without having to be locked into a hierarchical organization .
Everyone can participate in finding and fixing bugs and everyone can readily incorporate all the fixes , so the quality of free software can be much higher than that of programs produced by a limited number of developers and testers inside a commercial proprietary manufacturer .
At first glance , free software seems to pose a problem mostly for commercial proprietary software firms .
And it is a problem for them : they ’re going to have to learn to compete against excellent products that everyone can copy , use , improve and redistribute at no cost .
But there are more serious forms of confrontation ahead .
Instead of thinking of the net as a place called “ cyberspace , ” think of it for a moment as a collection of pipes and switches .
Information flows through all the different kinds of pipes , and is modified or sent to particular destinations by the switches .
The switches determine who gets what information , how privately or publicly , and what — if anything — users downstream from the switch have to pay to receive the information .
For you , the most important switch of all is the one closest to your eyeball and eardrum .
It shows you the text and video you ask for , plays your music , carries your voice calls and video conferences , and so on .
But there are other people too who want to control the switches nearest you .
They want to be able to deliver music or movies , for example , that you have to pay for each time you listen or watch .
Copyright law protects them already , by making it illegal for you to copy music or movies and give those copies to other people .
But in the world of the net , where copies cost nothing and move everywhere instantly , the distributors of proprietary media think that legal protection is not enough .
They want to be sure that your computer ca n’t make copies of the music they ’ve just delivered you over the net .
In the phrase of Professor Larry Lessig of Harvard , they want code to substitute for law .
In the world of proprietary software , the user does n’t control the switch he himself owns : the software manufacturer does .
If Microsoft makes the Windows Media player so that there ’s no way to save streaming audio on the hard drive , it ’s almost impossible for the user to unmake that decision .
But free software is code that any user can change , and therefore it ca n’t be used to substitute for law .
And because free software often replaces proprietary software , it can act subversively , to undo “ laws ” made by proprietary programs .
Free software browsers can remove the ads from web pages , a free software DVD player can let you fast - forward through commercials .
Any free software media player could be modified to save the music or video it is playing .
“ Who controls the switches ? ”
That ’s the most important legal and political question in the Internet society .
Free software says that , as individuals , we do .
So sometimes “ code is law ” and sometimes code is freedom .
Which makes for many complex legal issues , a few already raised in the courts and many more that we ’ll see in the next year or two , as free software finds itself at the center of conflict over the politics of the Net .
[ In future issues of this magazine I ’ll be writing more about these cases , and about why Free Software Matters . ]
This column was first published in the UK in Linux User .
It is also available in PostScript and PDF formats .
| columns / lu | 2000.04.23-00:00.00
Trackbacks are closed for this story .
