Nearly two years after Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast while George Bush played the guitar , this administration continues to screw over the victims however and whenever they can :
The Federal Emergency Management Agency has suppressed warnings from its own Gulf coast field workers since the middle of 2006 about suspected health problems that may be linked to elevated levels of formaldehyde gas released in FEMA - provided trailers , lawmakers said today .
At a hearing this morning of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , investigators released internal e-mails indicating that FEMA lawyers rejected environmental testing out of fear that the agency would then become legally liable if health problems emerged among as many as 120,000 families displaced by Hurricane Katrina who lived in trailers .
FEMA 's Office of General Counsel " has advised that we do not do testing , " because this " would imply FEMA 's ownership of this issue , " [...]
Another FEMA attorney on June 15 advised , " [ d ] o not initiate any testing until we give the OK .
. . .
Once you get results and should they indicate some problem , the clock is running on our duty to respond to them . "
BAY AREA / Hospitals flummoxed by patients too big for MRI machines
When Dr. Susannah Cornes ' patient came in with paralysis and numbness , she wanted an MRI to look at the spinal cord .
But the machine could n't handle someone of her patient 's size -- more than 350 pounds .
Absent that option , Cornes , a UCSF resident in neurology , recommended exploratory surgery .
The patient declined , choosing instead to live with the numbness and limited movement .
It 's a problem doctors say they see as frequently as once a month as the number of people with morbid obesity climbs in the United States : A patient complains of abdominal pain .
A CT scan or MRI could pinpoint the problem , but the patient is too heavy or too large for the machine to handle .
" In many ways , we have to regress to the old days and rely on physical findings , some of which are very subtle , " said Dr. John Husted , a gastric bypass surgeon with Laparoscopic Associates of San Francisco .
And that , said Cornes , could have significant implications for the health of a patient .
" It can delay the diagnosis of medical problems that could be potentially intervened or treatable , " she said .
Imaging machines built strong enough to handle the morbidly obese -- those who suffer severe medical problems because of their obesity -- are available , but to a great extent have not been employed in Bay Area hospitals and clinics .
When the opportunity to buy a new machine comes up , hospitals opt for machines that give better images rather than systems that handle larger patients .
And that rankles some people .
" With the obesity epidemic ... the hospitals should realize that they 're going to have to get equipment that services our needs , " said Oakland resident Frances White , who is treasurer of the National Association to Advance Fat Acceptance .
" The majority of MRI scanners in clinical use are 1.5 tesla ( in strength ) .
For those who are in the market for new scanners , there is now a new trend to get higher field strength , " said Dr. Rajul Pandit , head of neuroradiology at Santa Clara Valley Medical Center .
A 1.5 - tesla MRI from Siemens Medical Solutions USA that can handle larger patients is available , but no Bay Area hospital has one yet .
Instead , hospitals sometimes send patients to private imaging centers , most of which have open MRIs usually used for claustrophobic patients .
Still , most open machines are n't wide enough to image the abdomen or spine of an obese patient .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says 5 percent of Americans are severely obese .
A CT scan creates three - dimensional pictures from two - dimensional X - ray images to look at internal organs .
An MRI , using more advanced technology , gives three - dimensional images of better contrast and resolution .
The average CT is of no use for people who weigh more than 450 pounds , and most MRIs can't handle people who weigh more than 350 pounds .
With both machines , the table that carries the patient into a small tunnel , or bore , where the images are taken can't support the weight .
In some cases , the bore is too small .
Jenny Mount , a patient services representative at the San Francisco Magnetic Resonance Center , said the imaging center accepts about one obese patient a month from a local hospital .
It has an open MRI that can handle patients who weigh up to 375 pounds , but because its entry is only 17 inches high , it can be limited in scanning the abdomen and spine in large patients .
The center sees which position and equipment can be used to put a patient in the machine comfortably and get acceptable images .
In 2004 , Pennsylvania - based Siemens Medical Solutions developed an open MRI scanner that could take people weighing up to 550 pounds and was then the gold standard of 1.5 tesla in image strength .
But Jennifer Thomas , a spokeswoman for Siemens , said only Valley Imaging Partners in San Jose carries the machine in the Bay Area .
The Siemens machine , the Espree , costs about $ 1.5 million .
Still , hospitals are mostly opting for scanners that cost $ 2 million to $ 2.2 million ; the 3.0 - tesla closed MRI machines can't take patients who weigh more than 350 pounds but are twice as powerful as their predecessors .
Recently , UCSF officials discussed buying a new MRI scanner that could accommodate very obese patients , but decided against it , said Dr. Fergus Coakley , UCSF radiologist and chief of abdominal imaging .
They selected a machine with superb image quality , but with the same size capacity as previous scanners , he said .
Santa Clara Valley Medical
Center also chose not to invest in an open MRI scanner that could handle larger patients , said Dr. Young Kang , chair of radiology at the county hospital .
" The thing about open magnets is that the signal quality is not that good , so for the remainder of the patients that are n't going to be in that category ( too large for closed MRI scanners ) , we would lose out on image quality , " Pandit said .
Other ways to image a patient -- such as ultrasound -- exist , but obesity also limits their effectiveness .
The images tend to be distorted , said Dr. Raul Uppot , a Harvard radiologist who correlated an increase in obesity in the Massachusetts General Hospital area with an increase in the number of radiology reports citing limitations due to body build .
If an ultrasound or CT can't be done , MRI is the tool of last resort .
" MRI has been a problem - solving modality , " Kang said .
" It 's the end of the line , and if we do n't have that , there are no big alternatives . "
This article has been corrected since it appeared in print editions .
Drop by just about any big city in the South , and you 're likely to come across a Wal - Mart store .
Or two .
Or 10 .
But they 're harder to find in California , and municipal leaders across the state want to keep it that way .
At particular issue in the Golden State : Wal - Mart 's efforts to open " superstores " in cities both big and small .
Here in San Diego – which already has " regular " Wal - Marts – the City Council is expected to ban Wal - Mart " superstores " within city limits , a move that would override last week 's mayoral veto .
Urged on by unions , supermarkets , and small businesses , other cities and towns across the state are giving Wal - Mart a frostier reception than ever before .
The California Supreme Court backed up such a stance earlier this month , saying that cities and counties can place restrictions on what sort of stores can open in their communities .
Wal - Mart " has become some sort of capitalistic symbol , " sighs Scott Alevy , an official with the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce , which supports the retailer 's expansion plans in the city .
Elsewhere in the country , as Wal - Mart continues to move beyond its rural and Southern roots , Wal - Mart has recently faced challenges to its expansion plans in several cities – including Chicago ; Tucson , Ariz . ; and Spokane , Wash .
Is it the beginning of the end of Wal - Mart 's astonishing growth ?
Its critics hope so .
But even as some cities and towns pull away the welcome mat , Wal - Mart is both surviving and thriving .
Indeed , in California alone , Wal - Mart already has 27 " superstores " – many of them in cities , and with two opening just last week .
The stores , typically about 185,000 square feet , feature full - size grocery stores .
Still , in some instances , Wal - Mart has clearly felt threatened , and several recent cases in California have shown it 's willing to fight community opposition .
In Long Beach , the fifth - largest city in the state , Wal - Mart reportedly spent $ 270,000 on a successful petition drive to put a measure on the ballot in 2008 that would allow big retailers to sell groceries .
City leaders banned such sales last year .
The city currently has several " regular " Wal - Marts .
According to the Los Angeles Times , Wal - Mart spent another $ 300,000 to support two imperiled pro-Wal - Mart council members in the L.A. suburb of Rosemead .
In the northern California town of Turlock , a ban sparked a Wal - Mart appeal to the California Supreme Court , which in 2006 declined to take any action .
In perhaps the most striking brouhaha of all , the tiny Bay Area city of Hercules is wrapped up in a court battle as it tries to take over a plot of land by eminent domain to keep it out of Wal - Mart 's hands .
And in San Diego , an expensive fight looms , despite the city 's business - friendly reputation .
Wal - Mart is " just so darned convenient , and stuff 's so cheap , " says Kris Nelson , owner of Bluestocking Books , a small independent bookstore .
" There 's nothing wrong with that , but the problem is when we pay for our goods to be cheaper and from elsewhere , our local economy does n't get anything back . "
Wal - Mart also comes under fire because of its opposition to unionization efforts and its treatment of employees .
However , not every big retailer is seen as bad news .
" There 's a reason there 's not a Target Watch , " says Nu Wexler of the national watchdog group Wal - Mart Watch .
In fact , a loophole in the proposed San Diego restrictions allows membership stores like Costco to open huge stores while Wal - Mart cannot .
For its part , Wal - Mart says it 's been unfairly vilified .
The company touts its pay ( which it says is $ 10.68 an hour on average for full - time workers in the San Diego area ) and its health benefits ( which it says are better than those at local grocery chains ) .
And , of course , there are those famous discount prices .
According to Milwaukee supermarket consultant David Livingston , Wal - Mart 's grocery prices undercut their competition by 15 percent .
Low grocery prices " help people live better lives , " says Wal - Mart spokesman Aaron Rios .
If the San Diego City Council overrides Mayor Jerry Sanders 's veto , Wal - Mart is expected to challenge the ban by launching a petition drive to put the issue on the ballot .
The fight over a ballot measure would be " nasty , " predicts Mr. Alevy
Consumers , he says , should be able to choose a store for any reason , whether " it 's located close to them , or it carries the brands they want , or they like the way it 's set up , or they have good help , or , perish the thought , they have lower prices . "
There is one recent indication that Wal - Mart is having struggles .
According to reports , the chain announced last week that it will slow down the rollout of US superstores , opening 190 to 200 during the current fiscal year instead of 265 to 270 .
However , " what their opponents sometimes fail to realize is that Wal - Mart is still growing at a significant pace every year , " Mr. Livingston says .
" If they get a little negative press , they could care less . "
Last month , Congressman Pete Stark ( D - California ) made history when he came out publicly as the first non-theistic , elected official .
He did this at the prompting of the Secular Coalition for America , which had run a contest asking people to nominate the highest - ranking such official .
At the time , the “ second place ” winner was a school board president .
Well , after the positive press given to Stark , other elected officials are slowly following in Stark ’s footsteps !
( That ’s right– officials .
Plural ! )
But we ’ll take these one at a time .
Congratulations are in order for Nebraska State Senator Ernie Chambers , your most recent non-theistic , elected public official !
Chambers , also a Democrat , recently checked off the box on the SCA ’s questionnaire that stated he “ was a nontheist who would allow the SCA to announce this fact . ”
Is he an atheist ?
I ’m not sure .
He left the “ I identify as _________ ” line blank on the SCA ’s questionnaire .
Still , whatever he wants to be called , he does not believe in a Supreme Being .
Senator Chambers is the longest - serving state senator in Nebraska ’s history , having first been elected in 1970 .
The fact that he is the only African - American in Nebraska ’s legislature– a secular African - American at all ! – will also be an important piece of information as this word spreads .
To read more about this announcement , go here .
[ tags ] atheist , atheism , Pete Stark , California , non-theist , Secular Coalition for America , Nebraska , State Senator , Ernie Chambers , Democrat , God , Supreme Being , African - American [ / tags ]
Last updated at 09:25 21 June 2007
Bill Henkel and his wife Sharon sit close together on a sofa in their bright , immaculate detached home in a quiet corner of eastern England .
They are active members of their local church .
They sing in old age homes and Henkel , 47 , likes to help the elderly of the parish with D.I.Y. jobs .
On the surface , there is nothing remarkable about the couple .
The same could be said of their home .
Observant visitors , however , might note the absence of any computers - a clue to the fact that this is no ordinary marriage .
In June 2003 , Henkel was caught downloading
child pornography at work .
He was prosecuted , sentenced to 15 months ' imprisonment in March last year and released at the halfway point in October .
In the wake of the smashing of Britain 's largest internet paedophile ring , reported in yesterday 's Mail , Bill 's account of his desires and his battle to control them makes compelling reading .
It offers a chilling insight into the mind of a paedophile .
This week a court heard how 700 paedophiles had accessed a website - set up by 28 - year - old brewery worker Timothy Cox , from Suffolk - containing 11,000 images , including more than 1,000 videos of children being abused .
While Cox was given an " indeterminate sentence " , Bill Henkel admits that , in his case , getting caught was the best thing that could have happened to him .
Henkel , 48 , once a high - flying IT expert , had known throughout his adult life that his sexuality was warped .
His wife of 17 years , 40 - year - old Sharon , had also known - after they experienced sexual problems - that her husband was sexually attracted to young girls .
But she never thought he would offend because she had accompanied him on visits to doctors , psychologists and therapists .
Numerous counsellors helped them resolve some difficulties , but each concluded they could not overcome Henkel 's paedophile tendencies .
His GP told him that the only effective treatment and therapy near where he lived was for convicted offenders .
Many will question why Sharon , a former clerical worker , was prepared to remain with her husband .
She has had to deal with agonising moral issues .
Would she have had any concerns , for example , if they 'd had daughters of their own ?
How would she have felt if he had assaulted a young girl ?
Yet Sharon believes that Henkel is a decent man , which is why she worked so hard to help him cope with his urges .
Even so , having trusted that he would n't jeopardise their marriage , his conviction was a mighty blow .
Sharon says : " Of course I was hurt and angry .
We 'd tried to deal with the problem together for years .
I 'd given him all the support I could muster .
" My comfort was that in every other way he was a good man and a good husband .
I thought he'd keep fighting his urges .
I never feared he'd become an offender .
That trust was shattered .
" I was sickened when I learned what he had been doing .
I could have walked away then and left him to it , but within hours of him being found out , I could see his remorse was genuine .
" I was disgusted , but it was n't anything like the revulsion he felt for himself .
His determination to seek help was stronger than ever .
" In the end , it was n't such a hard decision for me to stick around and help him .
I 'd been in that role for years . "
Sharon 's faith in Bill and her ability to empathise might be rooted in common experience .
Both were victims of serious sexual abuse as children .
Both their abusers were convicted and jailed , and both died while serving their sentences .
Henkel , however , refuses to hook his long - standing problems on to that aspect of his childhood .
More significant , he believes , was his infatuation as a boy with a friend 's younger sister .
He says : " I was about 12 and she was about ten when we met .
" It was n't just the way she looked .
She was a lovely little girl , always the first to go to a younger kid in the street and help them if they 'd fallen or were crying .
" Everyone loved her .
I never got over the immense attraction I felt for her .
I grew up and she grew up and we lost touch .
" But in my fantasies , she remained that sweet ten - year - old girl , and gradually images of other girls of that age replaced her in my fantasies . '
Henkel seems comfortable discussing the matter with Sharon at his side .
She was initially reluctant about his decision to speak publicly about a subject that most people would want to bury , but Henkel persuaded her otherwise , thereby providing a telling insight into the opportunities afforded to men like him by the computer age .
He says : " I feel it 's almost part of my rehabilitation to say publicly that I 'm sorry , that I 'm doing all I can to stop myself reoffending and , by the way , here are some measures that could be taken to stop others . "
Henkel was an expert at an IT firm where he was responsible for advising on computer safety and preventing internet abuse .
After he started to view pornography on his computer , he made recommendations to the firm that would have prevented him from continuing to do so , but they were deemed unnecessary .
His viewing grew into an addiction .
Bill
refused to have a computer at home so that he would n't be tempted to look at banned images .
He knew he was doing wrong , but could n't stop .
He had to wait until he was in jail to get the support he needed .
" Getting caught and going to jail saved my life , " Henkel says .
He is not exaggerating .
Before his capture , he had recognised the downward spiral in which he was caught and had attempted suicide by overdosing three times , coming close to succeeding on two occasions .
But he was found by Sharon who called an ambulance .
Asked whether his despair was rooted in the fear that he might eventually try to act out the fantasies he was viewing online , he pauses .
Sharon tries to answer for him : " I do n't think that was ever likely .
He 'd been fighting these feelings for so long and he'd been open about his problems with me .
I do n't believe he could have hurt a child . "
Yet before she can continue , Henkel interrupts and with chilling honesty says : " Sharon , you 're kidding yourself .
Why do you think I tried to kill myself ?
" I did realise that the fantasies were getting stronger and I was becoming more and more obsessed .
After a while , the material you 're viewing does n't give you the same buzz and you look for more extreme versions .
" Eventually , the most hardcore images you could find would n't do it for you .
I recognised that my fantasies were going in a direction I did n't like and that I might not be able to control myself .
" So , yes , I think there was a danger that I might have tried to get access to a child , and I really did n't want to go there .
" At that point , I was n't sure where it was leading , but it could have ended up with somebody hurt because the fantasy of acting out what I was viewing was getting stronger . "
Henkel began working at the IT firm nine years ago .
Like thousands of other people , by the year 2000 he was receiving daily e-mail invitations to view " teen hotties " and " horny college girls " .
He began viewing some of the sites and within four months he had progressed from looking at legal adult porn sites to accessing child porn through news groups - internet sites where people with similar interests share information .
Bill says : " I was sucked into this world of depravity .
I became totally addicted .
I spent hours at work when I did n't need to be there .
" The pull of the material was so strong that on several occasions , I 'd be on my way home and would call Sharon to say there was a computer virus at work , and I was going to be late .
Then I 'd return for another session .
It took over my life . "
His technical knowledge of computers enabled him to take precautions against discovery by regularly wiping the hard drive .
The same tactic was used every three months by Gordon McIntosh , the paedophile who re-established Timothy Cox 's website , Kids The Light Of Our Lives , once he had been arrested .
McIntosh , 33 , from Hertfordshire , admitted to police after he was arrested that he would wipe clean his hard drive regularly in a fit of remorse but , like Henkel , would re-start soon afterwards .
A week before Henkel was caught he found images of himself and his brother as children , naked and looking miserable , online .
Their abuser had photographed them and the images were on the internet some 40 years later .
The haunting experience proved a turning point .
For the first time , he could empathise with the children he was looking at .
He says : " My thinking was distorted until then .
I did n't see children being abused .
I saw them , as I believed , enjoying sexual activity .
" But I knew I 'd been abused and I had n't enjoyed what had happened to me .
" When I saw those pictures of myself , it helped me realise that children having sex with adults were victims , and by demanding to see these images online , I was contributing to the children 's abuse .
" Yet although my thinking started to become clearer , and I did n't feel comfortable with what I was doing , it did n't stop me carrying on . "
A week later , Henkel downloaded erotic paedophile fiction .
Without realising , he sent the story to a printer on another floor of his office building .
He wonders now whether his subconscious pushed him to end the matter .
The images Henkel had recently viewed online were also discovered .
During the 21 months before the trial reached court , the couple tried to find experts to help Henkel manage his compulsions .
His GP recommended Relate , but after three months of marriage counselling , the organisation concluded that they could n't do any more for Bill .
A Harley Street psychologist put Henkel in touch with Ray Wyre , one of the UK 's leading experts on sex offending .
Wyre proved a godsend for the couple .
Sharon says : " While I was trying to support Bill , I was still wondering why he had to do it .
" Ray Wyre helped me realise the highly addictive nature of computers and pornography .
Those who use their computer to access porn can access a limitless supply .
Fantasy after fantasy can be fulfilled .
" Ray had seen it with other offenders he had worked with - the material just sucks them in and takes over their lives .
It is highly corrosive .
" I can never excuse Bill for what he did , but it was important for me to hear someone explain that internet pornography is well - known for distorting reality and ruining lives . "
Henkel also received therapy in jail .
" The support available inside was first - class , " he says .
" Especially the mental health service and support from the chaplain and his team at Bedford prison .
They developed an amazing insight into my problems .
" I was taught to challenge my behaviour and to put the needs of victims before my own desires .
" The method is not fool - proof , but as long as I want to avoid offending , the correct strategies are in place . "
Henkel continues : " I 've been seeing Mr Wyre at intervals since I got out of jail , and I feel that with his help and Sharon 's support I 'm on top of things .
" For so many years I thought that if I told people my problems and my fantasies , they would despise me .
But telling therapists and doctors has been my salvation .
" I 'm sitting here with my wife and we are in love and supporting each other through this .
I 'm not suggesting that I can be cured of my fascination , but I have learned not to act on it , and to take precautions to ensure I do n't even try . "
Henkel says he believes that all sex offenders should be subject to extended sentences that would involve 15 to 20 years ' community supervision after release from jail .
" Human rights groups might protest , " he says .
" But what about a child 's right not to be abused ?
Which carries more weight ?
I know from my own experience that sentences must not only be longer but more appropriate to sexual offending .
" No monitoring period should be less than ten years , and if necessary it should be for life . "
Henkel believes tough legislation should be passed to force the Internet Service Providers to clamp down on illegal activity online .
He says : " We 've been hearing for years that it 's too big a job , but it 's not true .
The ISPs simply have to monitor the smaller servers , and if they discover that much of their content is illegal - be it child porn or access to illegal drugs or dangerous chemicals - they should shut them down .
" It would n't catch everything , but that measure , combined with stiff penalties for those providing or promoting illegal material , would make a huge difference . "
Henkel is not sure what the future holds , though he says he and Sharon have a very happy and " full " marriage .
He held a senior position at his former firm , but fears that the stress of another big job with a big salary might provoke a relapse .
" I 'd rather stack shelves in a supermarket , earn less money and keep in control of my problems than risk an environment where I might slip back .
" I owe Sharon an awful lot and I do n't want to let her down , or anyone else who has helped me . "
Sharon signals her trust with a smile and squeezes his arm reassuringly .
Only time will tell if her faith is well placed .
A giant mind control facility ?
Weather altering technology ?
Or just another Alaskan boondoggle ?
Who can say for sure , but take note : the facility that has attracted almost as many conspiracy theories as Kennedy ’s assassination is complete and ready to fry the ionosphere — uh , I mean , perform interesting research that will expand our knowledge about … well , something .
That ’s right : The High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program ( HAARP ) is ready to start zapping .
If I were n’t so tired from my trip to Kwajalein , I ’d book a ticket right now .
" BAE Systems has completed work on the world ’s largest and most capable ionospheric research facility , " the company stated in a brief press release .
" As the prime contractor for the U.S. Defense Department ’s High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program ( HAARP ) research station , BAE Systems designed and built the facility , operating software , and controls under a series of contracts valued at more than $ 250 million from the Office of Naval Research . "
BAE naturally states that HAARP " will be used to study interactions between high - power radio signals and the earth ’s ionosphere . "
People like Nick Begich ( a nice gentleman I interviewed some months back about mind control ) says HAARP is really a secret new weapon that will boil the ionosphere .
So what is HAARP really for ?
This seems like a perfect time for reader input .
Below , please state possible uses for HAARP ( real or imagined ) .
Mag : Presidential aide wants a ' do - over ' on ' Mission Accomplished ' Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday July 5 , 2007 Print This Email This
One of the president 's closest aides , who announced his resignation last month , said in a magazine interview the White House wishes it could " do over " President Bush 's " Mission Accomplished " appearance aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln months after the Iraq War 's start in 2003 .
" There was never a more benign incident that turned into a bigger messaging problem than ' Mission Accomplished , ' " Dan Bartlett , a former top communications adviser , told GQ magazine in an interview to be published next month .
" It set the wrong tone for what became a protracted , difficult mission .
If there was ever a do - over , that would be it . "
Bartlett spent the last 14 years at Bush 's side beginning when he was a consultant to his 1993 gubernatorial campaign in Texas .
He demurred when GQ interviewer Robert Draper tried to pin-down how many people knew the president would be speaking directly in front of the banner , where news cameras could perfectly frame his face with the myopic phrase .
Although he acknowledged the White House signed off on printing the " Mission Accomplished " banner and hanging it on the aircraft carrier , Bartlett said he and other White House advisers did n't know where it would be placed .
He also reiterated the White House line that the banner referred to the specific mission of the USS Abraham Lincoln , and not the Iraq war in general .
The New York Times reported in 2003 that Bush 's communications team goes " far beyond the foundations of stagecraft set by the Reagan White House " in using precisely managed television images to promote his presidency .
The Times Elisabeth Bumiller reported that one of Bartlett 's subordinates , former television producer Scott Sforza , and aides " choreographed every aspect of the event , even down to ... the ' Mission Accomplished ' banner placed to perfectly capture the president and the celebratory two words in a single shot . "
In the GQ interview , Bartlett disputed former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld claim , made in an interview for Bob Woodward 's book " State of Denial , " that Rumsfeld personally excised the phrase " mission accomplished " from Bush 's speech itself .
The phrase was " never in " the speech , Bartlett told GQ , echoing comments he made earlier this year to the Washington Post .
Bartlett has known President Bush as long as he has served in public office , giving him a unique insight into the president 's political beginnings .
Draper asked if Bartlett saw Bush as presidential material when the two first met in 1993 .
" No. N - O , " Bartlett said .
" And he ( Bush ) would probably agree with that . "
Un-addressed in the GQ interview :
What 's changed since then ?
New Justice Department documents show White House involvement in Attorneys firings Michael Roston
Published : Wednesday June 13 , 2007 Print This Email This The Justice Department on Tuesday released a new set of e-mails turned over in the pursuit of the investigation of the firing of 8 US Attorneys earlier in the year .
The 46 page file showed extensive White House involvement in the process of the firings , and appeared to show a Justice Department staffer contemplating post - government work for one former US Attorney , David Iglesias of New Mexico .
The documents prompted an angry reaction from Senator Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) , Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
" These documents , which should have been released by the Department long ago , provide further evidence that White House officials like former Political Director Sara Taylor were deeply involved in the mass firings of well - performing prosecutors , " he said in a statement e-mailed to RAW STORY .
" The Department of Justice should not be reduced to a political arm of the White House .
We need an end to the White Houses stonewalling of our investigations so we can learn the truth . "
Rep. John Conyers ( D - MI ) , the Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee which released the documents Tuesday night , offered similar sentiments .
" These documents show that the White House played an integral role in the firings and their aftermath .
This only underscores the need for White House cooperation with this investigation , " he said .
Conyers and Leahy today announced their intentions to issue subpoenas for two of the former White House officials who figured prominently in the latest e-mails .
Extensive White House involvement shown in e-mails A number of e-mails in the Tuesday file showed White House staff to be extensively involved in the selection and firing of the US Attorneys , particularly Tim Griffin , who recently stepped down as the interim US Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas .
A Feb. 16 e-mail showed that a White House official , Sara Taylor , was upset with the Justice Department for their installation of Griffin , who like Taylor was a former White House aide to Karl Rove .
" Tim was put in a horrible position ; hung out to dry w/ no heads up .
You forced him to do what he did ; this is not good for his long term career , " she wrote to D. Kyle Sampson , former chief of staff to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
She also complained that Paul McNulty , Deputy Attorney General , was unwilling to call Bud Cummins , the US Attorney Griffin replaced , " lazy - which is why we got rid of him in the first place . "
As Cummins began to talk to the media about his removal from office , Taylor also showed herself to be ready to go on the offensive politically .
" I normally do n't like attacking friends , but since Bud Cummins is talking to everyone - why do n't we tell the deal on him ? " she asked Sampson in a Feb. 7 e-mail .
Notably , Taylor used a gwb43.com e-mail address , one of the domain names managed by the Republican National Committee , and not archived under standard White House document preservation procedures .
Taylor also objected to an earlier letter that the Justice Department planned to send to Senator Mark Pryor ( D - AR ) about Griffin 's installation .
" I 'm concerned we imply that we 'll pull down Griffin 's nomination should Pryor object , " she wrote on Jan. 25 to Sampson and William Kelley in the office of White House Counsel Harriet Miers .
But the White House was n't only involved in Griffin 's installation .
A Dec. 12 e-mail shows Kenneth Lee , who works in the White House Counsel 's office , contacting Sampson about the firing of Carol Lam , the former US Attorney for the Southern District of California .
" Can you give me a brief update on Carol Lam ... I believe she was one of the USAs under the replacement plan , " he wrote .
" Do you know what the basis was for her replacement .... Harriet [ Miers ] may be asked about it tomorrow , and I wanted to give her background information just in case . "
E-mails in January also showed Harriet Miers , still the White House Counsel at that time , getting complaints from Senator Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) about the appearance that the Justice Department was trying to circumvent the established ' Parsky Commission ' process for selecting and confirming US Attorneys from California .
" I received another call from Gerry Parsky who had received a call from Senator Feinstein .
Her assertion was that we were circumventing the Commission process re the USAs in San Diego and San Francisco by using the AG appointment authority , " she wrote to Sampson , who then clarified a number of legal questions in the Jan. 7 exchange .
Sampson also offered a prescient warning to Miers on using the authority given to the Attorney General under the PATRIOT
Act to appoint interim US Attorneys on an indefinite basis .
" In no case ( including E.D. Ark. ) am I in favor of using the AG 's appointment authority unilaterally to jam Senators - that will only result in the Congress taking that authority away from us , " he wrote to Miers in that exchange .
And , Miers was depicted around Jan. 16 as trying to carry out damage control after Senator Feinstein complained on the Senate floor about the firings .
" The US Attorneys themselves have n't fired any shots .
Harriet feels very strongly that we should n't respond to the merits , even though we are convinced that they have disloyally stirred up the Senators , " William Kelley , an official in the White House Counsel 's office , wrote to Sampson on Jan. 16 .
Sampson discussed work for New Mexico Attorney Iglesias Sampson also appeared in another e-mail on Jan. 10 to be contemplating finding work for David Iglesias , the US Attorney for New Mexico who was one of the group of eight fired by the Justice Department .
A sender whose name has been redacted by the Justice Department asked Sampson about Iglesias .
" What do you think of Iglesias ?
Would you hire him ? " the sender asks .
Sampson responded , " I like David - I think I would .
We should discuss by phone . "
The context of the exchange cannot be determined .
Iglesias appears to have been targeted for removal from office by a pair of New Mexico Republican lawyers who were chastened by his unwillingness to indict a New Mexico Democrat prior to the 2006 office .
These two lawyers were known to have sought to have discussions with White House adviser Karl Rove .
Gerald M. Weinberg / 青木靖 訳
2006年5月23 日 火曜
ある朝、すごく早く目が覚めて、風呂場を巡回していたネズミを驚かすことになった。
こちらもまた驚いたので、それ以上暗い家の中をうろつくことはやめにした。
身を守るためぶち模様の猫のベバリーを伴い、読もうと思っていたアーティクルの束を持って、妻のダニといっしょに仕事部屋に立て籠もった。
その中にあった一組のアーティクルには特に興味を引かれたが、それは｢コンピュータは我々の生活にどう影響を与えるか｣についての見方を示したものだった。私がその重要性を見過ごし得ないトピックだ。もしかしたらMacでネズミを捕るプログラムの書き方を学べるかもしれない。それは確かに私の生活に影響を与えるに違いない!
私には目をはっきり覚まさせるものが二重にあったわけだが、最初のアーティクルは最後まで読めそうになかった。そのエッセイが1ページしかなかったにも関わらず、私の心はあらぬ方へとさまよい出した。アーティクルの3つ目のパラグラフの、１文で47語ある文章の中程あたりで私は筋を見失い続けた。ベバリーを撫でて自分を慰めたが、何の助けにもならなかった。
警護の仕事がもっとよく果たせるようにとベバリーは床の上に戻し、最初のアーティクルは飛ばすことにして、次のアーティクルに進んだ。これはどちらも賢明な判断だったようだ。ネズミがクローゼットの扉の下から出てくることもなかったし、2番目のアーティクルはその後の猫とネズミのやりとりに劣らないくらい面白かった。(ベバリーはネズミを捕まえられないが、ネズミはそんなことを知らない。)
私は始めのアーティクルに戻ってみたが、駄目だった。実際最初の時よりもっと悪くなっていた。2番目のアーティクルのおかげで基準が引き上げられていたため、最初のやつはお話にならなかった。アーティクルを最後まで読み通すにはどうすればいいかとあれこれ考えていて、ふと著者の名前に目を止めた。彼の名をドクターXとしておこう。
うれしくないことに、私はドクターXを良く知っていた。ドクターXの書いたアーティクルで読もうとしたものが1ダースくらいあったが、どれ1つとして最後まで読んだものはなかった。一度などは、あまりにイライラしたために、ドクターXのアーティクルのFog Index ( 読みやすさの指標 ) を測定してみたくらいだ。技術文書で許容されるFog Indexの上限 は12とされている。( このエッセイ のFog Index は10 くらいだ。 ) ドクタ ーXのFog Index は41だった!
ドクターXの書いた文章は、学識と難解さで教授に印象を与えようと試みている社会学の大学院生を思わせる。私はドクターXを前の晩に読まなかったことを残念に思った。その催眠効果は温かい一杯のミルクと睡眠薬２錠よりも効いたことだろう。そして朝早く目が覚めて恐ろしいネズミに出会うこともなかっただろう。
この話の要点は何か ?
面白いことに、ドクターXの書いたものの麻痺させるような効果にもかかわらず、私は彼を失敗した著者だとは思っていない。彼の書くものはあまりにひどくて、私は彼の文章の中身に入り込むことができない。結果として、彼のぞっとする文章と彼の題材とを結びつけることにはならず、彼の文章を1ダースも読もうと試みた後でも、私は題材自体への興味を失うことはなかった。
これと対照的なのがミスターYだ。彼もまた私が好む主題である、システム理論について書いている著者だ。ミスターYの文章のFog Indexは18くらいで、ドクターXと比べればずっと低く、本当に興味ある題材であれば十分耐えられる範囲内だ。しかしミスターYの文章には別な資質がある。単純なFog Indexでは捉えられない資質だ。そしてその資質が、ミスターYを失敗させているものなのだ。
その資質とは何か ?
彼の文章を読むといつでも、その題材に対して嫌な印象が残るのだ。ドクターXは私を変えないが、ミスターYの方は、さらに学ぶことから私を遠ざけてしまうのだ。私からすると、これは著者や教師が犯しうる究極の罪だと思える。
私が本やエッセイを書いたりセミナーで教えたりするときには、失敗について基本的な基準を設けている。これをワインバーグの目標と呼ぶことにしよう:
私の作品に触れた後、受け手はその題材について前より関心をなくしてはいないか?
この質問に対する答がイエスなら、私は失敗したことになる。
答がノーであるなら、私は成功したのであり、そのことを嬉しく思う。私の目標をあなたは慎ましすぎると思うかもしれない。学生に何かを学ばせるとか、その題材を好きにさせるとか、そういったもっと大きな結果を望
むかもしれない。なに、私はそんなすばらしい結果に驚きはしないよ。しかしそれが著者や講演者に期待するのに適当な目標だとは思わない。
私の目標が慎ましすぎると思うなら、自分自身の学習経験を振り返ってみるといい。読んだ本や、受けたセミナーに、見た映画。そういったものの中でワインバーグの目標を達成できているものがどれくらいあるだろう?
授業なら1/10、教科書なら1/5、 ｢教育的｣映画なら1/20がせいぜいだろう。それより多いと言う人には滅多にお目にかからない。
だからワインバーグの目標はとても慎ましいものではあるが、それを個人的な目標として採用することには十分意味があるのだ。すべての学生に対して(あるいは70%の学生に対してさえ)成功できるほど学習を深く理解しているような人はいない。学習というのは繰り返される試みだ。ある教師、ある本、ある映画、あるアプローチ、ある閃き、あるいは何であれ、最終的に乗り越えさせてくれるものに出会うまで続くのだ。私は学生の光を求める探求をくじくようなことだけは決してしたくない。
ここに教育や学習という範囲を超えた1つの教訓がある。契約を取って仕事する人がしばしば忘れてしまう教訓だ。ずっと昔、ロバート・バーンズもネズミを驚かせた。鋤で巣をほっくり返してしまったのだ。彼はそのネズミに私たちがみんな知っている次の言葉をかけた(英語でなくスコットランド語だが、読むことができる ) 。
But Mousie , thou art no thy lane ,
In proving foresight may be vain ,
The best laid schemes o' mice and men
Gang aft agley ,
And lea'e us nought but grief an ' pain ,
For promised joy !
だけどねずみさん、お前は1人じゃない
先を見通そうとしても無駄なだけ
ねずみや人の最善の計画も
失敗に終わるばか り
そして悲しみと痛みしか残らない
約束された楽しみの代わりに!
robert hahn a darn good web developer
CSS Preprocessor
Update : Based on feedback on Daniel ’s blog ( which was , thankfully , quite positive ) , I tried to rework my solution using gm4 instead of cpp .
If you ’re new to this article , read it through , but then check the update where I illustrate how to use gm4 to process stylesheets .
I was checking out Reddit today and discovered a link to an article written by Daniel Read .
In it , he made a lazyweb request for some kind of CSS “ Precompiler ” .
I must confess I did n’t read his article that carefully , but I read enough to get really interested in the problem and promised to write up a solution .
I have a sneaking suspicion that he must have read the Håkon Wium Lie interview on Slashdot , only because both the interview and his post happened to come out on the same day .
Anyway , in the interview , “ spy der mann ” asked :
I always wanted to have “ included ” substyles or “ aliases ” in my CSS definition , to save redundancy .
I ’m sure this question has crossed the minds of many a web developer ; it ’s certainly crossed mine .
Håkon ’s responded by saying that “ the downsides of aliases were considered more significant than the benefits . ”
This naturally leads to David ’s request – is there then a way to have a file with some aliases and somehow compile CSS files with those aliases ?
Much work would then be saved – the win would be even bigger for complicated sites with multiple CSS files .
Oh , yum .
Low hanging fruit .
Let me pick it .
My solution relies on a few tools already laying about : CPP , a unix command line , and Mac OS X ’s launchd facility .
Here ’s how I tie them all together :
Using CPP
According to the Wikipedia article on cpp , the C - preprocessor ( emphasis mine ) :
The C preprocessor ( cpp ) is the preprocessor for the C programming language .
It is invoked by the compiler to handle directives such as #include , # define , and #if .
Since the language of such directives is not strictly specific to the grammar of C , the preprocessor can also be invoked independently to process another type of file .
Sounds like a pretty good tool to use here .
Let ’s dig in .
Here is a *. csse ( as Daniel proposed to call it ) file :
styles.csse :
#include " includes.csse " div { _no_margins_n_paddings ; border - color : 1 px solid _red ; background - color : _tan ; } div#foo { _m_and_p ( 2px,3em ) ; }
So , styles.csse is the stylesheet we want to process , and as you can see in the div layer , we have some non-standard CSS rules in there , like no_margins_n_paddings .
We also have a standard C- preprocessor #include declaration .
Since it ’s in a double - quoted string , the cpp command realizes that it has to look in the current working directory for this file .
And here it is :
includes.csse :
# define _red # f00 # define _tan # cc8 # define _no_margins_n_paddings margin : 0 ; padding : 0 # define _m_and_p( _m , _p ) margin : _m ; padding : _p
In this file , I made up 4 defines ; the first three act like variables - if it sees a standalone _red , for example , it ’ll replace it with # f00 .
The last # define defines a macro - if you call _m_and_p ( 2 px,3 px ) it ’ll take the arguments 2 px and 3px and stuff them into the the definition value .
to parse styles.csse , all you have to do is type , in a terminal window ,
cpp - P styles.csse styles.css
and it ’ll do the rest of the work .
Breaking down the command :
cpp is the C preprocessor command
is the C preprocessor command - P says to suppress any undesirable cpp output
says to suppress any undesirable cpp output styles.csse is the input file to be processed , and
is the input file to be processed , and styles.css is the output file .
Ok , so this is pretty cool .
I can now preprocess *. csse files at will .
Here ’s the output :
styles.css :
div { margin : 0 ; padding : 0 ; border - color : 1 px solid # f00 ; background - color : # cc8 ; } div#foo { margin : 2 px ; padding : 3em ; }
Nice !
Every time I make a change to a css file , I just run the cpp command and we ’re done !
Except for , I do n’t want to do that kind of work .
I ’d rather have the computer generate the files for me automatically .
Processing Many CSS Files at Once
Before I get to that , I ’ll probably want to build a scalable way to parse multiple css files .
Enter the gen_css.sh script :
gen_css.sh
#! /bin/sh cpp - P styles.csse styles.css cpp - P test.csse test.css exit 0
Not much to it , really .
I ’m just using the shell script to parse each and every *. csse file that needs processing .
If I created a new stylesheet for MSIE browsers , I ’d add this line to the script after the test.css one :
cpp - P test.csse test.css
Ok , so that ’s done .
I can generate as many CSS files as required for my site .
But it would sure be nice to do this automatically , otherwise , this crazy idea would n’t really last that long .
I do my development on a Mac OS X box , and there ’s a handy feature there that I ’m going to use : launchd .
Automatically Generating CSS Files
On Mac OS X , launchd provides us with a way to run jobs , either at preset times ( like cron ) or on demand .
Josh Wisenbaker wrote up a pretty decent intro to using launchd , so I ’m not going to explain it here .
I will show you my launchd . plist file to illustrate how I worked the magic :
ca.roberthahn.csspp.plist
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?>
<!
DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-// Apple Computer //DTD PLIST 1.0//EN " " http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd " > < plist version = " 1.0 " > < dict > < key >
Label</key > < string>ca.roberthahn.csspp</string > < key > OnDemand </ key > < true /> < key > Program</ key > < string>gen_css.sh</string > < key >
WatchPaths </ key > < array > < string >/ Users/rhahn/site/css</string > </ array > < key > WorkingDirectory </ key > < string >/ Users/rhahn/site/css</string > </dict > </ plist >
ok , so , in English , I set up my launchd file to run on demand – whenever a file changes in the directory ( or directories ) I ’m watching ( see WatchPaths ) , the script gen_css.sh is going to be executed .
To make gen_css.sh run smoothly , I also make a point of setting the working directory .
To use this file , save it encoded in UTF - 8 to your ~/ Libraries / LaunchAgents / directory ( create it as needed ) as ca.roberthahn.csspp.plist and get it going in the terminal by running :
launchctl load ca.roberthahn.csspp.plist
in the LaunchAgents directory .
If Something Goes Wrong , run this :
launchctl unload ca.roberthahn.csspp.plist
in the LaunchAgents directory .
If you need to re-enable it again , make sure you open up that file and look near the top for this :
< key > Disabled </ key > < true />
It gets added to the . plist file when you run the unload command , and it will not run until that gets removed .
It Ca n’t be That Easy , can it ?
There is one significant caveat with this :
Given the syntax that the C - preprocessor uses , you ca n’t define raw id selectors like this :
# foo { ... }
because the preprocessor thinks of # foo as a potential directive , and dies with an error .
There are a couple of things you can do :
You can make a habit of writing div#foo – that is , precede the selector by the element name it applies to .
define a macro that generates the selector .
adding # define id ( i ) # i to your includes.
csse file will permit you to write id ( foo ) and have it generate # foo properly .
If you ’re really brave , use gm4 as the preprocessor .
I ’ve used it .
I ca n’t say it ’s my favourite tool to work with though .
Wrap - Up , and Other Considerations
Ok , so what have we got here ?
I outlined a method to use the C - preprocessor to generate CSS files , threw together a quick sh script to run multiple cpp commands as needed , and finally , whipped up a way to get the computer to generate the files for me on an on - demand basis .
Excepting the last step , you can do all this on any machine with a unix userland and cpp installed .
I ’m not a real Linux expert , but I ’m inferring from the article on launchd that the Linux equivalent might be xinetd .
If you want to write up a howto on using this , I ’ll be happy to augment this article ( or link to yours ) .
Finally , this article was written as a way to use CPP to generate stylesheets .
However , there is absolutely nothing keeping you from # define ing and #include ing your HTML files or your JavaScript files .
Several years ago , I ’ve actually experimented with using CPP as a means to build web pages , and I hope to write up my experiences on that soon .
In the meantime , I hope that Daniel Read can get some use out of this .
LOBBYING REFORM IN TROUBLE ?….
AP reports that lobbying reform , one of the key planks in the 2006 Democratic campaign , is running into problems in the House :
Now that they are running things , many Democrats want to keep the big campaign donations and lavish parties that lobbyists put together for them .
They ’re also having second thoughts about having to wait an extra year before they can become high - paid lobbyists themselves should they retire or be defeated at the polls .
The growing resistance to several proposed reforms now threatens passage of a bill that once seemed on track to fulfill Democrats ’ campaign promise of cleaner fundraising and lobbying practices .
There are four specific provisions that are said to be in trouble :
Bundling : Requires disclosure of the names of lobbyists who bundle lots of small donations from individual contributors .
Current law requires only that the small donors themselves be disclosed .
2 - year lobbying ban : Requires retiring lawmakers to wait two years before they ’re allowed to come back and start lobbying Congress .
Grassroots lobbying : Requires disclosure of “ astroturf ” firms that encourage voters to call or write Congress on specific issues .
Convention parties : Bans lobbyists from sponsoring parties at national conventions .
Let ’s take these one by one .
The party ban I do n’t really care much about .
If there ’s any place in the world that lobbyists ought to be allowed to let the liquor flow , surely national conventions are the place .
I mean , it ’s not like they ’re good for anything else these days .
The grassroots lobbying regulation is tricky .
I sympathize with the idea , but I have to confess that conservative arguments over the past few years have persuaded me that First Amendment issues are more important than I ’ve given them credit for in cases like this .
I ’m not entirely sure I support this provision at all .
[ UPDATE :
The main issue here is that petitioning the government is a core First Amendment right , and mobilizing the citizenry to petition the government is likewise a core First Amendment right .
What ’s more , it ’s nearly impossible to distinguish between “ astroturf ” operations and genuine grassroots lobbying , and onerous reporting requirements could put some small grassroots groups out of business .
For more , see the ACLU ’s explanation of its opposition to this provision here . ]
The 2 - year lobbying ban , according to CQ , is still around : “ Democratic leaders have insisted on a two - year ban as part of their ethics overhaul push , ” a recent article says , despite pushback from some backbenchers .
Good for them .
So far , then , not really that bad .
But that leaves us with the biggest provision of all : disclosure of bundling .
The American League of Lobbyists is dead set against it , which is no surprise , since this is a prime loophole that allows special interests to funnel vast sums of money to politicians without ever being identified .
Apparently , though , it ’s become so radioactive that Dem leaders are planning to drop it entirely , promising that they ’ll allow it to come up later as a separate bill .
Sure they will .
Come on , folks : show some spine .
If Democrats want people to believe that there ’s really a difference between the two parties , then show them there ’s a difference .
Put the bundling provision back in and give it a vote .
It ’s the right thing to do .
Sipping green tea in his cramped Yokohama office , speaking carefully and politely , Masuo Aizawa does n’t exactly seem like mad -genius material .
The notion seems even more dubious when the 49 - year - old scientist shows off his pride and joy : a thing that looks like a glass slide sitting at the bottom of a plastic dish filled with a clear liquid .
The slide is an electronic chip of sorts , though a peek under the microscope suggests it is a crude one .
Instead of the intricately carved circuits and byways of modern chips , this one offers plain stripes ; where conventional chips are adorned with millions of tiny transistors , this one seems to have been splattered with mud .
But appearances are misleading .
This chip is really a slice of technological chutzpah .
Those spindly , muddy blobs on Aizawa ’s chip are n’t defects but custom - grown nerve cells that have been arranged into the precursor of a biological electronic circuit -- the first step , says Aizawa , toward the cell - by - cell construction of an artificial brain .
Perhaps this is just a faraway dream , he says , chuckling .
But we are approaching it in steps .
Aizawa , a biochemist at the Tokyo Institute of Technology , has been captivated by the human brain ’s computing abilities .
By exchanging electrical signals among themselves , the 100 billion nerve cells , called neurons , in the bony vault perched on top of your neck can recognize a face at 50 yards , hold a rapid - fire conversation , and keep 70 years ’ worth of vivid memories at ready access .
The world ’s most powerful computers , meanwhile , ca n’t keep up with the patter of a four - year - old .
Why not , Aizawa asks , go with the better technology ?
Lots of scientists have devoted their careers to probing the secrets of the brain .
And many researchers have designed computer programs and even chips that attempt to mimic a neuron ’s properties .
Where Aizawa stands apart is in trying to blend the two efforts -- to get one of nature ’s most sophisticated cells to serve as a living electronic component in a man-made device that could make transistor technology seem like Stone Age stuff .
A neuron looks bigger than a transistor , he says , but it processes so many signals that it ’s really more like an entire computer chip in itself .
I think we can use it to make biocomputers .
To be sure , Aizawa is a long way off from building a computer out of neurons .
In fact , the thin stripes of cells laid out on his chip ca n’t do anything useful yet .
( And in fact these cells are n’t actually neurons ; they derive , however , from the same parent cells that neurons come from , and after some chemical manipulation they function in much the same way . )
But growing orderly arrays of nerve cells on an electrically conductive surface was a formidable task in itself , one that required nearly a decade of painstaking trial - and - error experiment .
And the results have left Aizawa poised to construct simple nerve circuits that can gradually be made more and more complex .
Perhaps they can be made to be even more complex -- and useful - - than today ’s transistorized chips .
It may be as long as 20 more years before he succeeds , Aizawa concedes , but that is all the more reason to make sure he does n’t lose any time on the early steps .
The brain excels at recognizing patterns and learning because , unlike computers , it does n’t try to accomplish them in step - by - step fashion .
Instead it employs billions of simple computers -- neurons -- that work in parallel , producing a complex web of signals that surge back and forth , triggering each other .
This web can take in different pieces of information coming from the various senses -- for example , long ears , eating a carrot , chased by a man with a shotgun and a speech impediment -- and come out with an identification : Bugs Bunny .
This approach to information processing is known as a neural network .
It works by making connections among groups of neurons that respond in a particular way to the sight of a carrot , other groups of neurons that respond to Elmer Fudd , and still other neurons that fire a unique pattern of signals that means , to your mind , only one thing : that wascally wabbit .
Of course , it is n’t quite that cartoon simple .
The carrot - recognition neurons must already have learned , through connections with other neurons that respond to orange and long and skinny and edible , what a carrot is ; the Fudd - recognition group must have gone through a similar process ; and so on .
Now , a standard computer program could just as easily pull a rabbit out of a data base by searching for these characteristics .
But your brain can do the same trick with the multitude of sounds and nuances emerging from a symphony orchestra ( Aha! Beethoven ’s Ninth ! ) or the points in a pointillist painting ; one data base program could n’t handle those disparate tasks .
And your brain performs this recognition feat instantly .
It would take a data base program , even one running on a powerful supercomputer , much longer to search through every snatch of music you ’ve ever heard , or every face you ’ve ever seen , to find the correct match .
Furthermore , your brain teaches itself .
The way your brain learns to pick its way through this maze of competing signals is , through trial and error , by strengthening those signals that eventually yield the correct answer ( Er , actually it ’s Mancini ’s ‘ Baby Elephant Walk ’ ) .
This often occurs through the proper neurons ’ repeatedly firing -- which is why you learn a new phone number by saying it over and over again to yourself .
The more often a connection is used in the brain , the easier it is to pass a strong signal through it .
Spurred by the growing realization that the brain has a good thing going for it , computer scientists have been turning in greater numbers to the design of neural - network - style computer programs .
They usually take a few thousand sections of a computer ’s memory and use them as ersatz neurons : an initial layer of such neurons is programmed to accept input from the world outside and to pass on electrical signals of varying strengths to another layer of neurons .
Those neurons tally the signals and decide what they mean by passing signals along to yet a third layer of neurons .
In this third , output layer , each neuron stands for a different answer : a different name , say , or a different direction to move .
The first time the network makes a connection between an input face and an output name , for example , the answer is just random .
But after making the network do this again and again , scientists can instruct the program to strengthen those connections that lead to the right name , and weaken those leading to the wrong name .
After a while , the network gets it right every time .
But these results , while promising , have yet to bring computers anywhere near the level of the human brain -- or even of a bird brain , for that matter .
One problem is that the hardware and software employed by scientists to imitate the functions of a neuron fall far short of the real thing .
Biological neurons can accept thousands of simultaneous signals and instantly determine whether or not to fire and pass the signal on to another 10,000 or so neurons .
Trying to provide that sort of high - speed connectivity to even a few thousand ersatz neurons -- never mind billions -- can be enough to bring a supercomputer to its knees .
To get better artificial neural networks , concede many researchers , they need to develop more neuronlike software or electronic components .
Or , of course , they could use the real thing and put actual neurons onto a chip .
But that ’s not an idea that many scientists would be willing to run with , thanks to a few nagging obstacles : it ’s tremendously difficult to grow neurons , hook them together , or conveniently get signals in and out of them on such an unconventional medium .
Individually , these problems are tough enough ; together , they appear overwhelming .
Aizawa has a few advantages , though .
For one thing , Japanese businesses and government agencies , which work in concert to fund scientific research , are far more encouraging of long - shot endeavors , even if they seem almost wacky by the standards of U.S. funding agencies .
Japan is particularly free - spending when it comes to possible breakthroughs in computer technology .
Stung by their inability to catch up to U.S. companies in conventional software technology , the Japanese government and various businesses have thrown billions of dollars into large - scale efforts to help the country leapfrog into leadership of more futuristic computer technologies .
Thus Aizawa -- who chairs one of the government committees dispensing some of this money -- has not exactly lacked for support , financial or otherwise .
And then there ’s Aizawa himself .
Though he professes a fondness for music by the Carpenters , actually he is possessed of a strong inclination to go against the mainstream .
One tip - off : when millions of Japanese are stepping into the world ’s most formidable rush hour to commute into Tokyo , Aizawa is leaving his Tokyo home and commuting 20 miles out of the city to the Yokohama campus of the Tokyo Institute of Technology .
On that campus , Aizawa has made a career of doing something that many scientists once insisted could n’t be done : transplanting biological processes from the comfort of living tissue to the harsh world of man-made devices .
I call my approach superbiology , he says .
Biological components are supposed to be ideally suited to their natural environments , but we find ways to adapt them to our artificial systems and make them perform even better than they normally do .
Aizawa grew up near Yokohama , the son of a banker .
He did not have a natural inclination to science .
I loved history in high school , and I hated chemistry .
To try to develop a liking for it , I joined the chemistry club , where we did experiments after school .
Oddly enough , the strategy worked so well that Aizawa ended up majoring in electrochemistry -- the study of chemical reactions that are enhanced by , or that create , electric fields -- at Yokohama National University .
In his third year he attended a lecture by a visiting Tokyo Institute of Technology professor , Jun Mizuguchi , who predicted to the audience that biology was going to have a huge impact on technology in the coming years .
I was very impressed , recalls Aizawa .
I talked with him afterward , and he encouraged me to enter this field .
I decided then that I would learn the mechanics of biological systems .
There was one biological system in particular that pulled Aizawa in this new direction .
My whole reason for being interested in biology surely had to do with the brain itself , he says .
I had realized that what I am most interested in is human beings , and the most important thing of all is how we think .
I knew I wanted to get into brain science , but I wanted to approach it step - by - step from the long way around , taking a technological point of view .
Though he did n’t have the precise steps laid out yet , he knew that neurons were far too complex to tackle directly .
First he would have to achieve some sort of technical mastery with ordinary cells ; and even before that , he would need to work with parts of cells .
In 1966 Aizawa entered the Tokyo Institute of Technology , nominally as a graduate student in biochemistry , but determined to add a twist to the subject that would carry him toward his distant goal .
I tried to create a new field for myself , he says , an interdisciplinary field that combined life sciences and electrochemistry .
He quickly found a cellular component to focus on : mitochondria , which extract energy from sugar and turn it into small banks of electric charge .
He was soon at work on a biobattery , in which the proteins that make mitochondria go were cajoled into performing their trick in a tiny electrode - equipped jar .
The battery worked , but its modest 1.5 volts , as well as the tendency of the complex proteins to break down quickly , precluded its application as a commercial battery .
Unfazed , Aizawa converted his biobattery into a supersensitive glucose detector : when even trace quantities of glucose ( a sugar ) were present , the device put out a tiny but detectable current .
The little jar thus turned out to be one of the first so - called biosensors and was eventually developed into a version that can , among other applications , help diabetics monitor their blood sugar level .
After graduating from the institute in 1971 and accepting a research position there , Aizawa continued to hone his bioengineering skill , designing the first immunosensor - - a device that employs antibodies of the sort found in our immune system to ferret out and lock onto almost any sort of foreign molecule .
Antibodies to particular disease - causing organisms are used to coat an electrically conductive surface .
A sample of a patient ’s blood or lymph fluid is placed on the surface .
If the antibodies grab onto anything in the fluid , it changes the voltage signal across the surface , indicating there ’s something there that should n’t be present .
Yet Aizawa had n’t lost his interest in the brain ; in the back of his mind , he wondered if there was n’t some way to do with nerve cells what he had accomplished with mitochondria and antibodies .
If he could somehow couple nerve cells to an electronic device , he might be able to fashion a crude , semi-artificial neural network .
But that would require growing nerve cells on electrodes -- that is , on some sort of conductive surface -- so that electric signals could be inserted into and extracted from the cells .
In 1980 that was an outrageously farfetched notion ; even ordinary animal cells had n’t been grown on electrodes , and mature nerve cells are so much more delicate that it was all but impossible at the time to culture them in even the most hospitable media .
Animal cells find many different types of substrates friendly , explains Aizawa .
But neural cells have a very delicate sense of friendliness .
Aizawa , who had by now moved to the University of Tsukuba , decided to tackle ordinary cells first .
He tried to get the cells to proliferate on a number of different conductive and semiconductive materials , including gold , platinum , titanium , carbon , and conductive plastics .
The best results , it turned out , came with the semiconducting compound indium tin oxide : grudgingly , the cells divided and increased in number .
But the key , Aizawa knew , was to be able to control that growth , to make the cells form patterns that might eventually form the basis of an electronic circuit .
Eventually he wanted to use nerve cells , and when nerve cells grow , they send out long , tentaclelike formations called neurites ; it is through interconnected webs of neurites ( known as axons and dendrites ) that nerve cells in the body transfer electrical signals to one another .
But if Aizawa grew nerve cells on his slide and they were free to throw out neurites in every direction , he would end up with a dense sprawl of haphazard growth that would defy any efforts to study , let alone influence , signal transmission .
On a hunch , he tried placing a small voltage -- on the order of a tenth of a volt -- across the coating .
He reasoned that because a cell membrane contains molecules with a slight electric charge , they might respond to a similar charge in the surrounding medium .
That charge seems to trigger movement among the molecules , bunching them together to plug holes in the membrane that allow chemicals that stimulate cell growth to enter .
Sure enough , the tiny voltage slowed cell growth down , although it did n’t stop it completely , and did n’t seem to harm the cell .
Yet to build a primitive neural network , Aizawa knew he would need to do a lot more than hobble some cells .
He ’d need an orderly array of nerve cells ; in fact , the best way to examine signal transmission would be with a long , single - file string of connected nerve cells .
With a string of nerve cells , it would be somewhat easier to introduce a voltage at one end of the string and then detect the output signal at the other end , or anywhere in between .
It would also allow him to perfect techniques for strengthening various neural connections through repeated firing , and perhaps to discover other ways of influencing the transmission of signals .
Once the properties of neural strings were mastered , the strings could be run side by side to form an interconnected array , much like the computer - simulated neural networks .
So Aizawa tried to fashion cellular strings .
He continued to study ordinary animal cells , exposing the cells growing on the indium tin oxide to a wide variety of voltages .
By the mid-1980s , he had discovered that different voltages had different effects .
While .1 volt slowed cell division slightly , voltages of .2 and .3 depressed it even more .
A charge of .5 volt was too hot ; it usually proved fatal to the cells .
A voltage of about .4 , however , turned out to be just right .
It stopped the animal cells from dividing without otherwise affecting their function in any way .
I was amazed , says Aizawa .
It was as if they went into hibernation .
He realized that this discovery could be exactly the one he needed : if the right voltage froze animal cell division , perhaps it could also be employed to control neurite growth .
In 1985 Aizawa returned to the Tokyo Institute of Technology to found its department of bioengineering , and he continued his research .
By 1986 he was ready to try his hand at nerve cells .
To improve the odds , Aizawa and graduate student Naoko Motohashi ( one of Japan ’s relatively rare female scientists ) decided to work with a type of cell known as PC12 rather than jumping into neurons .
PC12 cells are a special line of cells derived from a tumor in the adrenal gland of a rat , tissue which stems from the same cells in the fetus that give rise to nerve cells .
They are more rugged than true nerve cells and easier to grow in culture .
And they perform one very neat trick .
The cells divide rapidly , as tumor cells are wont to do , until they come into contact with a substance known as nerve growth factor , or NGF .
Then PC12 cells stop dividing and within three days start to grow neurites .
Within two weeks they are converted into fully functional nerve cells .
At first , the PC12 cells would n’t reliably grow into nerve cells on the indium tin oxide .
But Aizawa and Motohashi kept at it , varying the voltage , the temperature , the thickness of the coating , the cell nutrients in the fluid in the petri dish in which the slide was submerged ( the main ingredient was calf serum ) , and every other variable they could play with .
We had to keep refining our experimental technique until we found exactly the right conditions , he recalls .
After several months they finally had nerve cells growing on the oxide -- but the cells did n’t always respond to their efforts to freeze neurite growth with a higher voltage .
For more than another year the two researchers carefully experimented with voltages , varying the strength and the timing of the applied charge .
We kept having problems with the reproducibility of the data , says Aizawa .
After a while we started to have doubts about whether this phenomenon could be made reproducible .
Finally , though , in 1989 , the scientists were ready to declare the experiments a success .
The right voltage to freeze the nerve cells ’ growth turned out to be .6 , rather than the .4 that had done the job with other cells .
The scientists were then able to produce slide after slide of PC12 nerve cells arrayed in alternating stripes : the cell - less stripes corresponding to bands of indium tin oxide that had been laced with .6 volt , while neighboring bands of plain glass boasted dense growths of interconnected nerve cells .
The cells crowd the glass stripes to avoid the charged indium tin oxide stripes ; even their neurites do n’t cross over onto the electrodes .
We were very surprised , says Aizawa .
Even if the cell starts out on top of the electrode , after a few days it will be off to the side of it .
I do n’t know how it does that .
I think maybe it rolls .
Apparently , speculated Aizawa , a voltage of .6 is just enough to realign charged molecules on the surface of the cell into a shape that blocks the entry of NGF and thus prevents neurite growth .
For the past two years Aizawa has worked on refining his control over the growth of the nerve cells .
He has now achieved a rough version of the sought - after neural strings , stripes of interconnected cells less than a thousandth of an inch wide .
That ’s the easy part , he shrugs .
The hard part , on which Aizawa is now focusing , is to design an input and output to his string : that is , a way to introduce electronic signals into the string and to detect the resulting signals that emerge from the other end .
The usual way to put signals into a neuron is by sticking a probe into it , he explains .
But that kills the cell .
I need a noninvasive , nondestructive technique .
Fortunately , he is already halfway there by virtue of having grown the cells on top of a semiconductor .
He is now trying to develop a checkerboard grid of electrodes so that he can selectively stimulate the individual nerve cells on top of each square .
The same electrodes could be used to extract the resulting signals from other nerve cells .
I think I can do this , he says , but it will take two or three more years .
Once he does , he can start to learn how to use signals to strengthen connections , the prerequisite to nerve programming .
If that works , he could attempt a simple programmable neural network .
If his checkerboard chip proves able to perform rudimentary tasks such as recognizing simple patterns , the next step will be to try to build a three - dimensional structure of nerve cells capable of more complex functions .
How would he do that ?
The same way nature handles it : by getting the neurons to arrange themselves .
Our brain works by self - organization , he explains .
I do n’t know how to go about achieving this , but I hope to find a way .
I think it will take more than ten years .
If we succeed , though , we will be able to build at least a part of a brain .
Such a bizarre device would , in theory , be able to learn much as our own brains do .
Even if Aizawa does n’t make it as far as an artificial brain , his efforts wo n’t be wasted .
I have already been approached by doctors who want to make an interface between the nervous system and prostheses , he says .
My device could connect nerves in the shoulder with wires in an artificial arm .
Or it could connect the optic nerve with a tiny camera to make an artificial eye .
On the other hand , once you ’ve set off on the step - by - step path that ends when you bring a brain -- even an artificial one -- to life , stopping short of your goal would have to seem a little disappointing .
Does Aizawa think he ’ll succeed ?
I do n’t know , he says .
I hope .
Mr Chen campaigned against official abuses
Chen Guangcheng was reportedly beaten after he insisted on his right to appeal against his sentence and refused to allow his head to be shaved .
The human rights group said it feared for his life and that he was at risk of further torture and ill - treatment .
Mr Chen was jailed in 2006 for damaging property and disrupting traffic .
But his lawyers said the real reason was Mr Chen 's exposure of violations of China 's one - child policy , including forced sterilisations and abortions .
Hunger strike
In a statement , Amnesty said Mr Chen had told his wife that after he refused to have his head shaved , " six other prisoners had pushed him to the floor , encouraged by prison guards , and hit and kicked him hard " .
Medical treatment was also withheld from him , the group said .
He said he was being punished for ' being disobedient ' due to his insistence on filing an appeal to the provincial higher court
Amnesty International
" He has since begun a hunger strike in protest , refusing water as well as food , " it added .
" He said he was being punished for ' being disobedient ' due to his insistence on filing an appeal to the provincial higher court . "
Amnesty said Mr Chen , who is blind , required either the assistance of his lawyer or his wife to help him draft an appeal , but that the prison authorities had refused to let them visit him for longer than 30 minutes per month .
He lost an earlier appeal against his four - year sentence in January .
The London - based group said Mr Chen was a " prisoner of conscience , jailed solely for his peaceful defence of human rights " .
" The Chinese authorities must stop the persecution of people who stand up for human rights ; as the Olympic Games draw closer , the world will be watching to see whether human rights promises have been honoured .
At present they have not , " it said .
Mr Chen , 35 , has campaigned against what he says are abuses of the Chinese government 's one - child policy .
Before being imprisoned , he accused local health workers in Linyi city , in Shandong province , of illegally forcing hundreds of people to have late - term abortions or sterilisations .
China brought in its one - child policy 27 years ago , in a drive to curb population growth , but forced sterilisation and abortion are prohibited .
j Query 1.1.3 : 800 % + Faster , still 20KB
Posted on by
I ’m pleased to announce the release of jQuery 1.1.3 .
After many months of testing , developing , and more testing , we have a very solid release available for download .
It comes with roughly 80 + fixed bugs and a handful of enhancements for good measure .
Highlights include :
Improved speeds , with DOM traversal over 800 % faster than in 1.1.2 .
A re-written event system , with more graceful handling of keyboard events .
A re-written effects system ( with an accompanying fx test suite ) , featuring faster execution and better cross-platform support .
Update – July 4th :
We just finished a quick bug fix release , versioned 1.1.3.1 , which fixes a couple of outstanding issues .
Download :
As always , if you find any bugs with this release , please post them to the jQuery Bug Tracker .
1.1.3 Features
Massive Selector Speed Improvements
Due to popular demand , we dug deep and made some major changes to jQuery ’s selector engine .
Here ’s a breakdown of the speed improvements that were made to jQuery itself .
All numbers are based on the SlickSpeed test suite .
Browser jQuery 1.1.2 jQuery 1.1.3 % Improvement IE 6 4890 ms 661ms 740 % Firefox 2 5629ms 567ms 993 % Safari 2 3575 ms 475 ms 753 % Opera 9.1 3196ms 326ms 980 % Average improvement : 867 %
Additionally , we tested the improved code base against some of the other popular selector libraries , again with the SlickSpeed test suite .
Browser Prototype jQuery Mootools Ext Dojo IE 6 1476ms 661ms 1238ms 672ms 738ms Firefox 2 219ms 567ms 220ms 951ms 440ms Safari 2 1568ms 475ms 909ms 417ms 527ms Opera 9.1 220ms 326ms 217ms 296ms 220ms
A couple things to notice when looking at the speed suite results are that :
We ’re over 800 % faster than we were in jQuery 1.1.2 .
We ’re the fastest framework in the most popular browser , Internet Explorer 6 .
We ’re the only framework that does n’t give incorrect results .
And all of this comes at no expense to you — jQuery is still the same 20 KB that you ’ve come to expect and enjoy .
New Selectors
Unicode Selectors :
This is a huge addition for those of you who want to use Unicode attribute values , IDs , class names , or tag names .
You can now use them directly in jQuery selectors :
$ (" div.å°åŒ — " ) $ ( " div#å°åŒ — " ) $ ( " foo_barå°åŒ — " ) $ ( " div[@id=å°åŒ — ] " )
Escape Selectors :
A frequently requested feature you can now select elements by ID ( or other selector ) that uses a special character , for example this will find the div that has the ID of “ foo.bar ” :
$ ( " div#foo\\\\.bar " )
Inequality Selector :
While this selector is n’t part of the CSS specification , it ’s frequently used and included in other selector libraries , so we decided to add it in :
$ ( " div[@id!=test ] " )
: nth - child ( ) improvements :
This selector allows you to locate specific child elements .
We ’ve supported selectors like : nth - child ( 1 ) and : nth - child ( odd ) since the beginning of jQuery , now we ’ve added advanced : nth - child selectors , such as :
$ ( " div:nth - child ( 2n ) " ) $ ( " div:nth - child ( 2n+1 ) " ) $ ( " div:nth - child ( n ) " )
Space - separated attributes :
After being removed in jQuery 1.0 , this selector has now been brought back by popular demand .
It allows you to locate individual items in a space - separated attribute ( such as a class or rel attribute ) .
$ ( " a[ @rel~=test ] " )
Animation Improvements
Speed : Animations are now significantly faster and smoother .
Additionally , you can run more simultaneous animations without incurring any speed hits .
Testing :
We now have a dedicated test suite for animations — which has allowed us to fix a number of pressing animation bugs that were n’t previously locatable .
DOM Event Listeners
Internally , the jQuery Event system has been overhauled to use the DOM Event system , rather than the classical “ onclick ” style of binding event handlers .
This improvement allows you to be more unobtrusive in your use of the library ( not affecting the flow of other libraries around it ) .
Additionally , it helped to resolve some of the outstanding issues that existed with binding event listeners to IFrames .
Event Normalization
Some great steps have been taken to normalize keyboard and mouse events .
You can now access the event .
which property to get most details about the specific key or button that was pressed .
Multiple .is ()
The .is ( ) method can now take multiple selectors , separated by a comma .
This allows you to test your jQuery set against multiple selectors .
$ ( " div " ) .is( " : visible , : first " )
Browser Version
A commonly requested feature , by plugin authors , was a way to determine what browser version their users were using .
We now expose an extra property through which this information can be accessed .
jQuery.browser.version
More Bug Fixes
Please see the ticket listing for the full list of all issues resolved in this release .
The Future of jQuery
We ’ve been very concerned with the direction and progress being made towards furthering the jQuery project .
We ’re focusing on a number of different aspects now , but the primary concern is still the advancement of the core jQuery library .
We ’ve spec’d out the next two releases , which you can read more about below :
j Query 1.1.4
This will be the last release of the jQuery 1.1 branch – another bug fix release with some minor improvements .
This release will also mark a number of methods as deprecated , in accordance with the upcoming jQuery 1.2 release .
We ’re currently planning on having this release take place at the end of July .
This will be the next major release of jQuery , containing a significant number of new features .
The full details of this release can be found in the jQuery 1.2 Roadmap .
Your comments and feedback on this release are greatly appreciated .
It ’s still in planning , so nothing is completely final .
We ’re currently planning on releasing jQuery 1.2 by the end of August .
jQuery Books
We ’re now up to 4 jQuery books being written and , just as importantly , they ’re all being written by members of the jQuery team ( so you ’ll know that you ’re getting good information ) .
The books and their authors are as follows :
Learning jQuery by Karl Swedberg and Jonathan Chaffer – due out early July 2007 ( Packt Publishing ) .
by Karl Swedberg and Jonathan Chaffer – due out early July 2007 ( Packt Publishing ) .
jQuery Reference Guide by Karl Swedberg and Jonathan Chaffer – due out Summer 2007 ( Packt Publishing ) .
by Karl Swedberg and Jonathan Chaffer – due out Summer 2007 ( Packt Publishing ) .
jQuery Quickly by Yehuda Katz and Bear Bibeault ( Manning Publishing ) .
by Yehuda Katz and Bear Bibeault ( Manning Publishing ) .
Designing with jQuery by Glen Lipka ( Manning Publishing ) .
This is really fantastic news .
I ’ve been able to read some of the pre-release chapters and I think you ’re going to be in for a real treat with these books .
j Query Talks and Conference
I ’d like to announce some talks being given about jQuery in the upcoming months .
Specifically , there will be a number of talks given about jQuery at both of the Ajax Experience conferences .
At the San Francisco Ajax Experience , John Resig will be giving an introductory overview to jQuery followed by an advanced jQuery talk .
Glen Lipka will be giving a talk on designing with jQuery .
At the Boston Ajax Experience , John and Glen will be presenting again , and will be joined by Paul Bakaus to give a talk on developing intense applications and games with jQuery .
Since there ’s going to be quite a few members of the jQuery team at the Boston Ajax Experience , we ’d like to announce that we ’re planning on doing a small , one day , jQuery Conference the next day after the Ajax Experience .
This will be the perfect opportunity for you to meet the jQuery team and ask any nagging questions that you have .
We ’ll also be giving a number of talks about specific aspects of jQuery .
We ’ll have more details about this soon .
j Query UI
Today , we ’re also pleased to announce a secret project that we ’ve been working on : jQuery UI .
This project , being written by Paul Bakaus , is a whole new Drag & Drop library being developed from the ground up with speed and extensibility taken into consideration .
Additionally , great care is being taken to have the code be fully documented and tested — allowing many other developers to use and help extend it .
This library will contain full code for Draggables , Droppables , Sortables , Resizables , and a Slider .
You can take a look at some of Paul ’s early work in the SVN repository .
Funding and Thank You
The new jQuery UI library marks a new step for the jQuery project :
This is a piece of code whose development we ’re sponsoring using money donated by you , the jQuery users !
This is being made possible in two ways : first by your continued support and donations to the jQuery project , and second by a generous server donation by Media Temple .
This is allowing us to focus our financial resources on other projects that ’ll benefit everyone the most .
So I ’d like to take this opportunity to request additional donations to help us continue funding exciting new work that you ’ll be able to use in your web sites .
Any help will be greatly appreciated .
Amount in $
Once again , I ’d like to thank the jQuery team and everyone who has helped to make this release possible .
It ’s been a lot of work , but I hope you ’ll be as pleased with this release as we are .
Thank you — and thanks for using jQuery !
# 798308 +( 1508 ) - [ X ] < @je_fro > fox news is n't really news
< @je_fro > it 's actually one of the largest trolling experiments ever conducted
by GEMMA CLARKE
Last updated at 00:52 30 May 2007
Having your fingers measured to see if you 're fat .
Preyed upon by predatory photographers in an industry that encourages paedophilia .
One ex-model lifts the lid on the story the fashion industry DOESN 'T want you to read .
Sitting on the sofa in the Paris apartment I shared with several other models from various corners of the world , I was feeling a little homesick .
As a skinny 16 - year - old from North London , securing a contract with one of the world 's leading modelling agencies had seemed like a dream ticket to a world dripping with glamour - but , just occasionally , the loneliness would creep in .
Having never worried about my weight - I was a naturally skinny size 8 - I left my apartment in the premier arrondissement in search of a treat : a little comfort food .
I wandered to the shop to buy a packet of chocolate chip biscuits and took them back to the shared flat .
What a mistake .
The other girls glared at the shiny packet as if it was a radioactive grenade .
But to my relief , as I tucked in , one of my flatmates - a long - limbed blonde girl from Texas - came over and asked if she could have one .
" Of course ! " I replied , excited to have an ally .
She took a biscuit from the pack , churned it around her mouth for a second then spat the half - chewed remains into the bin .
" I just wanted to taste it , " she chirped , giving a little shrug of her shoulders .
This sort of thing - I would soon come to realise - was standard model behaviour .
So when I heard the news last week of the first ever Model Health Inquiry - backed by the British Fashion Council , The Work Foundation , The London Development Agency and Marks & Spencer - I was initially pleased .
It 's high - profile and being fronted by Baroness Kingsmill ( an oddly apt name given the carbohydrate - phobia that permeates the modelling world ) with input from fashion designers , psychiatrists , doctors and the model Erin O'Connor .
Having modelled for seven years and seen first - hand the insidious pressure on young women to remain thin , I welcome any investigation aiming to improve the wellbeing of young models .
But this inquiry is ultimately doomed to fail .
Four months of research by some of the British fashion industry 's leading lights will result in toothless recommendations that no fashion designer or modelling agency will be under any legal obligation to adhere to .
The Model Health Inquiry will be about as protective as a cardboard umbrella .
Baroness Kingsmill launched the inquiry by ordering the fashion industry to " just grow up " .
It made me think of a parent addressing a child showing off at a birthday party .
Does she not realise that an industry that prides itself on rebellion ; an industry with non-conformists such as Kate Moss as its icons , will not respond to such a gentle ticking - off - even though the aims of the inquiry are important for those young women who have been privy to the dark side of the fashion industry ?
Women like me .
I began modelling at 16 by way of a nationwide competition run by a prestigious London modelling agency .
When I found out I would be taken on , it felt as if all my Christmases had come at once .
My mum and stepfather were excited for me , it all seemed so glamorous .
It was only when I began to subject them to a barrage of tearful phone calls from various hotel rooms that they began to wonder if it was a healthy industry for a teenage girl to be working in .
Though it may sound trite , being skinny had been the bane of my life at school .
I was naturally slim but , believe me , there were so many times I wished was n't .
At 15 , I was 5ft 10in and weighed around 8st , which appalled the boys and amused the girls .
On a good day my nickname was ' golf club ' on account of my stick - like legs and bulbous size 7 feet ; on a bad day it was " Annie " - as in the eating disorder anorexia nervosa .
Hard though it may be to believe given the current celebrity penchant for a " size zero " figure , I embarked on a fattening - up regime .
Mars bars , protein shakes - I tried everything aimed at aiding weight gain .
Nothing worked .
Then , all of a sudden , I was catapulted into my career as a model , and my size 8 frame became my greatest asset .
I found it difficult to adjust my mindset though
- still eating cheeseburgers , but all the while watching with a sense of bemused horror as my colleagues wrestled to reduce their featherlike weight .
It stands to reason that if a prerequisite of your job ( and thereby your livelihood ) is maintaining a skeletal body size , you do everything in your power to attain it .
Perceived wisdom in the fashion world stated that certain substances were handy in keeping off weight .
Cigarettes were one , but cocaine and speed were just as proliferate among my peers .
I remember one model telling me , after we'd been out for pizza , that she made herself sick after eating fatty foods .
She insisted that when she ate healthily , she allowed her body to digest .
Being young and naive , I did n't have the knowledge to tell her that what she was doing was incredibly dangerous .
The extent of these food - related issues among models is much parodied , but up close it is truly frightening .
Models
I knew would relay anecdotes about being made to feel overweight by agencies and designers on a daily basis when they were , in fact , incredibly slim .
I met up with one friend , fresh from an appointment with her modelling agency .
She arrived in floods of tears , having been told nonchalantly by her booker to " skip a few meals " in the run-up to London Fashion Week if she wanted to work .
Another girl I knew used a calorie - counting machine religiously to work out her exact intake .
To an objective observer , she was a stick - thin girl obsessed with analysing every bite of the few morsels of fresh fruit she ingested ; in fashion terms , she was a dedicated model .
To me , she seemed miserable and neurotic .
During my seven years in the industry I worked mainly in Paris and London , lived for a brief time in New York and travelled on various trips overseas on glamorous fashion shoots for magazines such as Vogue , Elle , Marie Claire and Cosmopolitan .
I starred in huge advertising campaigns for L'Oreal and Haagen - Dazs ice cream .
However , nothing prepared me for the months I spent modelling in Tokyo , which was by far the most masochistic of places to work .
This is an environment where models are forced to have the circumference of their fingers measured by their agencies .
If your finger size was beyond a certain diameter , you were deemed as needing to lose weight .
The last time I visited Tokyo on a modelling assignment I was 21 - although my agency was still touting me as a 19 - year - old - and in the second year of my degree at Leicester University .
Having earned enough money to put myself through university , I chose to opt out of the modelling world fulltime and only do part - time holiday work .
So when I returned for the trip to Tokyo , I had fresh eyes and hips that exceeded the 34in requirement on my contract , which was a basic prerequisite for the Japanese market .
It was time - in my agency 's eyes , at least - for me to slim down .
While most of my friends were working in factories over the holidays , I was able to earn thousands of pounds through my photographic work .
It was , however , hard to feel lucky as a young girl spending four weeks alone in a sterile hotel room and feeling pressured to lose weight for the first time in my life , even though I still only weighed around 9st despite being 5 ft 10in tall .
There was a strange camaraderie , however , as all the models at my agency had been told to lose weight - by any means necessary .
My female manager suggested I try the hardboiled egg diet or the apple diet , eating only one type of food .
I retorted by suggesting a more balanced regime , but the idea seemed to cause genuine confusion .
I did n't want to get sucked into the cycle of dieting and weighing myself ; I knew it could easily become a fixation .
On one particular day , two girls and I were taken into the agency for our near - daily weigh - in and measurement session .
When I walked in , the agency head called across the room : " Good girl , Gemma !
You 're looking really skinny today . "
I loathed myself for being secretly pleased .
The other girls and I were then taken to the bathroom to be weighed and measured .
Our statistics were called out across the booking table to be filled into an intricate graph .
The first girl , a blonde New Zealander , then stepped forward .
She had lost 7lb in the four days since her arrival .
" Very professional , " our boss congratulated her , " but do n't faint ! "
The third girl , a beautiful , curvaceous Brazilian , had failed to slim down and was chastised .
But the horrible reality of what was happening
to us became clear when another friend of mine , whom I had met during an earlier trip to Japan , was hospitalised and came dangerously close to death from anorexia .
Shocked to learn she had since returned to Tokyo and modelling , I asked my manager how she seemed to be doing , to which he casually replied : " She 's OK , but she still only eats Softmints . "
As well as the inevitable health issue , there is also the question of vulnerability and abuse of position which should be looked into by Baroness Kingsmill 's inquiry .
LA - based fashion designer Anand Jon was recently charged with several counts of indecent assault , rape , sexual battery and committing a lewd act on a child following allegations made by many of the models who worked for him - and he will not be the only one .
There are many men in the fashion industry who abuse their position to a greater or lesser extent .
On one of my first photoshoots , at the age of 16 , I found myself working with a photographer of whom I felt wary .
My instincts proved correct .
Towards the end of the shoot , he gave me a sheer white dress to slip into , sending both his assistants home while I was away getting changed .
With just the two of us left in the studio I felt increasingly anxious , but , despite being uncomfortable , I felt obliged to go ahead and allow him to take some pictures " for my portfolio " of me standing around in a see - through dress .
The photographer insisted on coming forward to adjust it and me : pushing my hair behind my ears and other overfamiliar gestures .
Only after about half an hour did I muster enough courage to gather my belongings and get as far away from there as I could .
I was so mortified by the incident that I have n't mentioned it to anyone until now .
I also knew that in the modelling world , it was a pretty tame experience .
Consider , too , the fact that most models begin their careers in their early to mid-teens , when they are technically still children .
Personally , I find the prevalence of childlike imagery in fashion extremely distasteful , unlike leading fashion designer Marc Jacobs , who employed a 12 - year - old actress to front his recent campaign .
Looking like a Lolita and staring provocatively from the pages of women 's magazines , does n't a 12 year - old model send out a message that conflicts entirely with our anti-paedophilic culture ?
In most other industries there would be a grievance procedure for workplace bullying , but in fashion it 's part of the fabric .
Bitchy comments are the parlance within this industry - not between fellow models , as is most commonly portrayed , but meted out by designers , stylists , bookers , make - up artists etc .
Over years , this motley crew told me I had chubby cheeks , my teeth were wonky , my lips were thin , my arms were different lengths , my face was lopsided and my hairline just was n't " quite right " .
I walked , apparently , as if I had wooden legs .
Not to mention being told I was looking old in my early 20s .
" Do n't worry , " said one make - up artist , with spiteful insincerity , " We can airbrush out your wrinkles . "
I was 23 .
Comments such as these planted seeds of insecurity in my mind that I never had before .
At the most recent London Fashion Week , I went to watch one of my best friends , a successful model , on the catwalk .
Girls with their ribs protruding were commonplace , but then , my friend is also an eye - catchingly waif - like size 8 .
She went on one Fashion Week casting where she was required to contort herself into a minuscule corset the size of a rubber band , but with far less elasticity .
As she attempted to squeeze the garment over her ribs the designer commented that she was " too big " .
I could pinpoint any number of incidents that caused me to get out of modelling altogether , but it was an accumulation of all of them that made me realise I no longer wanted to base my livelihood on aesthetics .
It was difficult to give up , though , as long after I 'd quit , my agency would call and offer me a highly - paid job or a trip that sounded exciting and glamorous .
But I held firm and refused in order to pursue a career as a writer .
It meant working unpaid for virtually the first year and a half ( during which I made ends meet by holding down two evening jobs and I even cleaned toilets ) , but I enjoyed writing so much it was worth it .
I began by writing about football , television and video games , but eventually became a football reporter , writing for the national press .
A rainy Saturday afternoon in Stoke may not have the same cache as a photoshoot on the beach in St Tropez , but in my new profession I was there because I had earned it , not because I happened to be photogenic .
I now work for a Premiership football club .
Being thin does not necessarily mean a woman is unhealthy and , as such , any legislation would be difficult to police .
But , sadly , the reality is that models are dying of anorexia ( just last year , the Brazilian Ana Carolina Reston died after eating a diet of only apples and tomatoes ) , and many more are being encouraged by ruthless agencies to go to extreme lengths to lose weight .
Something should be done .
But I do n't believe for a moment that Baroness Kingsmill 's inquiry is the answer .
The weight grade determines how much energy there is per pound of energy resource .
For example , coal has about 12.7 thousand BTU / lb , natural gas about 10 thousand BTU / lb , oil about 19.3 thousand BTU /lb , and an electric battery typically has 100 BTU / lb .
Electric batteries then are very heavy compared to their energy output which is why electric cars do not have very good driving ranges .
Introduction
In 1709 , William Darby invented the coking process which led to the use of coal in 18th century England .
From an economic stand point , one could say that this event more than any other ushered in the industrial revolution with its dependence on coal and steel produced from coal .
However from an engineering perspective , there is another cause of the industrial revolution that is more subtle .
This cause is the physical make up of the energy resources available to England .
According to Simon Kuznets , an economic epoch , which is a period of time defined by rapid population increase for a given region , " is determined and shaped by the application and ramification of an ' epochal innovation ' . " i.e. new significant technologies . ( 1 )
Rondo Cameron further states ,
A possible explanation for the correlation of population growth / stagnation / decline with income movements can be fashioned by analyzing the interaction of the fundamental determinants of economic development ( land , labor , capital and entrepreneurial capacity ) .
With a given technology , the resources available to a society set the upper limits to its economic achievements ... technological change by increasing productivity and opening up new resources has the effect of raising the ceiling .
( 2 )
This emphasizes technology as the major ingredient for periods of high economic and population growth .
However , we believe another ingredient , equally as important as technology , is the grade or inherent value of energy resource inputs available to an economy .
This has to do with productivity .
Each type of energy resource has an inherent physical potential for being more or less productive and that potential is the energy grade .
Higher grade energy resources have more potential for being productive than lower grade energy resources .
Energy is the driving force behind industrial production and is indeed the driving force behind any economic activity .
However , if an economy 's available energy resources have low grades , i.e. low potential productivity , then new technology will not be able to stimulate economic growth as much .
On the other hand , high grade energy resources could magnify the effect of technology and create tremendous economic growth .
High grade resources can act as magnifiers of technology , but low grade resources can dampen the forcefulness of new technology .
This leads to the conclusion that it is important to emphasize the role of the inherent nature of resources in economic growth more fully .
To see better how this very subtle idea is a not so subtle cause of the industrial revolution , and possibly other economic epochs , we must look at some simple physics of energy resource characteristics .
We believe that the most important resources for economic achievements are energy resources , therefore , we look at ways to compare energy resources .
The Energy Resource Characteristic Grade
In order to understand why some energy resources are better than others , we need a way to compare them .
One way to compare energy resources is the energy grade concept defined here .
This concept identifies the physical characteristics of competing energy resources that allow the economy to more cheaply extract services from each BTU ( 3 ) of energy .
There are four grades .
1. Weight Grade ( BTU / lb. )
2. Volume Grade ( BTU / cubic foot )
3. Area Grade ( BTU / acre )
4. State Grade ( Liquid , Gas , Solid , Field )
Consider these grades in detail :
1. Weight Grade
The weight grade determines how much energy there is per pound of energy resource .
For example , coal has about 12.7 thousand BTU / lb , natural gas about 10 thousand BTU / lb , oil about 19.3 thousand BTU /lb , and an electric battery typically has 100 BTU / lb .
Electric batteries then are very heavy compared to their energy output which is why electric cars do not have very good driving ranges .
The weight grade determines energy performance .
Usually , transportation devices must carry their fuel source along with them during use .
The lighter is the weight of the fuel they use , the less energy they require to carry that fuel around which is why consumers and producers will be willing to pay a premium for higher weight grade energy resources .
2. Volume Grade
The volume grade determines how much energy there is per unit of volume of the energy resource .
Natural gas is very bulky at about one thousand BTU / cubic foot at standard atmosphere and pressure , and 177 thousand BTU / cubic foot at 3000 psi .
Oil , though , has about one million BTU / cubic foot .
The volume grade is important again , because it determines performance for certain energy uses .
For example , if we had to use natural gas in place of oil for cars , the volume of the fuel tank would have to be much bigger and thus much heavier , or if it was the same size , then refueling would need to be done more often .
A low volume grade energy resource is also difficult to transport .
For example , a low volume grade resource like natural gas can be many times as expensive to obtain from an over seas source , such as the Middle East , than from the North American continent due to storage expense during transportation .
So here again consumers and producers will be willing to pay a premium for higher volume grade energy resources .
3. Area Grade
The area grade determines how much energy there is per area of occurrence of the energy resource in its original state , i.e. how much energy per acre .
For example , the area grade of wood is roughly 1 to 5 Billion BTU / acre because wood is spread out in forests over many acres .
Its original energy state , then , is much more spread out .
The area grade for oil is usually tens or hundreds of billions of BTU / acre , as it is found in thick under ground reservoirs in a high volume grade state .
The area grade determines how much service including cost savings the economy can extract from a given energy resource .
If the energy content of the resource is spread out , then it costs more to obtain the energy , because a firm has to use highly mobile extraction capital , which must be smaller and so cannot enjoy increasing returns to scale .
If the energy is concentrated , then it costs less to obtain because a firm can use larger scale immobile capital that can capture increasing returns to scale .
Therefore , energy producers will be willing to pay an extra premium for higher area grade energy resources .
4. State Grade
The state grade defines what form or state the energy resource occurs in .
The four major state grades are the following :
1. Liquid
2. Gas
3. Solid
4. Field
1. Liquid
The liquid state grade is simply where the energy resource occurs in a liquid form at standard atmosphere and pressure , such as oil does .
This state is the highest state grade , because energy resources that are liquids are easier to transport and use than any other energy state .
For example , a machine can use less moving parts to inject , burn and remove a liquid in a burning chamber , such as a piston cylinder , than it can a solid .
Less moving parts usually means less costs .
Also one can more easily transport and store a liquid , than a solid or a gas , since a producer can carry a liquid in un-pressurized containers or pump it through pipes .
This makes liquids cheaper to use than energy resources that occur in other states .
2. Gas
Gas at standard atmosphere and pressure is the next highest state grade .
A gas is more difficult to transport and use than a liquid , because it by nature must have a lower volume grade and must be kept under pressure .
However it is still fairly easy to use .
A machine can inject gas into a burning chamber just like a liquid .
3. Solid
A solid energy resource is the third highest state grade .
It is simply an energy resource in solid form at standard atmosphere and pressure such as coal or wood .
Solid fuels are more difficult and thus more costly to use , because in order to burn them , complicated mechanisms must continually place them in a burning chamber and remove the ashes once they are burned .
A machine cannot pump the fuel into place but must mechanically move it .
This makes solid fuels more costly to use per BTU than liquid or gas fuels in many energy uses .
4. Field
A field energy resource includes such phenomena as radiation fields , like solar and nuclear power , and pressure fields , like wind energy and hydro power and are the least useful state grade .
The main problem with fields is that they are difficult to store .
For example , one of the biggest problems with solar energy is storing the day time heat energy for night time use .
The only field that does not have this problem is nuclear fields , but they are difficult to contain from creating environmental hazards .
There are four different physical manifestations of the field state grade :
1. Pressure
2. Electric
3. Magnetic
4. Radiative
1. Pressure
The pressure field is where there is a difference in pressure .
An example of such a field is like the wind pushing a wind mill .
The wind creates a pressure differential that in turn pushes the arms of the mill .
Another such field occurs with hydro power .
Firms often use pressure fields to make electricity .
2. Electric and
3. Magnetic
Electric and magnetic fields are most often used in energy conversion processes only after another energy resource is used .
Therefore , they are not sources of energy .
4. Radiative
A radiative field is like solar energy .
The sun 's light radiates on the Earth .
That radiative energy in turn creates heat or even electricity .
All nuclear power too is a field type characteristic grade , since nuclear fuels , like Uranium , radiate alpha , beta or gama particles .
Energy Resources and The History of Economic Growth
In Table 1 and figures 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 ( not reproduced here ) , there is listed and shown many energy resources and their characteristic grade values .
These show how the different energy resources compare with each other .
Note that oil is one of the most valuable energy resource since it leads the other resources in most categories .
This comparison gives us a new way to analyze economic history .
Many of the greatest economic epochs in history seem to occur at the point in time when the economy starts to use a high grade energy resource .
Examples are ancient man 's switch from hunting to farming , which created the great ancient civilizations of Egypt and Mesopotamia ; England 's switch from wood to coal in the 18th century , which helped to create the industrial revolution ; and the U.S. 's switch from coal to oil in the 20th century , which created the modern mobility revolution , also identified by some historians as the second industrial revolution ( 4 ) .
All of these were changes to higher grade resources .
From these grades , we can infer that as humans have advanced over time , they have used higher grade energy resources .
We believe that one of the causes of human economic development is the fact that humans used higher grade energy resources which created lower costs for production .
Furthermore , we believe that much of economic growth is not due to better technology alone , but rather due to a combination of technology and higher grade resources .
It can be said that technology was the reason for the use of higher grade resources , and thus it is technology that is the only reason for human economic growth .
This is true .
However advances in technology without the availability of higher grade resources would surely not have created as much economic growth success as was possible with the availability of these higher grade resources .
This gives some evidence that the degree of success in human economic growth was determined to a large degree by the grade of energy resources available .
Consider the example of England 's energy switch in the 18th century .
18th Century England 's Change From Wood to Coal
To show how the grade level of different energy resources affects the overall cost of using energy , consider England 's energy resource switch in the 1700 's from wood to coal .
England needed wood throughout the Middle Ages for fuel and building .
However , by the 18th century , England 's forests were very depleted , and it threatened England 's economy .
5
The price index of wood charcoal quadrupled in 100 years from 1560 to 1660 while the price index of everything else doubled in the same time span .
This signaled problems with getting enough energy .
6
Eventually though , coal replaced wood for energy .
Consider this transition in detail .
The area grade for wood is roughly 1 to 5 billion BTU 's per acre but coal can have 10 billion to 1 trillion BTU 's per acre .
In fact , it often averages about 50 billion BTU 's per acre or more .
Therefore , coal 's area grade is about 10 times greater than wood's .
This allows miners to set up and use large scale production machinery , because they do not have to move the machinery from coal bed to coal bed since one coal seem has a lot of energy per acre .
This is in contrast to wood charcoal where the gathering of wood required relatively more mobil capital .
The result was that coal mining could have increasing returns to scale .
Even such archaic mining machinery as they had in the 18th century benefited from that , which was why coal at that time was cheaper .
Since fuel is the largest input for making iron , iron furnaces were located closer to the fuel source than the iron ore .
So it was the fuel source that determined the economies of scale of iron making .
With coal as the new source of fuel for iron , producers could set up larger and more iron production furnaces close to a single coal seam .
When iron production depended on wood , which was expensive to transport , wood being half the weight grade as coal , then that meant that the size of an iron furnace could only be as big as the supply of wood would allow .
So charcoal furnaces had to be kept smaller and more spread out which caused lower returns to scale and so higher costs .
Ashton gives some examples ,
A single furnace associated with a single forge was clearly the predominant order ( before 1750 ) .
...
In 1549 , there were 23 men working a furnace at Sheffield ( Sussex ) in addition to the two wainmen who attended the fourteen oxen and at a forge in the forest of Worth 33 men were engaged .
... at Duffield in 1691 it appears that 105 tons of metal were cast in 18 weeks , and that 75 tons of this pig iron were required to make the 50 tons of bar iron which were produced at the forge in six months .
7
So there were comparatively few laborers and low outputs .
However these furnaces often needed a lot of extra labor just to get the wood fuel .
Again Ashton says ,
" ... at Backbarrow ( using the method of wood charcoal casting ) ... there were in 1714 no fewer than 130 people supplying fuel to the works - sometimes in almost minute quantities " . ( 8 )
However a few decades after Abraham Darby invented coke , furnaces began to be located near coal mines .
The furnaces were bigger , there were more of them located in one place , and outputs were higher .
Ashton states ,
" ... by 1803 Richard Crausby owned ... six furnaces and employed over 2000 men at Cyfarthfa . " ( 9 )
Most furnaces in that day produced 40 tons of iron per week , which is about a seven fold increase per furnace .
( 10 )
So with coal it was possible to have larger operations closer together creating increasing returns to scale .
Plus the coal mine operations themselves could be bigger and enjoy increasing returns to scale .
However , in addition to having the larger returns to scale , the operations of mining and iron production were all in one place which allowed for more specialization and also greater technical interaction which created new technological advancements .
As Raistrick says ,
... it was now ( from 1760 onward ) an economic proposition to apply a large cylindered ( watts ) engine to mine pumping .
This in turn made much deeper and more extensive mining possible and a cycle of development by interaction - foundry - engine parts - deeper and better pumping - easier and cheaper ore and fuel - larger furnaces and foundries - larger engines - was soon established . ( 11 )
So we see that larger scale operations with more specialization and greater technological progress was a direct result of the high area grade of coal , because more operations were located closer together .
If England ran out of wood and had to use a lower area grade fuel for iron production such as grain turned into alcohol or renewable forests , then surely England could never have had the economies of scale and so the technological leap that it did with high area grade coal .
If England did continue to use wood however , it may have required the use of farm lands so that it could not support as many of its citizens as it had .
This leads us to conclude that there would not have been as large a bang in the industrial revolution , nor may never have been an industrial revolution , without a high area grade resource like coal .
Furthermore , we cannot see technology as being the only ingredient for an economy being able to overcome a resource shortage .
Rather , it is technology applied to a new abundant higher grade resource that more often than not saves an economy hit by a resource shortage .
Another way to view the importance of high grade resources is to ask , what if England of the 1700's had today 's technology but still only had wood , grains , wind and solar energy as its primary energy resources , without even the coal it used for heating , would the economic growth for England of the last 200 years have been possible ?
The answer is that even today it is more expensive to use these alternative energy resources then current high grade energy resources of coal , oil and natural gas .
The fact that England 's economy , and all industrial economies , choose not to use those alternative energy resources during the oil price shocks shows that it is more efficient to use the high grade ones .
This implies a loss of GDP if our economies were forced to use the lower grade resources , which further implies England 's growth of the last 200 years was greater with the high grade resources than without them .
The magnitude of the impact of having a high grade resource available is not possible to find .
An Energy Theory of Value
At this point one might ask if it is possible to compare competing energy resources on a price per BTU basis .
Such a price per BTU criteria would allow us to have a better basis for comparing past energy transitions and future energy transitions .
Unfortunately , such a criteria does not work as a comparison because competing energy resources have different characteristics that BTU content cannot capture .
For example , consider the following problems .
An electric car using electricity at $ 1.50 / MMBTU is less costly to run per mile even with maintenance costs than a regular gasoline car using gasoline at $ 8.00 / MMBTU , 12 yet most people drive gasoline vehicles rather than electric vehicles .
The reason for this is the overall service of gasoline vehicles .
Gasoline vehicles have a range of 200 to 400 miles or more before needing to be refuelled where as electrics can only go 30 to 60 miles .
Plus it takes five minutes to refuel a gasoline car but an electric requires 30 minutes to 8 hours of recharging depending on the system before it is ready to go again .
So electrics are inconvenient .
Thus the price per BTU does not account for the difference in service provided and so cannot take into account consumer preferences nor total producer costs of using such alternative fuels which in turn will decide which energy resource is best .
Another problem with the cost per BTU concept is that when energy resources are converted from one form to another , there is typically a 10 % to 90 % reduction in energy even while there is a cost associated with such conversions .
Thus natural gas at a well head can cost as little as $ 0.10 / MMBTU , but when it is converted into methanol it will cost about $ 8.00 / MMBTU and there will be a loss of 40 % of the original energy content causing greater scarcity of the natural gas .
13 However , this change in cost may be worth while , because the change in energy characteristics from natural gas to methanol may be worth the extra cost .
Nevertheless , the cost or price per BTU concept does not capture that added value gained by turning natural gas into methanol nor does it explain the higher loss of the natural gas source .
Another problem is that location of energy can change the price per BTU .
Natural gas for example that is produced in say Saudi Arabia would cost at least $ 4.00 / MMBTU delivered in New York city where as natural gas from Pennsylvania can cost as little as $ 0.35 / MMBTU in New York 14 .
The reason for such a huge difference is that natural gas from Saudi Arabia must be shipped in cryogenic tankers that cool the gas to a super cooled liquid state in order to minimize the cost of transportation .
The energy required to get the gas that cold and keep the gas super cooled during the duration of transit costs so much that it causes the price of the gas to be more costly for such long distances even though that is the cheapest method of transport .
Thus the location of an energy resource affects the price per BTU .
Then the question is which price does one use , the price of origin of the gas or the price of destination , and if we use the price of destination then do we use the price of gas coming from Pennsylvania or the price coming from Saudi Arabia .
Given these inadequacies , the price per BTU of energy does not adequately capture the real value of competing energy resources and so cannot determine which energy resources are most competitive .
This means we cannot simply compare energy resources on a price per BTU basis nor even a simple BTU basis , but must compare them on a grade basis .
Further , when energy statistics are presented in BTU terms and not grade terms , then those statistics tacitly assume one to one substitution per BTU between energy resources of different grades .
This is clearly is not the case .
We recommend that energy statistics for supply and demand of different types of energy not be lumped together using the BTU measure .
Future Energy Transitions
If we compare our emerging energy transition of oil to oil alternatives with other energy transitions in history , it is important to distinguish the change in the grade level of the competing energy resources from changes in technology .
Low grade energy resources create higher cost production than high grade resources , which in turn produces a drag on the economy .
This leads to the conclusion that humans have made several energy transitions before in history and enjoyed growing economies during or after these transitions , but that most of the more successful energy transitions in history were transitions to higher grade energy resources not to lower ones .
Therefore , we are concerned with how successful the next energy transition will be .
We propose three alternative scenarios for the future transition from oil to oil alternatives .
1 . The economy goes to a higher grade resource , creating a successful energy transition .
2 . The economy goes to a lower grade energy resource with better technology , creating a less successful but palatable energy transition .
3 . The economy goes to lower grade energy resources with virtually unchanged technology , creating an unsuccessful energy transition .
The first scenario suggests we go to a higher grade energy resource .
However , the question is , what other high grade resources exist .
Most alternative energy resources such as natural gas have mostly lower grade characteristics .
The only alternative energy resource that might be of higher grade is solar energy or nuclear energy resources , all of which are fields .
Solar energy is hard to store .
This makes solar energy impractical to substitute for oil for transportation and other purposes .
Nuclear energy has other problems .
Nuclear fusion energy , which is the energy of the sun , uses water and would have an extremely high area , weight and volume grade .
However , fusion is only possible in large scale facilities with multi million dollar lazars .
It can therefore only be used for producing electricity on a large scale .
Because of the highly technical and specialized capital , materials and labor it needs , it does not look to be any cheaper an energy resource for producing electricity than coal is currently .
Nuclear fission energy , or conventional nuclear power , also has a high area , volume and weight grade for its energy source of Uranium .
However , Uranium is extremely toxic and difficult to keep contained from the environment , and unless breeder reactors are used , a highly dangerous proposition , then uranium supplies will shortly run low .
Furthermore , conventional nuclear power is too unsafe for using in numerous small scale operations such as running trucks .
The second scenario suggests we go to lower grade resources but with improved technology .
This is like how western civilization has achieved greater productivity in farm production over time due to new technology even though soils are the same .
If technology does advance fast enough , than maybe the negative effects on the economy of going to a lower grade energy resource will be minimized .
The third scenario suggests the worst possible out come , that the world 's economies will endure an unsuccessful energy transition and have very low growth rates or even economic decline .
As the economies go from the high grade resource of oil to lower grade resources , there could be drag on economic productivity .
Whether technology will or will not come through for us is very open to debate .
Concluding Remarks
We believe that many economic epochs in history should not be defined as being caused mostly by epochal innovations , but rather by innovations as well as the change in energy grade to higher grade energy resources .
Furthermore , both technology and high grade energy inputs deserve equal status as causing economic epochs .
The greatest economic epochs seem to occur when there are energy transitions from low grade to high grade energy resources .
The economic intuition behind this is that higher grade energy resources allow for increasing returns to scale since they are either less spread out , more concentrated when in bulk , or more flexible in use .
In our own day , we must eventually move to lower grade energy resources as we slowly run out of oil .
Therefore , we might expect the transition from oil to oil alternatives to be a decisively less successful energy transition than previous energy transitions in history , since all the previous transitions were from low grade to high grade energy resources , and the coming oil transition is from a high energy resource of oil to lower grade energy resources .
Greater technical progress should help our impending energy transition , but certainly we need to expect a lower growth rate during and probably after the next energy transition .
Since industrialized country growth rates seem to be lower after 1973 , the year oil production limits became apparent with high prices , then this could mark the beginning of lower growth rates due to the world 's economies having to transition to lower grade energy resources with their corresponding higher costs of production and lower productivity for the economy .
Footnotes :
1. Cameron , Rondo .
A Concise Economic History of the World . Cambridge University Press , 1989 , p. 187 .
2. Ibid. p. 9 .
3 . The term BTU stands for British Thermal Unit , which is the energy required to heat one gallon of water by one degree fahrenheit .
4. Barnes , Harry Elmer .
An Economic History of the Western World .
New York : Harcourt , Brace & Co. , 1942 , p. 445 .
5. DeVries , John .
The Economy of Europe in an Age of Crisis : 1600 - 1750 .
Cambridge University Press , 1976 , pp. 166,167 .
6. Cipolla , Carlo M.. Before The Industrial Revolution : European Society and Economy , 1000 - 1700 .
W.W. Norton and Company Inc. , N.Y. , 1976 , pp. 266 , 268 .
7. Ashton , Thomas Southeliffe .
Iron and Steel in The industrial Revolution Manchester University Press , 1924 , p. 96 .
8. Ibid. p. 187 .
9. Ibid. p. 96 .
10 . Ibid. p. 6 - 7 .
11 . Raistrick , A.. Dynasty of Ironfounders London 1933 p.148 , in Alan Birch The Economic History of The British Iron and Steel Industry .
Franck Cass and Company Limited , London , 1967 , p. 59 .
12 . Starr , Gary .
The Shocking Truth About Electric Cars . Earth Options , Santa Barbara , California , January 1991 .
13 . Othmer , Donald F.. " Methanol is the Best Way to Bring Alaska Gas to Market " .
Oil and Gas Journal .
November 1 , 1982 p. 84 .
14 . International Energy Agency .
Natural Gas : Prospects to 2000 .
Paris 1982 .
( this post adapted from paper posted here )
Down With Tyranny :
On this slow news day -- a somewhat mournful Independence Day two days after the mask of constitutional government slipped off Bush 's smug face to expose the brutal GOP fascist beast beneath , the Boston Globe unmasks the real Fred Thompson .
Thompson made his bones working as a lawyer for Tennessee Republican Howard Baker during the impeachment hearing for the only American president held in as much disdain as the currently unimpeached one .
But , now it turns out that Thompson was a spy , or a secret mole , for the Nixon criminal clique in the White House .
Everybody is talking about OpenID .
Big players are adopting it .
But should you trust it for things that matter – financial transactions , for example ?
Here ’s an important post from Microsoft ’s identity architect Kim Cameron :
So let ’s think about this .
Where is the root of trust ?
In conventional systems like PKI or SAML or Kerberos , the root of trust is the identity provider .
I trust the identity provider to say something about the subject .
How do I know I ’m hearing from the legitimate identity provider ?
I have some kind of cryptographic key .
The relevant key distribution has a cost – such as that involved in obtaining or issuing public key certificates , or registering with a Key Distribution Center .
But in OpenID , the root of trust is the OpenID URL itself .
What you see is what you get .
In the example above , I trust Francis ’ web page since it represents his thinking and is under his control .
His web page delegates to his OpenID identity provider ( OP ) through the link mechanism in ( 5 ) .
Because of that , I trust his identity provider to speak on behalf of his web page .
How do I know I am looking at his web page or talking to his identity provider ?
By calling them up on DNS .
I ’m delving into the details here because I think this is what gives OpenID its legs .
It is as strong , and as weak , as DNS .
In other words , it is great for transactions that wo n’t attract criminal attack , and terrible for those that will .
And here ’s Cameron ’s conclusion :
OpenID cannot replace crypto-based approaches in which there are trusted authorities rather than trusted web pages .
But it can add a whole new dimension , and bring the “ long tail ” of web sites into the identity fabric .
Note that Cameron is not opposed to OpenID .
Apart from anything else , he recognizes that this may well be the beginning of an identity revolution – part of a process , at the end of which we get a safer , less spam laden , less criminal - infested internet .
At the same time , he ’s right .
The whole OpenID structure hinges on the URL routing to the correct machine on the Internet .
In other words , DNS .
Now do some research on DNS poisoning .
Scary .
Now , it strikes me that you can largely fix this by requiring SSL connections .
In other words , have the OpenID URL be an https :// URL , and have the relying party ( the website where you want to log in ) check for a valid SSL certificate .
Note thought that SSL must be used at every stage .
OpenID lets you use your own URL as the identifier , but redirect to another OpenID identity provider .
Both URLs must use SSL to maintain integrity .
Another idea is to use an OpenID for non-critical logins , however you define those .
Note that this issue is different from the phishing risk , for which CardSpace strikes me as a good solution .
Left : Cross section of the self - healing surface showing that cracks , which initiate at the surface , propagate towards the microchannel openings at the interface ( scale bar=0.5 mm ) .
Right : Optical image of the self - healing structure after cracks are formed in the coating , revealing the presence of excess healing fluid on the coating surface ( scale bar=5 mm )
Everywhere you look , exposed surfaces are cracking .
Asphalt streets are cracked , building facades are cracked , the paint on your house is cracked and flaking - the list is endless .
What if you could have a surface that repaired itself ?
After all , you have a surface that heals itself - your skin .
When you get a cut or a scratch , living cells deep in the living layers of your skin replace the old ones on the surface .
A team of researchers at the University of Illinois have used a technique create a polymer - based system that heals itself .
An epoxy - resin base is infused with a network of interconnected channels about 200 microns in diameter .
The channels are filled with low viscosity healing agent - just like your blood vessels carry healing material to cuts in your skin .
This " vascularized " substrate has a solid epoxy layer deposited on top of it .
A catalyst is incorporated in this solid coating .
When the coating layer is damaged , healing agent wicks from the channels through capillary action .
" Once in the crack plane the healing agent interacts with the catalyst particles in the coating to initiate polymerisation , rebonding the crack faces autonomically .
After a sufficient time period the cracks are healed and the structural integrity of the coating restored .
As cracks reopen under subsequent loading the healing cycle is repeated . "
The idea of a " self - healing " surface is part of a larger set of ideas called " autonomous materials systems . "
The intent is to develop materials that can respond to their environment without additional attention from human beings .
This idea has wide application not only here on Earth , but in space as well .
This week , a torn heat - resistant blanket must be repaired on the space shuttle Atlantis before it can return from orbit .
The tiles on the shuttles also require inspection .
What if it was possible for shuttles to have " skin " that repaired itself when cracked or damaged ?
Researchers are busy creating futuristic materials ; see also
Namib Desert Beetle - Based Moisture Collectors MIT researchers , inspired by the beetle , have created a material that can capture and control tiny amounts of water .
Shape - Shifting Polymers
See the shape - shifting polymers do their thing in the video .
Arachnid Adhesion : The Sticky Feet Of Spiders Scientists from Germany and Switzerland used a scanning electron microscope to find out how they do it - and how humans might make sticky things stickier .
See also this story on an attempt to create an earthquake - proof Nanotech Self - Healing House in Greece .
Read more about the self - healing polymer .
( This Science Fiction in the News story used with permission from Technovelgy.com - where science meets fiction . )
Call it the reading income gap : Children from low - income households average just 25 hours of shared reading time with their parents before starting school , compared with 1,000 to 1,700 hours for their counterparts from middle - income homes .
These oft - repeated numbers originate in a 1990 book by Marilyn Jager Adams titled , " Beginning to Read : Thinking And Learning About Print . "
Ms. Adams got the 25 - hours estimate from a study of 24 children in 22 low - income families .
For the middle - income figures , she extrapolated from the experience ...
While the Gadhafi Foundation has said it was brokering an agreement with the children ’s families to resolve the case , there have been continuing signals that the families would not easily be placated .
“ We are awaiting the execution of the death sentence , ” the families ’ lawyer , Al - Monseif Khalifa , said in Tripoli today , according to Reuters , which noted that members of 20 of the families demonstrated outside the court .
Analysts said that part of the problem was that Mr. Gadhafi is not popular in Benghazi , analysts said , and his government may not feel that it is in a position to reverse a death sentence that is widely viewed as just and proper there .
The convoluted case began nearly a decade ago , in 1998 , before Bulgaria was a member of the European Union and before Mr. Gadhafi renounced terrorism .
At a time of economic upheaval and rapid inflation in Bulgaria , the five nurses , who were then in their late 30s and 40s , signed contracts to work at Benghazi Children ’s Hospital for mundane reasons : to buy an apartment or to put a daughter through college .
The Palestinian doctor had grown up in Libya .
The six were arrested in 1999 .
In the initial indictment , which reads like a spy novel , Libyan prosecutors claimed that the nurses intentionally infected the children as part of a plot by Mossad , the Israeli secret service , to undermine the Libyan state .
Prosecutors claimed that the nurses confessed to the crime , and that investigators had found vials of tainted blood in one of the nurses ’ rooms .
For their part , the nurses said they were tortured and raped while in custody , in order to extract confessions from them .
In 2001 , two of the world ’s foremost AIDS experts , Dr. Luc Montagnier of France and Dr. Vittorio Colizzi of Italy , were invited by the Gadhafi Foundation to study the evidence and were granted wide access to the hospital .
They concluded that poor sanitary practices — such as the transfusion of unsafe blood products — had led to the spread of the AIDS virus , and added that medical records indicated that some of the children had AIDS before the accused nurses arrived in Libya .
Libyan authorities refused to provide the scientists with the vial of blood used in evidence .
Last year , more than 100 Nobel laureates signed a petition asking Libya to release the nurses and the doctor .
The petition was delivered by hand to Moammar Gaddafi .
Reached by phone today , several member of the group said they had agreed not to discuss the case until later this week , or until there was a ruling from the Supreme Judicial Council .
Dr. Colizzi , who has visited the hospital in Benghazi several times over the last few years to help develop treatment programs there , said today , “ I think all we can say for now it that this is incredible , really incredible . ”
A self - interpreter is a programming language interpreter written in the language it interprets .
Interpreters are written in some other existing language and then later converted to the language they interpret .
In these cases the early mock - ups can be used to develop the source code of the interpreter .
Once the system is bootstrapped , new versions of the interpreter can be developed in the language itself .
There are many ways of bootstrapping ; such as 1 ) implementing an interpreter or compiler for language X in language Y , 2 ) another interpreter or compiler for X has already been written in another language Y , 3 ) earlier versions of the compiler were written in a subset of X for which there existed some other compile , 4 ) the compiler for X is cross compiled from another architecture where there exists a compiler for X , 5 ) writing the compiler in X ; then hand - compiling it from source ( most likely in a non-optimized way ) and running that on the code to get an optimized compiler .
Donald Knuth used this for his WEB literate programming system .
( WEB by the way again proves the very close approximation of text or document processing and programming tools , WEB is based on the idea that one could create software as works of literature , by embedding source code inside descriptive text , rather than the reverse as is common practice in most programming languages .
It consists of two primary programs : TANGLE , which produces compilable Pascal code from the source texts , and WEAVE , which produces nicely - formatted , printable documentation using TeX . )
A meta -circular interpreter is a special case of a self - interpreter in which the existing facilities of the parent interpreter are directly applied to the source code being interpreted , without any need for additional parsing .
Meta - circular evaluation is only possible in homoiconic languages .
In computer programming , homoiconicity is a property of some programming languages , in which the primary representation of programs is also a data structure primitive type of the language itself , from homo meaning the same and icon meaning representation .
Lisp is one of family of homoiconic programming languages .
Again from a Wikipedia article I found an evidence in case for text handling ( Document Processing ) being the major motivator of ideas in compilation and interpretation .
In the paper Macro Instruction Extensions of Compiler Languages , and according to the early and influential paper the TRAC , A Text - Handling Language , the main designing goal of the system was that the input script of TRAC ( what is typed in by the user ) should be identical to the text which guides the internal action of the TRAC processor …
Lisp is " homoiconic " in that its internal and external representations are essentially the same .
Consider the following meta circular interpreter of Lisp in Lisp , taken from paul graham ’s site
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
; The Lisp defined in McCarthy ’s 1960 paper , translated into CL .
; Assumes only quote , atom , eq , cons , car , cdr , cond .
; Bug reports to lispcode@paulgraham.com .
( defun null . ( x )
( eq x ‘ ( ) ) )
( defun and .
( x y )
( cond ( x ( cond ( y ‘t ) ( ‘t ‘ ( ) ) ) )
( ‘t ‘( ) ) ) )
( defun not . ( x )
( cond ( x ‘( ) )
( ‘t ‘ t ) ) )
( defun append . ( x y )
( cond ( ( null . x ) y )
( ‘t ( cons ( car x ) ( append . ( cdr x ) y ) ) ) ) )
( defun list .
( x y )
( cons x ( cons y ‘ ( ) ) ) )
( defun pair . ( x y )
( cond (( and . ( null . x ) ( null . y ) ) ‘( ) )
(( and . ( not. ( atom x ) ) ( not. ( atom y ) ) )
( cons ( list . ( car x ) ( car y ) )
( pair . ( cdr x ) ( cdr y ) ) ) ) ) )
( defun assoc . ( x y )
( cond ( ( eq ( caar y ) x ) ( cadar y ) )
( ‘t ( assoc. x ( cdr y ) ) ) ) )
( defun eval . ( e a )
( cond
(( atom e ) ( assoc. e a ) )
(( atom ( car e ) )
( cond
( ( eq ( car e ) ‘ quote ) ( cadr e ) )
( ( eq ( car e ) ‘ atom ) ( atom ( eval . ( cadr e ) a ) ) )
( ( eq ( car e ) ‘ eq ) ( eq ( eval . ( cadr e ) a )
( eval . ( caddr e ) a ) ) )
( ( eq ( car e ) ‘ car ) ( car ( eval . ( cadr e ) a ) ) )
( ( eq ( car e ) ‘ cdr ) ( cdr ( eval . ( cadr e ) a ) ) )
( ( eq ( car e ) ‘ cons ) ( cons ( eval . ( cadr e ) a )
( eval . ( caddr e ) a ) ) )
( ( eq ( car e ) ‘ cond ) ( evcon . ( cdr e ) a ) )
( ‘t ( eval . ( cons ( assoc. ( car e ) a )
( cdr e ) )
a ) ) ) )
( ( eq ( caar e ) ‘ label )
( eval .
( cons ( caddar e ) ( cdr e ) )
( cons ( list . ( cadar e ) ( car e ) ) a ) ) )
( ( eq ( caar e ) ‘ lambda )
( eval . ( caddar e )
( append . ( pair . ( cadar e ) ( evlis . ( cdr e ) a ) )
a ) ) ) ) )
( defun evcon . ( c a )
( cond ( ( eval . ( caar c ) a )
( eval . ( cadar c ) a ) )
( ‘t ( evcon . ( cdr c ) a ) ) ) )
( defun evlis . ( m a )
( cond ( ( null . m ) ‘( ) )
( ‘t ( cons ( eval . ( car m ) a )
( evlis . ( cdr m ) a ) ) ) ) )
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
One advantage of homoiconicity is that extending the language with new concepts typically becomes simpler , as data representing code can be passed between the meta and base layer of the program .
This is how CLOS ( Common Lisp Object System ) and MOP came into being .
A metaobject protocol ( MOP ) is an interpreter of the semantics of a program that is open and extensible .
Therefore , a MOP determines what a program means and what its behavior is , and it is extensible in that a programmer can alter program behavior by extending parts of the MOP .
The MOP exposes some or all internal structure of the interpreter to the programmer .
The MOP may manifest as a set of classes and methods that allow a program to inspect the state of the supporting system and alter its behaviour .
MOPs are implemented as object - oriented programs where all objects are metaobjects .
MOPs may be runtime or compile time .
The metaobjects of runtime MOPs exist while the program itself is executed .
The metaobjects of compile - time MOPs , however , exist only when the program is compiled .
They may alter or extend the compiling process , but do not exist when the program is running .
One of the the best - known runtime MOPs is the one described in the book The Art of the Metaobject Protocol ; it applies to the ( CLOS ) and allows the mechanisms of inheritance , method dispatch , class instantiation and so on to be manipulated .
CLOS features multiple inheritance , multiple dispatch ( " multimethods " ) , and a powerful system of " method combinations " .
Consider the following features of MOP in pseudo - Java syntax as explained here .
before and after methods
CLOS provides a feature called method combination .
For every method it is possible to define a method that is executed immediately before the primary method is executed ( called the method ’s before - method ) , and a method that is executed after the primary method ( the after - method ) .
These methods can also be defined in subclasses .
An example is given in listing 5 .
LISTING 5
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
01 class Shape {
02 public void paint ( ) {
03 // paint shape
04 }
05 }
06
07 class ColoredShape extends Shape {
08 public before void paint ( ) {
09 // set brush color
10 }
11 }
12
13 class Test {
14 public void run ( ) {
15 Shape shape = new Shape ( ) ;
16 shape.paint( ) ;
17 Shape shape2 = new ColoredShape ( ) ;
18 shape2.paint ( ) ;
19 }
20 }
In line 16 the Test class calls the paint ( ) method of a Shape object .
The effect is , that Shape.paint( ) is called .
In line 18 , when shape2.paint ( ) is called , the before method of the Colored Shape class is invoked before the superclass ’s paint ( ) method is called .
It is interesting to see that an after - method does not influence the primary method ’s return value .
If a class has multiple levels of parents , the invocation semantics of a method are as follows :
execute all before - methods of the class and of all parent classes
execute the primary method
execute all after - methods of the class and of all parent classes
Because of the given execution order , before - methods are often used to do error checking ( precondition validation ) or to do preparative work , and after - methods can be used to clear up the environment ( and to ensure postconditions ) .
AOP introduces the very same features :
They are called before advises and after advises .
The connection to AOP \ FOP is somewhat evident .
From Raganwald ’s entry , “ While meta - programming , you are working on two tiers either simultaneously or alternately : you work on expressing your solution in your solution language , and you work on the implementation ( whether that be fun stuff like making it expressive or plumbing stuff like making it fast enough to be practical ) in your implementation language . ”
And yes , eclipse does something similar even though java has no self interpreter , by manipulating the AST .
But in LISP the program is the AST .
How simply and in far fetching manner this fact could be exploited we know from Genetic Programming .
Opinion
WANING INFLUENCE / Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice finds that her star is fading
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , sits by herself in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , Monday , July 16 , 2007 , during a meeting between President Bush and Polish President Lech Kaczynski .
( AP Photo / Pablo Martinez Monsivais ) less Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , sits by herself in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , Monday , July 16 , 2007 , during a meeting between President Bush and Polish President Lech Kaczynski .
( AP ... more Photo : Pablo Martinez Monsivais Photo : Pablo Martinez Monsivais Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close WANING INFLUENCE / Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice finds that her star is fading 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
I remember the heady days for Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
About 2 1/ 2 years ago , when she was new in office , I accompanied her on her first trip around the world , with stops in India , Pakistan , Afghanistan , South Korea , Japan and China .
Crowds gathered to see her limousine drive past ; people whistled , waved and cheered .
Interviewers routinely asked her whether she was planning to run for president .
One TV reporter in India told her she was " arguably the most powerful woman in the world . "
She chuckled but did not exactly agree -- or disagree .
How things change .
A few months ago , she decided to write an opinion piece about Lebanon .
She enlisted John Chambers , chief executive officer of Cisco Systems as a co-author , and they wrote about public / private partnerships and how they might be of use in rebuilding Lebanon after last summer 's war .
No one would publish it .
Think about that .
Every one of the major newspapers approached refused to publish an essay by the secretary of state .
Price Floyd , who was the State Department 's director of media affairs until recently , recalls that it was sent to the Wall Street Journal , the New York Times and perhaps other papers before the department finally tried a foreign publication , the Financial Times of London , which also turned it down .
As a last - ditch strategy , the State Department briefly considered translating the article into Arabic and trying a Lebanese paper .
But finally they just gave up .
" I kept hearing the same thing : ' There 's no news in this . ' " Floyd said .
The piece , he said , was littered with glowing references to President Bush 's wise leadership .
" It read like a campaign document . "
Floyd left the State Department on April 1 , after 17 years .
He said he was fed up with the relentless partisanship and the unwillingness to consider other points of view .
His supervisor , a political appointee , kept " telling me to shut up , " he said .
Nothing like that had occurred under Presidents Bill Clinton or George H.W. Bush .
" They just wanted us to be Bush automatons . "
Does that sound familiar ?
Earlier this month , former Surgeon General Richard Carmona told Congress that Bush administration officials had repeatedly tried to weaken or suppress important public health reports because they clashed with administration dogma .
He said he was ordered to mention Bush three times on every page of his speeches .
Floyd 's experience shows that the same close - minded zealotry afflicting many departments of government under Bush has descended on the State Department , too .
In effect , as Rice 's power and influence has waned along with Bush 's , intolerance and monomania have taken its place .
Rice did have her moment .
But little came of it .
Under her predecessor , Colin Powell , major foreign policy decisions were made at the White House or Defense Department .
The neo - conservative heavyweights -- Vice President Dick Cheney , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz , among others -- set the policies in Iran and Iraq , North Korea and Israel .
Powell left frustrated .
But Rice came into office with Bush 's inarguable support ; she wore their close relationship on her sleeve .
And , for awhile , that worked for her .
She called mini-summits on Iraq , Israel and other topics .
Everyone showed up .
In many countries , she met with the president instead of her bureaucratic counterpart , the foreign minister .
Wherever she went , she was a star .
But what has she accomplished ?
Iraq has slid far downhill in the past 2 1/2 years .
Iran is no closer to giving up its nuclear development program than when she took office .
Even though the Bush administration has done more than any other country to help the victims in Darfur , the carnage there continues unabated .
Last week , the Sudanese government began bombing Darfur civilians again .
Relations with Russia , her area of speciality , have steadily worsened ; a week ago , Russia dropped out of a key arms control treaty .
Hugo Chavez , president of Venezuela , has evolved from an irritant to a menace as he moves to nationalize Venezuela 's oil industry .
Despite many visits to Israel and the Palestinian territories , she has had no appreciable impact on events there .
North Korea has shut down its nuclear reactor .
That 's an accomplishment .
But I give most credit to Christopher Hill , the assistant secretary of state who continued pushing for a diplomatic solution even as administration hardliners disparaged his work .
Hill despised them , and ultimately outlasted them .
From his new position at the American Enterprise Institute , John Bolton , the former U.N. ambassador , continues to call for " repudiation of the Feb. 13 deal " that Hill negotiated .
But now Bolton is powerless .
Where does that leave Rice ?
" I think there is nothing they can do now , " Floyd argues .
" It 's too late .
The negatives , " primarily Iraq , " are too big .
They take all the oxygen out of the room . "
Yesterday , someone was looking around at Lava Fields in northern California , and came up with his first discovery of a plane in flight .
Only , this one was a really BIG find : a KC - 135 refueling a C - 5 Galaxy in mid-air !
It was posted by someone called “ Helomech ” at the Google Earth Community ( GEC ) .
This is a fantastic find and is on a par with the Lancaster bomber found flying in the UK .
The refueling shot is a satellite photo .
The “ blue ghost ” double image is actually an artifact of the satellite photo and is due to the motion of the two planes .
In fact , if you look closely at cars on highways in satellite photos , you will sometimes see these ghost images for those moving objects as well .
The distance of the ghosts from the actual objects is an indicator of speed .
Those of you who …
Those of you who are regular readers know one of my Google Earth hobbies is to look for aerial or satellite photos which have captured planes in flight .
There are actually a number of people at the Google Earth Community who share this hobby , and there is a “ database ” of placemarks which show all of the planes in flight found to date .
The placemark collection is constantly changing because Google updates the imagery database on a regular basis .
If you find a plane in flight ( or planes ) , you should check first to see if its already in the database .
Here is a network link for the database of all the known planes in flight around the world .
[ NOTE : someone just pointed out to me a farmer has cut out “ USA BUSH ” in giant letters in a corn field just to the northwest of these two planes .
See it here .
You ’ll need to have “ historical imagery ” turned on to see the letters ]
Related :
Whether you 're a Democrat , Republican or Independent , this countdown clock will let you know how much time is left in the Bush presidency .
Story Options : Related Discuss Share Print
Tags
A state is a territorial monopolist of compulsion , an agency which may engage in continual , institutionalized property rights violations and the exploitation of private property owners through expropriation , taxation , and regulation .
But how do states come into existence ?
There are two theories on the origin of states .
One view is associated with names such as Franz Oppenheimer , Alexander Ruestow , and Albert Jay Nock , and claims that states originated as the result of the military conquest of one group by another .
This is the theory of the exogeneous origin of the state .
But this view has been severely criticized on historical as well as theoretical grounds by ethnographers and anthropologists such as Wilhelm Muehlmann .
These critics point out that not all states originated from external conquest .
Indeed , critics consider the view that the very first states were the result of nomadic herdsmen superimposing themselves on settled farmers as chronologically false .
Moreover , this view suffers theoretically from the problem that conquest itself seems to presuppose a state - like organization among the conquerors .
Hence , the exogeneous origin of states requires a more fundamental theory of the endogeneous origin of the state .
Such a theory has been presented by Bertrand de Jouvenel .
According to his view , states are the outgrowth of natural elites : the natural outcome of voluntary transactions between private property owners is non-egalitarian , hierarchical , and elitist .
In every society , a few individuals acquire the status of an elite through talent .
Due to superior achievements of wealth , wisdom , and bravery , these individuals come to possess natural authority , and their opinions and judgments enjoy wide - spread respect .
Moreover , because of selective mating , marriage , and the laws of civil and genetic inheritance , positions of natural authority are likely to be passed on within a few noble families .
It is to the heads of these families with long - established records of superior achievement , farsightedness , and exemplary personal conduct that men turn with their conflicts and complaints against each other .
These leaders of the natural elite act as judges and peacemakers , often free of charge out of a sense of duty expected of a person of authority or out of concern for civil justice as a privately produced " public good . "
The small but decisive step in the transition to a state consists precisely of the monopolization of the function of judge and peacemaker .
This occurred once a single member of the voluntarily acknowledged natural elite was able to insist , despite the opposition of other members of the elite , that all conflicts within a specified territory be brought before him .
Conflicting parties could no longer choose any other judge or peacemaker .
Origin of Monarchy
Once the origin of a state is seen as the outgrowth of a prior , hierarchically structured order of natural elites , it becomes clear why mankind , insofar as it was subject to government at all , has been under monarchical ( rather than democratic ) rule for most of its history .
There have been exceptions , of course : Athenian democracy , Rome until 31 BC , the republics of Venice , Florence , and Genoa during the Renaissance , the Swiss cantons since 1291 , the United Provinces ( the Netherlands ) from 1648 until 1673 , and England under Cromwell .
But these were rare occurrences , and none of them remotely resembled modern , one - man - one - vote democratic systems .
Rather , they too were highly elitist .
In Athens , for instance , no more than 5 % of the population voted and was eligible for positions of rulership .
It was not until after the end of World War I that mankind truly left the monarchical age .
Power Monopolized
From the moment when a single member of the natural elite successfully monopolized the function of judge and peacemaker , law and law enforcement became more expensive .
Instead of being offered free of charge or in exchange for voluntary payment , it was financed by a compulsory tax .
At the same time , the quality of law deteriorated .
Rather than upholding ancient private property laws and applying universal and immutable principles of justice , a monopolistic judge , who did not have to fear losing clients as the result of being less than impartial , would pervert the existing law to his own advantage .
How was this small yet decisive step of monopolizing law and order by a king , which predictably led to higher prices and a lower quality of justice , possible ?
Certainly , other members of the natural elite would resist any such attempt .
Yet this is why the eventual kings typically aligned themselves with the " people " or the " common man . "
Appealing to the always popular sentiment of envy , kings promised the people cheaper and better justice in exchange for and at the expense of taxing — cutting down to size — their own betters ( the king 's competitors . )
Second , kings enlisted the help of the class of intellectuals .
Role of Intellectuals
The demand for intellectual services could be expected to grow with increasing standards of living .
However , most people are concerned with rather earthly and mundane affairs , and have little use for intellectual endeavors .
Apart from the Church , the only people with a demand for the services of intellectuals were members of the natural elite — as teachers for their children , personal advisors , secretaries , and librarians .
Employment for intellectuals was precarious and payment typically low .
Furthermore , while the members of the natural elite were only rarely intellectuals themselves ( i.e. , people spending all of their time on scholarly pursuits ) but were instead people concerned with the conduct of earthly enterprises , they were typically at least as bright as their intellectual employees , so the esteem for the achievements of " their " intellectuals was only modest .
It is hardly surprising , then , that intellectuals , suffering from a greatly inflated self - image , resented this fact .
How unjust that those — the natural elites — who were taught by them were actually their superiors and led a comfortable life while they — the intellectuals — were comparatively poor and dependent .
It is also no wonder that intellectuals could be won over easily by a king in his attempt to establish himself as the monopolist of justice .
In exchange for their ideological justification of monarchical rule , the king could not only offer them better and higher - status employment , but as royal court intellectuals they finally could pay the natural elites back for their lack of respect .
Still , the improvement of the position of the intellectual class was only moderate .
Under monarchical rule , there was a clear - cut distinction between the ruler ( the king ) and the ruled , and the ruled knew that they could never become ruler .
Accordingly , there was considerable resistance not only by the natural elites but also by the common people against any increase in the king 's power .
It was thus extremely difficult for the king to raise taxes , and the employment opportunities for intellectuals remained highly limited .
In addition , once safely entrenched , the king did not treat his intellectuals much better than did the natural elites .
And given that a king controlled larger territories than natural elites ever did , to fall out of his favor was even more dangerous and made the intellectuals ' position in some ways more capricious .
An inspection of the biographies of leading intellectuals — from Shakespeare to Goethe , from Descartes to Locke , from Marx to Spencer — shows roughly the same pattern : until well into the 19th century , their work was sponsored by private donors , members of the natural elite , princes , or kings .
Falling in or out of favor with their sponsors , they frequently changed employment and were geographically highly mobile .
While this often meant financial insecurity , it contributed not only to a unique cosmopolitanism of intellectuals ( as indicated by their proficiency in numerous languages , ) but also to an unusual intellectual independence .
If one donor or sponsor no longer supported them , many others existed who would happily fill the gap .
Indeed , intellectual and cultural life flourished the most , and the independence of intellectuals was the greatest , where the position of the king or the central government was relatively weak and that of the natural elites had remained relatively strong .
Rise of Democracy
A fundamental change in the relationship between the state , natural elites , and intellectuals only occurred with the transition from monarchical to democratic rule .
It was the inflated price of justice and the perversions of ancient law by kings as monopolistic judges and peacekeepers that motivated the historical opposition against monarchy .
But confusion as to the causes of this phenomenon prevailed .
There were those who recognized correctly that the problem was with monopoly , not with elites or nobility .
However , they were far outnumbered by those who erroneously blamed the elitist character of the ruler for the problem , and who advocated maintaining the monopoly of law and law enforcement and merely replacing the king and the highly visible royal pomp with the " people " and the presumed decency of the " common man . "
Hence the historic success of democracy .
How ironic that monarchism was destroyed by the same social forces that kings had first stimulated and enlisted when they began to exclude competing natural authorities from acting as judges : the envy of the common men against their betters , and the desire of the intellectuals for their allegedly deserved place in society .
When the king 's promises of better and cheaper justice turned out to be empty , intellectuals turned the egalitarian sentiments the kings had previously courted against the monarchical rulers themselves .
Accordingly , it appeared logical that kings , too , should be brought down and that the egalitarian policies , which monarchs had initiated , should be carried through to their ultimate conclusion : the monopolistic control of the judiciary by the common man .
To the intellectuals , this meant by them , as the people 's spokesmen .
As elementary economic theory could predict , with the transition from monarchical to democratic one - man - one - vote rule and the substitution of the people for the king , matters became worse .
The price of justice rose astronomically while the quality of law constantly deteriorated .
For what this transition boiled down to was a system of private government ownership — a private monopoly — being replaced by a system of public government ownership — a publicly owned monopoly .
A " tragedy of the commons " was created .
Everyone , not just the king , was now entitled to try to grab everyone else 's private property .
The consequences were more government exploitation ( taxation ) ; the deterioration of law to the point where the idea of a body of universal and immutable principles of justice disappeared and was replaced by the idea of law as legislation ( made , rather than found and eternally " given " law ) ; and an increase in the social rate of time preference ( increased present - orientation ) .
A king owned the territory and could hand it on to his son , and thus tried to preserve its value .
A democratic ruler was and is a temporary caretaker and thus tries to maximize current government income of all sorts at the expense of capital values , and thus wastes .
Here are some of the consequences : during the monarchical age before World War I , government expenditure as a percent of GNP was rarely higher than 5 % .
Since then it has typically risen to around 50 % .
Prior to World War I , government employment was typically less than 3 % of total employment .
Since then it has increased to between 15 and 20 % .
The monarchical age was characterized by a commodity money ( gold ) and the purchasing power of money gradually increased .
In contrast , the democratic age is the age of paper money whose purchasing power has permanently decreased .
Kings went deeper and deeper into debt , but at least during peacetime they typically reduced their debt load .
During the democratic era government debt has increased in war and in peace to incredible heights .
Real interest rates during the monarchical age had gradually fallen to somewhere around 2 ½ % .
Since then , real interest rates ( nominal rates adjusted for inflation ) have risen to somewhere around 5 % — equal to 15th - century rates .
Legislation virtually did not exist until the end of the 19th century .
Today , in a single year , tens of thousands of laws and regulations are passed .
Savings rates are declining instead of increasing with increasing incomes , and indicators of family disintegration and crime are moving constantly upward .
Fate of Natural Elites
While the state fared much better under democratic rule , and while the " people " have fared much worse since they began to rule " themselves , " what about the natural elites and the intellectuals ?
As regards the former , democratization has succeeded where kings made only a modest beginning : in the ultimate destruction of the natural elite and nobility .
The fortunes of the great families have dissipated through confiscatory taxes , during life and at the time of death .
These families ' tradition of economic independence , intellectual farsightedness , and moral and spiritual leadership have been lost and forgotten .
Rich men exist today , but more frequently than not they owe their fortunes directly or indirectly to the state .
Hence , they are often more dependent on the state 's continued favors than many people of far - lesser wealth .
They are typically no longer the heads of long - established leading families , but " nouveaux riches . "
Their conduct is not characterized by virtue , wisdom , dignity , or taste , but is a reflection of the same proletarian mass - culture of present - orientation , opportunism , and hedonism that the rich and famous now share with everyone else .
Consequently — and thank goodness — their opinions carry no more weight in public opinion than most other people's .
Democracy has achieved what Keynes only dreamt of : the " euthanasia of the rentier class . "
Keynes 's statement that " in the long run we are all dead " accurately expresses the democratic spirit of our times : present - oriented hedonism .
Although it is perverse not to think beyond one 's own life , such thinking has become typical .
Instead of ennobling the proletarians , democracy has proletarianized the elites and has systematically perverted the thinking and judgment of the masses .
Fate of Intellectuals
On the other hand , while the natural elites were being destroyed , intellectuals assumed a more prominent and powerful position in society .
Indeed , to a large extent they have achieved their goal and have become the ruling class , controlling the state and functioning as monopolistic judge .
This is not to say that democratically elected politicians are all intellectuals ( although there are certainly more intellectuals nowadays who become president than there were intellectuals who became king . )
After all , it requires somewhat different skills and talents to be an intellectual than it does to have mass - appeal and be a successful fundraiser .
But even the non-intellectuals are the products of indoctrination by tax - funded schools , universities , and publicly employed intellectuals , and almost all of their advisors are drawn from this pool .
There are almost no economists , philosophers , historians , or social theorists of rank employed privately by members of the natural elite .
And those few of the old elite who remain and who might have purchased their services can no longer afford intellectuals financially .
Instead , intellectuals are now typically public employees , even if they work for nominally private institutions or foundations .
Almost completely protected from the vagaries of consumer demand ( " tenured " ) , their number has dramatically increased and their compensation is on average far above their genuine market value .
At the same time the quality of their intellectual output has constantly fallen .
What you will discover is mostly irrelevance and incomprehensibility .
Worse , insofar as today 's intellectual output is at all relevant and comprehensible , it is viciously statist .
There are exceptions , but if practically all intellectuals are employed in the multiple branches of the state , then it should hardly come as a surprise that most of their ever - more voluminous output will , either by commission or omission , be statist propaganda .
There are more propagandists of democratic rule around today than there were ever propagandists of monarchical rule in all of human history .
This seemingly unstoppable drift toward statism is illustrated by the fate of the so - called Chicago School : Milton Friedman , his predecessors , and his followers .
In the 1930s and 1940s , the Chicago School was still considered left - fringe , and justly so , considering that Friedman , for instance , advocated a central bank and paper money instead of a gold standard .
He wholeheartedly endorsed the principle of the welfare state with his proposal of a guaranteed minimum income ( negative income tax ) on which he could not set a limit .
He advocated a progressive income tax to achieve his explicitly egalitarian goals ( and he personally helped implement the withholding tax ) .
Friedman endorsed the idea that the State could impose taxes to fund the production of all goods that had a positive neighborhood effect or which he thought would have such an effect .
This implies , of course , that there is almost nothing that the state can not tax - fund !
In addition , Friedman and his followers were proponents of the shallowest of all shallow philosophies : ethical and epistemological relativism .
There is no such thing as ultimate moral truths and all of our factual , empirical knowledge is at best only hypothetically true .
Yet they never doubted that there must be a state , and that the state must be democratic .
Today , half a century later , the Chicago - Friedman school , without having essentially changed any of its positions , is regarded as right - wing and free - market .
Indeed , the school defines the borderline of respectable opinion on the political Right , which only extremists cross .
Such is the magnitude of the change in public opinion that public employees have brought about .
Consider further indicators of the statist deformation brought about by the intellectuals .
If one takes a look at election statistics , one will by and large find the following picture : the longer a person spends in educational institutions , someone with a PhD , for instance , as compared to someone with only a BA , the more likely it is that this person will be ideologically statist and vote Democrat .
Moreover , the higher the amount of taxes used to fund education , the lower SAT scores and similar measurements of intellectual performance will fall , and I suspect even further will the traditional standards of moral behavior and civil conduct decline .
Or consider the following indicator : in 1994 it was called a " revolution " and Speaker of the House , Newt Gingrich , was called a " revolutionary " when he endorsed the New Deal and Social Security , and praised civil rights legislation , i.e. , the affirmative action and forced integration which is responsible for the almost complete destruction of private property rights , and the erosion of freedom of contract , association , and disassociation .
What kind of a revolution is it where the revolutionaries have wholeheartedly accepted the statist premises and causes of the present disaster ?
Obviously , this can only be labeled a revolution in an intellectual environment that is statist to the core .
History & Ideas
The situation appears hopeless , but it is not so .
First , it must be recognized that the situation can hardly continue forever .
The democratic age can hardly be " the end of history , " as the neoconservatives want us to believe , for there is also an economic side to the process .
Market interventions will inevitably cause more of the problems they are supposed to cure , which leads to more and more controls and regulations until we finally reach full - blown socialism .
If the current trend continues , it can safely be predicted that the democratic welfare state of the West will eventually collapse as did the " people 's republics " of the East in the late 1980s .
For decades , real incomes in the West have stagnated or even fallen .
Government debt and the cost of the " social insurance " schemes have brought on the prospect of an economic meltdown .
At the same time , social conflict has risen to dangerous heights .
Perhaps one will have to wait for an economic collapse before the current statist trend changes .
But even in the case of a collapse , something else is necessary .
A breakdown would not automatically result in a roll - back of the State .
Matters could become worse .
In fact , in recent Western history , there are only two clear - cut instances where the powers of the central government were actually reduced , even if only temporarily , as the result of a catastrophe : in West Germany after World War II under Ludwig Erhard , and in Chile under General Pinochet .
What is necessary , besides a crisis , is ideas — correct ideas — and men capable of understanding and implementing them once the opportunity arises .
But if the course of history is not inevitable ( and it is not ) then a catastrophe is neither necessary nor unavoidable .
Ultimately , the course of history is determined by ideas , be they true or false , and by men acting upon and being inspired by true or false ideas .
Only so long as false ideas rule is a catastrophe unavoidable .
On the other hand , once correct ideas are adopted and prevail in public opinion — and ideas can , in principle , be changed almost instantaneously — a catastrophe will not have to occur at all .
Role of Intellectuals
This brings me to the role intellectuals must play in the necessary radical and fundamental change in public opinion , and the role that members of the natural elites , or whatever is left of them , will also have to play .
The demands on both sides are high , yet as high as they are , to prevent a catastrophe or to emerge successfully from it , these demands will have to be accepted by both as their natural duty .
Even if most intellectuals have been corrupted and are largely responsible for the present perversities , it is impossible to achieve an ideological revolution without their help .
The rule of the public intellectuals can only be broken by anti-intellectual intellectuals .
Fortunately , the ideas of individual liberty , private property , freedom of contract and association , personal responsibility and liability , and government power as the primary enemy of liberty and property , will not die out as long as there is a human race , simply because they are true and the truth supports itself .
Moreover , the books of past thinkers who expressed these ideas will not disappear .
However , it is also necessary that there be living thinkers who read such books and who can remember , restate , reapply , sharpen , and advance these ideas , and who are capable and willing to give them personal expression and openly oppose , attack , and refute their fellow intellectuals .
Of these two requirements — intellectual competency and character — the second is the more important , especially in these times .
From a purely intellectual point of view , matters are comparatively easy .
Most of the statist arguments that we hear day in and out are easily refuted as more or less economic nonsense .
It is also not rare to encounter intellectuals who in private do not believe what they proclaim with great fanfare in public .
They do not simply err .
They deliberately say and write things they know to be untrue .
They do not lack intellect ; they lack morals .
This in turn implies that one must be prepared not only to fight falsehood but also evil — and this is a much more difficult and daring task .
In addition to better knowledge , it requires courage .
As an anti-intellectual intellectual , one can expect bribes to be offered — and it is amazing how easily some people can be corrupted : a few hundred dollars , a nice trip , a photo - op with the mighty and powerful are all too often sufficient to make people sell out .
Such temptations must be rejected as contemptible .
Moreover , in fighting evil , one must be willing to accept that one will probably never be " successful . "
There are no riches in store , no magnificent promotions , no professional prestige .
In fact , intellectual " fame " should be regarded with utmost suspicion .
Indeed , not only does one have to accept that he will be marginalized by the academic establishment , but he will have to expect that his colleagues will try almost anything to ruin him .
Just look at Ludwig von Mises and Murray N. Rothbard .
The two greatest economists and social philosophers of the 20th century were both essentially unacceptable and unemployable by the academic establishment .
Yet throughout their lives , they never gave in , not one inch .
They never lost their dignity or even succumbed to pessimism .
On the contrary , in the face of constant adversity , they remained undaunted and even cheerful , and worked at a mind - boggling level of productivity .
They were satisfied in being devoted to the truth and nothing but the truth .
Role of Natural Elites
It is here that what is left of the natural elites comes into play .
True intellectuals , like Mises and Rothbard , can not do what they need to do without the natural elites .
Despite all obstacles , it was possible for Mises and Rothbard to make themselves heard .
They were not condemned to silence .
They still taught and published .
They still addressed audiences and inspired people with their insights and ideas .
This would not have been possible without the support of others .
Mises had Lawrence Fertig and the William Volker Fund , which paid his salary at NYU , and Rothbard had The Ludwig von Mises Institute , which supported him , helped publish and promote his books , and provided the institutional framework that allowed him to say and write what needed to be said and written , and that can no longer be said and written inside academia and the official , statist establishment media .
Once upon a time , in the pre-democratic age , when the spirit of egalitarianism had not yet destroyed most men of independent wealth and independent minds and judgments , this task of supporting unpopular intellectuals was taken on by individuals .
But who can nowadays afford , single - handedly , to employ an intellectual privately , as his personal secretary , advisor , or teacher of his children ?
And those who still can are more often than not deeply involved in the ever more corrupt big government - big business alliance , and they promote the very same intellectual cretins who dominate statist academia .
Just think of Rockefeller and Kissinger , for instance .
Hence , the task of supporting and keeping alive the truths of private property , freedom of contract and association and disassociation , personal responsibility , and of fighting falsehoods , lies , and the evil of statism , relativism , moral corruption , and irresponsibility can nowadays only be taken on collectively by pooling resources and supporting organizations like the Mises Institute , an independent organization dedicated to the values underlying Western civilization , uncompromising and far removed even physically from the corridors of power .
Its program of scholarships , teaching , publications , and conferences is nothing less than an island of moral and intellectual decency in a sea of perversion .
To be sure , the first obligation of any decent person is to himself and his family .
He should — in the free market — make as much money as he possibly can , because the more money he makes , the more beneficial he has been to his fellow man .
But that is not enough .
An intellectual must be committed to the truth , whether or not it pays off in the short run .
Similarly , the natural elite have obligations that extend far beyond themselves and their families .
The more successful they are as businessmen and professionals , and the more others recognize them as successful , the more important it is that they set an example : that they strive to live up to the highest standards of ethical conduct .
This means accepting as their duty , indeed as their noble duty , to support openly , proudly , and as generously as they possibly can the values that they have recognized as right and true .
They receive in return intellectual inspiration , nourishment , and strength , as well as the knowledge that their name will live forever as outstanding individuals who rose above the masses and made a lasting contribution to mankind .
The Ludwig von Mises Institute can be a mighty institution , a model for the restoration of genuine learning , and a near university of teaching and scholarship .
Even if we do not see our ideas triumph during our lifetime , we will know and be eternally proud that we gave it our all , and that we did what every honest and noble person had to do .
Message : U.S. Government Still Mind - Numbingly Cynical
The Atlantic just published a 26,000,000 - word long article about Condoleezza Rice .
At one point it mentions U.S. attempts to push Palestinian society into civil war ( sub. req . ) :
In the fall of 2005 , as part of a new push for democracy in the Middle East , Rice insisted that legislative elections be held in the Palestinian territories ... To Rice ’s surprise , the elections in January 2006 were won by Hamas ...
Eager to reverse the results of the election , Rice decided on a new plan of action that resulted in fighting in the streets of Gaza between Hamas and Fatah gunmen .
The plan , which she developed after speaking to President Bush , was to put pressure on the Hamas government by providing the Palestinian security forces loyal to Abbas with training , intelligence , and large shipments of supplies and new weapons , paid for by the United States and by Saudi Arabia .
The hope was that Hamas , faced with a well - armed , well - trained force of Fatah fighters , might be cowed into moderating its positions or relinquishing the power it had won through elections .
Alternatively , Hamas might be pressured into an escalating series of gun battles , in which case Abbas , as head of the Palestinian security forces , would have an excuse to crush Hamas by force ...
Hamas won the clashes , which left more than 140 Palestinians dead , and the Hamas government remained in power .
A few pages later , the author describes following Rice on her recent trip to Jerusalem :
I find a copy of Friday ’s State Department Rapid Response sheet lying on the ground .
“ Message : Americans do not want to see Palestinians killing Palestinians .
Palestinians should be living in peace among themselves and with Israel , ” the document instructs , quoting Rice .
And indeed , that 's exactly what Rice said in a February interview with Al Arabiya .
Message : Condoleezza
Rice most loathsomely unctuous human being on earth .
We all know about the rock chic bag that is the Balenciaga Motorcycle Le Dix bag .
Born in 2001 , and really became the life of the fashion
It bag part in 2004 / 2005 .
And to add to that it is a bag that still is in high demand .
Now in the last year or so the spotlight has come off the Balenciaga Motorcycle bag – after all the Sienna Millers and Kate Moss ’ of the world have n’t toted it around as frequently – but Nicole Richie has been snapped toting a few of hers around .
Which begs the question , can Nicole Richie bring the Balenciaga Motorcycle bag if she carries it around enough ?
I suspect not , but she could get her group of young fashionites like Paris , Nicky Hilton , Lindsay Lohan & co , to get back on the bandwagon .
Nicole is pictured above , with a small metallic silver Motorcycle bag , and a giant white one .
Now I wonder if she did yoga , if she could fit into that huge Motorcycle bag …
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - About 10 ancient tombs dating back nearly 1,800 years have been destroyed by construction workers building an IKEA branch in Nanjing in southeastern China , a city newspaper said on Tuesday .
Labourers work at the construction site of an IKEA branch in Nanjing , east China 's Jiangsu province , July 3 , 2007 .
About 10 ancient tombs dating back nearly 1,800 years have been destroyed by construction workers building an IKEA branch in Nanjing in southeastern China , a city newspaper said on Tuesday .
REUTERS / Sean Yong
The tombs -- from the “ six dynasties ” period from AD 220 to 589 -- were uncovered on the outskirts of the ancient capital in Jiangsu province , the Nanjing Morning Post said .
City archaeologists told the newspaper the tombs might have been those of a wealthy family of the period as the workmanship was of high quality .
The tombs were constructed of green bricks embroidered with ornate lotus patterns .
The tombs were destroyed by excavation machines and bulldozers making way for an outlet for the Swedish IKEA home furnishings chain , according to the report .
“ The tops of some of the tombs were chopped off by bulldozers , disclosing some green bricks , ” it said , citing a witness .
“ The situation of another tomb was even more miserable , because it was dug from the centre by an excavator , leaving only part of the coffin hanging on the mud wall , ” it said .
A spokesman for IKEA was not immediately available for comment .
Archaeologists from the Nanjing Museum have asked the developers to halt construction while they research the site and collect the artifacts , the report said , but it was not clear whether the work had been stopped .
Under Chinese law , people or work units found destroying “ ancient tombs ” can be fined 50,000 to 500,000 yuan ( about $ 6,600 - $ 65,700 ) but the laws are weakly enforced , the newspaper said .
Developers would sometimes rather pay the fine than delay or cancel construction projects , it added .
By JAMES SLACK
Last updated at 12:27 29 May 2007
Only 354 of 90,000 police caught on camera speeding or jumping red lights last year were punished .
Last night forces were accused of double standards after it emerged that only one in 200 officers was fined or given points , compared with 84 per cent of ordinary drivers .
In a quarter of the cases the police cars had their blue lights flashing , suggesting officers were attending an emergency .
However , nearly all of the rest had the slate wiped clean by senior police , saving them from three points on their licence and a £ 60 fine .
Managers have the discretion to cancel tickets if an officer can persuade them they had a good reason for speeding , such as pursuing a suspect or trying to find a witness .
But critics point out motorists enjoy no such rights and that if they want to challenge a fixed penalty notice they must go to court .
They also say the disparity between the figures raises the suspicion that thousands of officers are being let off even if they do not have a valid excuse for speeding .
Dianne Ferreira , spokesman for road safety charity Brake , said : " Police officers should not be speeding in the first place .
" They should be setting an example and they should have to face the force of the law like everybody else when they break the rules . "
Scroll down for more
Edmund King , of the RAC Foundation , said that even if more than a quarter of the cases were emergencies , the figures still appeared " excessive " .
He added : " Speed cameras are there for a reason and they should apply to all motorists . "
Paul Smith , founder of the Safespeed campaign , said : " These figures will add considerably to the public suspicion that ' It 's one rule for them and another for the rest of us ' . "
The figures , obtained under Freedom of Information laws , cover 28 police forces in England and Wales .
Police said there were 90,480 incidents of speed or traffic cameras being " activated " by their vehicles .
The number of officers actually served with a fixed penalty notice was 354 .
The total number of officers who have escaped a penalty is likely to be much higher , as there are 43 police forces and figures were unavailable for the remaining 15 .
The percentage of fixed penalty notices issued varied dramatically from force to force .
In 2006 in Avon and Somerset 863 police cars were caught on camera and 54 officers ended up paying £ 60 fixed penalty fines , a total of 6.2 per cent .
But in Thames Valley , more than 4,000 police cars were captured speeding or jumping red lights - and not one officer was issued with a ticket .
The largest totals related to the Metropolitan Police where 48,222 police cars activated cameras and 57 officers ended up with £ 60 fines and having three points on their licence - a mere 0.1 per cent .
Not all officers found to be at fault were issued with fixed penalty notices .
Some were issued with written warnings while others were ordered to attend speed awareness workshops .
The figures will heighten concern that officers routinely drive too fast .
There are around 20,000 accidents involving police cars , vans or motorcycles each year .
A quarter occur while the vehicles are involved in an emergency call or in pursuit , rather than on routine duties .
Last year , there were 48 deaths in accidents involving police cars .
A spokesman for the Police Federation , which represents rank - and - file officers , said : " There 's an expectation that officers should get to the scene of an incident as quickly as they can .
" Safety is paramount for all members of the public but sometimes officers have to break speed limits or go through red lights .
" But at the same time common sense must prevail .
It does n't give officers carte blanche to be a danger to the public .
" Risks will continue to be there but all our officers are trained to have the peak level of skills and are held accountable when there is an accident . "
The Association of Chief Police Officers said each case of an officer being caught by a speed camera should be treated on its merits .
When it comes to selfish , self - centred , over - privileged wastes of oxygen , Paris Hilton comes at the very top of the list .
Contributing absolutely nothing useful or meaningful to the planet , this pitiful , spoilt celebrity airhead tries desperately hard to look sexy but instead just comes over as stupid .
And deeply unpleasant .
In several cities , nanny agencies decline to serve certain geographic areas — not because of redlining , these agencies say , but because the nannies , who decide which jobs to take , do not want to work there .
“ I ca n’t service everyone , ” said Maria Christopoulos - Katris , owner of Nanny Boutique , an agency that turned down Ms. Freeman ’s request , even though it claims to cater to the city of Chicago .
“ I do n’t discriminate . ”
Image Kimberly McClain DaCosta , a Harvard sociologist , left , preparing dinner for her three children with her new Dutch au pair , Sharon Ceder .
Credit ... Jodi Hilton for The New York Times
Ms. Freeman finally found a friend , another black mother , to watch her children .
Similarly , Ms. Jackson was told by some of the best - known nanny agencies in Washington that they did not serve Prince George ’s County , Md. , a largely black area bordering the District of Columbia .
“ We have problems getting people to certain areas because of logistics , ” said Barbara Kline , the owner of White House Nannies , which Ms. Jackson contacted .
“ I ’m always worried people will interpret it the wrong way . ”
She added , “ Nannies like to go where other nannies go or where their previous jobs were . ”
Ms. Jackson noted that White House Nannies served other suburbs , and that a bus stopped just minutes from her house .
Agencies represent only a small slice of nannies ; most work through informal arrangements , further out of reach of civil rights and labor laws .
( Because so many nannies are illegal , no one can say with certainty how many work in this country , let alone work for black families . )
In visits , telephone calls and e-mail exchanges across the country , nannies of all colors spoke of parents in sweeping ethnic generalizations : the Jews this , the Indians that .
Viola Waszkiewicz , a white sitter in Chicago , has cared for black children , but explained that many fellow Eastern European nannies would not .
“ We come here , and we watch TV and the news , and all we see is black people who got hurt , got murdered , ” she said .
Most of the nannies she knows “ think all black people are bad , ” she said .
“ They ’re afraid to go to black neighborhoods . ”
Pamela Potischman , a social worker in Brooklyn who specializes in parent - nanny relationships , said , “ You rely on what ’s familiar , so you ’re going to rely on these vast generalizations to be self - protective . ”
She added , “ The nannies talk , and they say , ‘ This is what ’s O.K. and what to watch out for . ’ ”
Download Download ( last few seconds were clipped ) Keith Olbermann lets the Secretary of Homeland Security , Michael Chertoff , know how insecure the homeland must be if we are to rely on his " gut . "
So there are your choices : bureaucratic self - protection , political manipulation of the worst kind , the dropping of opaque hints , a gaffe backfilled by an " instant report , " or the complete disintegration of our counter - terror effort .
Even if there really is never another terror attempt in this country , we have already lost too much in these last six years , to now have to listen to Michael Chertoff 's gut , no matter what its motivation .
John Amato : " I wrote about Chertoff's " gut " remark the other day which resonated throughout the blogosphere and said he should be fired for it .
O'Reilly liked it because he 's paid to say that about " Chertgut . " .... Olbermann had a few choice words of his own . "
Transcripts below the fold ...
And now as promised , a Special Comment -- on Michael Chertoff 's gut .
You have by now heard the remark -- instantly added to our through - the - looking glass lexicon of the 21st Century , a time when we suddenly started referring to this country as " the homeland " as if anybody here has used that term since Charles Lindbergh or the German - American Bund in 1940 .
Michael Chertoff's " gut feeling . "
Which , he took pains to emphasize , was based on no specific nor even vague intelligence -- that we are entering a period of increased risk of terrorism here .
He got as specific as saying that Al - Qaeda seems to like the summer , but as to the rest of it , he is perfectly content to let us sit and wait and worry - and to contemplate his gut .
His ..... gut !!
We used to have John Ashcroft 's major announcements .
We used to have David Paulison 's breathless advisories about how to use duct tape against radiation attacks .
We used to have Tom Ridge 's color - coded threat levels .
Now we have ....
Michael Chertoff 's gut !
Once , we thought we were tip - toeing along a Grand Canyon of possible and actual freedoms and civil liberties destroyed , as part of some kind of nauseating but ultimately necessary and intricately - designed plan to stop future 9/11's or even future Glasgow car bombers who wind up having to get out and push their failed weapons .
Now it turns out we are risking all of our rights and protections -- and risking the anger and hatred of the rest of the world -- for the sake of Michael Chertoff 's gut .
I have pondered this supreme expression of diminished expectations , for parts of three days now .
I have concluded that there are only five possible explanations for Mr. Chertoff 's remarkable revelations about his transcendently important counter - terrorism stomach .
Firstly , Mr. Chertoff , you are as Richard Wolffe said here the other night , actually referencing not your gut but your backside -- as in , " covering it . "
C- Y - A .
Not only has there not been a terrorist attack stopped in this country , but your good old Homeland Security has n't even unraveled a plausible terrorist plan .
And you and your folks there have a different kind of stomach pain , knowing that with a track record that consists largely of two accomplishments -- inconveniencing people at airports , and scaring them everywhere else -- your department does n't know what the hell it 's doing , and even you Mr. Chertoff , know it .
Secondly , of course , there is the explanation of choice for those millions of us who have heard the shrill and curiously timed cries of wolf over the past six years -- what we 've called here " The Nexus of Politics and Terror " -- that there is n't anything cooking , and your " gut feeling " was actually that you 'd better throw up a diversion soon on Mr. Bush 's behalf , or ... something real -- like the Republicans ' revolt about Iraq , and the nauseating " gut feeling " that we have gotten 3,611 Americans killed there for no reason -- was actually going to seep into the American headlines and consciousness .
It 's impossible to prove a negative , to guarantee that you and your predecessors deliberately scared the American public just for the political hell of it -- even though your predecessor Mr. Ridge admitted he had his suspicions about exactly that .
Suffice to say , Mr. Chertoff , if it ever can be proved , there will be a lot of people from Homeland Security , and other outposts of this remarkably corrupt Administration , who will be going to prison .
Thirdly , and most charitably , I guess , Mr. Chertoff , is the possibility that you have made some credible inference that we are really at greater risk right now , but that any detail might blow some sort of attempt at interruption .
There is some silver lining in this one .
But the silver lining would have been a greater one if this National Counter - Terrorism Center Report had n't leaked out the day after you introduced us to your gut ; a report suggesting Al - Qaeda had re-built its operational capacity to pre-9/11 levels .
Not only did this latest hair - on - fire - missive remind us that Al - Qaeda 's re-growth has been along the Pakistan / Afghanistan border ...
Not only did it remind us that your boss let this happen by shifting his resources out of Afghanistan to Iraq for his own vain and foolish purposes , to say nothing of ignoring Pakistan ...
Not only did it underscore the ominous truth that if this country is victimized again by Al - Qaeda , the personal responsibility for the failure of our misplaced defenses would belong to President Bush and President Bush alone ...
But on top of all of it , Mr. Chertoff , it revealed you for the phony expert you are -- the kid who hears in confidence something smart from somebody smart , and then makes his prediction , that what the smart kid said confidentially , is about to happen .
It reads just as you revised the " gut " remark this morning , sir -- the " informed opinion . "
The kid telling stories out of school .
The fourth possibility is a simple reversal of the third , Mr. Chertoff .
You shot off your bazoo , and then this National Counter - Terrorism Center report was rushed out -- even created -- to cover you , to give you credibility , to cloud the reality that you actually intoned to the Chicago Tribune , the 21st Century equivalent of " by the pricking of my thumb , something wicked this way comes . "
But the fifth possible explanation of your gut , Mr. Chertoff , is the real nightmare scenario .
And it is simple .
That you , the man who famously told us " Louisiana is a city that is largely under water , " meant this , literally .
That we really have been reduced to listening to see if your gut will growl .
That your intestines are our best defense .
That your bowels are our listening devices , your digestive tract is full of augurs , your colon produces the results that the torture at Gitmo does not .
All hail the prophetic gut !
So there are your choices : bureaucratic self - protection , political manipulation of the worst kind , the dropping of opaque hints , a gaffe backfilled by an " instant report , " or the complete disintegration of our counter - terror effort .
Even if there really is never another terror attempt in this country , we have already lost too much in these last six years , to now have to listen to Michael Chertoff 's gut , no matter what its motivation .
We cannot and will not turn this country into a police state .
But even those of us who say that most loudly and insistently , acknowledge that some stricter measures , under the still - stricter supervision of as many watchdogs as we can summon , are appropriate .
But you 're not even going to wring any of that from us , Mr. Chertoff , if we 're going to hear remarks about your " gut feelings . "
You have reduced yourself to the status of a hunch - driven clown , and it 's probably time you turned your task over to somebody who represents the brain and not the gut ...
Certainly to somebody who does not , as you do now , represent that other part of the anatomy -- the one through which the body disposes of what the stomach does n't want .
DIGG THIS
I had the pleasure to attend a seminar in late June 2007 entitled Potential Remedies for War Crimes and Crimes Against Humanity * that was sponsored by the Arizona State Bar during its annual convention .
One of speakers was Benjamin B. Ferencz , a former chief prosecutor at the Nuremberg War Crimes Trials .
When I saw that he would be speaking ( along with Eric A. Seitz , Esq. , counsel for Ehren K. Watada , and Claire Tixeire , Esq. , an international law / rights advocate ) , I immediately signed up .
Mr. Ferencz is a brilliant , vibrant , and captivating speaker — even at the age of 87 .
One of his comments ( that I was sure to write verbatim ) continues to resonate in my brain .
Near the end of his presentation he said : " The foot of the tyrant gets so heavy on the neck of the public that they rise up . "
What bothers me most about his statement is that many Americans remain ignorant that there is a tyrannical boot pressing their necks into the pavement .
Perhaps misinformation and propaganda in our era is so effective ( or the foot 's pressure so subtly imposed over time ) that many cannot see through its thick haze .
For our American public to rise up , that public must first awaken to our present reality .
Are we really safer with TSA 's three - ounce toiletries charade ; warrantless ( and illegal ) spying and wire tapping ( on you ! ) ; the onerous - sounding Department of Homeland Security ; nonsensical color - coded threat warnings ( always elevated or high to keep us on edge ) ; torture ; the draconian Patriot Act ; the preposterous and un-winnable alleged global war on terror ; our illegal and tragic military blunder in Iraq ; our military bases in nearly every country and territory on the planet ; our trillion dollar defense ( offense ? ) budgets ; and our foreign policy of hyper - aggression ?
The founders of this formerly great Republic would have been disgusted with us .
They would have reached for their swords and muskets long ago .
At this point in our history " the foot of the tyrant " is very heavy and more so every passing day .
Never in my life of 44 years would I have imagined that this great country could be lied into a war so blatantly , yet there is so little power in we the people to stop the death and destruction and torture and misery and mayhem and hatred and economic peril that war represents .
And we pay for it through taxes , inflated fiat currency , the limbs and lives of our citizens , and our collective reputation worldwide whether we consent to it or not .
At the same time , war planes fly over our sporting events and people wave and cheer ; flags fly proudly in front of houses ; Support our Troops magnets adorn our vehicles ; public speakers thank our troops for supposedly " fighting for our freedoms " ( as those freedoms are extinguished ) ; aspiring presidential candidates parrot all the " right " garbage just to get elected to grab the reigns of power ( with the lone exception of Ron Paul ) ; and the entire time we are despised by the world for our meddling and wrongful interventions and we are actually a lot less safe because of the virulent hatred we have incubated .
The road of critical thinking on these issues leads to only one place : our government is a cruel monster that destroys lives and property and absolutely cannot be trusted with any power , let alone the power to kill millions with the literal press of a button .
Yet here we are in late 2007 and we are witnesses of and conspirators to the very death , destruction , and mayhem that we supposedly oppose at all costs .
Does it make any sense whatsoever that we must " rid the world of tyranny " as our president tells us , yet our global military adventures and misadventures kill millions ?
Was dropping those horrific WMD on Hiroshima and Nagasaki really necessary for the safety and security of this country ?
Did those hundreds of thousands ( perhaps many more ) of Cambodians that died from our then secret bombing campaign really represent any threat to us ?
How about the fire bombings of Tokyo and Dresden ?
Fallujah ?
Did those horrific and hateful actions really get us closer to a world without tyranny ?
What have we become ; exactly where are we going ?
Do we hate ourselves so much that it is easy for us to stereotype others simply because they are different in race , creed , color or religion , or because they live in another part of the world where most Americans have not been and perhaps could not find on a map ?
Or because well - connected political elites have financial interests to preserve / protect ?
Or because the delusional and dangerous Dick Cheney lies to us and says they are a threat to our security and safety ?
Or because the sickening media parrots lies and hysterically command that we must bomb country _______ ( insert country to bomb du jour ) because it 's an imminent threat to us ?
Are we that infantile and naïve that we are mustered to hate and kill because twisted , evil , pathetic souls like George Bush , Dick Cheney , or Donald Rumsfeld say we should ?
And when the lies that yanked us to war are clearly exposed , we express almost no outrage as a nation .
We the people stand mute .
What have we become , sitting idly in front of our big - screen propaganda boxes watching the figurative lynching of Michael Vick for his alleged dogfighting escapades while many thousands of innocent Iraqi civilians die from our collective actions ?
Let there be no mistake whatsoever : the greatest threat to our collective safety and security is our own corrupt , evil , soulless federal government to which we are connected like Siamese twins .
By extension , our complacence makes us equally guilty ; we the people have the blood on our collective hands .
Perhaps the real tyrant resides in us ; it resides in our collective disinterest and ignorance as a citizenry to stand up and say that we have had enough death and destruction .
We have become our own tyrants .
We have become our own jailers .
We are leading ourselves like lemmings off a cliff .
If we ever awaken and realize that there is a slimy foot squeezing down on our necks , what exactly does Mr. Ferencz mean by " rise up " ?
Because of the substantial inertia of our nationalistic - corporate - military - government - propaganda - hate machine , it would seem that the awakening must occur at the individual and at the collective level with a focused energy .
Maybe that process is beginning and if we are lucky , it will continue unabated .
One brave voice standing alone may provide the shove to get us to seriously alter our words and deeds as a nation .
Only then can we return to our Constitutional Republic that once inspired the world .
That one lone voice for me has been Ron Paul .
I do n't believe I have ever witnessed a more inspirational act of selfless courage than that of Ron Paul when he said the words that our government / media hate machine refuses to recognize — even though it is a big , fat , smelly , purple elephant sitting in the middle of the room .
The world hates us and we have been attacked ( and we may be attacked again ) because of our actions overseas — because of our foreign policy of aggression .
Ron Paul was viciously attacked for those words , but he refused to back down .
As a result , his popularity has escalated and he is now a very real force in the 2008 presidential election .
He may not win , but he is certainly impacting many hearts and minds in the process .
His challenge to Giuliani ( the alleged security expert ) to read the 9/11 Commission Report was masterful and inspirational .
Ron Paul 's words and actions have catalyzed and crystallized the process of awakening and rising up that this great country needs during a very dark time for all peace and freedom - loving Americans .
We the people now live under a stated foreign policy of preemptive war , even to the extent that our military probably intends to use nuclear weapons in a preemptive manner .
Do you want this blood on your hands ?
On the Subject of preemptive war , Dwight D. Eisenhower said that " preventive war was an invention of Hitler .
Frankly , I would not even listen to anyone seriously that came and talked about such a thing . "
Benjamin B. Ferencz says that preemptive war is in violation of the Nuremberg precedents .
Mr. Ferencz writes : " The most important achievement of the Nuremberg trials , after over 40 million people had died in World War Two , was the confirmation that war - making was no longer a national right but had become , and henceforth would be condemned , as an international crime .
That great historical step forward toward a more rational and humane world order under law must not be allowed to perish . "
[ Emphasis mine ] .
As Mr. Ferencz 's
Web site also reads : " Law . Not war " and " Remember the first and last rule : Never give up ! "
Maybe we do have a chance to awaken , rise up , and avert the future horrors that await us and especially our progeny , but it all begins with each and every one of us .
I loathe to even consider our alternative fate unless we the people drastically alter our present course .
* Arizona State Bar 2007 Annual Convention " Potential Remedies for War Crimes and Crimes Against Humanity " seminar materials , " Enabling the International Criminal Court to Punish Aggression , " by Benjamin B. Ferencz .
August 30 , 2007
The Best of John J. Smalanskas
McCain 's going to be on 60 Minutes this Sunday .
Josh got a preview :
In two interviews before the Army took McCain and 60 MINUTES on the heavily guarded visit to the al - Shorja market last Sunday , the senator said security had improved in Iraq .
Upon his return , he also told a news conference he had just come back from a neighborhood one could walk around in freely .
The remarks made headlines and he now regrets saying them .
" Of course I am going to misspeak and I ’ve done it on numerous occasions and I probably will do it in the future , " says McCain .
" I regret that when I divert attention to something I said from my message , but you know , that ’s just life , " he tells Pelley , adding , " I ’m happy , frankly , with the way I operate , otherwise it would be a lot less fun . "
That 's just life .
And it was just a little " misspeaking " to suggest that everything in Iraq is just hunky - dory .
It 's all good .
It 's all fun .
See , it 's just schtick .
Is this really a man even Republicans think should be at the helm in trying to rebuild our nation from the mess that Georgie wrought ?
In the end , though , the war proved beneficial for the island ’s residents , most of whom are of English or Scottish descent and are sometimes known as “ kelpers , ” after a type of seaweed found here .
“ The Conflict , ” as it is known here , forced Britain to re-examine its relationship with the Falklands and led , for example , to full British citizenship for islanders .
But the biggest changes have been economic , the result of Britain ’s decision to allow the Falklands government to declare a 200 - mile economic zone that gives islanders jurisdiction over the icy but fish - rich waters around them .
Islanders had pushed for such a measure long before the war , but Britain had always refused for fear of provoking Argentina .
Image Expanding work requires hiring outsiders .
A Chilean , Jaime Camblor , rounds up sheep in Goose Green .
Credit ... Scott Dalton for The New York Times
“ The war was a catalyst for change , but it was the fishing zone that really kick - started everything , ” said Andrea Clausen , a legislative council member who oversees fishing matters .
“ On the backs of sacrifice and suffering , we ’ve been able to build our economy and society and catch up with the rest of the world . ”
Today , fishing activities bring in about $ 88 million a year overall , with fishing licenses and taxes providing more than two - thirds of the government ’s $ 66 million in annual revenues .
As a result , the Falklands have some of the highest per capita incomes in the world , about $ 50,000 a year , as well as bank reserves of $ 360 million .
Argentina , however , has never relinquished its claim to the Falklands — which it calls the Malvinas — and the surrounding waters , and relations have recently worsened as a result of the fisheries boom .
Even before the government here decided in 2005 to grant 25 - year fishing contracts as a way to encourage foreign companies to invest , Argentina had withdrawn permission for flights over its territory , with the exception of one weekly flight from Chile .
With Argentina facing an election in October and British forces stretched thin in Iraq and Afghanistan , President Néstor Kirchner has recently ratcheted up the nationalist talk over the islands .
The Argentine government has promised to use only diplomacy in its effort to regain control of them , but that pledge offers islanders little solace .
Thousands of call centre jobs have been created in India
The National Association of Software and Service Companies ( Nasscom ) added that the sector should achieve $ 60bn in export revenue by 2009 / 2010 .
" We are confident and I think we will get there , " said Nasscom president Kiran Karnik .
" The overall demand is strong ... the headroom for growth is huge . "
Challenges ahead
Indian software firms such as Tata Consultancy , Infosys and Wipro offer services like system integration , application development , and supply chain designing and back - office services .
A large pool of English - speaking and well - educated workers have helped to win outsourcing contracts from firms in Europe and the US , and means India remains a favourite outsource destination .
Nasscom says the industry contributes 5.2 % to the country 's gross domestic production .
But there are challenges to the sector , such as rising wages and the increase in the rupee against the dollar this year .
A Federal court overturned last year ’s shocking decision from the DC Circuit Court of Appeals saying that dying patients have
a due process right to access drugs once they have been through
FDA approved safety trials .
In January I wrote :
Unfortunately , I do not think that the Abigail Alliance can win the
case ; recognizing the rights that the DC Circuit of Appeals recognized
would be too big a blow to our nanny state .
Thus I am a little disappointed but not surprised .
I am pleased that the brief prepared by Jack Calfee , Dan Klein , Sam Peltzman , Benjamin Zycher and myself was cited in the dissent .
The majority also avoided the sweeping policy generalizations that we wrote the brief to
discourage , thus I think we won a rear - guard victory and can keep up the battle on other fronts .
Thanks to Ted Frank for the pointer and his work behind the scenes .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook CAMP PENDLETON , Calif . ( AP )  A Marine corporal testifying in a court - martial said Marines in his unit began routinely beating Iraqis after officers ordered them to " crank up the violence level . "
Cpl. Saul H. Lopezromo testified Saturday at the murder trial of Cpl. Trent D. Thomas .
" We were told to crank up the violence level , " said Lopezromo , testifying for the defense .
When a juror asked for further explanation , Lopezromo said : " We beat people , sir . "
Within weeks of allegedly being scolded , seven Marines and a Navy corpsman went out late one night to find and kill a suspected insurgent in the village of Hamandiya near the Abu Ghraib prison .
The Marines and corpsman were from 2nd Platoon , Kilo Company , 3rd Battalion , 5th Regiment .
Lopezromo said the suspected insurgent was known to his neighbors as the " prince of jihad , " and had been arrested several times and later released by the Iraqi legal system .
Unable to find him , the Marines and corpsman dragged another man from his house , fatally shot him , and then planted an AK - 47 assault rifle near the body to make it appear he had been killed in a shootout , according to court testimony .
Four Marines and the corpsman , initially charged with murder in the April 2006 killing , have pleaded guilty to reduced charges and been given jail sentences ranging from 10 months to eight years .
Thomas , 25 , from St. Louis , pleaded guilty but withdrew his plea and is the first defendant to go to court - martial .
Lopezromo , who was not part of the squad on its late - night mission , said he saw nothing wrong with what Thomas did .
" I do n't see it as an execution , sir , " he told the judge .
" I see it as killing the enemy . "
He said Marines consider all Iraqi men part of the insurgency .
Lopezromo and two other Marines were charged in August with assaulting an Iraqi two weeks before the killing that led to charges against Thomas and the others .
Charges against all three were later dropped .
Thomas ' attorneys have said he suffers from post - traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury from his combat duty in Fallouja in 2004 .
They have argued that Thomas believed he was following a lawful order to get tougher with suspected insurgents .
Prosecution witnesses testified that Thomas shot the 52 - year - old man at point - blank range after he had already been shot by other Marines and was lying on the ground .
Lopezromo said a procedure called " dead - checking " was routine .
If Marines entered a house where a man was wounded , instead of checking to see whether he needed medical aid , they shot him to make sure he was dead , he testified .
" If somebody is worth shooting once , they 're worth shooting twice , " he said .
The jury is composed of three officers and six enlisted personnel , all of whom have served in Iraq .
The trial was set to resume Monday .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Bush ’s assertion of executive power :
The logic of presidential - military dictatorship
By Joe Kay
16 July 2007
At President Bush ’s July 11 press conference a significant exchange took place that has received very little media attention .
Edwin Chen , who writes for Bloomberg.com , asked Bush , “ How hard is it for you to conduct the war without popular support ?
Do you ever have trouble balancing between doing what you think is the right thing and following the will of the majority of the public , which is the essence of democracy ? ”
Bush ’s response was to emphasize the role of the military as a counterweight to public opinion .
He outlined a concept of presidential power that upholds the military as a critical “ constituency ” rising above , and placed in opposition to , the American people .
On this basis , Bush sought to justify a policy that has been clearly repudiated by the general population — not only in opinion polls , but also in the November 2006 midterm elections .
Bush began by attributing public opposition to the war to concerns that the US cannot succeed .
“ I can fully understand why people are tired of the war , ” he said .
“ The question they have is , can we win it ?
And , of course , I ’m concerned about whether or not the American people are in this fight . ”
This was an attempt to dismiss and delegitimize the widespread opposition to the militarism , aggression and wanton destruction of human life that define not only the war in Iraq , but US foreign policy more broadly .
There are millions of Americans who hate the war not because it has been mismanaged and may not “ succeed , ” but because it is a barbaric and criminal enterprise .
He then declared that the occupation of Iraq will continue regardless , and attempted to defend this policy by appealing to the military as against the general population .
“ If our troops thought that I was taking a poll to decide how to conduct this war , they would be very concerned about the mission , ” he said .
“ If our troops said , well , here we are in combat , and we ’ve got a commander - in - chief who is running a focus group — in other words , politics is more important to him than our safety and / or our strategy — that would dispirit our troops . ”
To underline the point , Bush then declared that there are “ a lot of constituencies in this fight . ”
In the list that followed , the American people figured as only one constituency .
A strategy of withdrawing troops “ may sound simple , and it may affect polls , ” Bush said , “ but it would have long - term , serious security consequences for the United States . ”
He continued with the assertion that “ sometimes you just have to make the decisions based on what you think is right .
My most important job is to help secure this country , and therefore the decisions in Iraq are all aimed at helping do that job . ”
Plainly put , this means that the “ security ” interests of the US take precedence over the will of the American people , which Bush disparagingly and contemptuously equates with a “ focus group . ”
When Bush speaks about the security interests of the US , he is not speaking about the safety and well being of the American people .
He is speaking of the geo-strategic interests of the American ruling elite , which considers the establishment of a hegemonic position in the oil - rich Middle East to be central to those interests .
Moreover , every would - be dictator claims that his authoritarian measures are taken to ensure national security .
Everything else must be sacrificed , including democratic rights .
This is the basic line that has been utilized by the government since 9/11 to lay siege to constitutionally protected democratic rights , in the name of the “ war on terror . ”
Having thus dealt with the “ constituency ” of the American people , which he acknowledged was broadly opposed to his war policy , Bush moved on to that constituency on which he would rely to continue the policy .
“ A second constituency is the military , ” he said , adding , “ I ’m pretty confident our military do not want their commander - in - chief making political decisions about their future . ”
The “ third constituency ” Bush cited was “ military families , ” in regard to whom he said , “ I do n’t think they want their commander - in - chief making decisions based upon popularity . ”
Thus , Bush advanced a conception that defines the “ military ” as a separate constituency which is more important than the American people as a whole .
When Bush speaks of the military , he is not referring to ordinary soldiers or their families , who are seen as little more than cannon fodder by the ruling establishment .
In fact , US soldiers are generally no more supportive of the war in Iraq than the American population as a whole .
It is worth recalling one of the central grievances against King George III set down by the leaders of the American Revolution in the Declaration of Independence : “ He has affected to render the military independent of and superior to the civil power . ”
Indeed , in the political and constitutional debates that ensued , figures such as Thomas Jefferson issued strong warnings of the dangers of a standing army , declaring that a permanent military presence that would pose a constant danger to the democratic rights of the American people .
Bush ’s invocation of the military as a force to be invoked against the will of the American people was quite deliberate , and it should be taken very seriously .
He made essentially the same argument at several other points in the course of the press conference .
He insisted , for example , that it was not possible to “ let the Gallup poll or whatever polls there are decide the fate of the country . ”
After refusing to rule out the possibility of a further troop escalation , he said , “ I just ask the American people to understand that the commander - in - chief must rely upon the wisdom and judgment of the military thinkers and planners . ”
The content of this statement is a threat that the president will use his control over the military to impose the policies of the faction of the ruling elite that the administration represents — potentially including a further escalation of the war or its spread to other countries such as Iran — in the face of whatever popular opposition may arise .
Bush is explicit in declaring as a fundamental principle that politicians cannot be allowed to determine military policy — only generals can .
This argument is as absurd as it is reactionary .
First , Bush himself is a politician , and the top generals in charge of the military have been selected to carry out administration policy .
Bush has repeatedly replaced or dismissed military officials when they came into conflict with certain aspects of administration policy .
Second , the argument overturns the basic principle of civilian control of the military .
According to Bush , the president is “ their [ that is , the military ’s ] commander - in - chief , ” in the sense that he must do what the military wants .
If the president determines , therefore , that the military does not want to obey the results of an election , then there is nothing that can be done .
It is remarkable , though not surprising , that Bush ’s statements elicited hardly a word of opposition from the Democratic Party or the media .
The major newspapers did not report this portion of the press conference , and no prominent politician denounced the extraordinary attack on basic constitutional principles embodied in Bush ’s remarks .
The silence of the political establishment in the face of the Bush administration ’s appeals to the military as an independent force in American politics is hardly new .
In fact , Bush came to power in 2000 based upon a stolen election in which the counting of invalid military ballots played an important role .
Democratic Party candidate Al Gore responded at the time by saying he could not become president without the support of the military .
Since that time , the military has played an ever more prominent role in American political life .
The Bush administration has asserted the right to hold US citizens and non-citizens in military custody indefinitely and without charges .
It has created the Northern Command ( Northcom ) , which , for the first time , coordinates military actions within the United States .
The administration has systematically sought to expand the power of the military to intervene in domestic affairs .
In the National Defense Authorization Act passed last year to provide military funding , the administration had a section inserted that amends the Posse Comitatus
Act to allow for the domestic use of the military in case of natural disaster , terrorist attack , or “ other conditions in which the president determines that domestic violence has occurred to the extent that state officials cannot maintain public order . ”
Top Bush administration officials only rarely speak before civilian audiences .
Almost every major speech given by Bush or Cheney is before a military audience .
The silence of the nominal political opposition to these dangers is all the more remarkable given the fact that the threat is directed not only against public opinion , but also against the administration ’s critics within the political establishment .
There are escalating policy differences within the ruling elite , and support for the administration is hemorrhaging within Congress itself .
No faction in the official debate in Washington opposes the war , but there are deep divisions over the policy required to uphold the interests of American imperialism .
All of the factions within the political establishment , whatever their tactical differences , are , in fact , united in their fear of the “ constituency ” of American public opinion .
Under these conditions , the threat of a more open turn toward presidential - military dictatorship is very real .
If an election can have no effect on policy , and the power of the military is raised as a counterweight to any attempt to shift government policy , what alternative presents itself to the population ?
Here it is worth citing another passage from the Declaration of Independence :
“ Whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these [ the rights of the population ] , it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness ... [ W ] hen a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same object , evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such government , and to provide new guards for their future security . ”
AD BREAKDOWN
The Magazine 's review of advertising
A record number of adverts were complained about in 2006 , the Advertising Standards Authority has said .
The subjects which annoyed people , including the portrayal of same - sex kisses , religion and knives , reveals something of modern day concerns .
Advertising complaints can be an interesting barometer of public sensibilities .
In the 1970s , an ASA report from the time said , it was " sex depravity , pornography and general sleaziness " which offended .
Nowadays , even with advertising which is often far more explicit than 1970s standards , the range of subjects which offends people has changed somewhat .
Here are the top 10 adverts of 2006 by volume of complaints and the ASA 's decision on them .
1 . GAY POLICE ASSOCIATION - 553 COMPLAINTS
Gay and Christian police in row This advert was the most complained about in 2006 .
It was a national press ad which pictured a Bible and a claim from the Gay Police Association of a link between homophobic attacks and religious motivation .
Several Christian groups complained about the advert , saying it was offensive to them and discriminatory in tone .
The ASA upheld the complaints , saying that it was indeed offensive , was misleading in its suggestion that all incidents involved physical injury and in statistical claims which were never proved to the ASA .
The most complained about advert in 2005 was by KFC and featured people in a call centre singing with their mouths full .
It received more than three times as many complaints .
Complaints upheld 2 . HM REVENUE AND CUSTOMS - 271 COMPLAINTS
Revenue faces complaint on advert
This was also a press advert , and depicted what seemed to be a self - employed plumber evading tax by hiding under the kitchen sink .
This offended many self - employed people - and plumbers in particular - who said the advert made them look like tax evaders .
A spokesman for the Federation of Small Businesses said the advert " tars all of the UK's 2.72 million self - employed people with the same brush " .
HM Revenue and Customs apologised and amended the advert after the complaints , but the ASA concluded that most people would not actually have drawn the unfair conclusion about the self - employed .
Complaints not upheld 3 . DOLCE & GABBANA - 166 COMPLAINTS
D&G criticised over knife adverts
If it was depravity that offended in the 1970s , one new concern from 2006 was the glamorisation of knives .
This D&G advert , which again appeared in the press rather than on television , appeared opposite a news article about a knife crime .
D&G protested at the complaints , saying that the ads were " highly stylised " and inspired by well - known Napoleonic paintings .
But the ASA held them to be " socially irresponsible and offensive " .
Complaints upheld
4. MOTOROLA - 160 COMPLAINTS
This is more of the same theme - and another appearance for D&G whose joint advert with Motorola , complainants said , " condoned knife - related violence " and " glamorised sexual violence " .
Motorola 's defence was that it was highly stylised and clearly a pun on the tagline ' The cutting edge of technology ' , and that it did not glamorise violence .
In this case the ASA agreed , saying that most newspaper readers would appreciate the ad's intention .
Complaints not upheld 5 . CARPHONE WAREHOUSE - 145 COMPLAINTS
The familiar Carphone Warehouse adverts riled customers and competitors , particularly claims that its service would be " free forever " .
The ASA agreed that the advert was misleading and that " the availability of the service was insufficiently explained " .
Complaints upheld 6 . FRENCH CONNECTION - 127 COMPLAINTS
French Connection - a company which thanks to its FCUK slogan has had its run-ins with watchdogs before - ran a TV advert in which two women had a martial - arts contest , culminating in a kiss .
The idea apparently was to " symbolise the competition between fashion and style " .
The ASA decided that despite the complaints of violence , it was clear that the fight was highly stylised and did not reflect criminal assault .
The kiss was also fine , they said , and in any case the advert was being shown after the watershed .
Complaints not justified 7 . CHANNEL 5 - 99 COMPLAINTS
Five ran a teaser poster campaign saying that " nothing good ever came out of America " .
The conclusion of the campaign was to highlight American films and TV programmes , but some people complained that the teaser was racist towards Americans and socially irresponsible in that it could incite racial violence .
The ASA disagreed .
( Channel 5 also appeared in last year 's top 10 , for a fake dossier advertising CSI : NY which was sent through the post purporting to claim there was a serial killer on the loose . )
Complaints not upheld 8 . KELLOGG'S - 96 COMPLAINTS
Objections to a Kellogg 's television ad featuring a man riding a dog ( to get home in time to eat Crunchy Nut ) claimed that it portrayed cruelty to animals and would encourage viewers to try the same stunt at home .
Kellogg 's responded that the ad was clearly surreal in nature , no dog was actually ridden during filming and that the advert was n't being shown before the watershed , so children would not copy it .
Viewers were also warned not to try it at home .
Complaints not upheld 9 . NATIONAL FEDERATION OF CYPRIOTS - 93 COMPLAINTS
This was an advertising feature in the regional press .
It drew complaints from a human rights organisation which was concerned it was offensive to the Turkish community and likely to incite racial hatred .
Complaints were not upheld , except for a challenge that it was not sufficiently clear that it was advertising material .
Complaints upheld 10 .
DOLCE & GABBANA - 89 COMPLAINTS
Something of a theme emerges here - with D&G and the politics of same - sex relations appearing three times each in the top 10 .
D&G's TV ad showed a brief kiss between two men , and was followed by complaints that it was unsuitable for children to see , and some that it was unsuitable to show at any time .
The regulators decided that to be appropriate it was only necessary that the advert not be shown around programmed aimed specifically at children .
Complaints not upheld Ad Breakdown is compiled by Giles Wilson
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
It 's apparently worse to show same sex kisses than the torture and death of a man on a wooden cross ?
( I was shown films about Jesus when I was 10 or less ) , or pictures of the aftermath of bombs ( see the news any day ) , what 's so wrong with showing love , whether it be between a man and woman , two men or two women ?
Olivia , Madrid I 've heard it all now : " American " is a race .
Well unless you 're talking about Native Americans , that 's a complete load of cobblers .
Michael , Bath
How come nobody complained about the Eastpack advertising , where the model is portrayed to have burn marks all over her body , whereas the backpack resisted the fire ?
I found it cruel and tasteless .
Julia , Southampton
In 2007 are people still really offended by same sex kissing .
for crying out loud , we constantly see death , carnage , gratuitous sex and violence on the TV - kissing is about love !
get a life .
Paul , Birmingham
I think the world has gone mad , people need to realise that there are more important issues in the world than a TV / Magazine advert .
Simon Roddis , Norwich
You think people would have better ways to spend their time than using it to call up complaint lines to complain about a two second gay kiss .
It 's the 21st Century .
Get over it .
Olivia , Bedford Perhaps the Kellogg 's should have their wrists slapped for implying that short people 's only mode of transport is to ride a pet .
It 's not - I 've seen short people driving big cars , even lorries .
Hywel , Herefordshire
It amazes me that in the top ten of highest amount of complaints , the tenth one is only 89 complaints .
Given how many people in the UK actually own TV's I do n't see how this can be fairly judging what is offending the bulk majority .
Even the number one slot has to be low in terms of percentages actually WATCHING advertisements .
These figures and the subject are constantly in the news .
Am I wrong in thinking that because it keeps being highlighted , that is , which ones cause offence to all of 89 people so much so that they have to write a complaint , that it will give people the idea that it 's OK to be offended by this material and therefore write in more next year ?
How does that help ?
How does it help the BBC readers to know exactly how many people complained about each offending advert ?
Neanie , Belfast , Northern Ireland Personally , I loved the FCUK advert .
These complaints seem to stem from people who take everything literally .
It 's a shame - people complain about " dumbing down " TV , but when something smart , funny or surreal is shown , people decide to get the pen and paper out to write a letter of complaint .
Do people really have nothing better to do than find reasons to get upset ?
Paul , Belfast , N.Ireland
Too many do - gooders in the country now with no real idea on what happens in the real world .
Whatever happened to freedom of speech ?
Sarcasm is supposed to be the ' highest form of intelligence '..... just enjoy it and take it for what it is !
They are ADS for gods sake !
Get a life , or better still , go to Africa and help the starving , that way they will all be helping real people in the real world and wo n't have time to worry about a few TV Ads !!
Steve Conway , Nuneaton , England I am given some measure of assurance by the ASA 's largely rational , common sense decisions on these matters .
Craig Eastman , Chester I found that most of these ads were very misleading and did not explain the service fully
sanjid mamood , England , Birmingham I seriously fear for the future of my kids if the politically correct police do not get of their moral high ground .
Adverts are meant to stimulate , shock , probe your senses .
This is the whole point of adverts , to get the product talked about .
Here we have people with too much time on their tutting round some pictures that I have clearly forgotten half of them existed .
Grow up !
No one was killed in the making of these adverts .
John MacLean , Glasgow
With regards to advert number 10 , why do people believe that a brief kiss between two men is unsuitable viewing ?
I 'd rather my children saw a brief kiss between two same sex people than the tongue action shown on some children / teen programmes and soaps !
Angelina Rose , Oxford , UK
The ads that offend ( and disturb ) me are the ones where Toyota drivers take revenge against people who do n't show the car the desired level of respect .
Drivers who are out for revenge are dangerous , and ads that glorify such an attitude are irresponsible .
joe , Birmingham , UK Most adverts show people in a bad light and do not highlight the product they are aiming to sell .
Either that , or you get some seriously naff ads with someone yelling at us to buy their product , puts me right off .
Clever , witty , informative and tasteful ads are few and far between , wonderful thing the remote , I just ignore the lot off them .
Jan , Suffolk I still find it shocking that an advert with people eating with mouths full ( KFC 2005 ) beat all of the knife glamorising ones this year by at least 3 times the complaints .
Luke , Nailsworth
Why is it that the ASA upheld that the FCUK ad with 2 women were kissing was acceptable but not the D&C ad where 2 men are kissing ?
Personally , I would like to see a lot less sexuality of any kind in advertising .
Laura Hodge , Cambridge , UK
What 's the point ?
a handful of complaints from a pool of millions of viewers ... harmless stuff !
Volker , naphill , England
Why is there such a problem with ads showing two men kissing ?
Ads with a man and a woman have gone much further , such as the Lynx ads which for a long time have suggested that some acne- scarred loser can squirt Lynx about and attractive women will be falling over themselves to make love to him , or ads for magazines such as Nuts showing the front cover with partially dressed women clearly visible .
I find that degrading to women and inappropriate , whereas a brief kiss is affectionate and a positive image to show of two adults regardless of their gender .
Anon I have not seen many of these ads but the Carphone warehouse is very annoying !!!
Laura Baldwin , England , Lancashire , burscough
It is quoted that some number of people complain and the number is said to be " a lot " .
What 50000 complaints ?
10000 ?
It 's usually a lot less , the top one here is 553 .
So , how many people watched the advert and did n't complain ?
Hundreds of thousands ?
Millions even !
So the VAST majority have no problems with the adverts , and we are supposed to be living in a democracy , and yet a few people moan and the Ads get pulled !
Andy GM Wood , Kingston upon Thames Clearly some Companies have realised that the enormous free publicity from the airing of the complaints is beneficial ( " no such thing as bad publicity " ) , so they try to offend again .
The punitive measures must be increased to counter - act this benefit .
Alan Clarke , Leeds , UK .
Why the constant obsession with homosexuality in adverts ?.
It is clear that this is an attempt to make homosexuality fashionable and politically correct .
Ali Blackwool , Hansted I do n't normally write in to complain ... and today is no different .
Ross Gordon , Godalming
Yes , it is only right and proper that a body like the ASA exists , and its rulings are usually sensible , although I do wonder at the nature and mind - set of some of the complainants .
What is far more annoying and frustrating is the manner in which such ads are used , particularly TV ads .
Quite apart from the issue of suitability of certain ads at certain times , it is the sheer bulk and repetitiveness of ads that is so depressing .
Time was when ad breaks on ITV / Channel 4 were regulated - one break per half hour programme , two per hour long programme .
This made advertising tolerable on commercial TV .
Now it 's a free for all with breaks , it seems every ten minutes , making some programmes effectively unwatchable ( and then they wonder at declining audiences ! )
What is needed is a body like the ASA whose brief is to handle complaints about the use and frequency of advertising , particularly in broadcasting , with the powers to intervene and compel broadcasters to make changes where it deems them appropriate .
Stuart Dollin , Halifax UK
It 's probably the same bigoted people voting each time any sign of a gay liaison appears on screen .
How is seeing two men or women kiss any less appropriate than seeing a heterosexual couple kiss ?
Equality laws came into force last week - not that you would know it judging by these results .
Craig E , Bath
At what point is a line drawn .
If you put a hundred people in a room and start showing commercials , there will be at least one person offending by every single one .
We as a society have become so paranoid that someone may be offended by something that we advertisers have found the shock value in creating a scandal is far more useful in bringing attention to a product than a bland ad that no one would give a second glance at .
Jason , New Jersey , USA I 've not seen most of these ads but must say the Kellogg 's ad worried me .
I 'm not stupid , but I could n't be sure it was faked .
Jane , Leigh on Sea , UK
All these adverts beg the old saying that there are people out there just waiting to be insulted so they can complain .
Adrian Cox , Coventry
How can any of these complaints been seen as offensive , when the most offensive thing on TV is the esure ad's with Michael Winner .
gobadine , tavistock , England I was initially offended by the large billboards that said " Nothing good ever came out of America " ... they stayed on for weeks .
They would have been funny at most times except now - when thanks to Dubya most people in the world believe it to be true .
In general though , I am impressed with the tolerance the Brits display towards their ads - notwithstanding all those complaints , I think the advertising is immensely creative and the Brits are , in general , darn good sports !
Kazi , London
Some people seem to live in worlds of their own , I just stumbled upon this article and find it amusing that so many people can find the time to complain about the content of an advert , I dread to think what happens when the T.V program starts .
Tim Chapman , Bournemouth Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The green and brown scrub brush in the Qandil Mountains acquires a thick layer of snow by late fall .
In happier times , these peaks at the border between Iraq and Iran would offer tourists spectacular views , but these days the only sightseers are men and women with AK - 47s slung over their shoulders .
They are Iranian Kurdish guerrillas based among their Kurdish brethren in northern Iraq , and at the moment , they may be the closest thing the Bush administration has to an ally in its confrontation with Tehran .
Kurdish and American sources say the United States has been supporting guerrilla raids against Iran , channeling the money through organizations in Iraqi Kurdistan ; last fall , The New Yorker ‘s Seymour Hersh reported that Israel is also providing equipment and training .
When I arrived in Sulaymaniyah , the Kurdish city closest to the Iranian border , it was hard to miss the Green Berets in civvies walking down the main street .
“ Suli is like some Balkan city years ago , ” one U.S. officer told me .
“ You ’ve got spies everywhere .
Everyone wants to know what everyone else is doing . ”
The seedy Ashti Hotel looked like something out of a Graham Greene novel , its smoke - filled lobby a meeting place for obscure diplomats , businessmen , soldiers , and spies .
Men sat around staring at glasses of strong tea ; every now and again they ’d pour a bit of tea into their saucers , let it cool , and slurp it down .
I met a Kurdish military adviser at the Ashti , and when the U.S. Army came to escort me for a story on its operations , Humvees pulled up by the hotel .
Getting to the actual guerrilla camps was relatively easy .
Kurdish officials unconvincingly insisted they had no idea how to find the fighters , but cabdrivers had no trouble pinpointing the camps .
As my four - wheel - drive vehicle climbed the mountainside , young women in green pants and the distinctive twisted Kurdish headscarf appeared along the road .
They were fighters with the Party for a Free Life in Kurdistan , or pjak , which claims its troops are almost 50
percent female .
Part underground movement , part cult , pjak requires its fighters to eschew sex and study the teachings of Abdullah Ocalan , a Nietzsche - quoting Turkish Kurd who is its spiritual leader .
Ocalan ’s political organization , the radical Kurdistan Workers Party ( pkk ) , is classified as a terrorist organization by the U.S. State Department .
pjak ‘s relationship with the party is supposed to be arm ’s length , but I had to pass through two pkk checkpoints on my way to the guerrillas ’ camp , each of them relaying information up the line via walkie - talkie .
Finally , the fighters welcomed me into a room with a threadbare carpet on the floor and a kerosene stove blasting heat ; posters of Ocalan hung on the wall along with the pkk flag .
While waiting for their leaders to descend from the mountains , I asked one of the women what they did to stave off boredom .
“ We watch satellite TV , ” she said , insisting that they cared only for news programs before confessing , with a shy smile , “ We like Brad Pitt and Mel Gibson . ”
That was about the only American influence anyone at the camp would admit to .
The fighters ’ commander had recently died in a flash flood , and his replacement — a fortysomething man with prematurely gray hair who stood perhaps 5 feet 5 inches — introduced himself as Zenar Agri .
He informed me that in 2006 the guerrillas had killed about 100 Iranians in their cross - border skirmishes .
He said they were not getting U.S. help , then smiled , “ But we would love to have American support . ”
He also told me that before the pkk ‘s emergence , “ the Kurds did n’t know about their history and how to struggle , ” but now Kurds could follow Ocalan ’s road to liberation .
Back in the valley , I found a different kind of Kurdish organizing at the
University of Sulaimani , where many
Iranian Kurdish activists have come to study .
The scene could have been any U.S. campus ; almost everyone wore blue jeans , and only a few of the women had their heads covered .
I sat down with two Iranian students who said they had come to Iraq illegally , following smugglers ’ trails over the mountains .
They talked openly about the competition between Iranian Kurdish parties to attract U.S. support .
Hiwa , a film student who described himself as the future Stanley Kubrick of Kurdistan , told me Washington ought to be ecumenical : “ All parties should have connections with the U.S. ”
So far , Washington seems to feel the same way .
The two main Iranian Kurdish parties , Komala and the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran ( kdpi ) , have been allowed to operate openly in northern Iraq ; both say their focus is on political organizing within Iran .
“ We have not opposed armed struggle , ” Mustafa Hejri , leader of the kdpi , told me .
“ But for now we believe political activity benefits the party more . ”
Hejri , along with other top kdpi and Komala officials , went to Washington last year for meetings at the State Department and on Capitol Hill .
They “ listened to us and asked questions , ” Komala leader Abdullah Mohtadi told me .
“ It was a step forward . ”
Most other Iranian opposition leaders I spoke to were critical of U.S. policy toward Tehran and said the administration ’s allocation of $ 85 million to “ promote democracy ” in Iran had backfired by making the population rally around the embattled Islamist government .
The Kurdish Iranian parties , on the other hand , told me they were looking forward to getting U.S. funding .
“ We ’re pragmatists , ” Mohtadi told me .
The United States “ ca n’t make democracy by force , but it can topple dictators . ”
Reese Erlich ’s book , “ The Iran Agenda : The Real Story of US Policy and the Middle East Crisis , ” will be published in September 2007 .
See his interviews with Nobel Laureate Shirin Ebadi and other Iranian opposition
leaders at : motherjones.com/iran_dissidents .
[ Image : A stunning photograph of the Rosette Nebula , taken by Ignacio de la Cueva Torregrosa , courtesy of NASA 's Astronomy Picture of the Day archive .
View larger ! ] .
[ Image : Weather on a star ; via New Scientist ] .
[ Image : A reflection nebula in Cepheus , beautifully photographed by Giovanni Benintende , courtesy of NASA 's Astronomy Picture of the Day ] .
[ Image : Star Cluster R136 , photographed by NASA , et. al. ] .
[ Image : The Cat 's Eye nebula , photographed by NASA , et. al. ] .
The discovery furthers an ongoing shift in astronomers ' perceptions of where such molecules can form , and where to set the starting line for the chain of events that leads from raw atoms to true biology .
[ Image : The Ophiuchius reflection nebula , photographed by Takayuki Yoshida ; courtesy of NASA 's Astronomy Picture of the Day ] .
[ Image : The Carina Nebula , via NASA 's awesomely fun Astronomy Picture of the Day ] .
Even simple phosphorus - bearing molecules such as PN are of interest to astrobiologists because phosphorus is relatively rare in the universe – yet it is necessary for constructing both DNA and RNA molecules , as well as ATP , the key molecule in cellular metabolism .
[ Image : NGC 6302 – like some sort of exploding angel – photographed by A. Zijlstra and NASA ] .
[ Image : NGC 7000 , the North America nebula , alongside the Pelican nebula ; photographed by Nicolas Outters , courtesy of NASA 's Astronomy Picture of the Day ] .
[ Image : Another view of NGC 7000 ; I can't find the origin of this photograph , unfortunately – but the minute I can credit this to the appropriate photographer or institution , I will do so ! ] .
A few bits of astronomical news seem worth repeating here on BLDGBLOG : Weather has been observed on the surface of a star for the first time .
Astronomers have now seen " mercury clouds " moving through the turbulent skies of " a star called Alpha Andromedae .
" Because the star does not have a magnetic field , however , scientists have been left scratching their heads over what causes the clouds to form ; for the time being , then , no one really knows where these things come from .
I wonder , though , how far this " weather " metaphor really goes : are there storms , and hurricanes , and tornadoes ?
Is there actual convection up there , in the outer atmosphere of Alpha Andromedae , and , if so , is there ever precipitation – frozen mercury snowing down toward the star 's core on slow currents of helium gas ?
While we 're on the subject , I 'm also curious if there are any religious systems that use " hurricanes of mercury " as a kind of divine threat .
After all , are n't Mor mons worried about being consumed by " hurricanes of fire " ?
In which case a hurricane of , say , argon – or a tornado of germanium – is n't all that much of a stretch .
Or perhaps a hurricane of transition metals could come blowing in over the islands of Stockholm , coating that city in a smooth new shell of mineralogical forms ...
Meanwhile , some stars are apparently plated in gold " Scattered through space , " we read , " are some peculiar stars that seem to contain more gold , mercury and platinum than ordinary stars such as our Sun .
" These stars are referred to as being " chemically peculiar .
"
One star , in particular , which astronomers have named " chi Lupi , " has 100,000 times as much mercury as the Sun , and 10,000 times as much gold , platinum , and thallium .
What 's really , really cool about this , though , is that chi Lupi can apparently be thought of as a series of concentric shells , where each shell consists primarily of one element ; the locations of these shells are determined by the atomic weights of the elements they contain .
In other words , " the heavy metals in the star were pushed outwards by the radiation pressure of the star 's ultraviolet light , but were kept from escaping by gravity . "
On chi Lupi , for instance , there is a shell of mercury in the " stellar photosphere .
" Thin outer layers of gold can thus be found on this and other " chemically peculiar " stars throughout the universe .
Finally , we 've all heard about things like this before , but " one of the largest and most luminous stars in our galaxy " is also " a surprisingly prolific building site for complex molecules important to life on Earth .
" That " true biology " can be tracked back to the stars is nothing new ; but the fact that a star called VY Canis Majoris – " a red hypergiant star estimated to be 25 times the Sun 's mass and nearly half a million times the Sun's brightness " – is burning with pre-biotic compounds , " including hydrogen cyanide ( HCN ) , silicon monoxide ( SiO ) , sodium chloride ( NaCl ) and a molecule , PN , in which a phosphorus atom and a nitrogen atom are bound together , " is apparently reason to get excited .
First , let me quickly say that I love – love !
– the idea that biologists might someday study stars in their quest to understand the chemical origins of molecular biology ; and , second , I 'm curious if we could combine these three articles – asking : could storms of living matter form on the outer surface of a star , reaching hurricane strength as they blow in whorls and vortical currents across gold - plated skies ?
The first astronomer to discover ashould win some sort of prize , I think .
In any case : These chemicals " can later find their way into newborn solar systems " – although it had been thought that " any molecules that condensed from the cooling , expelled gas would later be destroyed by the intense ultraviolet radiation emitted by the star .
" An expanding star , it was thought , like something out of the Greek myths , thus sterilized its progeny .
But there 's good news for we living creatures : the " ejected material " that later seeds fledgling solar systems with prebiotic compounds also " contains clumps of dust particles that apparently shield the molecules and can shepherd them safely into interstellar space .
" Note the " shepherd " metaphor .
Anyway , this all seems to suggest " that the chemistry that leads to life may be more widespread in the universe and more robust than previous studies have suggested .
" These astrobiological studies will soon be helped along by a " high - altitude radio interferometer , consisting of 50 dishes – each 12 metres wide – currently under construction " in Chile 's Atacama Desert .
And the culture of life continues ...
Via The Telegraph UK :
A man convicted of shooting dead a store clerk during a robbery has become the 400th person to be executed by Texas since the US Supreme Court reinstated capital punishment in 1976 .
The southern state accounts for almost a third of the 1,091 American executions over the last three decades , and this year it will be responsible for almost two thirds - 21 out of 35 judicial killings so far .
About 14 protestors gathered outside the Huntsville Unit in Huntsville , Texas , as Johnny Conner - who has never confessed to his crime - was executed by lethal injection last night .
Conner , 32 , was convicted in 1999 of killing Kathyanna Nguyen , 49 , by shooting her in the face during an attempted robbery of the Houston petrol station and convenience store where she worked .
" What is happening to me now is unjust and the system is broken , " Conner said as he lay strapped to the execution gurney .
Read more ...
The new report puts a harsh light on the internal workings of the Education Department .
For example , if the department suspects misconduct by a lender , it has no established procedure on how to respond , the report says .
The department may send a company a letter asking it to “ cease the activity ” that may be questionable .
But it does not monitor whether those letters work , the report found .
In addition , before October 2006 , the department did not have a centralized system to track external complaints — by consumers , by colleges or even by other lenders — about possible misconduct by lenders .
In more than a dozen instances from 2001 to 2006 , the department may not have concluded whether specific conduct complied with regulations at all , the report found .
As if to underscore the report ’s criticism , the New York attorney general , Andrew M. Cuomo , who in Congressional testimony in April described the department as “ asleep at the switch , ” announced yesterday that he was expanding his inquiry into the student loan industry .
Mr. Cuomo said his office had sent subpoenas and document requests to dozens of universities around the country , demanding information about arrangements with student loan companies that rewarded college athletic departments with payments for steering students to particular lenders .
The G.A.O. report recommended that the department come up with ways to detect misconduct by lenders — for example , by finding out how colleges choose which loan companies to include on their lender lists .
It also recommended giving lenders guidance on what incentives are prohibited , before the new rules take effect next year .
And the report called on the department to come up with a way to decide how to respond to violations of rules ; by writing a letter , imposing a fine or expelling a lender from the loan program .
Congressional Democrats trumpeted the report as further evidence that the department had failed to protect students and their families .
“ This report again underscores that the Department of Education completely defaulted on its responsibilities to protect the nation ’s student loan programs , ” Representative George Miller , the California Democrat who is chairman of the House Education and Labor Committee , said in a statement yesterday .
“ There is simply no excuse for this administration ignoring repeated warnings about potential lender abuses , both from independent agencies and even from lenders themselves . ”
Is shyness a fatal flaw ?
A 30 - year study by Chicago Northwestern University suggested shy or anti-social men were 50 % more likely to die this way , compared with outgoing men .
The Annals of Epidemiology study supports other work suggesting a link between personality and health .
A British expert said lower social status may be the root cause of both shyness and poor health .
The researchers tracked the health of more than 2,000 middle - aged men over three decades , until 60 % of their subjects had died .
What we should n't say to people is that if you 're shy , you 're going to die of a heart attack
Dr Eric Brunner , University College London
The death certificates were matched with psychological questionnaires filled in at the start of the study to reveal the personality type of the man in question .
The shyest group of men were 50 % more likely to have died from heart attack or stroke than the group of most sociable men .
When other information about the mens ' lifestyles was analysed , no link to other known risk factors , such as smoking , drinking or obesity came to light - apparently ruling out the theory that shy or unsocial men might be dying because of unhealthy , couch potato behaviour .
The researchers suggested that either that shy men are more stressed by new situations , or that the setting of their personality type is in some way linked to the part of the the brain that controls the smooth operation of the heart .
Easy going
Decades of research suggest there is only one personality type which is not linked to an increase risk of serious disease .
Easy going people - so - called type " B " personalities - appear to be the healthiest .
Type " A " personalities - driven workaholics prone to stress and anger , are more likely to suffer high blood pressure and heart disease , while Type " C " people , who suppress their feelings , have been connected to an increased risk of cancer .
Other research projects have connected Type " D " people , pessimists with low self - confidence , with heart attack or stroke .
Social stigma
Dr Eric Brunner , an epidemiologist at University College London , said that similar work carried out by him and his colleagues suggested a connection between social status and poor health .
He said it was possible that feeling socially inferior - which could contribute to a shy personality - could introduce unhealthy changes in lifestyle and behaviour , or even disrupt the balance of the body 's hormones .
" What we should n't say to people is that if you 're shy , you 're going to die of a heart attack .
" This research is interesting , and may be showing one of the pathways by which lower social status is connected to disease .
" It suggests that social anxiety is very important - one of the reasons that a hierarchy exists is because people feel that they participate to a greater or lesser extent in the activities of the society in which we live . "
Adjust font size :
Most people say they 're tired when they skip their morning run or nod off during their favorite 9 o'clock sitcom .
But if you want to know about real bone - crunching fatigue , the kind that chains you to your bed , ask someone with a thyroid disorder .
For me , the exhaustion was totally out of character .
I 'd always been high - energy , even a tad hyper .
Six hours of sleep a night was enough .
Then last fall I became a different person , someone I did n't like very much at all .
I 'd get up at 7:15 and see my 13 - year - old out the door , then lie down .
Next thing I knew it was 8 a.m. and there were a mere 10 minutes left to get my 10 - year - old fed and to school .
As if her tardies were n't bad enough , I started crawling back into bed again after I dropped her off .
Suddenly there were n't enough hours in the day to earn the living that supported us all .
Though I mentioned the problem to my doctor , all he did was offer sleeping pills .
But then my younger sister discovered she had a thyroid problem , and her doctor said it runs in families .
( Health.com :
Why thyroid disorders are so common )
I read a list of the possible symptoms -- exhaustion , depression , constipation , hair loss , and heavy periods , among others -- and all the pieces began to fall into place .
I have hypothyroidism .
I share the disorder with millions of Americans , most of them women .
And today , in many ways , I 'm luckier than most .
Thanks to my symptoms and a family history , my doctor put me on thyroid medication .
Now , at 44 , I 'm back to my usual self .
My fatigue and constipation are gone and my eyebrows are growing back .
I 'm lucky .
Millions of people are n't getting the help they deserve .
You may be one of them .
A thyroid epidemic ?
The Colorado Thyroid Disease Prevalence Study , published in 2000 , found that as much as 10 percent of the population may have a thyroid disorder , and as many as half of those cases were thought to be undiagnosed .
Six years later , that 's considered a conservative estimate .
Some experts say a woman over 35 has a 30 percent chance of developing hypothyroidism .
When I tell people about my condition , the room echoes .
They say they have it , too , or report that a friend or family member does .
( Health.com : Feeling sluggish ?
Try sushi )
What 's going on ?
New thinking seems to be uncovering many more people who suffer from hypothyroidism -- happy news , assuming they get treated .
For decades the disorder has usually , but not always , been diagnosed with a blood test , a good place to start if you think you may have it ( see " How to Find Answers , " at right ) .
In recent years the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists recommended narrowing the so - called normal range for blood - test scores , catching millions more whose thyroid issues would n't have been diagnosed otherwise .
Even if your results fail to flag a problem , you may still have symptoms and be a candidate for treatment .
( Health.com : Help for hypothyroidism )
Hello , sluggishness
Your thyroid is a tiny , butterfly - shaped gland at the base of your neck .
Sometimes described as the body 's thermostat , it controls energy flow .
Hypothyroidism , also called low thyroid , means the gland is n't producing enough hormones to do its job .
The most frequent cause is Hashimoto 's thyroiditis , a condition that causes your body to produce antibodies that attack the thyroid .
A shortage of thyroid hormones makes you sluggish at every level .
Slowed digestion causes constipation , sluggish metabolism leads to weight gain and elevated cholesterol , even hair and skin can become dry and coarse ( and hair can fall out ) because they 're not getting enough nutrients .
The brain also needs thyroid hormones to use oxygen and stimulate the production of chemicals like serotonin and dopamine that regulate emotions .
That 's why hypothyroidism can lead to depression and moodiness , not to mention the fuzzy thinking that nearly every thyroid patient complains about .
Other symptoms , such as heavy periods , cramps , and a queasy stomach , are trickier for doctors to connect to an underactive thyroid .
( Health.com : Making sense of medical tests )
Most of these symptoms may sound familiar - - it 's not unusual for a 30 - , 40 - , or 50 - something woman to feel tired , bummed out , and a little bit overweight -- and this makes hypothyroidism that much harder to diagnose .
In many cases , doctors assume a woman is simply going through perimenopause or suffering mild depression .
" It 's all too common for a doctor to hear ' tired , moody , forgetful ' and offer the patient a prescription for antidepressants , " says Richard Shames , M.D. , of San Rafael , California , a thyroid specialist .
There are few things more frustrating than getting the wrong treatment .
My younger sister was told to take antacids for her nausea .
Doctors did n't immediately recognize her hypothyroidism in part because she 's thin and did n't feel tired .
" It was awful , " she says .
" My husband would cook us a great dinner , I 'd eat one bite and feel so sick I 'd have to crawl into bed . "
After doing her own research and insisting that her doctor give her a relatively new kind of test , my sister got an accurate diagnosis .
It took a while to get the right dosage of medication , and that 's not uncommon .
( Treatment usually consists of replacement hormones . )
But the nausea is gone now .
Good - bye , desperation
" I 've seen so many patients come in with the same story , " says Stephen E. Langer , M.D. , a thyroid specialist in Berkeley , California .
" From their symptoms , it 's clear that their thyroid is underactive .
But either it does n't show up on standard tests , so their previous doctor refused to prescribe medication , or they are on medication but it 's not working . "
The desperation seems all the more unjust when you realize that being treated can be a life - affirming event .
My friend Cathryn Jakobson Ramin , 49 , a fellow writer from Mill Valley , California , is a wonderful example .
A few years ago , she noticed that her hands and feet were always cold , her hair was falling out , and her memory was increasingly iffy .
After a few years of being told her thyroid tests were normal , Cathryn found her way to a specialist .
Once treated , she noticed a huge improvement in her memory .
At a recent party where hypothyroidism came up in conversation , several friends described unsuccessful attempts to get treated for symptoms that seemed suspiciously hypothyroid , while others raved about how much better they felt taking thyroid medication .
Cathryn came up to the group , listened for a moment , then announced , " They should put it in the water . "
Frequent Health contributor Melanie Haiken lives in Northern California .
What to Know About Mortgage Forbearance
For those who are not familiar with the term , forbearance is when your lender ...
Previous Population Dynamics Next
In this page we explore the effects of four additional parameters of population dynamics , going well beyond the simple fertility index of the previous model .
To visualize the impact on populations of changes in these parameters , we will employ a slightly more sophisticated simulation .
Your browser does not support Java , so nothing is displayed .
To start the simulation , click the Start button .
To see how the size of the population is changing over time , click the Population tab at the top of the graph .
Try to stabilize the size of the population by adjusting the Fertility slider  it's not easy to bring it under control in just a few years !
To see how the fertility parameters work , click the Fertility tab at the top of the graph .
The graph showing birthrate by age of mother will change shape in response to the two fertility sliders .
The effects of the three mortality parameters may be seen under the Mortality tab .
Public health programs ( vaccinations and protection of the water supply , for example ) generally improve infant and child mortality .
Medical and pharmaceutical technology , on the other hand , generally improve adult mortality .
As countries industrialize and modernize , they undergo a century - long demographic transition from very high birth and death rates to very low .
Historically , infant mortality is the first to decrease , follwed by adult mortality and fertility .
At the same time , the average age at which mothers have their first child gradually increases .
Japan and many countries of Europe now have fertility rates well below 2.0 , which means that their populations will soon begin to decrease .
As this happens the ratio of elderly to working - age adults sharply increases , putting severe strains on the ability of each generation to care for its retirees .
Click here for supporting detail on population dynamics , including a glossary of terms , links to quantitative evidence and data , alternative views and opinions , and the workings of the mathematical model .
Peter B. was an out - of - work PHP developer looking for contract work in early 2005 .
A recruiter he'd worked with in the past emailed him some information regarding a possible position .
Reading the job description , Peter thought he'd be a good fit , so he submitted his resume and got a response via email a few days later .
The hiring manager described their typical process ;
Peter would have to answer a screening question to determine his skill level , and if his answer was satisfactory , they 'd schedule a face - to - face interview .
With a little trepidation , Peter said he was ready for the question .
He was concerned that it could be about a complex topic that he was n't very familiar with .
A few hours later , an email arrived with the subject " SCREENING QUESTION , " flagged with high importance .
His mouse hovering over the email , he expected to open it and have to answer " on a PB349 microprocessor , if memory address 0xa9f00 c contains a MOV instruction to memory address 0x8ad9da , what is the magnetic force dispensed by a 64KB memory module for the next 600 instructions ?
You have thirty seconds . "
Peter took a deep breath and clicked on the email .
Here is the exact question he was asked : " Describe what concatenation is , how it applies to PHP , and how you 've used it in the past . "
Peter was surprised .
It was a question that anyone with any basic exposure to any modern programming language could answer .
It would 've been harder to describe what multiplication was and how he'd used it in the past .
Still , he wanted to show that he understood the concept , so he played along .
He typed up a detailed response .
Concatenation is the process to sequentially join multiple pieces of data , usually literal strings with non-string - literal data ( most commonly , variables or other literals ) .
The concatenation operator varies from language to language .
Javascript , for example , overloads the plus- sign (+ ) as it is both the concatenation operator as well as the arithmetic addition operator .
PHP uses the period (. ) as the concatenation operator .
String concatenation is often used in PHP to build a string of HTML for output to the client ( browser ) .
This is common in prodecural - based PHP code .
However , I should note that oftentimes , that using concatenation for HTML generation is inefficient or can be better served by some other design pattern - particulary if the developer is using concatention during an echo operation ( in this case , comma - separating the tokens is faster ) .
Another common use for string concatenation is the generation of dynamic SQL queries .
For example , if I had a CMS that was to pull all articles written by a certain user , the code might look something like this <? php
$ sql = " SELECT article_id , article_body FROM Articles WHERE author_id = " . $ User -> getID ( ) . " ORDER BY article_date DESC " ;
?>
As you can see , the above code combines three tokens to generate a complete SQL query .
A SQL fragment
The user 's ID as pulled from a custom User object A SQL fragment SQL queries are rarely generated without some sort of dynamic data to alter their structure , so this is a very common task that I 've used in just about every web application I 've written .
Some other simple examples include cookie generation , error message generation , email headers , and dynamic URL construction .
I hope this sufficiently explains concatenation in general , how it relates to PHP , and my experience with using this basic operator .
Peter sent the email and got a phone call a few days later .
Peter : Hello ?
Lisa : Hi , Peter ?
This is Lisa from Concatcorp .
Peter : Oh , hi !
Good to hear from you !
I hope you have news about the job .
Lisa :
Well , yes , but ...
Peter : Yes ?
Lisa :
We 're going to offer the position to another candidate .
Peter : I see ... may I ask why ?
I thought I did a pretty thorough job answering the screening question ...
Lisa :
Well , that 's just it .
The problem is that they think your answer was too good .
They think you plagiarized it .
I 'm sorry .
It was then that Peter realized he was probably better off without that job .
Give your service away for free , possibly ad supported but maybe not , acquire a lot of customers very efficiently through word of mouth , referral networks , organic search marketing , etc , then offer premium priced value added services or an enhanced version of your service to your customer base .
Examples :
Skype – basic in network voice is free , out of network calling is a premium service
Flickr – a handful of pictures a month is free , heavy users convert to Pro
Trillian – the basic service is free , but there is paid version that is full featured
Newsgator – the web reader is free .
If you want to synch with outlook and your mobile phone , that ’s a paid service
Box .net – you get 1 gb of virtual storage for free , but you have to pay for more than that
Webroot – you can get a free spyware scan , but for full protection you need to pay
This business model has been around for a long time .
Shareware always used a model like this and there are many successful software companies that have been built with this model .
It works even better with web native services .
A customer is only a click away and if you can convert them without forcing them into a price / value decision you can build a customer base fairly rapidly and efficiently .
It is important that you require as little as possible in the initial customer acquisition process .
Asking for a credit card even though you wo n’t charge anything to it is not a good idea .
Even forced registration is a bad idea .
You ’ll want to do some of this sort of thing once you ’ve acquired the customer but not in the initial interaction .
Do n’t require any downloads to start .
Do n’t require plugins .
Support every browser with any material market share .
Make sure your service works on various flavors of Windows , OSX , and Linux .
In short , eliminate all barriers to the initial customer acquisition .
And make sure that whatever the customer gets day one for free , they are always going to get for free .
Nothing is more irritating to a potential customer than a “ bait and switch ” or a retrade of the value proposition .
The best examples of this business model are when the customer implicitly understands why the paid service has to cost money .
More storage costs for photos or virtual storage are good examples .
Termination costs on other carriers networks in the Skype model are another .
When it is just additional features that do n’t carry an incremental cost to offer , it may be harder to convert free users to paid users .
But if your free service is loved and you do a good job articulating the value that comes with the paid service , you can convert to paying users with good results .
I would like to have a name for this business model .
We ’ve got words like subscription , ad supported , license , and ASP , that are well understood .
Do we have a word for this business model ?
If so , I do n’t know it .
Saudis reportedly funding Iraqi Sunni insurgents CAIRO ( AP )  Private Saudi citizens are giving millions of dollars to Sunni insurgents in Iraq and much of the money is used to buy weapons , including shoulder fired anti-aircraft missiles , according to key Iraqi officials and others familiar with the flow of cash .
Saudi government officials deny that any money from their country is being sent to Iraqis fighting the government and the U.S. - led coalition .
But the U.S. Iraq Study Group report said Saudis are a source of funding for Sunni Arab insurgents .
Several truck drivers interviewed by The Associated Press described carrying boxes of cash from Saudi Arabia into Iraq , money they said was headed for insurgents .
Two high - ranking Iraqi officials , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the issue 's sensitivity , told the AP most of the Saudi money comes from private donations , called zaqat , collected for Islamic causes and charities .
Some Saudis appear to know the money is headed to Iraq 's insurgents , but others merely give it to clerics who channel it to anti-coalition forces , the officials said .
In one recent case , an Iraqi official said $ 25 million in Saudi money went to a top Iraqi Sunni cleric and was used to buy weapons , including Strela , a Russian shoulder - fired anti-aircraft missile .
The missiles were purchased from someone in Romania , apparently through the black market , he said .
Overall , the Iraqi officials said , money has been pouring into Iraq from oil - rich Saudi Arabia , a Sunni bastion , since the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq toppled the Sunni - controlled regime of Saddam Hussein in 2003 .
Saudi officials vehemently deny their country is a major source of financial support for the insurgents .
" There is n't any organized terror finance , and we will not permit any such unorganized acts , " said Brig .
Gen. Mansour al - Turki , a spokesman for the Saudi Interior Ministry .
About a year ago the Saudi government set up a unit to track any " suspicious financial operations , " he said .
But the Iraq Study Group said " funding for the Sunni insurgency comes from private individuals within Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states . "
Saudi officials say they cracked down on zakat abuses , under pressure from the United States , after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington .
The Iraqi officials , however , said some funding goes to Iraq 's Sunni Arab political leadership , who then disburse it .
Other money , they said , is funneled directly to insurgents .
The distribution network includes Iraqi truck and bus drivers .
Several drivers interviewed by the AP in Middle East capitals said Saudis have been using religious events , like the hajj pilgrimage to Mecca and a smaller pilgrimage , as cover for illicit money transfers .
Some money , they said , is carried into Iraq on buses with returning pilgrims .
" They sent boxes full of dollars and asked me to deliver them to certain addresses in Iraq , " said one driver , who gave his name only as Hussein , out of fear of reprisal .
" I know it is being sent to the resistance , and if I do n't take it with me , they will kill me . "
He was told what was in the boxes , he said , to ensure he hid the money from authorities at the border .
The two Iraqi officials would not name specific Iraqi Sunnis who have received money from Saudi Arabia .
But Iraq issued an arrest warrant for Harith al - Dhari , a Sunni opponent of the Iraqi government , shortly after he visited Saudi Arabia in October .
He was accused of sectarian incitement .
Saudi Arabia is a key U.S. ally in the Middle East .
The Iraq Study Group report noted that its government has assisted the U.S. military with intelligence on Iraq .
But Saudi citizens have close tribal ties with Sunni Arabs in Iraq , and sympathize with their brethren in what they see as a fight for political control — and survival — with Iraq 's Shiites .
The Saudi government is determined to curb the growing influence of its chief rival in the region , Iran .
Tehran is closely linked to Shiite parties that dominate the Iraqi government .
Saudi officials say the kingdom has worked with all sides to reconcile Iraq 's warring factions .
They have , they point out , held talks in Saudi Arabia with Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr , whose militia is accused of killing Sunnis .
These officials say zakat donations are now channeled through supervised bank accounts .
Cash donation boxes , once prevalent in supermarkets and shopping malls , have been eliminated .
Still , Iraq 's foreign minister expressed concern about the influence of neighboring Sunni states at a recent Arab foreign ministers meeting in Cairo .
" We hope that Saudi Arabia will keep the same distance from each and all Iraqi parties , " Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari later told the AP .
Last month , the New York Times reported that a classified U.S. government report said Iraq 's Sunni Arab insurgency had become self - sufficient financially , raising millions from oil smuggling , kidnapping and Islamic charities .
The report did not say whether any money came from Saudi Arabia .
Allegations the insurgents have purchased shoulder - fired Strela missiles raise concerns that they are obtaining increasingly sophisticated weapons .
On Nov. 27 , a U.S. Air Force F - 16 jet crashed while flying in support of American soldiers fighting Anbar province , a Sunni insurgent hotbed .
The U.S. military said it had no information about the cause of the crash .
Gen. William Caldwell , a U.S. military spokesman , said he would be surprised if the jet was shot down because F - 16's have not encountered weapons capable of taking them down in Iraq .
But last week , a spokesman for Saddam 's ousted Baath party claimed that fighters armed with a Strela missile had shot down the jet .
" We have stockpiles of Strelas and we are going to surprise them ( the Americans ) , " Khudair al - Murshidi , the spokesman told the AP in Damascus , Syria .
He would not say how the Strelas were obtained .
Saddam 's army had Strelas ; it is not known how many survived the 2003 war .
The Strela is a shoulder - fired , low - altitude system with a passive infrared guidance system .
The issue of Saudi funding for the insurgency could gain new prominence as the Bush administration reviews its Iraq policy , especially if it seeks to engage Iran and Syria in peace efforts .
Bush 's national security adviser , Stephen Hadley , wrote in a recent leaked memo that Washington should " step up efforts to get Saudi Arabia to take a leadership role in supporting Iraq , by using its influence to move Sunni populations out of violence into politics . "
Last week , a Saudi who headed a security consulting group close to the Saudi government , Nawaf Obaid , wrote in the Washington Post that Saudi Arabia would use money , oil and support for Sunnis to thwart Iranian efforts to dominate Iraq if American troops pulled out .
The Saudi government denied the report and fired Obaid .
Copyright 2006 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge AP
An insurgent holds a grenade launcher Tuesday in Ramadi , Iraq .
Tunneling Under the Bering Strait Russia Wants a Rail Link to North America
Moscow is promoting a new " megaproject " to link Asia with North America by train , pipeline , and fiber - optic cable across the Bering Strait .
But skeptics suspect it may be just a bluff to scare Europe about the future of Russian oil and gas supplies .
An artificial big toe attached to the foot of an ancient Egyptian mummy could prove to be the world 's earliest functional prosthetic body part , say scientists .
Research at The University of Manchester is hoping to prove that the wood and leather artefact in the Cairo Museum not only looked the part but also helped its owner walk ' like an Egyptian ' .
If true , the toe will predate what is currently considered to be the earliest known practical prosthesis - an artificial leg from 300 BC - by several hundred years .
Jacky Finch , who is carrying out the study at Manchester 's KNH Centre for Biomedical Egyptology , is recruiting volunteers whose right big toe has been lost in order to test an exact replica of the artificial toe .
A model of a second false Egyptian big toe on display in the British Museum , albeit without its mummy , will also be tested at the Human Performance Laboratory at nearby University of Salford .
" The toes date from between 1000 and 600 BC , so if we can prove that one or both were functional then we will have pushed back prosthetic medicine by as much as 700 years , " said Jacky .
" The Cairo toe is the most likely of the two to be functional as it is articulated and shows signs of wear .
It is still attached to the foot of the mummy of a female between 50 and 60 years of age .
The amputation site is also well healed . "
The British Museum artefact - named the Greville Chester Great
Toe after the collector who acquired it for the museum in 1881 - is made from cartonnage , a sort of papier maché made using linen , glue and plaster .
It too shows signs of wear , indicating that it may have been worn by its owner in life and not simply attached to the foot during mummification for religious or ritualistic reasons .
However , unlike the Cairo specimen , the Greville Chester toe does not bend and so is likely to have been more cosmetic .
" The Human Performance Laboratory will use state - of - the - art technology to test whether the replicas of the artificial toes benefit the wearer and could therefore be deemed functional , " said Jacky .
" If either one is functional it may be interesting to manufacture it with modern materials and trial it for use on people with missing toes . "
Note :
The oldest known functional prosthesis is the Roman Capua Leg , which was made of bronze and dates from about 300BC .
The leg was held at the Royal College of Surgeons in London but was destroyed by Luftwaffe bombs during the Second World War .
Yesterday I took a pilgrimage to two holy sites : Trinity
This was where the first atomic bomb was detonated , on July 16 , 1945 .
The site is located on the White Sands Missile Range , and is open to the public twice a year .
Needless to say , it 's in the middle of nowhere .
You drive for miles across desert scrubland , to arrive at a fenced in area the size of a soccer field .
One morning over 60 years ago , the desert floor glowed brighter and hotter than the surface of the Sun .
The bomb was detonated at the top of a 100 ft steel tower .
A small piece of twisted steel , one of the footings of the tower , is all that remains .
As you walk the site , you notice little pieces of mottled greenish glass ( think tiny shards of a beer bottle ) .
This is trinitite : sand from the desert floor melted into glass by the explosion .
After the explosion the entire crater floor was covered with trinitite , forming a green glassy bowl .
Since then the trinitite has been bulldozed , though scattered pieces remain .
We brought a Geiger counter , which provided the main indication that this patch of Earth is unlike your average backyard .
At the epicenter the radiation level is roughly an order of magnitude higher than background levels .
It is unnerving to be exploring a nondescript patch of desert while your Geiger counter clicks up a storm .
One becomes contemplative at the site .
Holding a piece of trinite , you realize that it was forged at the instant of the birth of the atomic age .
That this tiny piece of glass is a physical remnant of humanity 's loss of innocence .
Very Large Array
A couple of hours away from Trinity sits the Very Large Array ( VLA ) , part of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory .
The VLA is perhaps the single most publicly recognizable scientific installation .
It is extraordinarily photogenic ; the film Contact moved the observatory into the " A " list of movie stars .
It is hard not to be impressed by its sheer scale : 27 radio dishes , each of them 25 meters ( 82 feet ) in diameter and weighing 230 tons .
The dishes move along 21 kilometer ( 13 mile ) long train tracks , allowing for various configurations trading off resolution and field - of - view .
These tracks are arranged into three arms radiating from a central point , forming a scientific trinity .
This trinity has led to great enlightenment .
The receivers are in the 70 Mhz -- 50 Ghz frequency range , corresponding to wavelengths of 400 - - 0.7 cm .
Because these radio wavelengths are long , a much larger dish is needed to produce a resolution on the sky equivalent to optical telescopes .
The angular resolution of a telescope can be approximated by : θ = λ/d , where θ is the angular resolution ( in radians ) , λ is the wavelength of the observed radiation , and d is the diameter of the telescope .
For reference , the full moon is ~0.5 degrees = 30 arcminutes = 1800 arcsec across , and 1 arcsec ~ 5e - 6 radians .
The center of the visible ( optical ) band of light , corresponding to the color green , has λ ~ 500 nm = 5e - 5 cm .
To image something green on the sky to 1 arcsecond ( which optical telescopes routinely do ) thus requires a telescope of size at least 10 cm .
To make an equivalent image in radio frequencies ( which have wavelengths roughly 100,000 times longer ) requires a dish 100,000 times bigger : instead of 10 cm , we need a dish 10 km across .
There are two ways to address this : ( 1 ) Make a humongous dish .
The Arecibo dish in Puerto Rico is 300 meters across .
( 2 ) Make use of interferometry .
The VLA combines the data streams from 27 dishes to produce a single image , corresponding to a much larger single observatory .
Each individual pair of dishes can be thought of as sampling an interference pattern of a point source , or measuring a Fourier component of the full brightness distribution of an extended source .
With sufficient numbers of pairs , a detailed image can be reconstructed .
The VLA has 27 dishes , and thus 26+25+24 +..+1 = 351 separate pairs .
In the A configuration , the dishes are placed at their furthest positions , leading to a maximum pair separation of 36 km .
This corresponds to the resolution of a single dish 36 km across , with a collecting area ( and thus sensitivity ) of a single dish 130 meters in diameter .
In its highest frequency band , and in its widest observing mode , the VLA has an effective resolution of 0.05 arcsec .
At present the VLA is in D configuration , which is its most tightly - packed : all the dishes are within 1 km of each other .
In addition to having great resolving power , the VLA is extraordinarily sensitive .
If you were sitting on the Moon trying to make a cellphone call , and the VLA pointed at you , you would completely overwhelm its detectors .
Needless to say , all cellphones must be turned off on the VLA grounds .
In addition , computers need to be shielded in metallic rooms ( Faraday cages ) .
Most importantly , the observatory has to be far from all possible interference .
It is in a remote part of New Mexico , surrounded by mountains which act as natural shields .
The VLA has been responsible for many spectacular discoveries , on everything from magnetars in our Milky Way to quasars at the far reaches of the observable Universe .
Both the Trinity Test site and the VLA are located in the New Mexican desert .
Both are deliberately remote .
And both are testaments to human ingenuity .
They remind us of the tremendous and the terrible power of science .
Researchers have used nanotechnology to create transparent transistors and circuits , a step that promises a broad range of applications , from e-paper and flexible color screens for consumer electronics to “ smart cards ” and “ heads - up ” displays in auto windshields .
The transistors are made of single “ nanowires , ” or tiny cylindrical structures that were assembled on glass or thin films of flexible plastic .
“ The nanowires themselves are transparent , the contacts we put on them are transparent and the glass or plastic substrate is transparent , ” said David Janes , a researcher at Purdue University ’s Birck Nanotechnology Center and a professor in the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering .
Other researchers had previously created nanowire transistors , but the metal electrodes in the transistors were non-transparent , which made the overall structure opaque , said Tobin J. Marks , the Vladimir N. Ipatieff Professor of Chemistry and a professor in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at Northwestern University .
“ Our study demonstrates that nanowire electronics can be fully transparent , as well as flexible , while maintaining high performance levels , ” Marks said .
“ This opens the door to entirely new technologies for high - performance transparent flexible displays . ”
Findings were detailed this month in a research paper in the journal Nature Nanotechnology .
The advancement has three broad areas of potential applications :
* Transparent displays for uses such as heads - up displays on windshields and information displays on eyeglasses and visors .
The displays enable drivers to see information without looking down at the dashboard and could project information on visors for workers without obstructing their view .
Potential applications also include sports goggles for spectators to follow a particular player while having relevant statistics displayed and real - time interactive information for soldiers and surgeons .
* Flexible displays for future “ e- paper , ” promising to allow full - motion video .
E - paper is a technology designed to mimic regular ink on paper .
Unlike conventional flat - panel displays , which use a backlight to illuminate pixels , e-paper reflects light like ordinary paper and is capable of holding text and images indefinitely without drawing electricity while allowing the image to be changed later .
Potential uses of e-paper include low - cost , energy efficient ways of displaying information and video as a replacement for paper in magazines , newspapers , books , electronic signs and billboards .
* Transparent and flexible electronics for radio frequency identification tags , electronic bar codes and smart credit cards , which resemble ordinary credit cards but contain an embedded microprocessor .
This microprocessor replaces the usual magnetic strip on a credit or debit card , increasing the security of data stored on the card and enabling computers to “ talk ” to the microprocessor .
Such a technology could be used to display balances on cards and could be used for the free flow of people through transportation systems , avoiding the need of ticketing machines or validation gates .
The cards could contain encryption software , secure data for use in pay phones and banking , and to contain health - care data for patients and allow tamper - proof identification information for workers .
The nanowires were made of zinc oxide or indium oxide .
Unlike conventional computer chips – called CMOS , for complementary metal oxide semiconductor chips – the thin - film transistors could be produced less expensively under low temperatures , making them ideal to incorporate into plastic films , which melt under high - temperature processing .
Liquid crystal displays now used in applications such as color cell phone screens are made with thin - film electronics .
This thin - film technology makes it possible to lay down electronic devices in large sheets containing individual pixels .
Current thin - film electronics use technologies known as amorphous silicon and poly - silicon .
“ These approaches work fine if you have a flat , rigid display that ’s going to be opaque , ” Janes said .
“ They require fairly high - temperature processing , so they are not good on plastic , although industry is working really hard to get them on plastic and make them lightweight , flexible and transparent . ”
An alternative , emerging technology uses so - called “ organic ” or “ plastic ” transistors to replace the conventional silicon that has been a mainstay of microelectronics for decades .
While this technology enables transistors to be embedded in or printed on flexible plastic , it has lower performance , although major advances are being made , Marks said .
The new research represents the best of both worlds .
“ You can get high performance because the nanowires themselves give you some unique performance advantages , and you could still think of dispersing them down over large areas for displays , smart credit cards and other applications , ” Janes said .
The nanowires are transparent because they are made of materials that do not absorb light in the visible range of the spectrum .
In conventional electronics , transistors are connected to the rest of the circuitry by tiny lines of metal that act as wires .
But in the new approach , the nanowires are the transistors .
“ This is a different kind of wire , ” Janes said .
“ It is basically taking the place of the silicon in silicon electronics . ”
One reason for the higher performance realized in the new technology is that the devices have a better “ on - off ratio ” than previous thin - film technologies , Janes said .
Having a good on - off ratio helps conserve power , making the new thin - film transistors practical for portable battery - powered devices .
“ In a transistor , you are trying to turn it off and on , like a switch , ” Janes said .
“ But unlike a wall switch in your house , a transistor never really turns completely off .
There is always a little bit of leakage through it , sort of like crimping a garden hose . ”
The nanowire transistors help to reduce this leakage while also offering the possibility of precisely controlling the pixels in displays .
“ We think of transistors as switches , but we do n’t just want them to be full on or full off , ” Janes said .
“ We ’d like it to have gray scale , to be able to mix up many colors to get different subtle shades .
And that ’s in part where this on - off ratio comes into play .
We want to be able to turn it on , have the pixel light up really bright , but we also want to be able to controllably dim it down . ”
Television screens contain millions of pixels .
Rows and columns of circuits crisscross in the large arrays , with each pixel located at the intersections .
Control circuitry drives transistors and turns them on and off .
Researchers found that transistors using a single nanowire carry enough current to drive a single pixel .
“ Ideally , we want to have circuitry where each pixel has a drive transistor and then some control transistors with it so that you can turn your pixels on and off , ” Janes said .
The new nanowire transistors could be used to create electronics based on another emerging technology called OLEDS , or organic light - emitting diodes .
OLEDS are now used in cell phone and MP3 displays and the newest television sets , Marks said .
Unlike liquid crystal displays , the pixels in OLEDS directly emit light .
“ In LCDs , the whole screen is backlit by a white light , and then each pixel is basically just a little filter that you can turn on and off , ” Janes said .
“ So the light you see is not directly being emitted by that pixel ; it ’s being kind of screened by that pixel .
In OLEDS , each pixel directly emits light , making the color richer and eliminating the need to backlight the display .
Because OLEDS pixels are bright only when their part of the image is bright , they are more efficient , and they are ideal for use in transparent displays . ”
The technology also could be used to create new flexible antennas that unfurl like a sail and aim their signals more precisely than current antennas .
“ What the military would really like is for the soldiers to be able to pull up to their destinations and unroll this large - area antenna array and be able to communicate with each other , ” Janes said “ Most antennas do n’t work this way now .
For example , you might notice that your cell phone sometimes gets a signal and sometimes does n’t .
Part of the reason for this is that your antenna does n’t have any way to look just in one direction versus everywhere .
You want this sort of omni-directional effect in commercial broadcast antennas for television or radio , but for certain military communications you ’d like to go just from one soldier to another and transmit in a tight beam . ”
The new transparent technology has been shown to have “ carrier mobilities ” similar to those of conventional computer microprocessors , meaning electrons travel in the devices at nearly the same speed as current consumer electronics but in a low - cost , flexible package .
“ The significantly higher mobilities than other thin - film transistor technologies offer the potential to operate at much higher speeds and to use much smaller transistors and other devices , ” Janes said .
Research has been funded by NASA through the Institute for Nanoelectronics and Computing , based at Purdue ’s Discovery Park , and at Northwestern University .
Nanotechnology is critical for the advancement because electricity flows differently on the scale of nanometers , or billionths of a meter , than it does in larger wires .
The nanowires used in the research measure as small as 20 nanometers in diameter .
A single nanometer is roughly the size of 20 hydrogen atoms strung together .
Future research is expected to include work to integrate the thin - film transistors into large circuits and to develop ways to interconnect numerous transistors .
Source : Purdue University
The stone was being used to add a two - inch layer to the bridge deck .
Its weight , and the weight of the trucks carrying it , would most likely not be a threat to a bridge in good condition , engineers said , but could play a role in causing the failure of a structure that was already weakened .
Completion of the computer analysis is probably still weeks away , investigators said .
Once the wreckage is removed from the Mississippi River , the plan is to lay out the debris on shore and identify each piece of metal and its role in the structure , in an effort to determine what failed first .
Investigators will pay special attention to components that had been identified before the collapse as needing repair .
The board ’s final report on the collapse may be more than a year away .
Most computer users understand that you need an operating system to use a computer practically , even if it is not clear why .
But many users do n't .
Tech Support : " May I ask what operating system you are running today ? "
" May I ask what operating system you are running today ? "
Customer : " A computer . "
A girl walked into the computer center where I work .
She said she was having problems with her Mac .
I asked what kind of Mac she had .
In an indignant voice , she replied , " Duh , Intosh . "
Tech Support : " What operating system are you running ?
Windows 95 ? "
" What operating system are you running ?
Windows 95 ? " Customer : ( a little too excited ) " 95 , 97 , 98 , I 've got them all ! "
After conferring with her husband , it turned out she owned a Macintosh with System 8.1 .
Tech Support : " What version of Windows are you running ? "
" What version of Windows are you running ? " Customer : " I got the computer in 2003 , so I think it 's a Windows 2003 .
Or maybe it 's a Windows 2004 ?
I got it late in the year . "
" I got the computer in 2003 , so I think it 's a Windows 2003 .
Or maybe it 's a Windows 2004 ?
I got it late in the year . "
Tech Support : " Um , ok . "
" Um , ok . "
Customer : " Is that wrong ? "
" Is that wrong ? " Tech Support : " No , no , that sounds about right .
Tell me , would you know what service pack you have for that ? "
" No , no , that sounds about right .
Tell me , would you know what service pack you have for that ? "
Customer : " Well , when I got to the register , the young man who rang me up said was about the 5th person to buy it .
So it might be service pack 5 . "
A kid in my class joined a conversation I was having about older computers .
Him : " I have the oldest Windows ever at my house .
It 's Windows 92 . "
" I have the oldest Windows ever at my house .
It 's Windows 92 . "
Me : " Uhhh , there is no such thing as Windows 92 . "
" Uhhh , there is no such thing as Windows 92 . "
Him : " Oh , well it 's something like that .
I 'm pretty sure it 's Windows 94 . "
" Oh , well it 's something like that .
I 'm pretty sure it 's Windows 94 . "
Me : " There 's no such thing as Windows 94 , either . "
" There 's no such thing as Windows 94 , either . "
Him : " Well it 's something like that ! "
Tech Support : " What operating system do you run ? "
" What operating system do you run ? " Customer : " Dial - up . "
Tech Support : " Do you know what operating system you 're on ? "
" Do you know what operating system you 're on ? " Customer : " Hmmm ... what would be a good answer ? "
Customer : " I do n't use DOS .
What would happen if I deleted that directory ? "
One time I had to walk a Windows 95 user through a particular procedure .
Me : " First you need to open DOS - prompt .
I 'll guide you --"
" First you need to open DOS - prompt .
I 'll guide you --" Customer : " MY COMPUTER DOES NOT HAVE DOS !
YOU THINK I RUN THAT ANCIENT SOFTWARE ? " ( click )
My Friend : " I just installed Windows 98 . "
" I just installed Windows 98 . "
Me : " Cool .
But ... it's 2001 .
Why not Windows 2000 or wait for XP to come out ? "
" Cool .
But ... it's 2001 .
Why not Windows 2000 or wait for XP to come out ? "
My Friend : " Oh , 98 is more easily hacked , so I want it . "
" Oh , 98 is more easily hacked , so I want it . "
Me : " You want to get hacked ? "
" You want to get hacked ? " My Friend : " Yes !
Would n't you ? "
" Yes !
Would n't you ? "
Me : " No .... "
" No .... " My Friend : " When you get hacked you get a lot of money !
That 's a good thing ! "
" When you get hacked you get a lot of money !
That 's a good thing ! "
Me : " ?? ? "
My Friend : " What 's your operating system ? "
" What 's your operating system ? " Me : " Linux . "
" Linux . "
My Friend : " You better uninstall it ! "
" You better uninstall it ! " Me : " Why ? "
" Why ? " My Friend : " The government uses Linux to look through your computer and see your every move .
They use it as a security camera into your world . "
" The government uses Linux to look through your computer and see your every move .
They use it as a security camera into your world . "
Me : " Sure .... "
Friend : " I heard about this thing called ' Linux ' . "
" I heard about this thing called ' Linux ' . "
Me : " Oh , I use Linux . "
" Oh , I use Linux . "
Friend : " What is it ? "
" What is it ? " Me : " An operating system . "
" An operating system . "
Friend : " Like Firefox ? "
Friend : " Does Windows 98 support Linux ? "
Customer : " Do you sell Mac OS X for Windows ? "
Overheard in a classroom :
Student : " How much do Windows cost , and do you have to buy each one separately ? "
Customer : " How much do Windows cost ? "
" How much do Windows cost ? " Tech Support : " Windows costs about $ 100 . "
" Windows costs about $ 100 . "
Customer : " Oh , that 's kind of expensive .
Can I buy just one window ? "
Friend : " Hey , cool Mac ! Does it have Windows ! ? "
" Hey , cool Mac ! Does it have Windows ! ? "
Me : ( incredulous stare )
( incredulous stare ) Friend : " Oh , wait , that was stupid .
All Macs have Windows . "
Customer : ( angrily )
" You said I would get 98 windows with this computer .
Where are they ? "
Tech Support : " What version of Windows do you have installed ? "
" What version of Windows do you have installed ? " Customer : " ... Double glazed . "
A customer called in with modem problems .
Tech Support : " Ok , we 're going to check your modem settings .
First thing we need to do is make sure all programs are closed . "
" Ok , we 're going to check your modem settings .
First thing we need to do is make sure all programs are closed . "
Customer : " How do I know if everything is closed ? "
" How do I know if everything is closed ? "
Me : " Make sure all windows are closed . "
" Make sure all windows are closed . "
Customer : " But ...I 'm in the basement .
I do n't have any windows here . "
Lucky me , I made it to the the mute button in time !
I can't even count how many people I argue with about this , yet they insist there is an operating system call " Windows 95 NT . "
One day I got a call toward the end of the day from a sales rep in Chicago who could n't get his computer to boot up .
We went round and round for about two hours -- nothing worked .
I was ready to pull my hair out , but I do n't like losing .
To lighten the tension of the moment , I started chitchatting with him as we 're waiting to see if the machine will restart .
He has an IBM ThinkPad , and I told him how much I like mine .
Him : " Yeah , they 're ok , but I travel a lot , and I got tired of the darn thing being so heavy , so I installed Windows CE to make it lighter . "
Me : " Do you know what the registry is ? "
" Do you know what the registry is ? "
Friend : " Oh , yes .
I take the registry apart and put it back together all the time . "
I was calling to sign up with a new DSL provider .
When the guy asked what operating system I was using , I said , " Linux . "
I was put on hold for five minutes , and then a supervisor came back and told me , " You ca n't use Linux to connect to the Internet .
It 's a hacker tool , anyway . "
I almost fell out of my chair .
In about 1993 , Cambridge University had a few rooms of 486s , for use by members of the University .
You could get into the rooms at any time of day if you had a key , and the site security would walk around every hour or so at night .
One policy , introduced after a few too many noisy games of network Doom , was that playing games was n't allowed .
One evening , however , I saw someone using eXceed ( an X - Windows server for Microsoft Windows ) to run Motif .
Apparently he was doing something on one of the UNIX machines over the network .
The security guard came up behind him , and the conversation went something like this :
Security Guard : " Could you stop that -- you 're not allowed to play games in here . "
" Could you stop that -- you 're not allowed to play games in here . "
Student : " This is n't a game . "
" This is n't a game . "
Security Guard : " You can't fool me .
That 's not work . "
" You can't fool me .
That 's not work . "
Student : " Yes , it is .
I'm a computer science student -- I 've got a deadline later this week . "
" Yes , it is .
I'm a computer science student -- I 've got a deadline later this week . "
Security Guard : " That does n't look like work to me .
I 'm going to have to ask you to leave . "
" That does n't look like work to me .
I 'm going to have to ask you to leave . "
Student : " What ?
I 'm working .
I 'm working quietly .
Why do I have to leave ? "
" What ?
I 'm working .
I 'm working quietly .
Why do I have to leave ? "
Security Guard : " You 're playing a game , and you 're lying to me .
Out. Now .
Before I turn this machine off . "
Even the other two people in the room could n't persuade the security bloke that it was n't a game .
Overheard in a software shop :
Woman # 1 : " What this Linux thing ? "
" What this Linux thing ? " Woman # 2 : " It 's a program that if you have it on your computer , you can't turn the computer off . "
" It 's a program that if you have it on your computer , you can't turn the computer off . "
Woman # 1 : " Oh . "
Last year , the temp agency I was working for was arranging a contract for me , and some additional " computer skills " tests were necessary .
The branch manager asked what kind of computer I was comfortable with .
I said , " Windows PC , " although I had used several others .
She cut in right then and asked , " Word or Excel ? "
Customer : " I installed Windows 98 on my computer , and it does n't work . "
" I installed Windows 98 on my computer , and it does n't work . "
Tech Support : " Ok , what happens when you turn on your computer ? "
" Ok , what happens when you turn on your computer ? "
Customer : " Boy , are you listening ?
I said it does n't work . "
" Boy , are you listening ?
I said it does n't work . "
Tech Support : " Well , what happens when you TRY to turn it on ? "
" Well , what happens when you TRY to turn it on ? "
Customer : " Look , I 'm not a computer person .
Talk regular English , not this computer talk , ok ? "
" Look , I 'm not a computer person .
Talk regular English , not this computer talk , ok ? " Tech Support : " Ok , let 's assume your computer is turned off , and you just sat down in front of it , and want to use it .
What do you do ? "
" Ok , let 's assume your computer is turned off , and you just sat down in front of it , and want to use it .
What do you do ? "
Customer : " Do n't talk like I 'm stupid , boy .
I turn it on . "
" Do n't talk like I 'm stupid , boy .
I turn it on . "
Tech Support : " And then what happens ? "
" And then what happens ? " Customer : " What do you mean ? "
" What do you mean ? " Tech Support : " Does anything appear on your monitor ?
I mean , the TV part . "
" Does anything appear on your monitor ?
I mean , the TV part . "
Customer : " The same thing I saw last time I tried . "
" The same thing I saw last time I tried . "
Tech Support : " And that is what ? "
" And that is what ? "
Customer : " Are you sure you know what you 're doing ? "
" Are you sure you know what you 're doing ? " Tech Support : " Yes , sir .
What is on your screen ? "
" Yes , sir .
What is on your screen ? "
Customer : " A bunch of little pictures . "
" A bunch of little pictures . "
Tech Support : " Ok , in the upper left corner , do you see ' My Computer ' . "
" Ok , in the upper left corner , do you see ' My Computer ' . "
Customer : " No , all I see is that little red circle thing with the chunk out of it . "
" No , all I see is that little red circle thing with the chunk out of it . "
Tech Support : " You mean an apple ? "
" You mean an apple ? " Customer : " I guess it kind of looks like an apple . "
Then it took me fifteen minutes to convince him that he had a Mac .
Even after showing him " About this Macintosh . "
I spent another fifteen minutes trying to convince him that Windows 98 would n't work on his Mac .
He said it should work because Windows 98 is for PCs , and he had a PowerPC .
I think he 's still trying to get it to read that CD , because I never could convince him .
Two night forepersons at our company were discussing our new computer network after just having been to a brief orientation session .
One of them wanted to know what " windows " were , so I explained .
Just as she seemed to be catching on to the concept , the other foreperson piped up .
" Well that 's great , because we have ninety - five windows on there ! "
Tech Support : " Do you have any windows open right now ? "
" Do you have any windows open right now ? "
Customer : " Are you crazy woman , it 's twenty below outside ... "
Co-Worker : " What version of DOS does UNIX run ? "
Tech Support : " How can I help you ? "
" How can I help you ? "
Customer : " Well , everything is working fine , but there is one program that is not . "
" Well , everything is working fine , but there is one program that is not . "
Tech Support : " What program is it ? "
" What program is it ? " Customer : " It 's called ' MSDOS Prompt ' . "
" It 's called ' MSDOS Prompt ' . "
Tech Support : " What 's wrong with it ? "
" What 's wrong with it ? "
Customer : " Well , I click on it , a black screen shows up with NOTHING but a sign that reads : ' C: \WINDOWS >' , and it just sits there and does n't do anything .
I have to turn off the system to go back to Windows . "
For my work - study job , I work tech support at a small college .
One night I was working Help Desk and the phone rings .
I pick it up to have a student telling me she can't get the computer to work .
Me : " What operating system are you running ? "
" What operating system are you running ? " Student : " Hunh ? "
" Hunh ? " Me : " Do you have a Mac or a PC ? "
" Do you have a Mac or a PC ? "
Student : " Um , I do n't know . "
" Um , I do n't know . "
Me : " Ok .
What does the screen look like ? "
" Ok .
What does the screen look like ? "
Student : " It 's yellow . "
" It 's yellow . "
Me : " Ok .
What does it say on the computer CPU ? "
" Ok .
What does it say on the computer CPU ? "
Student : " What 's that ? "
" What 's that ? "
Me : " The big grey box . "
" The big grey box . "
Student : " It does n't say anything . "
" It does n't say anything . "
Me : " Never mind that ... do you have a little ' Start ' button at the bottom of the monitor ? "
" Never mind that ... do you have a little ' Start ' button at the bottom of the monitor ? "
Student : " Monitor ? "
" Monitor ? "
Me : " The thing that looks like a TV sceen sitting on the grey box . "
" The thing that looks like a TV sceen sitting on the grey box . "
Student : " Oh !
That !
No . No start button . "
" Oh !
That !
No . No start button . "
Me : " Ok .
Is there a little apple symbol anywhere on the screen ? "
" Ok .
Is there a little apple symbol anywhere on the screen ? "
Student : ( very puzzled )
" Why would I have fruit on my computer ? "
Back in the early days of Windows 95 :
Customer : " I have Windows Thirty One . "
" I have Windows Thirty One . " Tech Support : " Ok , this program requires either Windows 95 or Win32s .
Do you have Win32s on your system ? "
" Ok , this program requires either Windows 95 or Win32s .
Do you have Win32s on your system ? "
Customer : " No , I have Windows Thirty One , not Thirty Two . "
" No , I have Windows Thirty One , not Thirty Two . "
Tech Support : " Windows 3.1 is the operating system .
Win32s is a program that makes your computer fast like Windows 95 . "
" Windows 3.1 is the operating system .
Win32s is a program that makes your computer fast like Windows 95 . "
Customer : " What 's Windows Ninety Five got to do with it ? "
" What 's Windows Ninety Five got to do with it ? "
Tech Supprort : " You need either Windows 95 or Win32s to run this . "
" You need either Windows 95 or Win32s to run this . "
Customer : " I HAVE THIRTY ONE ! WHY WON'T IT WORK ? "
" I HAVE THIRTY ONE ! WHY WON'T IT WORK ? " Tech Support : ( giving up ) " Ma'am , your computer is too old .
Buy a new one with Windows 95 . "
( giving up ) " Ma'am , your computer is too old .
Buy a new one with Windows 95 . "
Customer : " I 've heard about Windows Three Hundred and Eleven .
Would n't that be better than Ninety Five ? "
My father decided that it would be a nice surprise to install Windows 95 on my seven year old computer .
He had one of his employees give him step - by - step written instructions but neglected to mention that my computer is so old .
When I got home he had Windows 95 installed and was struggling to install the first piece of software .
My Dad : " It says there 's insufficient disk space .
How much stuff to you have on the hard drive ? "
" It says there 's insufficient disk space .
How much stuff to you have on the hard drive ? "
Me : " It was almost full .
You should n't have been able to get Windows 95 on there . "
" It was almost full .
You should n't have been able to get Windows 95 on there . "
My Dad : " Well , I just followed these instructions . "
I looked at the instructions and saw that he had backed up everything and wiped the hard drive .
Me : " If you followed these instruction properly , the only thing on the hard drive should be Windows 95 .
How much space does that take up ? "
" If you followed these instruction properly , the only thing on the hard drive should be Windows 95 .
How much space does that take up ? "
My Dad : " It does n't take up any space .
It 's an operating system . "
" It does n't take up any space .
It 's an operating system . "
Me : " No , it takes up a lot of space , and it should n't even be able to fit on this computer . "
" No , it takes up a lot of space , and it should n't even be able to fit on this computer . "
My Dad : " No , you do n't know what you 're talking about .
The problem is that you have too many files .
You have to delete some of them . "
" No , you do n't know what you 're talking about .
The problem is that you have too many files .
You have to delete some of them . "
Me : " You already deleted all my files .
They 're on that stack of disks now . "
" You already deleted all my files .
They 're on that stack of disks now . "
My Dad : " Yes , and those disks are taking up too much space . "
A friend just got his new Aptiva / Win98 system and bought a bunch of software to go along with it .
He installed everything , then complained that when he started his computer up , the screen was so cluttered he was having a hard time finding his desktop .
I talked him through the process of making his desktop a more simple place by turning off fancy wallpaper , toolbars , and so on .
He rebooted and said it was just as bad as it ever was .
Sighing , I took a quick trip over to look at it .
Somewhat to my amazement , I discovered that every time the computer booted up , a half dozen or so program groups opened up on the desktop , and all sorts of programs were spilling their menu contents onto the screen .
After some poking around , I discovered that he had installed everything -- everything -- into his StartUp folder .
I asked him why he installed all his programs in there .
He said , " Well , I wanted to be sure they 'd start up when I needed them , so .... "
My father likes to delete things from the Windows System directory because he 's convinced that 's where the swap file lurks .
I have to reinstall Windows 95 almost every day .
A friend of mine had an old system with a small hard drive and not much memory , so she continued to use Windows 3.1 rather than suffer under the strain of Windows 95/98 .
She called me one day to help her because her computer will no longer run Windows .
Past experience had taught me most of her computer problems were self - inflicted , so I asked her what she had done to the computer recently .
Her : " Well , I needed more space from the hard drive so I could get more JPGs and WAVs from my friends on mIRC . "
" Well , I needed more space from the hard drive so I could get more JPGs and WAVs from my friends on mIRC . "
Me : " Ok , so what did you do ? "
" Ok , so what did you do ? "
Her : " I just deleted all the blank files from my computer . "
" I just deleted all the blank files from my computer . "
Me : " Blank files ? "
" Blank files ? "
Her : " Yes , blank files .
I deleted tham all . "
" Yes , blank files .
I deleted tham all . "
Me : " What exactly is a blank file ? "
" What exactly is a blank file ? "
Her : " When you run File Manager , every file shows a picture .
I just deleted all the ones with the blank page picture . "
Say goodbye to every .DLL and unassociated file on her system .
She was somewhat indignant when she found out she would have to find some Windows 3.1 install diskettes and reinstall every piece of software she wanted to use .
Back in the early nineties , when I was doing PC / LAN support , I was approached by a nervous salesman .
He was very concerned because Excel did not work on his computer anymore .
I asked when it had stopped working and what he had done .
He explained that he had tried to speed Excel up by deleting some spreadsheet files that he did not need , hoping that that would boost performance .
Now , whenever a user gets into trouble after deleting something , this usually needs immediate attention .
So I asked him to tell me exactly what he deleted .
The horrifying answer was that he had used the File Manager to delete all Excel files he found -- you know , files of type EXE .
I went pale .
He said , " That was bad , huh ? "
About two months ago , a client called in screaming profanities at me and demanding that I either give him a refund on his one year old system or send a technician out to repair it immediately .
His problem was that the taskbar was on the right - hand side of his screen , and he could n't get it back to the bottom .
A few days ago , a client called in wondering why he could n't delete items off the Windows desktop .
It was soon discovered that he 'd already dragged Internet Explorer , MS Outlook , and a few other items off into the recycle bin , and was trying to delete ' My Computer ' and ' Network Neighborhood . '
I saw two older looking ladies trying to figure out the computers at a local store .
I knew one of them would say something that I could send to Computer Stupidities , so I tried to listen in .
Woman 1 : " What is that little trash can on the screen ? "
" What is that little trash can on the screen ? " Woman 2 : " My son says that is call the ' recycle bin ' .
He tells me when I do n't want a Word document anymore and I delete it , it really goes in there . "
" My son says that is call the ' recycle bin ' .
He tells me when I do n't want a Word document anymore and I delete it , it really goes in there . "
Woman 1 : " Why in the recycle thingy ?
Ca n't you just erase it ? "
" Why in the recycle thingy ?
Ca n't you just erase it ? "
Woman 2 : " Oh no , Word would n't work for very long if I did that , I would run out of blank pages . "
" Oh no , Word would n't work for very long if I did that , I would run out of blank pages . "
Woman 1 : " Why ? "
" Why ? " Woman 2 : " Because it cleans the words off the pages , then sends the blank sheets back to Word so they can be used again .
That 's why it 's called the recycle bin . "
My coworker ( who uses Windows 95 ) was having trouble downloading a self - extracting archive off the net .
In an attempt to make it easier to open the file with WinZIP , he associated *.EXE with WinZIP .
Nothing worked after that .
Every program he tried to run would load WinZIP first .
He could n't even run REGEDIT to delete the association .
He ultimately had to reinstall Windows 95 and all his programs .
From a Windows 95 user :
Customer : " I think my computer does n't know what it is doing . "
" I think my computer does n't know what it is doing . "
Tech Support : ( pause ) " Why ?
What is the problem with the system ? "
( pause ) " Why ?
What is the problem with the system ? "
Customer : " Well , it keeps asking me , ' What is this ? ' "
Customer : " I keep getting an error message whenever I try using the MSDOS mode in Windows 95 . "
" I keep getting an error message whenever I try using the MSDOS mode in Windows 95 . "
Tech Support : " Can you describe what happens ? "
" Can you describe what happens ? "
Customer : " Well , I keep getting a black screen with an error message saying , ' C: \WINDOWS >'. "
Customer : " Something 's wrong with my computer . "
" Something 's wrong with my computer . "
Tech Support : " Like what ? "
" Like what ? "
Customer : " When I turn it on the screen goes all black . "
" When I turn it on the screen goes all black . "
Tech Support : " Totally black ? "
" Totally black ? " Customer : " Yes . "
" Yes . " Tech Support : " Does it say ' C:\ >' in the corner ? "
" Does it say ' C:\ >' in the corner ? "
Customer : " Yes . "
" Yes . " Tech Support : " Then it 's not really all black , is it ? "
" Then it 's not really all black , is it ? "
Customer : " I guess not . "
" I guess not . "
Tech Support : " Type ' win ' and press the enter key . "
I work at an office supply store .
When Windows 98 came out , we had a sale on new computer systems .
There were more than a few people who were completely taken in by buzzwords and had no idea what they were talking about .
The worst case was a person who spent five or ten minutes looking through Windows Explorer , apparently trying to find something .
Trying to make the sale , I stayed with her , helping her when necessary .
Eventually , I asked to know what she was looking for .
" I 'm trying to run Windows 98 , " she said .
Read in a message board of a local BBS : " I try to avoid using Microsoft .
That 's why I use MS - DOS . "
Tech Support : " What software are you using to backup ?
" What software are you using to backup ?
Customer : " Ms. Dos . " ( spoken like it was a person , like Mr. Dos or Mrs. Dos )
" Ms. Dos . " ( spoken like it was a person , like Mr. Dos or Mrs. Dos ) Tech Support : " What , are you just copying the files with the xcopy or copy command ? "
" What , are you just copying the files with the xcopy or copy command ? "
Customer : " Oh , no I use Ms. Backup for that . "
At least three people from our company have come to me panicked , almost crying .
They all say , " I think I just erased a program !!
Help !! "
In reality , it turns out they just minimized the window .
When I open it again , they gasp , " What did you DO ?!?!? "
We maintain a 24 hour , 800 number call desk for our maintenance contract customers , a very expensive undertaking .
Non-contract customers can call as well , but our per-call maintenance charge is $ 250 / hour , with a minimum of three hours .
If you only call us occasionally , it 's a lot cheaper than a contract , but it 's clearly designed to discourage trivial calls .
In 1996 a per-call customer called .
" What does MSDOS stand for ? " she asked .
We told her .
Her firm paid the $ 750 bill without demur .
One time a user was trying to clean up his hard drive .
He saw a folder called " system " which took up lots of space but only had a few things in it .
So he moved the fonts and sounds to a new location and deleted everything else .
One of our users , upon receiving his new computer , deleted most of the files in the system area .
He said he did n't know what those files did , so he got rid of them .
For some strange reason , the system refused to work properly afterward .
Had a user that called the other day , complaining that all her files were " garbage " and that I should take her computer back and fix them .
It turned out she was looking at system files .
She could n't read the binary code and assumed , therefore , that the files were corrupted .
I was asked to fix Word Perfect once , when it had apparently " just quit working . "
They did n't know why , but it did n't take long for me to find the problem .
They had cleaned up their hard drive by erasing all binary files because " they were n't readable . "
One user -- a regular caller of ours -- got herself into some serious computer trouble when she set about cleaning up her system .
She had been exploring the hard drive in the file manager and discovered hundreds of files in the Windows directory with all different file extensions .
Being of an orderly mind , and with several hours of free time , she had created a TXT folder , a COM folder , a DLL folder , and so forth , and moved all the files into these subdirectories .
Me : " You really should exit Windows before you shut down . "
" You really should exit Windows before you shut down . "
Friend : " Why ? "
" Why ? "
Me : " Well , otherwise you could end up with fragmented files and hard drive errors and that sort of thing . "
" Well , otherwise you could end up with fragmented files and hard drive errors and that sort of thing . "
Friend : " Oh well .
Who cares about hard drive errors ? "
Customer : " My machine wo n't do anything . "
" My machine wo n't do anything . "
Tech Support : " What 's on the screen right now ? "
" What 's on the screen right now ? "
Customer : " It 's frozen , it 's showing my Windows desktop . "
" It 's frozen , it 's showing my Windows desktop . "
Tech Support : " Try hitting Ctrl - Alt - Delete , tell me what happens . "
" Try hitting Ctrl - Alt - Delete , tell me what happens . "
Customer : ( taptaptap ) " Nothing . "
( taptaptap ) " Nothing . "
Tech Support : " Did you hit all of them at once ? "
" Did you hit all of them at once ? "
Customer : " Umm ... just a second . " ( taptaptap ) " I did that time .
Nothing happened . "
" Umm ... just a second . " ( taptaptap ) " I did that time .
Nothing happened . "
Tech Support : " Try it again . "
" Try it again . " Customer : ( taptaptap ) " No , it 's just sitting there . "
( taptaptap ) " No , it 's just sitting there . "
Tech Support : " Move the mouse around .
What happens ? "
" Move the mouse around .
What happens ? "
Customer : " Nothing , the arrow does n't move . "
" Nothing , the arrow does n't move . "
Tech Support : " Ok , last try , hit Ctrl - Alt - Delete again . "
" Ok , last try , hit Ctrl - Alt - Delete again . "
Customer : " Still nothing . "
" Still nothing . "
Tech Support : " Hit your numlock key .
Does the light flash ? "
" Hit your numlock key .
Does the light flash ? "
Customer : " No . "
" No . " Tech Support : " Ok , you 're going to have to shut your computer off .
Just press the power button , wait for a couple of seconds , and turn it on again . "
" Ok , you 're going to have to shut your computer off .
Just press the power button , wait for a couple of seconds , and turn it on again . "
Customer : " I 've heard that 's bad for Windows . "
" I 've heard that 's bad for Windows . "
Tech Support : " Um , well , you can't do anything else , right ? "
" Um , well , you can't do anything else , right ? "
Customer : " No . "
" No . " Tech Support : " Well , you ca n't hurt it any worse then . "
" Well , you can't hurt it any worse then . "
Customer : " But I 've heard it 's bad for Windows to just shut it off without shutting down first . "
" But I 've heard it 's bad for Windows to just shut it off without shutting down first . "
Tech Support : " Yes , but it 's locked up .
There 's nothing else you can do . "
" Yes , but it 's locked up .
There 's nothing else you can do . "
Customer : " Will it hurt my Windows ? "
" Will it hurt my Windows ? " Tech Support : " Probably no worse than it already was by locking up . "
" Probably no worse than it already was by locking up . "
Customer : " Well ...ok ... but if it does n't work , will you come over and fix it for me ? "
There is a gradeschooler who lives in an apartment complex down the street for whom I built a 486 some time ago .
It 's running Windows 95 , and I am forced to fix it for him constantly .
One day he called me up and said that his computer is opening up all of his files .
I grabbed my coat and hat and popped over to see what he had done to the poor thing .
He had selected everything on his desktop and made shortcuts of them in a new folder on the desktop , in the quick - launch , and , worst of all , his startup folder .
Imagine booting all the MS Office 97 applications at startup on a 486 ... quite painful .
I put my foot in my mouth rather firmly once .
I was teaching a new user some basic UNIX commands just so she could get around on the computer when she needed to .
I thought I was doing pretty well , but , in a moment of self - doubt , she said that she did n't think she 'd ever learn how to use a computer .
My feeble attempt at consoling her follows :
Me : " Do n't worry .
You 'll get the hang of it .
When I first started using UNIX , I did n't even know how to change directories ! "
" Do n't worry .
You 'll get the hang of it .
When I first started using UNIX , I did n't even know how to change directories ! "
Her : " What 's a directory ? "
Customer : " File manager ?
What 's that ? "
" File manager ?
What 's that ? "
Tech Support : " How long have you had your computer ? "
" How long have you had your computer ? "
Customer : " Three years . "
Talking to a Mac user :
Tech Support : " When was the last time you rebuilt the desktop ? "
" When was the last time you rebuilt the desktop ? " Customer : " Did what ? "
" Did what ? "
Tech Support : " How long have you owned this computer ? "
" How long have you owned this computer ? " Customer : " Four years . "
A customer walked into the computer store I work in , wanting to return a computer .
Me : " Sure , is it defective ? "
" Sure , is it defective ? " Customer : " No , that 's not the problem .
When I took it home and turned it on , I realized it was only half programmed . "
" No , that 's not the problem .
When I took it home and turned it on , I realized it was only half programmed . "
Me : [ scratching head ]
" What do you mean by half programmed ? "
[ scratching head ]
" What do you mean by half programmed ? "
Customer : " Well , look at the computer on display . " [ points to the Windows 95 desktop ]
" Do you see how all the programs are on the left side of the computer ? "
" Well , look at the computer on display . " [ points to the Windows 95 desktop ]
" Do you see how all the programs are on the left side of the computer ? "
Me : [ biting tongue ]
" Well , you are right sir , I will take your computer back . "
I decided the moron had to solve his life before he could buy a computer .
A guy at our company asked to have Lotus Notes installed on his Mac .
He said he'd be away for a couple days , and I could install it then .
When I went to do it , there was n't enough disk space , but there was about 96 megs in the trash .
Ah , I thought , he 's forgotten to empty it .
When the user returned to work , he came straight to see me after switching on his machine .
Him : " Where 're all my files ? "
" Where 're all my files ? "
Me : " What files ? "
" What files ? "
Him : " The ones I was keeping in the trash . "
Recently , I had a guy from the local tech school come in for an interview for my computer assistant job opening .
I was taking him around the office , trying my best to explain to him what my job entails and what he'd be doing if he worked for me .
One of the very first things I showed him was our NT server , which runs Wincenter Pro , a third - party enhanced version of Windows NT Server which allows us to have multiple people logged into the same NT box and to start up a remote NT session from an X - Windows desktop .
He was pretty impressed by that , having been trained in a vanilla NT environment .
The next thing I showed him was one of our old DG 300 UNIX workstations .
He scoffed along with me when I explained that the workstation used an old 16 mhz Motorola processor , so it was not exactly fast .
The interview seemed to be going well up to this point , with the guy seeming to understand most of the stuff I was throwing out ( even the stuff I was n't too sure about myself ) until I happened to mention that the DG workstation , along with all the other workstations and servers in our office ( save the NT server , of course ) ran DG / UX 5.4R3.10 :
Me : " Yeah , and this thing runs DG / UX 5.4R3.10 . "
" Yeah , and this thing runs DG / UX 5.4R3.10 . "
Him : " What 's that ? "
He stares blankly .
My heart sinks .
Him : " So does that run as a thread under NT ? "
" So does that run as a thread under NT ? " Me : " No . It 's an OS .
It just runs by itself . "
" No .
It 's an OS .
It just runs by itself . "
Him : " Oh oh , so you start up NT , then - - "
" Oh oh , so you start up NT , then - -" Me : " No. UNIX .
It 's an operating system .
It runs by itself , not under NT . "
He stares blankly .
So much for this prospective employee .
Two girls walked into the University 's Linux cluster one time .
They were obviously unfamiliar with computers and chatted with each other trying to figure everything out .
I was doing my own work and had tuned out a lot of the conversation , but at one point one of them turned to me and asked how to get into Windows .
" Type startx , " I replied , for the Linux machines booted to a shell prompt , and you had to type " startx " to get into X - Windows .
I never did find out if that worked for them or not , but they spent quite some time trying to correlate the instructions they had on paper ( presumably given out in one of their classes ) with what they were seeing on the screen .
A full hour and a half passed , and finally one of them turned to me again and asked if this was the Microsoft Windows cluster .
" No , " I replied , " that 's downstairs . "
It was hard to stifle the laughter until they were gone .
An hour and a half before they realized they were n't even using the right operating system .
Wow .
A lab technician ( legendary , where I work ) deleted a large and seemingly useless file named / vmunix from a Sun workstation .
( This file is the UNIX operating system image . )
The machine worked fine until I tried to reboot it .
In what seems more and more like another life , some 15 years ago , I was an assistant in a computer lab belonging to the computer science department of my university .
The lab consisted of a bunch of 286 IBM PS / 2s with only a 3.5 " floppy drive -- they had to boot with an operating system disk and then put in the program disk , and so forth .
One day a student was having problems booting up the computer .
I went to see what was happening , because she was becoming increasingly vocal about the quality of the hardware and the incompetence of the people ( me ) who were supposed to maintain it .
I found that she was trying to boot off a floppy with no operating system .
So I tried to tell her that she needed a DOS diskette to boot the computer .
Her : " Why ? "
" Why ? "
Me : " Well , because without the operating system the computer just cannot work . "
" Well , because without the operating system the computer just cannot work . "
Her : " But I do n't need the operating system . "
" But I do n't need the operating system . "
Me : " I assure you , you do . "
" I assure you , you do . "
Her : " No , you do n't understand , I 've already passed the operating systems exam .
I 'm preparing the coursework for simulation theory , so I do n't need an operating system .
I already passed .
Really . "
" No , you do n't understand , I 've already passed the operating systems exam .
I 'm preparing the coursework for simulation theory , so I do n't need an operating system .
I already passed .
Really . "
Me : " I 'm not talking about the exam .
I am talking about the operating system for the computer . "
" I 'm not talking about the exam .
I am talking about the operating system for the computer . "
Her : " Why on earth should I want to put an operating system on the computer when I have already passed the exam ?
I need to study simulation theory , not operating systems !
The arrogance !
Now you want to tell me what I should study ?
You do n't think I passed the exam on my merits alone ?
Huh ? "
She stormed out of the lab and filed a formal complaint with the department 's secretary .
The worst part was that I got reprimanded , because , apparently , the senior management did n't know any better than she did .
Yes , she graduated a couple of years later .
A member of getacoder.com posted and asked for someone to write an operating system for him .
It had to have all the features of Windows XP Professional .
In return , he would be willing to pay $ 20 to $ 100 .
The listing :
I need someone to program me a new OS ( Operasting System ) that looks different than Ms Windows XP etc. but has the same style .
It does not need to run on a mac but all the other PCs .
It 's supposed to have a stylish look with clear edges etc .
And ITS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE JUST A REDESIGNED WINDOWS as I 'm going to sell that operating system later on .
These are some important points :
It should have ALL THE FEATURES that Windows Xp Professional has .
ALL the files that run on Windows XP ust also run on the BlueOrb OS .
It must have a very user - friendly interface ( like MS WINDOWS XP )
When it gets Installed , the user needs to insert a serial number .
It HAS to be HACKER SAFE !
It must be quick and good looking .
Here 's the listing on getacoder.com .
You can post and read reviews of all Power tools in here .
Tools will be listed by manufacturer , Model number and / or description .
please ensure that you put the correct power tool under the correct manufacturer .
If the manufacturer is not yet listed then please post in the general part of the power tool review forum .
Topics : 406 , Posts : 3123
Hungary will spare no expense to preserve 16 cypress trees , estimated to be 8 million - years - old , recently uncovered in a northern lignite mine .
Hungarian Environment Minister Gabor Fodor told reporters in Budapest Friday the government will contribute millions of dollars to preserve the trees , the Hungarian news agency MTI reported .
Fodor said the cypress trees , believed to be 98 to 131 feet tall , were found in the Bukkabrany lignite mine , near the town of Miskolc , 100 miles northeast of Budapest .
The trees once were part of a wetlands forest in the Bukk mountains region , north of Miskolc .
The find is unique because the trees have not turned into fossils , which means they could yield clues to plant life in pre-historic times .
Authorities will put the rare trees on display for visitors in the Bukk National Park outside Miskolc .
Copyright 2007 by United Press International
BAGHDAD , March 9 — American soldiers were accused Friday of opening fire on a car carrying a family in the Baghdad district of Sadr City , killing a man and his two young daughters and wounding his son .
The allegations were made by the man ’s wife , who was in the car , and members of the Iraqi police , who were at the scene .
The American military command said in a statement on Friday that it was investigating an episode in Sadr City involving “ an escalation of force , ” but it could not confirm any details of the account given by the man ’s wife .
The woman , Ikhlas Thulsiqar , said her family had turned from an alleyway onto a main street guarded by American soldiers .
Seconds later , she said , a fusillade of bullets ripped into the car .
“ They killed the father of my children !
The Americans killed my daughters ! ” she sobbed , sitting crumpled on the floor of Imam Ali Hospital in Sadr City where rescuers had taken the victims , including her daughters , 9 and 11 , and her son , 7 .
The girls , two aged 17 and one 16 , were convicted of false imprisonment and causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent .
The victim , now 18 , was stripped , punched and kicked while the girls filmed the attack in March last year .
The three will be sentenced on August 30 , Inner London Crown Court heard .
One of the girls was acquitted of kidnapping and all three were acquitted of theft .
A fourth girl , aged 17 , was acquitted on all counts and cried as she left the dock .
Judge Colin Smith said that it was " a prolonged ordeal of the most unpleasant nature " .
The victim was 17 at the time when he was dragged to a flat in Woolwich by one of his attackers who accused him of owing her money .
They made him perform a humiliating sex act while " they were baying like a pack of hyenas " , he said .
The court 's finding will send out a clear message
DC Neil Perkin
After the brutal ordeal , he said his clothes , which had been thrown off a third - floor balcony during the assault , were returned to him and he was allowed to dress and leave .
He told the court he could not escape because of a leg injury and because his upbringing " not to hit women " made it impossible to fight back .
The police paid tribute to the victim's " bravery and courage " .
" The perpetrators filmed these crimes , commonly known as ' happy slapping ' videos , " said Detective Constable Neil Perkin .
" The court 's finding will send out a clear message to all those who participate and involve themselves in filming unlawful predetermined violent acts . "
A man walked up to Dick Cheney , calmly told him he thought his Iraq policy was reprehensible , and walked away .
A few minutes later he was arrested by the Secret Service , in front of his 8 - year - old son , for " assault " .
When he asked what would happen to his child , the Secret Service said , " He can be sent to Child Services . "
Luckily , the boy found his mother and was safe .
But the citizen who practiced his free speech spent a few hours in jail before he was released .
This is a story
that was just told by
Matthew Rothschild
Conyers to Bush : Follow Clinton and waive executive privilege for Libby hearing Michael Roston
Published : Monday July 9 , 2007 Print This Email This Rep. John Conyers ( D - MI ) released a letter on Monday that he wrote last week asking President George W. Bush to waive his invocation of executive privilege for a Wednesday hearing on the commuting of former top White House aide I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby 's jail sentence .
Conyers asked Bush to follow in the footsteps of Presidents Bill Clinton and Gerald Ford relating to similar congressional probes .
" When President Clinton 's pardon of Marc Rich stirred its own controversy back in 2001 , former President Clinton took the forthright step of waiving Executive Privilege and permitting some of his closest aides to testify about the facts of the matter , " he said in the July 6 letter to the White House .
He added , " It is in this spirit that I call on you too to waive Executive Privilege and provide the relevant documents and testimony of any relevant aides regarding the decision to commute Mr. Libby 's sentence .
Given that President Ford testified before our committee in 1974 about his pardon of President Nixon , there is ample precedent for you taking such a step . "
Conyers announced last week that he was calling a hearing on the use of the clemency authority granted in the Constitution to Presidents .
The hearing was prompted by Bush 's effective cancellation of the jail sentence of Libby , the former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney .
Libby was found guilty of perjury , obstruction justice , and making false statements in the federal investigation of the outing of former covert CIA Agent Valerie Plame Wilson .
In a July 3 press conference , Tony Snow appeared to invoke executive privilege in refusing to explain how the White House arrived at its decision to commute Libby 's sentence .
" [ T ] here 's a very important debate going on in Washington about the importance of maintaining the sanctity of deliberations within a White House , " Snow said .
" The President spent weeks and weeks consulting with senior members of this White House about the proper way to proceed , and they looked at a whole lot of options , and they spent a lot of time talking through the options and doing some very detailed legal analysis .... I 'm not going to characterize beyond that . "
A particular question from Conyers has been whether or not the Vice President was involved in the deliberations of whether his former top aide would spend time in jail .
Snow failed to give a definitive answer as to whether or not Cheney had recused himself from the process , and fell back on executive privilege in answering the question when it was brought up by the press .
" We 'd never ... talk about internal deliberations , " he said .
" Nice try .
This is exactly what we 're talking about right now before the House and Senate , and we 're not going to characterize specifically any kind of advice or plea that somebody may make . "
Conyers 's committee will take up the subject in a hearing at noon on Wednesday .
The witness list for the hearing is not yet known .
The Most Useless Infographic Ever
The purpose of infographics is to take data that is initially tough to interpret and distill it into some high - level knowledge that readers can remember and take away with them .
Upon picking up a six - pack of Cottonelle last night though , I think I found the most useless infographic ever :
Yes indeed .
It ’s a visual reminder that :
1 x 1 = 1
2 x 1 = 2
3 x 1 = 3
That ’s good times .
And there ’s even a 1 - 800 number you can call for further details as well as a website where perhaps you can plug in different values and see how many single rolls a quintuple roll would equal .
If I were the makers of Cottonelle , I ’d probably use this space to showcase and romanticize the process by which they get Aloe into the toilet paper .
I ’ve always wondered about it .
For much better examples of infographics , check out a great book Rex showed me : Understanding USA .
A fisherman from South Australia 's rugged west coast , who attacked and landed a shark with his bare hands , does not recommend others do the same .
Phillip Kerkhof , 42 , from Louth Bay , admits his judgement was clouded by a few beers and vodkas when he saw a 1.3 - metre bronze whaler shark chasing his squid lures off the local jetty on Monday night .
Mr Kerkhof , a former tuna fisherman in Port Lincoln who now works in the building industry , climbed down a ladder and stalked the shark in the shallows before sneaking up behind , grabbing it around the tail and wrestling it on to the jetty .
" I had both hands wrapped around his tail and he was thrashing around , " Mr Kerkhof said yesterday .
" I brought him back towards the steps and hurled him up on to the jetty . "
Logged in users have noticed for some time the request to drink from the Slashdot Firehose .
Well now we 're ready to start having everybody test it out .
It 's partially a collaborative news system , partially a redesigned & dynamic next - generation Slashdot index .
It 's got a lot of really cool features , and a lot of equally annoying new problems for us to find and fix for the next few weeks .
I 've attached a rough draft of the FAQ to the end of this article .
A quick read of it will probably answer most questions from how it works , what all the color codes mean , to what we intend to do with it .
The Slashdot Firehose is a way for you to participate in the Slashdot editorial process .
You are able to see all the content submitted to Slashdot : from RSS Feeds and user submissions , to journal entries and successful completed Slashdot stories .
You can participate by voting on these entries : click the minus icon if you do n't think the story is great for Slashdot , and click the plus if you do .
Better yet , when you make these choices you can help further refine your decision by clarifying why you made the choice you did .
You can tell us if a story was binspam , or a dupe , or insightful .
If you do n't like the options provided in the pop - up windows , you can always open the tagging box and provide whatever tags you think will help Slashdot Editors , and other Slashdot Readers make informed decisions about the content they are reading .
The Firehose has all data on Slashdot .
RSS Feeds .
Journal Entries .
Story Submissions .
And of course , accepted Slashdot Stories .
The idea is that this view of Slashdot can provide you a single place to view all Slashdot content in one interface .
If you do n't like any particular data type , you can filter it out .
If you do n't like journals , you can just filter on - journal and they are gone .
If you do n't want Slashdot stories , - story will get you there .
You will note a variety of interesting options that allow you to control how this page is displayed .
For example , if you filter on ' story ' and set ' expand top rated ' you will see a page that is very similar to Slashdot 's main page today ... except that it dynamically updates and allows voting and in - place expansion of sectional content .
Alternatively , filtering to - story and toggling ' abbreviated mode ' will let you see a real - time stream of reader contributions .
It 's really up to you
The spectrum of colors represents an overall quality rating for content .
Red is the most popular , the highest rated , and hopefully the best content on Slashdot .
There is relatively little Red content , although most stories we post default to red .
Some stories show up as orange .
As you work down the spectrum you will find more content .
Default submissions to the Firehose start at blue .
At indigo you will find a number of RSS feeds and journal entries .
At violet you are probably wasting your time , and at black you definitely are !
Play with the color slider to find the level you enjoy reading most at .
Use Red or Orange for busy days or if you are a casual reader .
The lower you pull the slider , the more content you will see .
The Firehose is usable in 3 " Modes " .
In " latest content " mode you are looking at the last few days of Slashdot content .
Display is optimized for you to easily navigate within this small bit of time .
In ' Day Of ' mode you will see content only from ( surprise ) any day you specify in the calender .
Finally in ' Search Archive ' mode you will search the entire database .
For now , this goes back only perhaps 6 months but eventually we think this can replace our existing search infrastructure .
We 've found that we like to use the firehose in a number of different ways .
Sometimes I want a casual view of Slashdot , and other times i want to see more stories .
Sometimes I want to see only the stories I 've tagged .
Other times I just want to see Journals .
Well , shockingly enough , each tab will remember your settings and allow you to quickly return to them later .
If you change your settings , you do so in an ' Untitled ' tab .
If you click on your tab , you can name it which will save it for later .
Also , you can subscribe to an RSS feed for any particular tab if that 's your cup of tea .
Please keep in mind that we have a robots .
txt file that restricts the rate that you refresh pages .
I 'd suggest a 30 minute minimum .
Currently we work great under Firefox 1.5 and 2.0 , as well as Safari .
IE7 is functional but has glitches that we are working to fix .
The iPhone functions as well with a number of optimizations for small screens ( although the bandwidth requirements are still fairly steep so you are probably better off on a WiFi connection for now )
IE6 is known to be broken .
Other browsers might work , but we have n't really tested them .
Slashdot is a complex beast with readers with a wide variety of interests .
Part of the job of Slashdot Editor is to create a website that is interesting to all of us .
That means that sometimes our opinions may differ from yours .
We use the voting in the Firehose as an indicator of value , but not as the definitive measure of if something is a Slashdot story .
If you do n't like that , you can simply remove our Slashdot stories by putting - story in your filter .
The firehose you read will be then be completely reader driven .
We believe that the way we 've built this system can appeal to the wide variety of Slashdot readers without compromising the story quality for our core audience .
Well first of all , we 're happy to use good ideas when we see them .
Countless websites have knocked off our cool ideas , just like we joyously took ideas from those that came before us .
But ultimately the idea here is not to imitate any other social network news site .
We feel that the editorial layer that exists on top of Slashdot is important .
But we also think that having many eyeballs will help us more efficiently sort through the ever increasing volume of content on this here internet of ours .
That 's why we 'll aim to strike a balance .
Slashdot stories will continue to be posted by our editors .
We will use the advice given to us by our readers .
Sometimes we will agree , and other times we wo n't .
You are welcome to read more or less editor content depending on your tastes .
At the end of the day , striking a balance between the wisdom of crowds and the tyranny of mobs is a difficult one .
It 's also a personal one : some people might regard it as having a moral component .
Others may just want to read a bunch of good stories no matter what the methodology .
We 're hoping that we can strike a balance that will work for everyone .
Your feedback can only improve the system for everyone .
KBR'S CHALLENGES KBR'S CHALLENGES
Defense Department auditors have challenged about 10 % of the $ 38.5 billion charged by Iraq reconstruction contractors .
How challenges were handled for the largest contractor , KBR , in fiscal years 2003 - 06 ( in billions ) : Total spent $ 20.1 Cost challenged by auditors $ 2.2 Challenges resolved $ 1.3 Challenges pending $ 0.9 Challenged costs paid $ 0.8 Source : Defense Contract Audit Agency Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook Government auditors discovered something odd last year when they reviewed KBR Inc. 's annual cost estimate to provide support services for U.S. troops in Iraq .
The contractor proposed charging $ 110 million for housing , food , water , laundry and other services on bases that had been shut down .
KBR got a contract extension for $ 3.7 billion , but it agreed to drop the proposed $ 110 million spending on closed bases and an additional $ 50 million of duplicate charges and math errors , according to Defense Department records obtained by USA TODAY under the Freedom of Information Act.
IRAQ : Pentagon approves disputed costs Linda
Theis of the Army Sustainment Command , the agency that oversees KBR 's troop - support contract , downplayed the errors .
They amount to just 4.3 % of the contract amount , she said .
" This percentage does not indicate a systemic weakness in business systems . "
The errors occurred because KBR developed the proposal under a tight schedule , said company spokeswoman Heather Browne .
The contract - review process , she said , worked as intended .
By far the largest government contractor in Iraq , KBR has been paid more than $ 20.1 billion through last October — about half of all government spending on contracts in Iraq , mostly under a multiyear Army contract to provide logistical support for U.S. troops .
The company also has contracts to help rebuild Iraq 's oil industry .
The Defense Contract Audit Agency ( DCAA ) has challenged nearly $ 2.2 billion of KBR 's invoices and cost proposals .
The Army has resolved nearly $ 1.3 billion of those questioned costs , paying KBR only $ 804 million , records show .
That 38 % withholding rate is about average for Iraq contracts but well below the Pentagon 's overall rate , which ranges from 56 % to 75 % .
The DCAA calculated the amount of KBR 's questioned and withheld costs at the request of the House Oversight Committee .
It does not track such information for other contractors .
Congressional and government investigators , such as the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction , have accused KBR of mismanagement and overspending .
Four former KBR managers have pleaded guilty to federal fraud charges for taking bribes and kickbacks from subcontractors on the logistics contract .
RELATED : Halliburton will move headquarters from Houston to Dubai KBR was a subsidiary of Houston - based Halliburton until the companies split late last year .
Congressional Democrats , such as Sen. Byron Dorgan of North Dakota , have suggested the company got special treatment in part because Vice President Cheney headed Halliburton for the five years before the 2000 election .
Both the Bush administration and Halliburton have denied those allegations .
The Pentagon needs to crack down on KBR and other contractors , said Dorgan , head of the Democratic Policy Committee .
" It requires a change in mind - set at the Pentagon , for them to slam their fist down on the table and say , ' We 're not going to put up with this anymore . ' "
Theis said that over the past several years , KBR has improved its business systems , which were " severely challenged " during the initial months after the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Browne said the company worked with contract managers to satisfy auditors ' concerns .
" We have fully cooperated by providing information requested of us to resolve those issues , " she said .
Other KBR problems flagged by auditors included : • More than $ 57 million in questionable spending for shipping containers outfitted as housing for U.S. troops .
In a statement submitted to the House Oversight Committee for a meeting in February , the DCAA said its auditors found KBR charged double for some handling costs , sought payment for " unjustified delays , " and " selectively used higher - priced subcontractors without justification . "
The Army has paid $ 27 million of the disputed amount , records show .
An additional $ 29.9 million on that contract remains in dispute , Theis said .
• About $ 212 million in overcharges for meal service , including for meals never served to troops .
The Army settled the matter with KBR by withholding $ 55 million of the disputed amount .
• Weaknesses in most KBR business processes , including accounting , purchasing , estimating and billing .
KBR has worked to correct the problems , and its internal systems have been rated as " acceptable " since April , four years after KBR first started work in Iraq , Theis said .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge By Will Kincaid , AP Senator Byron Dorgan of North Dakota says the Pentagon needs to crack down on contractors .
He and other Congressional Democrats have suggested KBR benefited from its connection to Halliburton .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Acquire Promote your content , make it a snap to share , and build perfect custom audiences to retarget .
Engage Increase page views , time on site and repeat visits by sharing and recommending content your audience will love .
Analyze
Get a clear view of your audience and content performance from a single easy - to - understand dashboard .
h Card could n’t do it .
Basecamp could n’t do it .
Web apps from Google and Yahoo that integrate seamlessly with Apple ’s iCal , Address Book , and Mail could n’t do it .
My iPhone has done it .
My iPhone has made me stop using calendar , contact , and e-mail applications I ’ve used day and night for over a decade , and switch to the free — and in some ways less capable — applications that come bundled with Macintosh OS X .
Changing years of work habits is not easy .
Migrating data , in some cases by hand , takes time I do n’t have to spare .
Yet I ’m making these changes of my own will , and happily .
In short , Apple has finally copied something from Microsoft .
Or , if you prefer , Apple has learned the marketing psychology lesson that Microsoft got first .
For many consumers , convenience is of greater value than choice .
A platform built of parts that work together seamlessly beats a self - curated collection of apps that do n’t .
That syncing feeling
Microsoft knows this , Adobe knows it , and Apple had learned it by the time they launched the iTunes / iPod cartel .
The iPhone creates a similar value proposition for OS X ’s bundled communication , contact , and calendar apps .
Maybe all Windows users wo n’t switch to Macs , but many Mac users will dump Entourage , Eudora , and the like once they sync an iPhone to their computers .
What “ free ” was n’t enough to achieve , “ seamless ” just might be .
If I can change work habits , anyone can .
Victory is suite
As part of a sexy , seamless software / hardware package , Apple Mail triumphs over more sophisticated e-mail applications for much the same reason Word beat WordPerfect and Adobe Illustrator trumped Macromedia Freehand .
( True : Adobe bought Macromedia and chose to discontinue Freehand .
But they ’re burying Freehand due to lack of resources , not because they fear it . )
Word is part of the must - have suite for business professionals , and Illustrator is part of the must - have suite for creative and visual professionals , and you ca n’t beat the suite .
That is what Apple has learned .
What no one can teach Apple is how to make user experience beautifully intuitive and elegant , lending a spirit of fun to even the most mundane task , such as getting contact phone numbers into a phone .
With Address Book and an iPhone , it ’s not only automatic , it ’s a near - physical pleasure .
Nobody does user experience as well as Apple , and nobody but Apple in the consumer market combines beautiful software with drool - inducing hardware .
Except during the cloning years , when Apple lay in the abyss , Apple has always combined hardware and software .
It killed them during the 1990s OS wars , but it worked like nobody ’s business for the iPod and a similar synergy is driving the iPhone .
That I could be persuaded to spend money on an iPhone is unremarkable .
After all , the phone shows websites and I ’m a web designer ; it ’s tax - deductible research .
What is remarkable to anyone who knows me is that I ’m willing to abandon long - used tools and shortcuts to capture these new synergies .
This suggests a longer and deeper market for the iPhone than just the gadget - obsessed and early adopters with sufficient disposable income .
It ’s even possible that , with continued use , the beauty and utility of the iPhone will help sell Macintosh computers to PC users .
It helps that the interface is beautiful as well as intuitive , and that many of the alternatives are neither .
An interface only a mother could love
Discontinued Eudora , the program I ’ve abandoned in favor of Mail , is the crone of e-mail , with an interface only a mother could love .
Now Up - To - Date and Contact are overly complicated , underly beautiful , and have long showed their age .
None of these programs closely follows Apple ’s Human Interface Guidelines ( HIG ) .
Never mind that the Aqua HIG is incoherent , that many of Apple ’s own programs violate or ignore it , and that it neglects to offer modern UI designs and controls , prompting independent developers to create a new set of Human Interface Guidelines to supplement Apple’s .
The point is , even in the Classic OS days of mandatory HIG compliance , the three programs I ’ve mentioned did not work as Macintosh programs were supposed to .
They were cross-platform and proud of it , and a Mac user had to meet them halfway .
Nevertheless , they did things other programs could n’t do , and I used them for that reason .
I continued to use them as time and change and market share conspired against them .
I worked like a farmer who refuses to accept that his field has gone fallow .
When Basecamp sent work schedules to my iCal , I manually copied the dates into Now Up - To - Date .
When my own web pages spat out standard contact information via hCard , I siphoned the data into Address Book , and then manually copied it into Now Contact , line by line .
( Since the fields between programs did n’t match , I could not automate the process via scripting .
Now Software made a free mini-application that used to port data between Now Contact and Address Book , but it never worked all that well , and it stopped working altogether in Tiger . )
Computers are supposed to make our lives easier , but everyone knows they do the opposite , and I was so deep into my rut I thought of it as a groove .
The incredible lightness of e-mailing
Change begets change .
For years , in Eudora , I kept every e-mail message I received .
I kept them all in tidy , named folders and wrote filter rules to automatically sort messages as they were received .
Every client , every employee , every friend , every project had its own folder and its own set of filters .
I spent at least an hour a day simply managing my e-mail , which is different from reading or responding to it .
When the number of open folders became overwhelming , I dragged messages into a new folder called “ urgent ” or “ deal with this ” ( and then failed to deal with them ) .
And now ?
So far , in Mail , I ’m answering messages as they come in , and deleting all but the most salient .
A client letter outlining technical requirements , I ’ll keep .
A bunch of messages asking whether we should meet at 9:00 or 10:00 , I delete .
I feel ten pounds lighter already .
I ’d like to thank God and the Academy .
[ tags ]
Apple , Address Book , iCal , iPhone , Mail.app , design , interface design , UI design , software design , uidesign , Adobe , Microsoft , integration , suites , hardware [ / tags ]
BOULDER — A University of Colorado student has been arrested after making “ threatening ” comments in class that seemed sympathetic toward the gunman who killed 32 students at Virginia Tech , authorities said .
Max Karson was arrested Tuesday on suspicion of interfering with staff , faculty or students of an education institution .
His age and hometown were not available , and a university spokesman did not immediately return a call today to The Associated Press .
University police Cmdr. Brad Wiesley said that during a class discussion of the Virginia Tech massacre , Karson “ made comments about understanding how someone could kill 32 people . ”
Several witnesses told investigators that Karson said he was “ angry about all kinds of things , from the fluorescent light bulbs to the unpainted walls , and it made him angry enough to kill people , ” according to a police report .
Wiesley said others in the class interpreted Karson ’s statements as threats .
“ More than one student said they were afraid , ” Wiesley said .
“ They said they were afraid of him and afraid to come to class with him . ”
Michael Karson , Max Karson ’s father , told the Boulder Daily Camera that his son ’s comments may have been misinterpreted .
The elder Karson questioned whether his son ’s free - speech rights had been violated .
“ I would have hoped that state officials would know their First Amendment better than they seem to , ” he said .
What will define the 21st century ?
When the question was put to a wide range of thinkers by Prospect magazine , the answers read like the horsemen of the apocalypse - disease , disaster , mayhem .
Not cheerful bedtime reading then .
The comments of philosopher , Jonathan Rée seemed to sum it all up : at the beginning of the 20th century , " the main emotion behind most people 's politics was hope : hope for science , for free trade , for social democracy , for national efficiency , for world government " .
That sentiment has now been replaced , he argued , by indignation .
" People are more interested in bearing witness to their personal moral righteousness " than in engaging in open - minded debate .
Optimism and a belief in progress are now the implausible preserve of Labour party apparatchiks who are regarded as at best deluded , at worst as cynically trying to preserve their own legitimacy .
The rest of us have little faith in the capacity of human beings for self - sacrifice or cooperation to avert climate change or any of the other predicted catastrophes that fill the media .
Gloomy thoughts for a Monday morning .
Last night the BBC television series The Trap : What Happened to Our Dream of Freedom began , claiming to explain how we have managed to land ourselves in this miasma of misery .
Its director , Adam Curtis , has built a reputation on tracing how ideas shape political and social trends .
This series , though his most dense , could be his most important yet .
Ultimately , its message is optimistic - better understanding of the trap we 're in will help us find a way out .
The central tenet of the argument is that during the cold war an understanding of human nature as suspicious , distrustful and always operating out of self - interest came to dominate political thinking .
From that emerged a narrow definition of freedom as " giving people the ability to get whatever they wanted " .
This kind of freedom has become the central political idea of the past 25 years , but it 's a corrosive form of pessimism rooted in a bleak , simplistic view of human nature .
It all goes back to the bizarre world of cold - war strategists in America developing sophisticated ways to achieve the " delicate balance of terror " .
They seized upon game theory that originated in poker playing as a way of rationally calculating your opponent 's moves and therefore your own .
How many Soviet cities would you have to nuke to deter the Soviets from nuking New York ?
The theory was that the suspicious distrustfulness of both sides in the cold war created a kind of stability .
If that was the case for nuclear weapons , perhaps the model could be applied elsewhere ?
John Nash , a mathematical genius at the US thinktank Rand and subject of the film A Beautiful Mind , took game theory further and developed the Nash equilibrium , which argued that the rational pursuit of self - interest by human beings could lead to a kind of social order .
Selfishness did n't have to lead to social breakdown .
For the economist Friedrich von Hayek ( Thatcher 's inspiration ) this was vindication of his belief that individual selfishness creates , spontaneously , " a self - directed automatic system " .
He told an interviewer , " altruism does n't come into it " ; just free up people 's ability to pursue their self - interest and that will ultimately benefit everyone .
By the 70s , these ideas were being applied to politics by theorist James Buchanan , who argued that the notion of public duty was a sham used by bureaucracies and politicians to mask their own self - interest .
There was no such thing as public good , he claimed , because that meant shared goals based on self - sacrifice , when what motivated people was their self - interest .
The TV comedy series Yes Minister was based on Buchanan 's public - choice theory , revealing a world of politics as pure calculation , spin and self - interest - which we now take for granted .
Initially , Buchanan 's ideas offered politicians a new legitimacy .
Three British prime ministers have used them to promise their electorates an illusion of more freedom .
They have all offered to sweep away the self - interested elites who govern the country .
Blair described Labour 's goal in one conference speech : " To liberate people from old class divisions , old structures , old ways of working that will not do in this new world of change . "
This anti-elitism was seductive , the promise of individual freedom tempting - greater choice and greater autonomy have become the lodestar of politics of both left and right .
Just as public - choice theory was gaining ground in politics on both sides of the Atlantic , powerful reinforcement of its basic premise about the nature of human beings came from an unexpected quarter : genetics .
Human beings were driven by genes , programmed for survival , Richard Dawkins 's 1976 book The Selfish Gene argued .
As Dawkins put it , " our DNA is an encoded description of the worlds in which our ancestors lived " .
We are blind creatures driven by genetic information millions of years old derived from short , brutish lives .
It does n't get much more grim .
In one telling clip in his series , Curtis asks Buchanan about where idealism comes in .
" What do you mean by that ? " Buchanan asks .
" I ca n't get a handle on that . "
This reading of human nature has ended up destroying the legitimacy of the political class that has espoused it , hollowing politics and all collective life out with the cynicism that we are like billiard balls bumping into each other without any common interest or capacity for collaboration .
It 's an ideology of freedom that has also created violent chaos .
In Iraq , the US believed it had only to remove Saddam Hussein and liberate the people , and order would spontaneously emerge .
The original propagator of game theory , John Nash , has had second thoughts .
In 1959 he developed paranoid schizophrenia and spent 10 years in mental hospitals .
Now recovered , he admits he overemphasised the rationality of human beings and that not all behaviour is self - interested .
Genetics is now moving into analysis of how cells select and edit DNA according to their environment ; the idea that we are simply machines driven by DNA software is redundant .
There is always a time - lag between the world of ideas and politics , and we are still trapped in the cold - war mythology of human beings as rational and self - interested .
We have lost faith in ourselves , in our humanity .
But Curtis is optimistic .
He believes the banality of the freedom that politicians have offered us for a generation is becoming clear - Iraq has painfully illustrated its absurdity to a global audience , while the freedom of the market has delivered growing inequality - and that will prompt a re-examination .
But he acknowledges that one of the beneficiaries of our disillusionment with individual freedom will be a renaissance of conservative ideologies such as Islamism or Russian nationalism .
Such is the grip of cold - war mythology over our thinking that it's hard to share Curtis 's optimism - the disillusionment is evident but not yet the new thinking that can overturn it .
His diagnosis of our plight is riveting .
Freedom - that cherished ideal so bankrupted by the frequent use of politicians and advertisers - needs to be reimagined .
· Part II of The Trap is broadcast on BBC2 next Sunday at 9pm
m.bunting@theguardian.com
According to the Optimum Population Trust , Britain 's rising birth rate , currently growing at the highest rate for nearly 30 years , should be considered an environmental liability .
" Each new UK birth , through the inevitable resource consumption and pollution that UK affluence generates , is responsible for about 160 times as much climate - related environmental damage as a new birth in Ethiopia , or 35 times as much as a new birth in Bangladesh , " the report says .
It calls on the government to introduce a " stop at two children " or " have one child less " guideline and to review incentives that may lead some teenage girls to become pregnant .
" A voluntary stop - at - two guideline should be adopted for couples in the UK who want to adopt greener lifestyles .
It would aim to set an example , " it says .
The author of the report , John Guillebaud , professor of family planning and reproductive health at University College , London , made the call after figures from the office of national statistics showed 669,531 babies were born in Britain last year , with the UK having the highest teenage pregnancy rate in western Europe .
While most of Britain 's annual population rise of nearly 300,000 people is from immigration , only 21.9 % of new births were last year to non-UK born mothers , says Prof Guillebaud .
Each woman in England and Wales , he says , can now be expected to have 1.87 children , the highest total fertility rate for 26 years .
Unless action is taken the UK population will grow by a further 10 million by 2074 , says the report .
" UK population has grown by 20 % since 1950 - in less than a lifetime .
There are more than 60 million people now living in the UK , one of the most densely populated countries in the world , and our numbers are rising faster than ever before .
" UK population is growing by the equivalent of a city larger than Cardiff every year . "
Voluntary population stabilisation programmes have a proven record of success , says Prof Guillebaud .
" A voluntary ' two - child ' population policy in Iran , for example , succeeded in halving fertility in eight years , as fast a rate of decrease as that of China , whose much - criticised one - child policy began in 1980 . "
But Dr Guillebaud says the NHS must take much of the blame for not limiting unwanted teenage pregnancies .
" This is ... related to the disastrous trend ... for primary care trusts to shut down community family planning clinics . "
The report , which is published on world population day , says that the planet faces the biggest generation of young people in history - what it terms a " youthquake " - with major social implications .
A mix of high population and rising consumption means that humanity is currently outstripping the biological capacity of the Earth by 25 % a year .
By 2050 , when global population is projected at 9.2 billion - 2.5 billion rise - humans will be using the biocapacity of two earths .
The report suggests compulsory limits on births may become unavoidable in as more pressure is put on world resources .
Prof Guillemaud says : " No one is in favour of governments dictating family size but we need to act quickly to prevent it .
Worldwide , those who continue to place obstacles in the way of women who want to control their fertility will have only themselves to blame , as more and more regimes bring in coercive measures .
" Despite the catastrophic current increase of an extra 1.5 million humans per week , there is still a slim chance that such measures can be avoided . "
There are no hills and it never snows but Dubai was n't going to let details like that stand in the way of its dream of creating a winter wonderland .
Rob Orchard and Marcus Webb check out this season 's hottest new ski resort
It 's 35 degrees outside and it 's just started to snow .
Not content with temperature - controlled beaches , seven - star hotels and a manmade archipelago , the sun -baked emirate of Dubai has decided to introduce Alpine weather into the desert .
The location of this meteorological oddity is Ski Dubai , the third largest indoor slope in the world , where visitors will soon be able to indulge in a quick slalom between bouts of sunbathing .
Two weeks ahead of its scheduled opening date of 2 December , we have been invited for a sneak preview .
As the ferocious midday sun toasts tourists on nearby Jumeirah beaches , we 're donning ski boots , gloves and thermal coats .
Kitted out in full Scott - of - the - Antarctic style we approach the complex 's colossal front doors , much to the amusement of the shoppers dressed in shorts and sandals in the adjoining mall .
As we pass through the entrance a rush of glacial wind pushes itself to the base of our lungs and we feel the alien crunch of fresh snow underfoot .
Before us lies a scene ripped straight from a Christmas card .
Two excitable young men pelt each other with snowballs , fir trees hang heavy with frost and a handful of black - coated visitors trudge up a steep , snow - white hill like a pack of migratory penguins .
Central to this snapshot of wintry perfection are two Emiratis in white robes and chequered headscarves kneeling in eight inches of powder , letting snow run through their fingers and giggling at the sheer frigid insanity of it all .
Even in this endlessly ambitious town , taking temperatures of up to 45C down to below zero seemed crazy .
But this is a city that refuses to be confined by such trifling matters as logic , physics or geography .
It 's currently engaged in a host of surreal superprojects : building the first ever underwater hotel , complete with performance hall for subaquatic operas ; constructing a theme park ( imaginatively entitled ' Dubailand ' ) that 's larger than the city itself ; and erecting the tallest tower in the world ( the Burj Dubai , whose height is a firmly guarded secret ) .
Next year will see the opening of the first Palm Island project , a vast manmade archipelago stretching into the Persian Gulf .
For Dubai , ' moderation ' is a dirty word .
Ski Dubai juts out of the Mall of the Emirates - the largest shopping centre outside the States - like a giant metallic elbow .
Just off the Sheikh Zayed Road , Dubai 's main thoroughfare , the tube - like structure is far from pretty , an unusual blip in this aesthetically conscious city .
But inside it 's a wonder .
Craning our necks to take in the cavernous 22,500 square metre space ( which allegedly holds over 6,000 tonnes of snow ) , we trudge around faux mountains and real igloos to the foot of the complex 's five - slope arena .
Unlike the snow park - the ski - free area at the foot of the hill - the slopes are not yet to open to the public and the sight of this pristine white carpet sweeping upwards and out of view is eerie and intimidating .
As we trudge past abandoned snowmobiles and a colossal chairlift hanging with icicles , the feeling is more ice - age apocalypse than hot new resort .
Yet within a fortnight this virgin snow will be being carved up by 1,500 skiers and snowboarders .
We reach the mid-point smiling but out of breath .
It 's home to the Zermatt - style Avalanche Cafe , a balconied chalet which will soon be warming weary skiers with fondue , hot chocolate and the somewhat dubious pleasures of non-alcoholic mulled wine ( ' our delicious home recipe of warm " Vimto " and spice - infused sugar syrup ' ) .
For now this is as far as we are allowed to go , but around the corner , at the very top of the 85 - metre high building , lies Ski Dubai 's longest run .
Pitched as the world 's first indoor black run , it stretches for 400 metres with a fall of over 60 metres - some way from the downhill terror of Portes du Soleil , and probably more of a red or blue route for any experienced skier .
Nearby , the quarter - pipe snowboard area - sadly lacking any kickers , rails or tabletops - and tame twin toboggan run wo n't be enough to satisfy adrenaline - chasing snow junkies .
But the kids ' facilities - a 3,000 square metre ice cave , billed as the ' largest indoor snow park in the world ' - are a child 's fantasy of Dahl - esque ingenuity .
Based beneath the slopes and already open to the public , they offer bobsleds , custom - built hills for tobogganing , a snowball shooting range and dedicated spaces for the construction of snowmen .
Inside the ' snow cavern ' , chilly kids blunder their way around an ice maze , try to keep their balance on a wobbling ' ice - floe ' , and make friends with an enormous dragon constructed from large blocks of sculpted ice .
A veneer of education is provided by the snow cavern theatre which , according to our hosts , ' will be showing some entertaining as well as educational feature films ...
Looking at penguins and polar bears and learning about climates and that kind of thing ' .
Our tour of the facilities complete , we return to the warmth of a seat at the San Moritz Cafe , which overlooks the dome .
Looking out across the plastic trees - the real things would constitute a fire hazard - and giant advertising hoarding proclaiming the virtues of Emirates Holidays , it 's startling to see the sheer scale of engineering accomplishment on display .
Using technology similar to that found in the air - conditioning units that make the town habitable , the temperature has been lowered to - 8C for this initial period of snowmaking .
With the temperature at rock bottom , liquid water is atomised to create a cloud inside the building which is then sprinkled with tiny ice particles , forming snow that falls from the cloud as flakes - driven snow at its very purest .
Thankfully , once Ski Dubai is open the snowmaking sessions will happen only overnight , with normal skiing sessions conducted at a far - less - ferocious two degrees below .
The luxury - jaded inhabitants of Dubai will no doubt swiftly come to view skiing at the height of the 45 - degree summer as a run - of - the - mill activity .
Nevertheless , Ski Dubai is making every effort to turn desert - dwellers into expert polesmiths .
There are no fewer than 25 ski instructors on hand to give lessons , and a pair of Scandinavian expats has pre-emptively set up a Dubai Ski Club to organise social trips to the slopes .
It already has a membership of more than 300 .
Once Dubaians have become addicted to this prestigious new pastime , they can invest in it properly , picking up Rossignol boards , Sidas boots and Barts jackets from the complex 's Snow Pro store .
So what does the future hold for Ski Dubai ?
Could it start to encroach on the traditional Middle Eastern ski resorts of Lebanon and Iran ?
Susan Mikloska , the complex 's head of marketing , believes so .
' It certainly has the potential , ' she says , ' because Dubai now offers such a wide range of attractions for visitors and the opportunity to ski in the afternoon and be out on the sand or in the water the rest of the day is very attractive . '
And can we expect the city 's new slopes to create a Cool Runnings - style revolution among the sporting community ?
Mikloska 's certainly convinced .
' In Europe a lot of the best skiers and Olympic athletes started out on hills smaller than ours , so we have a very good potential to build up good athletes , ' she claims .
' Hopefully in a few years ' time we 'll be sending them on to some competitions . '
While Olympic glory may be a few years off , the locals are simply enjoying the novelty of feeling cold .
' It 's very strange but wonderful , ' says Raed Al Yousofi , marvelling at the sight of his first snowflakes .
' Now Dubai has everything , everyone will want to visit .
Our children will be good skiers but I think maybe I am too old to learn . '
Factfile
Ski Dubai launches to the public on 2 December and will be open seven days a week from 10 am - 10 pm .
Entry prices start at 115 dirhams ( £ 18 ) , which includes equipment hire , jacket , skis , trousers , boots and even disposable socks .
A peak - day slope pass will cost 220 dirhams ( £ 34 ) for adults and 170 dirhams ( £ 27 ) for children .
Tuition starts at 140 dirhams ( £ 22 ) for a 90 - minute group lesson and moves up to 300 dirhams ( £ 47 ) for an hour 's private tuition .
For further details see www.skidxb.com.
Return flights start from £ 388 pp ( plus £ 55 tax ) with Emirates ( 0870 128 6000 ; www.emiratestours.co.uk).
Price valid until 14 December .
Once in Dubai , pick up a copy of the weekly arts and entertainment magazine Time Out Dubai ( www.timeoutdubai.com), which lists events and promotions at the complex and the adjoining Mall of the Emirates .
Coming soon - excess all areas ...
· The Burj Dubai .
At half - a- mile high , the world 's tallest tower will have hotels , apartments and shops .
The £ 160 m building will be extendible should anybody have the temerity to top it .
Due to open in 2008 .
· Dubailand .
Due to open in 2010 , this £ 3bn collection of theme parks , shops and entertainment centres will be twice the size of Walt Disney World in Florida .
· Dubai Sports City .
The world 's only integrated purpose - built sports venue will open in 2007 , with a Man Utd soccer school , David Lloyd tennis centre and an Ernie Els golf course .
· The World .
A collection of 300 man-made islands being built 5 km off the coast in the shape of the world .
Rod Stewart is reported to have bought ' Britain ' for £ 18 m .
Due to be completed in 2008 .
· The Hydropolis .
The world 's first underwater hotel will be 5 km offshore .
Guests will get there on a train running in a clear tunnel on the seabed and stay in £ 3,500 - a- night glass rooms .
Opens in 2007 .
DECATUR , Ga. --
Pro wrestler Chris Benoit had a steroid and other drugs in his system when he killed his wife and young son last month and hanged himself in the family 's home , investigators said Tuesday .
Benoit 's body contained 10 times the normal level of testosterone , as well as amounts of the anti-anxiety drug Xanax and the painkiller hydrocodone , authorities said .
The testosterone , a synthetic version of the primary male sex hormone , is considered an anabolic steroid .
The state 's top medical examiner said it appeared to have been injected shortly before Benoit died .
Dr. Kris Sperry said there was no evidence of any other steroids in the wrestler 's body and nothing to show that steroids played a role in the death of Nancy and Daniel Benoit .
He also said the boy appeared to have been sedated when he was asphyxiated , and Benoit 's wife had a " therapeutic " level of sedatives in her body .
Sperry said there is no consensus that the use of testosterone can contribute to paranoia , depression and violent outbursts known as " roid rage . "
" This a question that basically no one knows the answer to , " Sperry said .
" There is conflicting scientific data as to whether or not testosterone creates mental disorders or leads to outbursts of rage .
There 's data that suggests it and other data that refute it . "
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation said Chris Benoit tested negative for alcohol .
Investigators had been eager to determine whether alcohol was a factor in the killings after 10 empty beer cans were found in the home , as well as an empty wine bottle a few feet from where Benoit hanged himself .
Benoit killed his wife and 7 - year - old son , placed Bibles next to their bodies and then hanged himself on the cable of a weight machine .
After the slayings , prescription anabolic steroids were found in the family 's home , raising questions about whether the
drugs played a role in the killings .
Benoit 's wife , Nancy , tested positive for Xanax , hydrocodone and the painkiller hydromorphone .
Daniel Benoit had Xanax in his system , authorities said .
The GBI said it could not perform tests for steroids or human growth hormones on the boy because of a lack of urine .
Nancy Benoit 's body had a blood - alcohol level of 0.184 percent , more than twice the level at which Georgia law considers a driver intoxicated .
But , Sperry said , that level may have been affected by decomposition .
Federal authorities have charged Chris Benoit 's personal physician , Dr. Phil Astin , with improperly prescribing painkillers and other drugs to two patients other than Benoit .
He has pleaded not guilty .
Investigators have also raided Astin 's office several times since the deaths , seizing prescription records and other documents .
Before he was charged , Astin told the AP he prescribed testosterone for Benoit , a longtime friend , in the past .
He would not say what , if any , medications he prescribed when Benoit visited his office June 22 , the day authorities believe Benoit killed his wife .
World Wrestling Entertainment last screened Benoit for steroids in April .
It said the results released Tuesday were proof Benoit did not test positive for illegal substances .
" All it means is that scientifically , it 's now known that sometime between April 10 and when he died , he had treatment with testosterone , " said Jerry McDevitt , a WWE attorney .
" That 's all it establishes . "
We ’ve finally got our arses into gear so be on the look out for the next round of Pencils at Dawn … coming in the next couple of days !
White House opposes military pay raise RAW STORY
Published : Thursday May 17 , 2007 Print This Email This The White House has come out in opposition to a proposal by Congress to raise military pay by 3.5 percent , according to a report by Army Times .
The administration had originally asked for only a 3 percent increase in pay , equal to private sector pay increases , effective January 1 , 2008 .
The House Armed Services Committee raised the increase to 3.5 percent for 2008 , and also recommended increases in 2009 through 2012 that would be 0.5 percent higher than private sector raises .
" The slightly bigger military raises are intended to reduce the gap between military and civilian pay that stands at about 3.9 percent today , " according to the report .
" Under the bill , HR 1585 , the pay gap would be reduced to 1.4 percent after the Jan. 1 , 2012 , pay increase . "
The report continues , " Bush budget officials said the administration ' strongly opposes ' both the 3.5 percent raise for 2008 and the follow - on increases , calling extra pay increases ' unnecessary . ' "
The White House 's policy statement opposed several other Congressional provisions as well , including a death gratuity for civilians who die in support of military operations and benefits for disabled retireees and their survivors .
Democratic Caucus Chairman Rep. Rahm Emanuel ( D - IL ) sharply criticized the administration for its opposition .
" We ask our troops to risk their lives for our nation , " said Emanuel .
" We ask their spouses to raise families and make ends meet without them as they serve .
The President is a lot of talk when it comes to supporting the troops and their families . "
Emanuel continued , " It s easy to say you support our troops , but actions matter and when it comes to the treatment of our troops and their families , our resources must match our rhetoric . "
LINK TO FULL ARMY TIMES ARTICLE
A man who spent more than six years in a near - vegetative state after a horrific assault has made a dramatic recovery following a pioneering treatment to stimulate his brain with electrical pulses .
The 38 - year - old American suffered devastating brain damage during a street robbery in 1999 , leaving him almost completely unconscious and in need of round - the - clock care .
Doctors who performed emergency surgery on the man told his parents that if he survived the operation , his chances of recovery were zero .
The man , who was confined to a bed in a specialised nursing home , very rarely opened his eyes , occasionally tried to mouth words and move his head , but was otherwise unable to communicate and had to be fed through a tube .
Following the new treatment the patient , who cannot be named , is able to recognise and talk to his doctors and family , eat and drink normally and perform basic movements , such as brushing his hair .
It is the first time the technique , called deep brain stimulation , has been used to treat a patient in what neuroscientists refer to as a minimally conscious state .
It is also the first clear sign that it may be possible to rehabilitate people with such severe brain damage that they have previously been considered untreatable by modern medicine .
" He was beaten and kicked around his head , his skull was completely crushed and he was left for dead , " the man 's mother told a press conference by telephone .
" The doctors said if your son pulls out of this in the next 72 hours , and we do n't know if he will , he will be a vegetable for the rest of his life .
You need to make a decision about what you want to do . "
The patient spent five years in a nursing home and his parents gave permission for him not to be resuscitated should his condition suddenly deteriorate .
In August 2005 , a team of doctors from three hospitals in the US asked the family if they wished their son to join an experimental study to test the new technique , which involves implanting 1 mm - wide electrodes into the two regions of the brain closely linked to consciousness .
The technique is already used to stimulate other areas of the brain to control tremors in people with Parkinson 's disease .
Several trials are under way to test its effectiveness at treating severe depression , obsessive compulsive disorder , and epilepsy .
With the parents ' agreement , the man was fitted with brain electrodes that fed into twin regions of the central thalamus and hooked up to a pacemaker implanted under the skin of the chest during a 10 - hour operation .
He was then treated with electrical pulses for 480 days .
The surgeons hoped that the electrical pulses might kickstart activity in his brain and reawaken intact brain circuits .
The results , reported in the journal Nature , were rapid and astonishing .
" After deep brain stimulation , we immediately saw some changes , literally within the first day , " said neurophysiologist Joseph Giacino , who led the post surgical team at the JFK Johnson Rehabilitation Institute in Edison , New Jersey .
At first , the man opened his eyes and was able to track people as they moved around the room .
Later , he regained the ability to speak a few words at a time and make careful , intentional limb movements .
He is now fitted with implants that stimulate his brain every 12 hours .
" My son can now speak , watch a movie without falling asleep , drink from a cup , express pain , he can cry and laugh ...
He can say ' I love you mum ' .
I still cry every time I see my son , but they 're tears of joy , " his mother said .
Doctors expect to see continuing improvements in his recovery .
Ali Rezai , a neurosurgeon at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation , who led the team to place the electrodes , said : " When we first activated the pacemakers ... we looked at each other , the team humbled in many ways , but at the same time excited about the prospects and the potential of what can be done for these patients . "
The team emphasise that the treatment might not work for all patients in a minimally conscious state .
Estimates suggest up to 280,000 brain - damaged people may be in minimally conscious states in the US alone .
Adrian Owen , who has studied patients in a vegetative state at the MRC cognition and brain sciences unit in Cambridge , said the case study was a " major step " toward treatment for others .
" Clearly this suggests a possible treatment for some patients with MCS , " he said .
Something very important has come to my attention : Todd " Goliath " Goldman , founder of trendy t- shirt slogan company David and Goliath and the supposed " brains " behind a number of its highly profitable works of art , is a creature of infinite wonder and intrigue !
Somehow , through a miracle of time and space , Goldman apparently unknowingly duplicated a piece of art drawn many years previous by SA 's resident artist , Shmorky , and then turned around to sell this divine coincidence for profit .
How the heck did this happen ?!
Let 's get to the bottom of this crazy mystery !
The story began early in April 2007 , when my main man Shmorky received an email from a very nice lady .
( The following is an artistic reenactment .
Pretend it 's just like on " Rescue 911 " when the camera is all blurry and jerky and everything is in slow motion . )
Nice Lady : Shmorky , I think you 're being ripped off !
Oh , my heaaart !!
Cousin Pete :
Oh no , Momma 's hurt !
The drawing on the left was posted by Shmorky himself on his old webcomic , Purple Pussy , all the way back on September 19 , 2001 -- a mere 8 days after our nation 's first ever tragedy .
The familiar looking recreation you see on the right was produced by the art genius himself , Todd " Goliath " Goldman , and made absolutely and entirely out of thoughts from inside his own brain ( you can tell this because it has TODD written in really big letters all over the corner of it ) .
Everything down to the witty saying and exact same perspective on the bed and exact same curly squirrel tail came out of that beautiful big noggin of his .
Oh Todd , you did a great job !
Sign your name , buddy !
Work that alphabet !
Around the time he found out , Shmorky went and posted a thread in the forums about this discovery , but at the same time , one must wonder :
How did this amazing occurrence happen ?
How did two men , who both use the Internet and draw things on it , end up drawing the same thing several years apart ?
Some may say wizardry played a part , or perhaps sorcery .
My own personal theory is that a Wiccan sandwich artist may have accidentally sneezed on Shmorky 's meatball sub , damning him to a life of unending curses .
Around this time , some of our more observant forum members began to stick their slimy heads into the thread .
What they found was an amazing amount of bizarre coincidences between Goldman 's works and works from artists around the world .
It was around this time that I really began to think ... is it possible that we 're dealing with a supernatural being ?!
With a newfound sense of purpose in my heart , I tallied up the public 's theories for as long as I could stand and charted it .
Let 's go to the graph :
That 's really odd , the Wiccan theory did n't even make the cut !
What 's even more puzzling , is Todd for whatever reason , fired back and called Shmorky names .
What the heck ???
He 's like your soulmate , Todd !
You guys drew the same thing !
You have a bond !
Why would you do this ?!
TODD , THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL THING , DON'T THROW IT ALL AWAY !!
Oh God , why ??
WWWHHYYYYY ?!
On the 12th of April , and with the odds stacked against our hero , Todd employed the help of a " publicist " to register an account and post an apology on our forums .
I really have no clue as to why , since it 's so painfully obvious he did n't do anything wrong .
At all .
Ever .
In his entire life .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE POST POP - ARTIST , TODD GOLDMAN , CONTROVERSAL PAINTING
CLEARWATER , FL , April 11 , 2007 - Popular post pop-artist , Todd Goldman who has made a career of making fun of the world with his sarcastic commentary and cartoon icons , has mistakenly used the design of an another artist in two of his recent paintings .
Todd 's painting , " Dear God , Please Make Everyone Die " , was inspired from a drawing he received unbeknownst to him belonging to an underground web comic artist David " Shmorky " Kelly .
In addition to painting , Todd designs t- shirts for his clothing company , David & Goliath .
Todd and his design team create and receive thousands of design ideas every month .
It 's no secret that Goldman creates a lot of his painting ideas from his t- shirt designs .
Goldman says " I made a judgment error and did n't research the background of this particular submission .
" My intention was not to copy Mr. Kelly .
I have never seen his work before and would never intentionally knock - off someone else 's idea . "
Goldman has issued a formal apology to Mr. Kelly and has stated that he will not be using his design again in the future .
As a gesture of good faith , Goldman has pledged not profit from his mistake .
He will instead donate his proceeds from the painting directly to Mr. Kelly or his charity of choice .
See that , folks ?
" My intention was not to copy Mr. Kelly . "
He did n't set out to draw a thing just like that other thing , even down to the cute little animal and the cute little bed and the cute little saying !
How could anyone think that he'd stoop as low as to plagiarize a fellow artist so blatantly ?
It goes without saying how entirely unethical that would be , and you should be ashamed for even dreaming for a moment that Mr. Goldman might be such an unscrupulous fellow !
Look , it 's all here in this Internet press release which you can believe with every fiber of your being !
He says he " would never intentionally knock - off someone else 's idea . "
That means he would n't ever sit down and think , " Oh boy , I 'm going to draw this cartoon almost exactly as it looks here and sell it for big money ! " because he 's not the type to do that !
We 're talking about Todd " Goliath " Goldman here , people !
Not some guy who steals stuff from people who work hard to make a living !
Todd ... " Goliath " ...
Goldman !
On top of all that , he 's offering to give Shmorky the profits from his sale .
Not the actual sale price of the painting , just the profits .
You know , because Todd never did anything wrong ( in his entire life , ever ) , he should n't have to pay out of his pocket !
He can just give Shmorky his profits and forget about this unpleasant matter forever without losing a single cent !
That spells " Grade A " businessman , right there .
Also , for whatever reason , it would appear to me that there is a rogue lawyer running around telling folks to shut up about Todd Goldman and to stop publishing wild accusations and " libel " regarding him .
Certainly there are some trouble - making clowns out there who want nothing more than to put a huge , ever - thinking monster of original abstract thought like Todd Goldman out of business .
I do n't know anything about that , I 'm too busy reading this article about the genius that is Todd Goldman 's brain .
That same brain that thinks up its own ideas .
And I quote :
Goldman attributes his inspiration to his wittiness and weird sense of humor .
" I 'm just wacked out of my mind .
Things just come to me really quickly .
I have complete ADD so I 've never finished a book before .
I have n't really watched cartoons or read comic books .
It 's just my witty sense of humor and my love to draw , " Goldman said .
" I love my job , I could n't imagine doing anything else , and I meet so many girls .
I just did this to meet girls . "
High five one of those chicks for the rest of the hardworking artists out there , Todd .
Everyone back here on the ol '
Internet is completely envious of your success , which you attained completely fairly and without stealing ideas from anyone else , at all , ever , in your entire life !
Ever !
– Jon " @fart " Hendren ( @fart )
I am sure you probably rolled your eyes when you read the title .
But the old saying about breakfast being the most important meal of the day is true .
It is the first meal your body gets after fasting for about 8 - 10 hours , which explains why it has such an impact of your body …
[ Read more ... ]
マイクロソフトは死んだ：解説 著者： Paul Graham 日本語訳： yomoyomo
以下の文章は 、Paul Graham による Microsoft is Dead : The Cliffs Notes の日本語訳である 。
私は 「マイクロソフトは死んだ」と書いたが、それは文字通りの意味ではなかった。そんなことを言えるはずもない。会社は生き物ではないのだから、死ぬこともできないわけで。
実際には 、 「マイクロソフトは死んだ」というのは、この業界にいる我々がメタファーと呼ぶものである。私が言いたかったのは別のことだ。この数日、私の言いたかったことについていくらか誤解が見られた。このエッセイに憤慨した人の中には、私がかなり馬鹿げたことを考えていると独り合点する人もいた。つまり、マイクロソフトは今にも倒産しようとしている、と。彼らはこれを実にもっとらしく論破してみせた。
だから、私は自分の意図を正確に説明したほうがよいのかもしれない。私が言いたかったのは、マイクロソフトが突然お金を稼ぐのを止めるだろうというのではなく、ソフトウェアビジネスの最先端にいる人たちは、もはやマイクロソフトについて考える必要がないということだ。
ソフトウェアの分野で結構な利益をあげる企業はたくさんある。例えば
SAP がそうだ。彼らは大金を稼いでいる。しかし、新しい技術を開発する人が、彼らに不安を感じずにいられないだろうか？
それは疑わしい。私がマイクロソフトは死んだと言ったのは、かつての
IBM と同様に彼らもこの下界に足を踏み入れてしまったということなのだ（訳注：Shiro Kawai さんよりコメントをいただいたが、華々しい存在から一般レベルのインフラとして地味にビジネスをする存在になったという意味のようだ）。
重要でなくなるからといって、企業が来年には倒産ということにはならないし、それは重要でなくなったポップスターが突然貧乏になるわけでないのと同じである。しかし、前途に困難が待ち受けているとは言えるだろう。俳優やミュージシャンならカムバックすることもあるけれど、テクノロジー企業でそれはほとんどない。テクノロジー企業はロケットなのだ。だからバランスシートに何かしら問題が表れるずっと前にその会社が死ぬと言える。その正しさは企業収益を5年あるいは10年も先んじるかもしれない。
私がマイクロソフトが死んだと言うのに対して、人々はいろいろといかがわしい動機を私に押し付けた。釣り（linkbait）だとか、おおっぴらにマイクロソフトをあざけることで、彼らを
Y Combinator の「顧客」にしたいのだというのさえあった（私はそんな売り込みが下手じゃない）。実は私にもいかがわしい動機はあって、それはその言いだしっぺになりたかったということだ。でも、それには少なくともいくらかリスクが伴う。あなたが何かの言いだしっぺになるなら、正しいことを言うほうが身のためだ。もし怪物が結局死んでいないと分かったら――マイクロソフトが何らかの形で、スタートアップがまた心配しないといけないものに変身できれば――私はバカみたいに見えるだろう。しかし、私は喜んでそのリスクを負うつもりだ。
初出公開 ： 2007年04月10 日、 最終更新日： 2007年04月10 日
著者： Paul Graham
日本語訳： yomoyomo（ymgrtq at yamdas dot org ）
Page 1 of 3 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] >>
From : infopractical
2007-07 -16 08:05 pm ( UTC )
Sweet idea !
I 've never used reddit ... before now .
( Deleted comment )
From : infopractical
2007-07-16 08:16 pm ( UTC )
That 's not a bad idea , though I may then edit my blog post and remove the part about PACs and legislators , heh .
Perhaps my Rep will lend a serious ear , perhaps not , but the only way I 'll know is if I try .
If I do this , it will have to be tomorrow because right now I need to shower and head to work .
But it 's still a time suck that is n't worth the amount of money .
But I guess I 'm going down the road of holding somebody responsible , so I might as well try to make the call .
From : ( Anonymous )
2007-07 -16 08:23 pm ( UTC )
Advice from someone who 's been where you now .
http://reddit.com/info/26v7c/comments/c26vgs
Some pieces of advice from someone who 's been through debt collection via an unpaid medical bill .
1 ) Debt collectors are not honest .
At all .
Be sure to google the " Fair Debt Collection Act " or " Fair Debt Collection Practices " .
There are tactics Debt Collectors are not supposed to use at all ( such as browbeating or calling you a lowlife , etc , threatening to maliciously total your credit , etc ) that are often used .
Be sure you know what they are , because if they stoop to that level , you can catch and report them .
Know what to do .
2 ) Again , do not trust anything they say over the phone .
Demand written documentation for everything .
Insist on written letters / agreements .
Have them fax you things to be expedient .
3 ) Always get names .
Find out their name and employee number .
Find out who their supervisor is .
Always .
In fact , demand such information before talking with them -- it helps you retain control of the situation .
4 ) Keep escalating the problem to a supervisor .
Refuse to be talked over .
If someone starts talking over you , tell them that you will not tolerate that treatment from a debt collector , and you wish to speak with their supervisor .
Repeat .
5 ) Do n't cave .
I 've found that hospitals work with a lot of debt collectors .
Often times , the Hospital gives them a time limit to collect the debt , after which it will be sent back to the hospital .
If you can catch the bill while its at the hospital , and make a payment on it , it will re-activate the account -- and the account will likely not have any interest .
( Hospitals do n't charge interest -- the collection agencies do . )
So wait them out .
Call the hospital every 30 days and see if the bill has gone back to their internal collections department yet .
Work out a payment plan with them -- they will be far more willing to work with you , and will be reasonable .
6 ) Do n't expect any kind of public shaming or humiliation to affect debt collectors .
They do n't care .
They 're soulless .
They want a reputation as rough .
They want a reputation as uncaring .
They 're out to get your money .
That 's it .
The people who take those jobs hate you -- you 're just a deadbeat with a social security number that they 're here to collect from .
7 ) Be sure they have up to date information regarding your address .
That way if they take it to a judgment hearing ( which stays on your credit history until its paid off -- and pretty much forbids people from giving you credit at anything less than the state maximum interest rate ) you can have your day in court .
A judge will likely rule that you have to pay your debt , but not the interest .
It also probably wo n't come to that , because as I mentioned -- if they can't collect in 30 - 90 days , the hospital will take it back and find someone else who can .
You 're pretty much screwed and going to have to pay , but you might be able to beat the interest and save your credit .
Good luck .
From : infopractical
2007-07-16 08:29 pm ( UTC )
Re : Advice from someone who 's been where you now .
Thank you for all your advice .
Much of it I have been following , though after I talked to Ruby 's supervisor ( whose name I did n't post only because I can't find the notebook at this moment ) , Lauren Somethingorother , would not refer me to anyone higher up , stating that even if she did , I would be told all the same statements .
Also , they have n't threatened me in the ways you mention , though to me it is absolutely a threat when they keep parroting , " as soon as you pay us , we will take this off your credit , " which clearly underscores , " you will pay us this interest , or your credit and therefore well - being suffers ! "
* sigh *
From : neoteny
2007-07 -16 09:24 pm ( UTC )
My quick take - Apathy
While I more or less agree that the collection agencies are soulless and uncaring , I believe it 's more a matter of apathy ( at all levels ) than lack of ethics that comes into play here .
If you look at the economics of the collection agency , it 's not their job and it's not worthwhile for them to investigate the merits of any given claim .
They do n't know if it's a valid claim , and they do n't want to know - they just have to assume it is .
Given the percentage of deadbeats they probably have to deal with , it makes sense that they 're entirely script - driven .
I hope you can get some positive resolution out of this , but you will be going up against the apathy of the collection agency , the apathy of the people at the hospital ( they'd have to figure out how to go around the standard procedures ) , and likely the apathy of the tv and newspapers .
Good luck .
If you can work directly with the hospital like anonymous suggested above , that 's probably your best bet for a satisfactory resolution , but I do n't know what happens to your credit in that case .
From : infopractical
2007-07 -16 11:53 pm ( UTC )
Re : My quick take - Apathy Unfortunately , the Grossmont ER medical group I contacted seemed to have no interest in my case at all .
The probably " sold it " for some number of cents on the dollar , and washed their hands of it .
You 're probably right that apathy is a large part of it , and I 'm sure combative deadbeats are as well .
But I was , at the outset , very polite and willing to settle for the original cost .
Frankly , I 'm shocked they think dealing with me for longer is worth their time .
From : kirinqueen
2007-07-16 11:18 pm ( UTC )
The Scripps hospitals work with CMRE , too .
I am in the process of filing an identity theft police report ( a whole nother story , and something I should have done long ago ) , so as far as I know I should be able to contact the credit companies directly to resolve the marks on my credit as a result of the theft , but I am dreading talking to anyone at CMRE again .
From : ( Anonymous )
2007-07-16 11:55 pm ( UTC )
Sorry to hear about it .
I hope you get your credit crap resolved nicely and quickly .
I 've been through identity theft twice ( one is ongoing ) , and it 's not happy .
From : patchworkalice
2007-07-17 12:29 am ( UTC )
though to me it is absolutely a threat when they keep parroting , " as soon as you pay us , we will take this off your credit ....
that is n't a threat , it 's a carrot , and quite possibly a lie .
but that is n't what i wrote to say .
once i handled a case like this ( at least as similar as money - owing that i did n't owe , which for me was a cable box , and for you is interest ) by taking my old student ID ( expired , as i freely admitted , but with no expiration date ) to legal counsel at Tulane .
The counselor / lawyer there was more than happy to write some fat legalese which demonstrated , at least , that i was serious ... without introducing any new information whatsoever to the dispute .
it might be as easy as demonstrating that you have representation .
do n't i know a lawyer ?
From : royalbananafish
2007-07 - 17 05:50 am ( UTC )
The Power of the Pen Here is what you do .
First , write a letter stating the exact facts of what happened .
Begin and end with a statement that you are enclosing check # for $ , the amount of the new bill that is being presented to you ( but NOT the interest -- since you can't possibly owe interest ) .
Use language that is not at all charged , and write it as though you are the most reasonable human being to walk the earth ; pretend you are trying to explain what happened to a very stupid middle school student , using the full name of the hospital and the billing company at all times .
Write that OF COURSE you are more than happy to pay any charges you incurred as a result of your medical care , as demonstrated by the fact that you promptly paid all of the bills you received .
Etc. etc .
Include the names of every person you talked to and when ( with dates , if possible ) , and how they just could n't help you to resolve this like the very reasonable person you are .
Have a friend check it over for you before you finalize it .
You want it to be clear and succinct .
You 're not at all upset , angry , etc .
No no .
You are confused as to why the nice hospital did n't just ask you to pay way back when , because of course you would have done so , and since they are presenting the bill to you for the very first time you are just so darn confused as to how you could possibly legally owe interest -- after all , a bill can't be overdue before you even know it exists , can it ?
And did n't you get bills right after the treatment and pay them ?
So is n't it a big confusing surprise that there is now a new bill ?
If you have positive facts like you 're at the same address and phone number you were at when you got the other bills ( showing you were just ready and waiting for those bills to arrive and be promptly paid ) , include that too .
Optional : Feel free to enclose any proof you have that shows how you promptly paid the original bill ( s ) you received .
Send the letter to the billing group with a check for payment for ONLY the bill part ( NOT the interest ) .
Mandatory : you MUST cc ( 1 ) the hospital 's billing group , ( 2 ) the Better Business Bureau ( if the billing group is in a location that differs from the hospital , make sure you send it to both relevant BBB offices ) , and ( 3 ) the state attorney general 's consumer protection division .
You MUST print on the bottom of the letter that you cc'd these organizations .
Never admit that it is even remotely possible that you owe them the interest ( unless , of course , you discover this is your mistake - - in which case you recant immediately and cough up the dough like an ethical human being ) .
Never concede anything over the phone .
If the hospital o or billing group calls you , be as sweet as you can , smile a lot , and use lots of phrases like " I 'm confused .
So what you are telling me is that you made a mistake ?
Okay .
So you 're asking me to pay for your mistake ?
I 'm confused . "
Ask them to send you everything in writing .
If you do get a call , ask for the caller 's full name and a number where you can reach them .
If possible , ask for their job title without making it obvious that 's what you are doing .
( " Oh , so you work for the hospital , right ?
Are you a secretary there ?
No ?
Oh , well then what is your job , exactly ?
What do you call that ? " )
From : boywithstick
2007-07-23 11:10 pm ( UTC )
I will echo a couple of points that have already been raised .
. .
First , do not just send them full payment without getting something in writing stating that the charge will be removed from your credit report .
I had a similar situation several years ago with Sprint .
I was checking my credit report and found a collection I did n't recognize .
I called the collection agency and they told me it was a final bill for long distance that I had in college .
I had never received any bill and thought I had paid everything years ago , so I took their word for it and offered to pay in full if they would just remove the offending collection from my credit report .
The rep agreed to do so and I paid them .
In 60 days I checked my credit again only to find that they had only updated the account as " Paid " which reset the clock for it to roll off of my credit report .
Not only did paying not get it removed , but it actually lowered my credit for 3 years because the collection was marked on the report from 3 years prior .
Long story short , get the removal in writing , and find out who 's written and signed it .
You want to verify that they are authorized to make such an agreement and wo n't wiggle out of it .
Second , writing the letter and cc'ing the parties above is worth your time .
The impact on your credit rating will be there for 7 years .
You will pay so much more than your 10 % hourly income rate or anything in extra finance charges , points , capital requirements , etc when you buy a house .
The bottom line :
1. Collection agencies are scum , and will lie to you to get their money .
Get everything from them in writing .
2 . Do what it takes to get it removed from your credit report .
A 20 point difference in your credit score can cost you 100 basis points or more on a mortgage .
It 's worth your time to fix it now .
From : ( Anonymous )
2007-09 - 24 11:00 pm ( UTC )
CMRE I have a similar situation with CMRE .
From : ( Anonymous )
2007 -10-03 10:35 pm ( UTC )
My encounter with CMRE My father passed away unexpectidly in mid-August of 2007 .
As his daughter I am doing my best to deal with his unfinished business .
I stopped by his ex-girlfriend 's house after he died , to pick up mail she was holding for him .
There was a piece of mail addressed to both my father and myself .
Confused as to what it could be I opened it and found a CMRE credit collection bill in the amount of $ 1614.98 !
On the statement it says the principal balance due at the time CMRE was brought in was $ 987.43 .
Add interest in the amount of $ 627.55 and you come up with a total of $ 1614.98 !
Horrified that I am responsible for some unknown bill , I called CMRE to find out exaclty what the bill was about .
After having to call back twice because I kept getting forwarded to " full mailboxes " , I demanded to speak to A PERSON and not a mailbox .
The woman I talked to told me that in October of 2003 , I was a patient in the ER at TriCity Hospital .
The bill from that visit was never paid and now I owe $ 1614.98 .
I explained to her that I was NEVER a vistior or patient in the ER like they claim and I want them to send me a detailed copy of this visit .
She told me that her company and TriCity do not work off " the memory " of people and that even though they have been sending notices to THE WRONG ADDRESS I am responsible for 100 % of the bill .
When asked if I would be able to negotiate the bill back down to the principle balance she said no , not if I have to make installments of payments .
I said to her ,
Does n't the hospital have to PROVE that they treated me in 2003 ? , and she said the fact that they have my DOB is proof that they treated me !
So , totally flabergasted at the whole thing , I called TriCity Medical Center .
I spoke with a young lady in the accounts department and she gave me the medical number of the bill in question .
Somehow , by the Grace of God , I had actuely found this medical bill in my dad 's files and kept it !
The bill in question was from Radiology , not the ER of TriCity Medical Center , in October of 2003 .
The original bill was sent to THE WRONG ADDRESS in October of 2004 , in the amount of -- are you ready ... $ 142.43 !!!
When TriCity did not get a response by December they sent it directly to CMRE and wiped their hands of it !
I could n't believe what I was hearing .
Not only was this girl shocked to hear that the credit agency HER COMPANY EMPLOYS wants over $ 1600 , but she also told me that I was unable to deal directly with her because the bill was too old to be in thier system .
I demanded to know two things from her , 1 ) Why would TriCity wait only 2 months and be so hasty to turn this bill over to collections so soon ?
and 2 ) WHERE IN THE HELL DOES CMRE GET OFF CLAIMING THE ORIGINAL AMOUNT WAS $ 987.43 WHEN IT WAS REALLY ONLY $ 142.43 !?!?!?!?
Because , although the account could no longer be handled by her department , she was able to substanciate that the bill was originally only $ 142.43 .
So I asked her what I should do or who I should talk to about taking care of this screw up .
I also explained that I would be more than happy to pay $ 142.43 , it 's just that I had NO IDEA that the bill from 2003 was never paid , and I do n't understand why they were sending it to my father 's old address , and not to me .
All she was able to tell me is that the ONLY people I can deal with on this issue is CMRE Financial Services .
I can tell all of you right now that I AM NOT PAYING THIS COLLECTION AGENCY $ 1614.98 FOR A $ 142.43 BILL !!
I do n;t know how this is all going to play out because I know how hard it is to dispute claims with these kinds of corporations .
I also do not have the money to retain an attorney if need be , and in the meantime my credit is being royally screwed up at the ripe old age of 24 !
This is just one more thing I am now dreading to deal with after the death of my father .
And by the way ... EVERY SINGLE PERSON
I have spoken to ( including three major credit card companies ) has cut me off in mid-sentence to offer condolences on the loss of my Father .
NOT ONCE did I hear even an ounce of compassion in the voices of the women who answered the phone at CMRE or TriCity Medical Center .
My story is yet another example of a major billing screw up on the part of a Hospital and the resulting consequences for the patients they sick CMRE upon .
From : infopractical
2007 -10-03 10:43 pm ( UTC )
Re :
My encounter with CMRE I am very sorry to hear about the loss of your father , and your subsequent hassle with CMRE .
I can tell from the length and tone of your post that your buttons are all pushed at once , and I know that 's the toughest .
I hope you find a good resolution .
Take a deep breath and move forward one step at a time .
Perhaps legal counsel is in order -- particularly given the size of the bill in question .
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-04-08 05:19 pm ( UTC )
Same Problem
And I thought I was alone in this .
I 'm having exactly the same difficulty .
We just received a letter from CMRE for a " uncollected bill " also from Grossmont E/R Medical Group .
Likewise they could n't get my bill straight .
We paid and now we 're being told we did n't .
Just like you , we are also being charged interest .
My question is : what do they do with illegals and uninsured ?
Come to find out , NO DOCTOR WITH GROSSMONT E/R MEDICAL GROUP is affiliated with an insurance company !
Why ?
So they can charge the individual WITH insurance the full charges .
There was no other ER doctor available at the time that my family member got treated .
What were we to do ?
Leave Grossmont ( after the long wait in the waiting room ) and go to Scripps Mercy , or UCSD ?
Well the conclusion is I 'm still trying to negotiate something that is morally wrong by this hospital and their docs .
In the future , we will go to Mercy or UCSD , even if it is another 15 miles further away .
Yet , if any of you have any info on how to fight this unfair practice , please let us know !
From : infopractical
2008-04-08 06:06 pm ( UTC )
Re : Same Problem Unfortunately , I think practices like this continue because most people do n't have the time to organize a fight against it .
If you hold a gun to 10,000 heads and ask for a hundred dollars each , you 're not likely to face resistance .
I suspect the only way to fight such a million dollar scheme is the collective power of a class action lawsuit .
Though , as somebody with a new business , I certainly do n't have time to research the possibility .
I hope that if anyone ever does , I am contacted through this post .
Best of luck with your situation .
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-04-09 01:02 am ( UTC )
CMRE Financial
I have had the same experience believe it or not .
I went in for tetanus shot and treatment of staph infection on my foot a few years ago .
Long story short , I received a bill in the mail and sent them a check .
A month later another bill with a different amount which I so graciously decided to pay as well .
A month later another bill with interest added to the previous two bills !
What the hell is going on .
So I called CMRE for the first time , and like you , I have never received any calls from them while they were sending me these outrageous bill amounts .
They requested an EOB ( explanation of benefits ) that my insurance covers .
So I sent them this and other documents that they requested .
Called them 2 weeks later and they said I continued to owe them .
Their response , nothing .
Stonewall .
What is a person to do ?
CMRE is definitely unscrupulous and conniving business .
They said that the bill was paid in full .
Two years later , today in fact , I called them again and informed that this was still being reported as a delinquent account .
They finally realized that indeed it had been paid in full two years prior .
They had no regard of how this would affect my credit history .
They are currently sending a letter to the credit reporting agencies to have this bogus account removed from my report .
I am just lucky I have n't had mortgage or other loan .
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-04-13 04:46 pm ( UTC )
I was an associate attorney for a firm who handled a lady 's personal injury lawsuit .
I left that firm over 6 months ago .
All of a sudden , I received a collection notice from CMRE for one of this lady 's unpaid bills to La Jolla Radiology .
This is absolutely ridiculous .
I received this letter on a Saturday and faxed a letter of dispute immediately .
I will follow up on Monday and see what these idiots say .
From : infopractical
2008-04-13 06:22 pm ( UTC )
Please report back .
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-05 -22 03:44 pm ( UTC )
CMRE I am having a similiar problem with CMRE .
I was never seen at the doctors office in question and got a credit report that stated I owe them 65.00 .
I paid them 75.00 ( in case of further interest ) just to clear my credit and figured I would resolve it later .
That was about 6 mos .
ago .
When I called to complain to them they started entering key derogatories on my credit even though the balance is now $ 0 .
And the worst part is they never sent me my $ 10 refund .
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-06-05 04:48 pm ( UTC )
I 'm a little old to this post , but , my incident is recent I just off the phone with CMRE .
Went to the ER in January of 2007 , paid my deductible as required by Kaiser of $ 100.00 to the hospital .
Emergency Physicians Medical Group worked up a separate charge of $ 79.47 that I found out later Kaiser did not pay .
I called CMRE .
Rudest people on the planet .
The gentleman ( I use that term generously ) was condescending , saying at least I do n't have any collections you loser .
Huh , I said your office is right down the street from mine , tough guy .
Wanna talk it out ?
He would n't tell me who the bill was from or why I never received it .
I called Kaiser , they pulled up the information and the operator , who was very kind and helpful , advised me this should 've been paid by them and I can fax an appeal and they 'll handle it .
I also received the contact information for EMPG from her .
I in turn called them and they advised they sent my bills to the wrong address , two blocks away from my home , all bills RTS ( return to sender ) .
They said they will contact CMRE and have it put on hold until Kaiser goes through the appeals process .
Now , I call CMRE back and state that according to your letter you have to put this account on hold for 30 days as I have contacted regarding this issue and followed the appropriate protocol .
The refused .
Their letter verbatim , " Unless you notify this office within 30 days from receiving this notice , " I received it on 6/04/08 and I 'm writing this on 6/05 /08 , " this office will assume this debt is valid . "
No such luck for me !
They lied in their letter .
I believe I have recourse .
They also refused to identify the debtor which their letter also states they will do if contacted within 30 days for the receipt of this notice .
I will get this resolved , I will contact my local representatives and I will get EMPG 's account removed from CMRE .
I 'm local , affluent , and ready to take them down and I will .
For all of you and myself .
Take care and I 'm fightin ' them to the last .
From : infopractical
2008-06-05 06:56 pm ( UTC )
Re : I 'm a little old to this post , but , my incident is recent Wow , good for you !
I wish I had had the time and resources for that battle , but I was going through a lot at the time .
Good luck !
FoxTrot waltzes its way into early retirement Comic set to end daily run ; strip will still appear in the Sunday newspaper
FoxTrot © Bill Amend .
Used by permission of Universal Press Syndicate .
FoxTrot © Bill Amend .
Used by permission of Universal Press Syndicate .
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close FoxTrot waltzes its way into early retirement 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
FoxTrot , the popular comic strip that runs in more than 1,000 newspapers — including the Chronicle — will end daily production Dec. 30 , as its creator joins the growing list of cartoonists to grow weary of the daily grind .
Bill Amend , who created FoxTrot in 1988 , will continue to write and draw the Sunday strip .
" After spending close to half of my life writing and drawing FoxTrot cartoons , I think it 's time I got out of the house and tried some new things , " he said in a statement .
" I love cartooning , and I absolutely want to continue doing the strip , just not at the current all - consuming pace . "
Aaron McGruder , Bill Watterson , Berke Breathed , Garry Trudeau and Gary Larson also have all either taken sabbaticals or ended their strips altogether , citing the grueling pace and challenge of maintaining originality and quality as factors in their burnout .
McGruder , who created Boondocks , ended his strip in March for what was supposed to be a six - month hiatus .
He had already handed drawing duties to a substitute artist while devoting time to developing an animated TV series for the Cartoon Network .
The strip has now officially been cancelled .
In earlier generations , the lives of comic strips seemed endless .
After the original artists died or retired , successors continued the strips .
That was because the characters and titles were owned by syndicates , the companies that distribute comic strips and other features to newspapers .
The syndicates had the right to fire creators and replace them at will .
That began to change — at least for the most popular and powerful cartoonists — in the late 1980s .
Breathed started the trend .
" I had to quietly , secretly , threaten the comic pages ' first walk out in 1989 " to gain ownership of Bloom County 's copyright from Washington Post Writers Group , Breathed said in a 2001 interview with The Onion 's A.V. Club .
" It had never been done before . "
A Houston native whose Bloom County became only the second comic strip — after Doonsbury — to win a Pulitzer Prize , Breathed ended the strip in 1988 , at the height of its popularity .
Opus , his current strip , appears only on Sundays .
FoxTrot ,
The Boondocks , The Far Side , Doonsbury and Calvin and Hobbes also were all distributed by Universal , which since taking on Doonsbury in the 1970s has attracted the most envelope - pushing cartoon features .
Cartoonists are retiring their strips now because they can , because they own them .
And because maintaining the quality of strips such as FoxTrot , Doonsbury and Calvin and Hobbes is n't easy .
These are n't gag - a - day strips .
In addition to the daily dose of humor , there 's character development , narrative arcs and , in the case of Doonsbury and Boondocks , the struggle of staying topical .
Watterson ended his wildly popular Calvin and Hobbes in 1995 , he has said , in part to avoid the inevitable drift into " halfhearted repetition " — the fate of many long - running comic strips .
Larson retired The Far Side the same year .
Earlier , he had taken a 14 - month leave to travel and study jazz guitar .
He had drawn more than 4,000 cartoons since the cartoon went into syndication in 1979 .
Since " retiring , " Larson has made animated films and published books .
Lee Salem , president of Universal Press Syndicate , dangled the possibility of FoxTrot popping up later in another form , such as animation .
" In addition to Sunday newspapers , we may see FoxTrot entertaining us in other kinds of media platforms , " he said in a statement posted on the company 's Web site .
A spokesman for the syndicate would n't confirm that plans are in the works for a Fox Trot movie or TV series , saying only that it 's " too early " to discuss it .
Amend , she said , is " not doing interviews " and Salem did n't care to elaborate on the statement .
eric.harrison@chron.com
Why Not Pre-Install World Community Grid on Ubuntu ?
I have been using the World Community Grid as my default screen saver for quite some time .
For those of you not familiar with the project , it basically creates a massive computing network ( your computer and everyone else using WCG ) to solve some of the most difficult problems facing science , such as curing AIDS .
The software is available on a wide variety of platforms ,
including Linux .
There is even an Ubuntu Linux Team ( my distro of choice ) .
Yes , you can create teams and track how much good you and your friends are doing !
What blows my mind is that , with all of the crappy , cheesy screen savers built into operating systems , World Community Grid has n’t been .
If WCG were the default screensaver for every Ubuntu release going forward , what kind of difference would that make ?
Hundreds of thousands of new participants with computers that you know stay on forever and are well maintained ( sorry for the geek stereotype , but come on , how many of you regularly turn off your computer ) .
No tags for this post .
And yet , even taking that personal ordeal into account , there is something surprisingly arduous , even joyless at times , about Edwards ’s second bid for the White House .
Modern presidential campaigns tend to be aggressively upbeat and personality - driven ; sure , every candidate has his favorite issues , but those issues generally exist mostly to color the candidate ’s driving ambition with some shade of higher purpose .
Edwards ’s campaign feels oddly inverted .
There ’s no doubt he wants very badly to win , and yet there are times when the entire campaign seems little more than an excuse for him to talk about the issue with which he is now most closely identified : the case for the 37 million Americans living in poverty .
The centerpiece of his campaign is a sprawling plan to eradicate poverty altogether by 2036 .
Echoing Robert Kennedy ’s final campaign 40 years ago , Edwards , who has apologized for his Senate vote to authorize the invasion of Iraq , argues that Americans can’t prevail in a civil war abroad but that we can — and should — wage another war on poverty at home .
Everything else in the campaign , Edwards seems to think , all these carefully orchestrated photo ops and drop - bys and van rides with the media , is the kind of empty political theater from which he declared himself liberated after his last presidential run .
He gives the impression that he simply endures it .
In that last campaign , in 2004 , Edwards , running as the unflappable optimist in the Democratic primaries , wrote an inspiring book about his days as a plaintiff ’s lawyer ; this time , his unusual entry into the now - standard field of campaign books is called “ Ending Poverty in America : How to Restore the American Dream , ” a collection of bleak and technical essays by leading liberal academics .
In 2004 , when Edwards repeated endlessly that he was the son of a millworker , he sounded proud and hopeful ; now , when he brings up his humble beginnings , it ’s mainly to suggest that he knows what it ’s like to be one layoff or one X - ray away from destitution .
This kind of grim “ twilight in America ” approach has n’t been very successful for Democrats in recent decades .
And yet Edwards could be poised to profit from the current moment in Democratic politics .
Over the last few years , the party ’s labor leaders and its left - leaning intelligentsia —
Ivy League academics , columnists , economists — have become increasingly agitated about the ever - widening disparity between a tiny slice of wealthy Americans and the growing ranks of the working poor .
These progressives see in Edwards ’s campaign a test case for what they hope will be a more anticorporate , antitrade message for the Democratic Party .
The significance of what Edwards is saying , though , goes well beyond messaging and tactics .
As the first candidate of the post - Bill Clinton , postindustrial era to lay out an ambitious antipoverty plan , he may force Democrats to contemplate difficult questions that they have n’t debated in decades — starting with what they ’ve learned about poverty since Johnson and Kennedy ’s time , and what , exactly , they ’re willing to do about it .
If you ’ve recently flipped to Lou Dobbs on CNN or opened the pages of a liberal political journal like The American Prospect , you might have the impression that America in the Bush years has slipped into a kind of Dickensian darkness , a period of unbridled greed and economic deprivation on a scale not seen in this country since the Great Depression .
Like so many things in politics , this has some basis in truth , but only some .
To compare Bush ’s America with Herbert Hoover ’s — or Lyndon Johnson ’s , for that matter — is to engage in not very helpful hyperbole .
According to the economists Thomas Piketty and Emmanuel Saez , the average income of an American taxpayer in 1929 , using today ’s dollars , was about $ 16,000 a year ; the entire middle class , in other words , was poor by modern standards .
It ’s true that the official poverty rate , while fluctuating quite a bit , is pretty much unchanged from where it was 40 years ago ( it was 14.2 percent in 1967 , compared with just under 13 percent at last count ) , but it ’s also true that what we call poverty has changed strikingly .
When Johnson stepped onto that front porch in Inez , there were still rural poor who had no electricity , no running water , no primary - school education .
Now most rural towns have access to satellite TV , and even the worst of the housing projects built in the 1960s — though thoroughly horrid places to live — come with solid roofs and indoor plumbing .
While poverty itself may little resemble what it was in 1929 or even in 1964 , however , the distance between what poor and wealthy Americans earn has widened considerably in recent decades .
Since the 1970s , the portion of national income attributed to the superrich — that is , the top one - tenth of 1 percent of earners — has essentially tripled .
In fact , in recent years , the richest 1 percent of Americans have controlled the largest share of national income — currently 19 percent — since Franklin Roosevelt took the oath of office .
If you ’re in high demand as , say , a cosmetics C.E.O.
or a basketball player , you ’re making exponentially more than you would have made 30 years ago , while the lowest - earning Americans who buy your lipstick or watch your games on TV have barely seen their wages budge .
It ’s not that the poor are getting poorer , or that more Americans are falling below the poverty line , so much as it is that poor Americans are falling further and further behind those who succeed .
Economists have a lot of ideas about what factors are contributing to this worsening inequality , from Bush ’s tax cuts to the ballooning pay packages of corporate executives , but the general consensus seems to blame a combination of technological advances and globalization .
Automation means that companies can make the same products with fewer workers , and the emergence of a global work force means that they do n’t have to make those products here anymore .
As a result , wages for high - school graduates , who used to be able to get factory jobs , have stagnated , while highly educated workers have become increasingly valuable to companies seeking any intellectual advantage in an increasingly competitive world .
Though inequality runs counter to what we think of as American values , there ’s no consensus that it actually reduces growth — in fact , there are those who argue that inequality is a natural byproduct of growth .
And yet , most social scientists seem to agree that , sooner or later , income inequality will exact a steep social cost , if not an economic one .
During the 1990s , Paul Romer , a Stanford economist , emerged as one of the world ’s leading theorists on economic growth .
Recently , though , Romer has changed his focus , and he told me that the country , too , is entering a new phase .
For most of the 20th century , he explained , economists focused on stability — that is , understanding and controlling inflation and depressions .
Then , toward the end of the century , growth became the central obsession .
Now , Romer said , we are embarking on the next great challenge in American economics : mitigating inequality .
Show love to the Module Pattern Tuesday , July 24th , 2007 at 5:51 pm
Back in February 2006
I declared my love for the object literal explaining that it is a great way of making sure your scripts do n’t interfere with others as all you expose to the world is a single object name .
Instead of
function init ( ) { } function doStuff ( ) { } var my Message = ' oi , gerrof ! ' ; function init ( ) {} function doStuff ( ) {} var myMessage = ' oi , gerrof ! ' ;
which might be easily overwritten you can use
myScript = { init : function ( ) { } , doStuff : function ( ) { } , my Message : 'oi , gerrof ! ' } my Script = { init:function ( ) {} , doStuff : function ( ) {} , my Message : 'oi , gerrof ! ' }
and this way make sure that they do n’t get overwritten or overwrite other methods or variables .
You can access them as myScript.init ( ) , myScript.doStuff ( ) and myScript.myMessage .
I liked this idea so much I argued for a length of time with my technical editor at that time that I want my book to be based on this kind of scripting or not at all .
The only annoyance I had with this is that it still leads to rather big methods , as you have to use the long name for every call of variables inside the object .
True , you can use this , but when you use event handling and you do n’t use the scope correction of the YUI event you ’ll use that for the element the event occured on .
myScript = { init : function ( ) { this .
doStuff ( ) ; } , doStuff : function ( ) { } , my Message : 'oi , gerrof ! ' } my Script = { init:function ( ) { this .doStuff( ) ; } , doStuff : function ( ) {} , my Message : 'oi , gerrof ! ' }
Is therefore not necessarily possible , so you need to use :
myScript = { init : function ( ) { myScript . doStuff ( ) ; } , doStuff : function ( ) { } , my Message : 'oi , gerrof ! ' } my Script = { init:function ( ) { myScript.doStuff ( ) ; } , doStuff : function ( ) {} , myMessage : 'oi , gerrof ! ' }
This , in much more complex scripts , can lead to a lot of code and typing ( unless you use an IDE ) and just seems bloated .
I had a lot of problems fitting object literal scripts into 80 character code templates for the book and magazine articles for example .
The solution to shorter code is once again a thing from the mad JavaScript scientist ’s lab of Douglas Crockford called the Module Pattern .
If you want a very detailed and good explanation of what it does in terms of OO sorcery , check out the easy to follow explanation of the Module Pattern by Eric Miraglia on the YUI blog .
What the Module Pattern does for me on top of that is that it keeps my code short .
I only expose those methods as public that need to be and then I can call them inside the main object by name of the method and not by objectname .
methodname .
myScript = { massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman : 1 , this IsReallyLong : function ( n ) { } , doStuff : function ( n ) { } , init : function ( ) { myScript .
doStuff ( my Script . massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; my Script . this IsReallyLong ( myScript . massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; } } myScript . init ( ) ; my Script = { massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman:1 , this IsReallyLong: function ( n ) {} , doStuff : function ( n ) {} , init: function ( ) { myScript.doStuff(myScript.massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; myScript.thisIsReallyLong(myScript.massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; } } myScript.init( ) ;
becomes
myScript = function ( ) { var massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman = 1 ; function this IsReallyLong ( n ) { } ; function doStuff ( n ) { } ; return { init : function ( ) { doStuff ( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; this IsReallyLong ( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; } } ; } ( ) ; my Script. init ( ) ; my Script = function ( ) { var massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman = 1 ; function this IsReallyLong ( n ) {} ; function doStuff ( n ) {} ; return { init:function ( ) { doStuff ( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; this IsReallyLong( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; } } ; } ( ) ; myScript.init( ) ;
However , there are two problems remaining : if you want to call one public method from another public method you ’d still need to go either via the this route or by prepending the main object name :
myScript = function ( ) { var massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman = 1 ; function this IsReallyLong ( n ) { } ; function doStuff ( n ) { } ; return { init : function ( ) { doStuff ( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; this IsReallyLong ( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; otherPublic ( ) // < - has MASSIVE FAIL !
this .
otherPublic ( ) // <- works myScript .
otherPublic ( ) // <- works } , otherPublic : function ( ) { } } ; } ( ) ; my Script . init ( ) ;</> my Script = function ( ) { var massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman = 1 ; function this IsReallyLong ( n ) {} ; function doStuff ( n ) {} ; return { init:function ( ) { doStuff ( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; this IsReallyLong( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; otherPublic ( ) // < - has MASSIVE FAIL ! this.otherPublic() // <- works myScript.otherPublic( ) // <- works } , otherPublic: function ( ) { } } ; } ( ) ; myScript.init( ) ;</>
The other problem is that I am not too happy about the return {} with all the public methods in it , it still looks a bit alien to me .
Caridy PatiÃ±o offered a solution to that problem on the YUIblog by simply creating an object with a short name inside the main object that can act as a shortcut for public methods to call each other :
var myScript = function ( ) { var pub = { } ; var massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman = 1 ; function this IsReallyLong ( n ) { } ; function doStuff ( n ) { } ; pub .
init = function ( ) { doStuff ( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; this IsReallyLong ( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; pub .
otherPublic ( ) ; } ; pub .
otherPublic = function ( ) { } ; return pub ; } ( ) ; my Script. init ( ) ; var myScript = function ( ) { var pub = {} ; var massively LongVariableProbablyGerman = 1 ; function this IsReallyLong ( n ) {} ; function doStuff ( n ) {} ; pub.init = function ( ) { doStuff ( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; this IsReallyLong( massivelyLongVariableProbablyGerman ) ; pub.otherPublic( ) ; } ; pub.otherPublic = function ( ) { } ; return pub ; }( ) ; myScript.init( ) ;
This also saves me one level of indentation which means I can fit even more code in 80 characters .
I will use that much more in earnest now .
UPDATE
If you like what you see here , take it up another notch with the revealing module pattern
An international team of astronomers with the Trans- atlantic Exoplanet Survey today announce the discovery of their third planet , TrES - 3 .
The new planet was identified by astronomers looking for transiting planets - that is , planets that pass in front of their home star - using a network of small automated telescopes in Arizona , California , and the Canary Islands .
TrES - 3 was discovered in the constellation Hercules about 10 degrees west of Vega , the brightest star in the summer skies .
A computer - generated simulation of TrES - 3 crossing ( transiting ) the disk of its host star .
TrES - 3 transits farther from the disk center than any other known transiting planet .
The transit of TrES - 3 causes a drop in the brightness of its home star of about two and a half percent .
This slight dimming of the star 's light was noticed and measured by the TrES researchers , who used the parameters of the transit to determine the planet 's mass , size and other properties .
Credit : Jeffrey Hall , Lowell Observatory
" TrES - 3 is an unusual planet as it orbits its parent star in just 31 hours ! , " said Georgi Mandushev , Lowell Observatory astronomer .
" That is to say , the year on this planet lasts less than one and a third days .
It is also a very massive planet - about twice the mass of the solar system 's biggest planet , Jupiter - and is one of the planets with the shortest known periods . "
The new planet TrES - 3 was first noticed by Lowell Observatory 's Planet Search Survey Telescope ( PSST ) , set up and operated by Edward Dunham and Georgi Mandushev .
The Sleuth telescope , maintained by David Charbonneau ( CfA ) and Francis O'Donovan ( Caltech ) , at Caltech 's Palomar Observatory also observed transits of TrES - 3 , confirming the initial detections .
TrES - 3 is about 1,500 light - years distant and because it is so close to its host star , it is very hot , about 1,500 degrees Kelvin .
" TrES - 3 will be an intriguing object to study more deeply , said Edward Dunham , Lowell Observatory instrument scientist .
" For example , its tight orbit causes it to be illuminated very strongly .
This may make it possible to measure the variation in reflected light as it goes through its phases .
This will tell us how reflective its atmosphere is . "
A computer - generated simulation of TrES - 3 as seen from the night side , with its host star in the distance .
The planet 's home star is slightly smaller and cooler than the Sun , and is about six times larger than the planet .
TrES - 3 is a gas giant , similar to our own Jupiter but about 30 percent bigger and about twice as massive .
Unlike Jupiter , however , TrES - 3 is very close to its parent star and orbits it in 31 hours .
That means that the year on TrES - 3 lasts less than one and one - third Earth days .
Credit : Jeffrey Hall , Lowell Observatory
By definition , a transiting planet passes directly between Earth and the star , causing a slight dimming of the star 's light in a manner similar to that caused when the moon passes between the Sun and Earth during a solar eclipse .
To look for transits , the small telescopes are automated to take wide - field timed exposures of the clear skies on as many nights as possible .
When an observing run is completed for a particular field - usually over an approximate two - month period - astronomers measure very precisely the light from every star in the field in order to detect the possible signature of a transiting planet .
" TrES - 3 blocks off about 2.5 percent of the light of the star as it passes in front of it , " said Mandushev .
" With our telescopes , we can measure this tiny drop in the star 's brightness and deduce the presence of a planet there . "
TrES - 3 was also observed by members of the Hungarian Automated Telescope Network ( HATNet ) .
The study 's lead author , Francis O'Donovan of Caltech , highlighted the teamwork between TrES and HAT .
" The search for extrasolar planets is an exciting and competitive field .
I was happy to see that cooperation between separate teams led to a rapid confirmation of this planet , " said O'Donovan .
In order to help confirm they had found a planet , HATNet 's Gaspar Bakos and CfA's Guillermo Torres switched from the 10 - centimeter TrES telescopes to one of the 10 - meter telescopes at the W. M. Keck Observatory on the summit of Mauna Kea , Hawaii .
Using this giant telescope , they confirmed that they had found a new planet .
In order to measure accurately the size and other properties of TrES - 3 , astronomers also made follow up observations of it with bigger telescopes at Lowell Observatory and Fred L. Whipple Observatory in Arizona , and with the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope in Hawaii .
Other authors of the paper " TrES - 3 : A Nearby , Massive , Transiting Hot Jupiter in a 31 - hour Orbit , " are Gaspar Bakos , David Charbonneau , David Latham , Alessandro Sozzetti , Robert Stefanik , and Guillermo Torres of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ; Timothy Brown , Nairn Baliber , and Marton Hidas of the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope ; Geza Kovacs of Konkoly Observatory in Hungary ; Mark Everett and Gilbert Esquerdo of the Planetary Science Institute ; Markus Rabus , Hans Deeg , and Juan Belamonte of the Instituto de Astrofisica de Canaries in Tenerife , Spain ; and Lynne Hillenbrand of the California Institute of Technology .
Kumari Sajani Shakya was promoting a documentary abroad
Sajani Shakya was one of the three most - revered Kumaris , who are honoured by Hindus and Buddhists alike .
Chosen after undergoing tests at the age of two , she had been expected to bless devotees and attend festivals until she reached puberty .
But she provoked the ire of temple elders by travelling to the US .
Attributes needed
Sajani is a Kumari in the town of Bhaktapur , next to the capital , Kathmandu .
She recently went to promote a documentary film in the US .
Elders said the visit had tainted her purity , adding that they would now begin the search for a successor .
Sajani was one of several Kumaris in Nepal , and among the top three who are forbidden from leaving Nepal .
A Kumari is chosen between the ages of two and four , always from the same Buddhist clan .
Tradition holds that she must hold 32 attributes , including thighs like those of a deer and a neck like a conch shell .
She lives a confined life , only coming out of her palace three or four times a year until she reaches puberty when another Kumari must be found .
This main outing coincides with a festival of thanks to the local rain god and as always , her feet must never touch the ground unless there is a red carpet beneath them .
Last November Nepal 's Supreme Court ordered an inquiry into whether the Kumari tradition has led to the exploitation of girls .
Big companies and small are entering a new marketplace
In pictures
Its Astrium division says it will build a space plane capable of carrying fare - paying passengers on a sub-orbital ride more than 100 km above the planet .
The vehicle , which will take off from a normal airport , will give the tourists a three - to - five - minute experience of weightlessness at the top of its climb .
Tickets are expected to cost up to 200,000 euros ( £ 135,000 ) , with flights likely to begin in 2012 .
There must be millions of people who have dreamt about this since they were little kids
Marc Newson , designer
" Astrium is by far the largest space company in Europe , so we are very knowledgeable in all these matters .
We believe our concept is extremely safe , extremely comfortable and cost effective , " he told BBC News .
Two in one
EADS Astrium is the company that builds the Ariane rocket , which lofts most of the world 's commercial satellites .
Its space jet is a very different concept , however .
The passengers would get a few minutes of weightlessness
The production model will use normal jet engines to take off and climb to 12 km .
From there , a rocket engine will kick the vehicle straight up , taking it beyond 60 km in just 80 seconds .
By the time the rocket shuts down , the craft should have sufficient velocity to carry it above 100 km - into space .
As the plane then begins to fall back to Earth , the pilot will use small thrusters to control its altitude , guiding the vehicle into the atmosphere from where it will use its jet engines again to return to the airport .
The total journey time will be about one - and - a - half hours .
World window
Astrium says there will be room for four passengers on each mission .
Towards the top of the climb , these individuals will be able to float free in the cabin and look through large windows at the planet below .
Astrium is proposing a different technical solution to the one being pursued by airline boss Sir Richard Branson and his Virgin Galactic enterprise .
SpaceShipOne was slung beneath a carrier aircraft
SpaceShipOne had to be carried to a launch altitude by another vehicle before using rocket propulsion ; and on its return from space , glided to its home runway .
Astrium says its decision to go with a one - stage concept was driven by safety and economic considerations .
The Australian Marc Newson was employed to design the space plane 's interior .
He said he had put great emphasis on the seats - which he describes as " hi- tech hammocks " - and the windows to maximise the flight experience .
Child 's dream
" The windows are very similar to a civilian jet airliner but they 're about 30 % bigger ; but more importantly , there 're 15 windows and only four passengers , so there 're are plenty of opportunities to float around the interior of this cabin and take different views of space , the stars , the Moon , and the Earth , " Mr Newson explained .
" It will be amazing .
You 'll actually be outside the Earth 's atmosphere ; you 'll be able to see Earth as a spherical object and everything else around you will be black .
There must be millions of people who have dreamt about this since they were little kids , " he told the BBC .
EADS Astrium says its space jet project is likely to cost a billion euros to develop .
It will be looking for financial and industrial partners over the next year .
It says that if development work starts in 2008 , the first commercial flights could be made in 2012 .
" The development of a new vehicle able to operate in altitudes between aircraft ( 20 km ) and below satellites ( 200 km ) could well be a precursor for rapid transport , point - to - point vehicles , or quick access to space , " Astrium said in a statement .
" Its development will contribute to maintaining and even enhancing European competencies in core technologies for space transportation . "
Here 's a fascinating question that can never be asked scientifically :
What is the nature of consciousness ?
No experiment can even show that consciousness exists ( see my June 2006 column to be reminded why ) .
Fortunately , there are ways to get closer and closer to this impossible topic .
For instance , it is possible to ask what meaning is , even if we can not ask about the experience of meaning .
V. S. Ramachandran , a neuroscientist at the University of California at San Diego and the Salk Institute , has come up with a research program to approach the question of meaning with remarkable concreteness .
Like many of the best scientists , Rama ( as he is known to his colleagues ) is engaged in an extension of his childhood curiosities .
When he was 11 , he wondered about the digestive system of the Venus flytrap , the carnivorous plant .
Are the digestive enzymes in its leaves triggered by proteins , by sugars , or both ?
Would saccharin fool the traps the way it fools our taste buds ?
Later Rama graduated to studying vision and published his first paper in the journal Nature when he was 20 .
He is best known for the work that overlaps with my own interests : using mirrors as a low - tech form of virtual reality to treat phantom - limb pain and stroke paralysis .
His research has also sparked a fruitful ongoing dialogue between the two of us about language and meaning .
In my May 2006 column , I described how parts of the brain 's cerebral cortex are specialized for particular sensory systems , such as vision , and how there are also overlapping regions between these parts , known as cross-modal areas .
Rama has been interested in how the cross-modal areas of the brain may give rise to a core element of language and meaning : the metaphor .
His canonical example is encapsulated in an experiment known as bouba / kiki .
Rama presents test subjects with two words , which are pronounceable but meaningless in most languages : bouba and kiki .
Then he shows the subjects two images , one a spiky , hystricine shape and the other a rounded cloud form .
Match the words and the images !
Of course the spiky shape goes with kiki and the cloud matches bouba .
This correlation is cross-cultural and appears to be a general truth for all of humankind .
The bouba / kiki experiment isolates one form of linguistic abstraction .
" Boubaness " or " kikiness " arises between two stimuli that are otherwise utterly dissimilar : an image formed on the retina versus a sound activated in the cochlea of the ear .
Such abstractions seem to be linked to the mental phenomenon of metaphor .
For instance , Rama finds that patients who have lesions in a cross-modal brain region called the inferior parietal lobule have difficulty both with the bouba / kiki task and with interpreting proverbs or stories that have nonliteral meanings .
Rama 's experiments suggest that some metaphors can be understood as mild forms of synesthesia .
In its more severe forms , synesthesia is an intriguing neurological anomaly in which a person 's sensory systems are crossed ; a color might be perceived as a sound .
( It could be argued that Shakespeare also linked synesthesia , in a broader form , to meaning : Bottom , in A Midsummer Night 's Dream , describes his dream as being indescribable because " The eye of man hath not heard , the ear of man hath not seen . . . what my dream was . " )
What is the connection between the images and the sounds in Rama 's experiment ?
Well , from a mathematical point of view , kiki and the spiky shape both have " sharp " components that are not so pronounced in bouba ; similar sharp components are present in the tongue and hand motions needed to make the kiki sound or draw the kiki picture .
Rama suggests that cross-modal abstraction — the ability to make consistent connections across senses — may have initially evolved in lower primates as a better way to grasp branches .
Here 's how it could have happened :
The cross-modal area of the brain might have evolved to link an oblique image hitting the retina ( caused by viewing a tilted branch ) with an " oblique " sequence of muscle twitches ( leading the animal to grab the branch at an angle ) .
The remapping ability then became co-opted for other kinds of abstraction that humans excel in , like the bouba / kiki metaphor .
This is a common phenomenon in evolution :
A preexisting structure , slightly modified , takes on analogous , yet dissimilar functions .
Rama also wonders about other kinds of metaphors , ones that do n't obviously fall into the bouba / kiki category .
In his current favorite example , Shakespeare has Romeo declare Juliet to be " the sun . "
There is no obvious bouba / kiki - like dynamic that would link a young , female , doomed romantic lead with a bright orb in the sky , yet the metaphor is immediately sensible to anyone who hears it .
A few months ago , when we ran into each other at a conference where we were both speaking , I made a simple suggestion to Rama about how to extend the bouba / kiki idea to Juliet and the sun .
Suppose you had a vocabulary of only 100 words .
( This experience will be familiar if you 've ever traveled in a region where you do n't speak the language . )
In that case , you 'd have to use your small vocabulary creatively to get by .
Now extend that condition to an extreme .
Suppose you had a vocabulary of only four nouns : kiki , bouba , Juliet , and sun .
When the choices are reduced , the importance of what might otherwise seem like trivial synesthetic or other elements of commonality is amplified .
Juliet is not spiky , so bouba or the sun , both being rounded , fit better than kiki .
( If Juliet were given to angry outbursts of spiky noises , then kiki would be more of a contender , but that 's not our girl in this case . )
There are a variety of other minor overlaps that make Juliet more sunlike than bouba-ish .
If a tiny vocabulary has to be stretched to cover a lot of territory , then any difference at all between the qualities of words is practically a world of difference .
The brain is so desirous of associations that it will then amplify any tiny potential linkage in order to get a usable one .
( There 's infinitely more to the metaphor as it appears in the play , of course .
Juliet sets like the sun , but when she dies , she does n't come back like it .
We can all only wish that she really were more like the sun in this way .
Or maybe the archetype of Juliet always returns , like the sun — a good metaphor breeds itself into a growing community of interacting ideas . )
I am not a Shakespeare scholar by any means , but it seems to me that the Bard did n't generally aim for the outer reaches of his vocabulary when he set down a metaphor .
His vocabulary was large — almost 30,000 words — but he usually chose small , common words , although in shocking juxtapositions , to describe Juliet , Hamlet , or anything else important .
Likewise , much of the most expressive slang comes from people with poor or inapplicable formal education making creative use of the words they know .
This is true of pidgin languages , street slangs , and so on .
The most evocative words are often the most common ones that are used in the widest variety of ways .
Yiddish : Nu? Spanish : Pues. . . .
One reason the metaphor of the sun fascinates me is that it bears on a conflict that has been at the heart of information science since its inception :
Can meaning be described compactly and precisely , or is it something that can emerge only approximately from statistical associations between large numbers of components ?
Mathematical expressions are compact and precise , and most early computer scientists assumed that at least part of language ought to display those qualities too .
In my August 2006 column , I described how statistical approaches to tasks like automatic language translation seem to be working better than compact , precise ones .
I also argued against the probability of an initial small , well - defined vocabulary in the evolution of language and in favor of an emergent vocabulary that never became precisely defined .
There is , however , at least one more possibility I did n't describe in the August column : Vocabulary could be emergent , but there could be an outside factor that initially makes it difficult for a vocabulary to grow as large as the process of emergence might otherwise prefer .
The bouba / kiki dynamic , along with other similarity - detecting processes in the brain , can be imagined as the basis of the creation of an endless series of metaphors , which could correspond to a boundless vocabulary .
But the metaphor of the sun , if this explanation is right , might come about only in a situation where the vocabulary is at least somewhat limited .
Imagine that you had an endless capacity for vocabulary at the same time that you were inventing language .
In that case you could make up an arbitrary new word for each new thing you had to say .
A compressed vocabulary might engender less arbitrary , more evocative words .
Maybe the modest brain capacity of early hominids was the source of the limitation of vocabulary size .
Whatever the cause , an initially limited vocabulary might be necessary for the emergence of an expressive language .
Of course the vocabulary can always grow later on , once the language has established itself .
Modern English has a huge vocabulary .
Try Googling " hystricine . "
Through the Universal Windows Platform ( UWP ) , Microsoft developed a lot of apps that work on a variety of devices that run Windows 10 .
The UWP offers features and support for new tools or services in the most recent Windows releases .
Microsoft now supports .
Net Standard 2.0 specification that would ease the sharing of code for .
Net unification .
Universal Windows Platform Unifies .
Net Software Development in Windows 10 Platforms
This new attempt from Microsoft comes right after they discontinued the Windows Mobile platform .
Windows phone users should however not panic , as they will still have support for their phones but we ’re not going to see any new Windows Mobile OS versions or new phone hardware .
Lately , Microsoft focused on adding support to their development tools for Android and iOS , so the Universal Windows apps are not quite universal anymore .
The Universal Windows Platform will , however , support Windows 10 , developing apps for PCs , Xbox game consoles , and the HoloLens – their augmented – reality display .
The support for Net Standard 2.0 from the UWP came through APIs for all of the .
Net platforms : . Net Framework 4.6.1 , Mono 5.4 , and Xamarin .
The Universal Windows Platform support for .
Net Standard 2.0 brought it on the same level with other .
Net implementations .
If you want to get the .
Net Standard 2.0 updates , go to the Visual Studio 2017 15.4 IDE .
If you are a developer , then you must have an updated Windows 10 – Windows 10 Fall Creators Update .
The Universal Windows Platform is n’t Attractive Enough to Developers
Microsoft has had their Universal Windows Platform criticized , as it was considered a ‘ closed platform ’ that has a debatable backward compatibility , as it is Windows 10 - only .
And let ’s face it , how many devices run on a Windows 10 , since Microsoft discontinued their mobile hardware and any future OS versions ?
Despite of these facts , Microsoft has updated their UWP this spring , when they also announced a future launch for .
Net Standard 2.0 support that was released this week .
Dating Discussion Bingo [ Aug. 8th , 2007 | 03:06 pm ] Jeff's LiveJournal
Inspired by this discussion at Pandagon and countless others like it , I 've drafted a bingo card for dating discussions .
( For those of you not familiar with the concept , it goes like this : you mark off a space when someone in the discussion makes this point , and the first to get five in a row " wins . "
For particularly trite conversations , players can agree that the first to " blackout " the entire board wins .
Basically , it 's a way to mock people that drop by with tired arguments that everyone 's heard before . )
Women are only attracted to money and power Pick - up artists just teach men to be confident Men have to do all the work in dating !
Everyone knows it 's just a game
It worked for cavemen !
You just do n't like sex !
Do n't date " Western " women !
Women use sex as a bargaining chip !
" Nice guys " finish last Women do n't risk being rejected like men do Real women do n't have any problem with this Women do n't know what they want !
FREE LOVE
Women objectify men too !
How can I hate women if I 'm attracted to them ?
Dating is just another name for prostitution
If we did n't act this way , nobody would get laid !
Women are attracted to jerks Women have all the power in relationships Women want " alpha males " Women can get sex whenever they want !
It 's feminism 's fault !
I would love it if women treated me that way !
If she had a problem with it , she 'd say so We 're " hard - wired " to act this way
Any ideas for ones I missed for card # 2 ?
Note that the Indepent 's server has been very slow on occasions .
A pdf of Howden 's article may be downloaded from the TOD server here
The news item was referring to a story in Thursday ’s Independent ( 14/06/07 ) ( a national UK newspaper ) by Daniel Howden titled “ Scientists challenge major review of global reserves and warn that supplies will start to run out in four years ’ time . ”
Howden refers to the work of Chris Skrebowski ( Oil Depletion Analysis Centre or ODAC ) and Colin Campbell ( Association for Peak Oil or ASPO ) .
Kudos to Chris and to Colin for getting this news onto the front page .
I almost choked on my whisky when I heard on the UK national television news ( 13/06/07 ) , a story about peak oil and questions asked about oil reserves figures quoted in the newly published BP Statistical Review of World Energy .
So what is this all about ?
If you are unfamiliar with the Middle East OPEC reserves reporting scandal and the culpability of BP and OECD institutions in perpetuating myths about global oil reserves then this is explained below using Saudi Arabia as an example .
In its purestst form , oil reserves accounting follows a simple convention :
Reserves at start of period
Less production
Plus new discoveries
Plus or minus revisions
Equals reserves at end of period
Oil reserves therefore , are a dynamic variable , relentlessly pulled down by production when the rate of new discoveries declines , as it inevitably does in every oil region .
Revisions are a wild card that allows companies or countries to correct for past mistakes or to take account of new technologies that may boost recovery or changes in oil price that may make recovery more or less economic .
Saudi Arabia is the second largest oil producer in the world ( after Russia ) and is the largest exporter with 2006 exports of roughly 8.9 million barrels of oil per day .
This represents 20 % of global oil exports and it is therefore vitally important for the World to know for how much longer Saudi Arabia can continue to produce oil at 10 million barrels per day - that equates to roughly 4 billon barrels of oil per year .
The chart shows two lines that provide very different pictures of Saudi oil reserves .
Both lines are anchored on 1980 – the year that the Saudi government took 100 % control of Aramco – the state run Saudi oil company .
The blue line shows the official Saudi reserves as reported by BP whilst the red line shows how Saudi reserves would have declined since 1980 as a result of the 77 billion barrels of oil that have been produced since then .
The red line is then back calculated to 1936 , the year Saudi production began and accounts for the 120 billion barrels produced since that time .
The red line does not account for new discoveries and revisions and there is therefore scope for the 91 billion barrels indicated reserves in 2006 to be increased or reduced .
It is noteworthy that Saudi Arabia has not made any super giant discoveries since 1980 and that new discoveries since 1980 are unlikely to have a huge impact upon the current reserves figure .
There are two main issues with the blue official line .
The first is that reserves were substantially revised upwards from 170 to 260 billion barrels between 1987 and 1989 .
That ’s a 53 % revision that does not correspond with new discoveries being made .
The Saudis must therefore argue that this one off escalation in reserves was due to previous under - reporting or upwards revision based on new technologies such as horizontal drilling and 3D seismic that allows more accurate targeting of oil wells .
The second and more serious issue is that since 1988 , there has been no annual adjustment to reserves for production .
That flat blue line should at least decline parallel to the red line .
Combined , these two issues suggest that official Saudi reserves are grossly over - estimated .
We can say with certainty that the flat line annual return is false accounting , which leaves us in a position of not knowing what the actual Saudi reserves are .
I ’d suggest that the true figure likely lies closer to 91 billion barrels than the official figure of 264 billion barrels as newly reported by BP .
Those who are unfamiliar with this accounting scandal may be surprised to know that the UAE , Kuwait , Iraq , Iran , Syria and Qatar all follow this same practice .
The reasons for Middle East OPEC countries following this reserves convention are complex but regular readers of The Oil Drum will be aware that ME OPEC may be inclined to report figures for Ultimate Recoverable Reserves ( URR ) as opposed to remaining reserves .
In other words , it seems they report how much oil they will recover throughout the whole history of their oil industry as opposed to how much oil they believe is left to be recovered .
The main reason for writing this short piece is to add my voice to Skrebowski , Campbell , Leggett and others and criticise the BP Statistical Review of World Energy for once again reporting without question the validity of ME OPEC official reserves figures .
BP is not alone in perpetuating the ME OPEC reserves myth and the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) and Energy Information Agency ( EIA ) are equally culpable .
This is how BP defines Proved Oil Reserves in their statistical review :
Proved reserves of oil - Generally taken to be those quantities that geological and engineering information indicates with reasonable certainty can be recovered in the future from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions .
This definition is just wholly incompatible with the reserves reporting standard of Saudi Arabia and other ME OPEC countries .
Whilst I am aware that there can be business and grander political motives for BP simply reporting the data as presented by ME OPEC countries , there comes a point where the interests of business and national etiquette are outweighed by the more substantial interest of the OECD securing future supplies of energy .
Peter Davies , Chief Economist with BP was reported by Daniel Howden as saying :
We do n't believe there is an absolute resource constraint .
When peak oil comes , it is just as likely to come from consumption peaking , perhaps because of climate change policies as from production Peaking .
If this is an accurate quote it betrays an extraordinary level of denial within BP .
I would agree , however , that $ 200 per barrel might produce a consumption peak .
This of course may suit BP but it is not in the interest of OECD economies to permit this to happen .
For so long as BP , the IEA and EIA go on reporting ME OPEC reserves without question then the leaders of the major OECD economies will continue to ignore the energy peril that they are confronted with .
Long - term readers of The Oil Drum will be aware that I lean towards the more optimistic end of the energy depletion spectrum .
I firmly believe that the energy gap left by depletion in fossil solar fuels ( oil , natural gas and coal ) may be substantially filled by a mix of renewable solar energy , nuclear power and smart engineering .
If the appropriate actions are taken then harm to OECD society and civilistaion , that may be caused by fossil fuel depeltion , may be minimised .
OECD governments , however , must take serious action to promote investment in our energy future – and this will only happen when organisations like BP present a refined version of the truth about our depleting supplies of oil and natural gas .
I appreciate that BP may feel compelled to report reserves figures for ME OPEC countries and in the absence of reliable data what should be done ?
At the very least ME OPEC reserves should not be referred to as Proved Reserves as defined by BP and attention should be drawn to the fact that ME OPEC reserves figures are not declined for annual production .
That at least would be a small step in the right direction that would bring greater transparency to OECD planners and pressure to bear on ME OPEC reporting standards .
The District of Columbia has agreed to pay $ 1 million to about 120 protesters who were improperly rounded up by the police during demonstrations against the invasion of Iraq , the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
The settlement , reached Wednesday , is the largest payout to date by the city for police actions during the Sept. 27 , 2002 , protests .
Charles Ramsey , who was police chief at the time , initially defended the arrests but later acknowledged they were improper .
If ever I think I know everything I spend a little time talking to my eight year old daughter .
She ’s very good at asking questions I can’t answer , or at least have to think hard about .
The thinking hard bit is important because she cuts through bullshit quickly .
When she was five and her mother had been sending her to Sunday School , out of the blue one day she asked me :
“ If God made us , and God loves us , why would God let us get sick ? ”
What would you have said ?
My first impulse was “ ask your mother ” but that has limited effectiveness .
My eventual answer was some lame variation of “ what does n’t kill us makes us stronger ” but I squeaked by .
When she asks me about my work I give her real answers and frame them in a way that makes sense to her .
It ’s good practice for explaining IT concepts to management types .
She ’s smarter than most of the managers I have to deal with but I figure if I can explain something clearly to her I only have to dumb it down a little bit more for managers .
Recently she wanted to know if everyone who worked with computers was a programmer .
“ No , ” I responded .
“ I ’m not , I ’m a Business Analyst . ”
“ Do you know how to program computers ? ”
“ Not really , no . ”
“ And it ’s the programmers who make the computer work ? ”
“ Basically , yes . ”
“ So why do programmers need you ? ”
“ That ’s what they keep saying to me . ”
“ I ’m serious Daddy , what do you do ? ”
“ I write the business requirements .
I work with the programmers to make sure the computer ends up doing the right thing . ”
“ Does that mean you ’re in charge ? ”
“ I wish .
First , I talk to the people in charge about what they want .
I work out what their requirements are , that ’s why we call it business requirements . ”
“ Do n’t they know what they want ? ”
“ Not always . ”
“ That ’s silly , everyone knows what they want . ”
“ Not always .
And people are n’t always good at explaining to someone else what they want .
How about if I told you I wanted you to buy me a car , what car would you get me ? ”
“ Ummm , a Smart car , they ’re cute . ”
“ That ’s too small for me . ”
“ Then I ’ll get you a 4WD . ”
“ That ’s too big and slow .
I want something faster . ”
“ I ’ll get you a Porsche . ”
“ I do n’t have enough money for that . ”
“ Well , what sort of car will I get you ? ”
“ See , now you ’re asking me about my requirements .
I want a Volkswagen Passat . ”
“ OK , I ’ll get you that . ”
“ What colour did you get me ? ”
“ Red . ”
“ I do n’t want red , I want black . ”
“ Why did n’t you say so ? ”
“ You did n’t ask . ”
“ Is this what you have to do all day ? ”
“ Pretty much , yeah . ”
“ No wonder you ’re angry all the time . ”
“ I AM NOT ANGRY ALL THE TIME ! ”
This conversation was slipping beyond my control quickly .
I decided to try a different approach .
This past school holidays we ’d seen Shrek 3 which had led to watching Shrek 1 & 2 on DVD again .
I decided to explain requirement gathering in relation to Shrek .
“ See , this is what I have to do – ask the right questions .
The programmer is like the car dealer , they can get you whatever car you want .
All you have to do is be clear about what you need you car to be able to do .
Usually you have to start by asking big questions and work your way through layers of detail .
“ It ’s like in Shrek , when Shrek said ogres are like onions because they have layers .
Requirements have layers and I have to pull them off one layer at a time to get to the middle .
Then I know what to tell the programmers . ”
“ So the people you work with are like onions ? ”
“ I guess . ”
“ Do they stink ? ” Gotta love 8 year old humour .
“ That ’s a bit harsh . ”
“ Do they make you cry ? ”
“ Sometimes I come close .
Usually they make me want to scream . ”
“ So they really are like an ogre ?
They ’re scary ! ”
Sometimes they are very scary .
And I know I do n’t want to find one of them under my bed .
Elvis Presley affair : Ann -Margret knew King was ' FINALLY at peace ' in 1994
ELVIS PRESLEY infamously had an affair with actor Ann - Margret in 1964 during the filming of his hit film Viva Las Vegas .
Unfortunately for her , the King returned to his fiancé , Priscilla , and ...
Brutal , urgent , devastating — the documentary “ The Devil Came on Horseback ” demands to be seen as soon as possible and by as many viewers as possible .
An up - close , acutely painful call to action , the movie pivots on a young American , a former Marine captain named Brian Steidle , who for six months beginning in the fall of 2004 worked for the African Union as an unarmed monitor in Darfur .
What he saw in Darfur was unspeakable .
And then he returned home , his arms , heart and head filled with the images of the dead .
Image Mr. Steidle in Darfur . Credit ... International Film Circuit
You see a lot of those images in “ The Devil Came on Horseback , ” which , in brute form , serves as a catalog of human barbarism .
The title refers to the Arab militias known as the janjaweed , which , sponsored by Sudan ’s Arab government , have been instrumental in waging a campaign of violence and terror against the inhabitants of Darfur , many of them black .
At least 200,000 civilians have died , and millions have been displaced .
The atrocities — rape , torture , mutilation , murder — seem endless .
So too does Mr. Steidle ’s storehouse of graphic photographs and his documentation , which he took with him when he returned to the United States and began sharing with anyone who would pay attention , including Nicholas D. Kristof , a columnist for The New York Times , who wrote about him in a March 2 , 2005 , column titled “ The American Witness . ”
Directed by Annie Sundberg and Ricki Stern , “ The Devil Came on Horseback ” is a heartfelt account of what this particular American witness saw and , just as important , what he did afterward .
It ’s necessary , often agonizing viewing , but it ’s also something of a frustrating mess , marred by overly flashy , obtrusive editing and sloppy use of unattributed news sources .
Mr. Steidle is an intensely empathetic figure , but sunny images of him from his own childhood threaten to take the documentary perilously off course .
His humanity and humility are inspiring , transparent ; not once do you feel as if he ’s playing to the camera to show just how bad he feels .
He does n’t sell his pain , so there ’s no reason for the documentary to either .
Facebook
Copy to clipboard
Fire And Ice To Rain Down On HBO
PARIS — Europe ’s primary human rights body will vote on a proposal this week to defend the teaching of Darwinian evolution and keep creationist and intelligent design views out of science classes in state schools in its 47 member countries .
The unusual move shows that a U.S. trend for religiously based challenges to the theory of evolution is worrying European politicians , who now see such arguments put forward in their countries by Christian and Muslim groups .
A report for the Council of Europe ’s Parliamentary Assembly said the campaign against evolution has its roots “ in forms of religious extremism ” and is a dangerous attack on scientific knowledge .
“ Today , creationists of all faiths are trying to get their ideas accepted in Europe , ” it said .
“ If we are not careful , creationism could become a threat to human rights . ”
The council , based in the eastern French city of Strasbourg , oversees human rights standards in member states and enforces decisions of the European Court of Human Rights .
Creationism teaches that God created the world and all beings in it , as depicted in the Bible .
The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that teaching creationism in science class in public schools violates the separation of church and state .
Supporters of intelligent design , which holds that some life forms are too complex to have evolved , say it is a scientific theory that should be taught in school .
But a U.S. court also has rejected this argument and the council report dismisses it as “ neo-creationism . ”
The proposed resolution , to be put to a vote Tuesday , says member states should “ firmly oppose the teaching of creationism as a scientific discipline on an equal footing with the theory of evolution by natural selection . ”
“ The teaching of all phenomena concerning evolution as a fundamental scientific theory is therefore crucial to the future of our societies and our democracies , ” the resolution said .
The resolution would not be binding , but the debate and vote could serve as a barometer of pro-evolution thinking in Europe .
The report , drawn up by French Socialist Guy Lengagne for the Assembly ’s Committee on Culture , Science and Education , recommended that creationist ideas be discussed in nonscientific contexts , such as courses on culture or religious studies .
“ All leading representatives of the main monotheistic religions have adopted a much more moderate attitude , ” it added , noting that Pope Benedict XVI stated in a recent book that the Catholic Church did not share the creationists ’
Biblical literalism .
The report highlighted a recent Muslim creationist campaign by Turkish writer Harun Yahya , whose lavish 750 - page “ Atlas of Creation ” has been distributed free to schools in France , Switzerland , Belgium and Spain .
The report cited University of Paris biologist Herve Le Guyader , who called the challenge from Islamic thinkers “ much more dangerous than the previous creationist initiatives , which were often of Anglo - Saxon origin . ”
The report also cites small groups of creationists — mostly Christians — working in France , Switzerland and Britain , and notes that some officials have questioned the teaching of evolution in Poland , Italy , Serbia and the Netherlands .
Britain ’s Royal Society — the national academy of sciences — and Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams have spoken out against teaching creationism in English schools .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
« My passion is awesome , your passion is lame | Main |
The strangest , easiest way to lose weight »
The myth of " keeping up "
Do you have a stack of books , journals , manuals , articles , API docs , and blog printouts that you think you 'll get to ?
That you think you need to read ?
Now , based on past experience , what are the odds you 'll get to all of it ?
Half of it ?
Any of it ?
( except for maybe the Wired magazine )
So you let the stack of " things to read " pile up , then eventually when the pile gets to high you end up tossing half of it -- or worse , moving it to a deeper " stuff to read someday stack .
We have selective amnesia about what we 'll ever get to , but mainly because most of us keep feeling like we have to keep up !
Keep up with what ?
You can't keep up .
There is no way .
And trying to keep up will probably just make you dumber .
You can never be current on everything you think you should be .
You can't simultaneously be current on :
Technology
Current events
Pop culture
Professional practices
Health / fitness / diet trends
And on and on and on ...
Why do we pressure ourselves ?
Why do we constantly feel like we 're struggling to keep up , yet never succeeding ?
I remember when Java 1.02 came out ( the first public release ) , and it had 200 classes .
You could fit the entire class library in the same space as Miss January ( magazine centerfold ) .
But then 1.1 came out and the API more than doubled , to 500 classes .
It no longer fit on a centerfold , but you could get it on a wall poster .
With 200 classes , you really could master the entire API .
With 500 , it took some effort , but you could at least be familiar with just about everything , given enough time .
But then ... by Java 1.4 , the library had swelled to 2300 classes .
And today ?
It 's something like 3500 classes just in the Standard Edition ( not including the mobile and enterprise extensions ) .
You could wallpaper an entire room with the class library .
By the year 2000 , it had become impossible for even a Sun Java engineer -- someone creating the API -- to be familiar with everything in the standard library .
Yet the rest of us were feeling guilty .
Like we were falling behind .
Like we were n't hardcore Java programmers .
So ... it 's time to let that go .
You 're not keeping up .
I 'm not keeping up .
And neither is anyone else .
At least not in everything .
Sure , you 'll find the guy who is absolutely cutting - edge up to date on some technology , software upgrade , language beta , whatever .
But when you start feeling inferior about it , just think to yourself , " Yeah , but I bet he thinks Weezer is still a cool new band ... "
Besides letting go , what else can we do to combat Information Anxiety ?
I have just a few tips , but I 'm hoping you 'll add more :
Find the best aggregators
Aggregators become increasingly more important .
Finding the right person , business , web site , etc. who does the best job of filtering ( attenuating ) in a specific area adds time to your life .
Get summaries
Publisher Joe Wikert recently blogged quite positively about a service called getAbstract , that offers online book summaries .
Initially skeptical , Joe found getAbstract to be a tremendous time saver .
( I have n't checked it out , but I tend to trust Joe 's advice )
Cut the redundancy !
Do you really need three news magazines ?
Do you have to subscribe to every technical journal ?
Get with your friends or colleagues and divide up the main ones .
Each person is responsible for subscribing to and keeping up with just one , letting the others know IF there 's something in a particular issue worth a read .
Unsubscribe to as many things as possible
Like the previous point , you probably have way too much redunancy in both your printed and online subscriptions .
Again , if you 're using the right aggregators , they 'll tell you when something is worth it .
For print , you can save some trees if you give up more of your physical newspapers and magazines .
Recognize that gossip and celebrity entertainment are black holes
It 's like watching a car accident despite our best intentions ... we just can't help look , so the more you can stay away from the publications that document every personal detail of every music and film star the better .
Let that be your guilty pleasure for when you 're at the dentist 's office ...
Pick the categories you want for a balanced perspective , and include some from OUTSIDE your main field of interest
Better to have one design magazine ( architecture , product design , graphic design , etc. ) ( regardless of whether you 're a designer or not ) , one news magazine , one arts magazine ( music , photography , etc. ) , and one technology / lifestyle magazine ( Wired , Make , etc. ) than to get rid of everything but your three software development journals .
Keeping up with a different field is sometimes just as useful ( if not more ) than keeping up with your current one .
Be a LOT more realistic about what you 're likely to get to , and throw the rest out .
Do n't file it .
Do n't store it .
What you do n't have piling up you can't feel guilty about .
Some people put little height limits on their " to read " stack .
( OK , when it gets as high as that drawer , I must throw out the oldest 50 % ... )
In any thing you need to learn , find a person who can tell you what is :
* Need to know
* Should know
* Nice to know
* Edge case , only if it applies to you specifically
* Useless
Too many product manuals , tech docs , books , etc. include everything without necessarily giving you the " weighting " for how imporant each thing is .
Finally , are WE part of the problem ?
Are we overwhelming our users with documentation ?
Or are we part of the solution to their info anxiety ?
We 're the ones that should be helping our users really focus on the things they need at any stage .
While we all recognize that we are stressed for time and on info overload , we tend to think our users have all the time in the world to figure it all out ( RTFM ) .
There 's an opportunity for all of us to help our users ( or start a business around helping people reduce the info overload / pressure - to - keep - up stress most of us feel ) .
In the meantime , take a deep breath and repeat after me , " I will never keep up .
Keeping up is a myth . "
And if it makes you feel any better , add , " John is n't keeping up either . "
Once we let go of trying to be more - current - than - thou , we can spend more time on things that really matter .
Like learning to Ollie .
( And thanks to Miles Davies for the spectacular tip from an earlier post : " stop trying to ollie .
get zen on its ass ... be point b. " )
Posted by Kathy on April 29 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d8345c713c69e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference
The myth of " keeping up " :
» Keeping Up and " Just In Time " Learning from Coding Horror
Do you ever feel like you 're buried under umpteen zillion backlogged emails , feeds , books , articles , journals , magazines , and printouts ?
Do you ever feel that you 're hopelessly behind , with so much new stuff created every day that you can never ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 30 , 2006 1:21:25 AM
» The myth of keeping up from Brain Burps
Creating Passionate Users :
The myth of " keeping up " .
This post hit home for me I have a ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 6:59:41 AM
» The myth of " keeping up " from Paresh Suthar 's Radio Weblog
[ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 9:40:43 AM
» Information Ague from International Man of Transparency
It 's effectively in my job description to help provide people on this campus with more information than they could possibly need .
I like that idea , because I am a information junkie .
But , as Kathy Sierra reminds us , living in the information age has it [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 10:01:39 AM
» Keeping up keeping you down ?
from Lifehacker
There is so much information out there and so much to do everyday that it's a wonder people take in half of what they do .
Kathy Sierra has some great advice on the subject .
You can't keep up .
There is ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 2:00:08 PM
» The Art of Keeping Pace from Life is Work
I subscribe to about a dozen technology industry magazines , and over the years have developed a good system for keeping up to speed on the industries that I care about ( namely collaboration ) : when a magazine arrives , I quickly scan the [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 4:09:12 PM
» Making My Stack a Little Shorter from Meandering Passage
Eighteen months ago my wife and I moved .
The move was to a neighboring town that was closer to her work but further from mine .
Where
Id been commuting only five minutes at a slow drive Im now 50 minutes at a hard clip .
Good situation go ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 7:06:04 PM
» Why know it all when you wo n't use it all ?
from Andrew L. Van Slaars
[ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 7:06:28 PM
» żonglerka czasem po czasie ... from stic
Hej , Jak przystało na święto pracy spędziłem dzień na baaaardzo produktywnym lenistwie , podobnie też ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 8:15:44 PM
» Quit Trying to Keep Up from Legal Ease
In the midst of studying for exams , I have been huriedly trying to keep up with my RSS feeds , email , and other daily distractions .
I have been thinking that something must be amiss .
Thats when I ran into this great article on keeping up at Cre ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 8:34:35 PM
» Less Is More from Simply Life
Dont push yourself too hard , relax and read
The myth of keeping up .
p.s. Read it now , or not .
Dont put it into your To Read bin .
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 2 , 2006 2:41:18 AM
» Interesting Links 2006-05-02 from Greengray.org
The myth of keeping up .
Good thoughts on how to cut the fat from your information diet .
But most importantly , its about why its such a bad idea to compare your own productivity to that of several other people combined .
You ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 2 , 2006 10:37:02 AM
» I will never keep up .
Keeping up is a myth .
from Calibrated Vagueness
Kathy Sierra on keeping up with what you think you should be keeping up with :
You can't keep up .
There is no way .
And trying to keep up will probably just make you dumber .
You can never be current on everything you think you should be .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on May 2 , 2006 12:20:21 PM
» Keeping up from The Pragmatic Architect
Kathy Sierra has another excellent blog entry entitled
The myth of " keeping up " .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on May 3 , 2006 5:04:40 AM
» " Information Anxiety " and Keeping Up from Ideascape is social networks - innovation platform - collaboration
The myth of keeping up by Kathy Sierra from headrush .
Kathy offers her tips on keeping up with information anxiety .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on May 8 , 2006 6:48:54 AM
» Keeping Up from Business of Life
There is no possible way any of us can keep up ....
There 's just too much stuff .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on May 10 , 2006 6:48:32 AM
» Kathy Sierra Just Brought a Tear to My Eye from Your Life .
Organized .
Motivational Speaker
Did you ever have a dream where you 're running toward something , but you never get any closer ?
That 's what your life feels like many days , I 'll bet .
We all juggle every day , and struggle to keep up in our lives .
Some folks succeed and some are just pla ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 20 , 2006 9:37:49 PM
» Why know it all when you wo n't use it all ?
from Andrew L. Van Slaars
Why know it all when you wo n't use it all ?
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 1 , 2007 9:15:07 PM
Comments
I was reading about lean manufacturing recently - they care a lot about reducing places where inventory builds up , and they strongly advocate having material delivered just in time , instead of being bought / manufactured in advance and stored until you need it .
Applying this to my book - buying habits , my conclusion was that I should stop buying books unless I was sure I was going to read them within the nnext week , and that using something like Amazon Prime to enable this would actually make financial sense for me , let alone psychological sense ( as in the good points that you mention ) .
I 'm pretty dubious about the summary idea - I bet there are better ways to get concise information about interesting new ideas .
( Reading blogs , for example . )
But I have n't tried it , so maybe there 's something there ...
Posted by : David Carlton | Apr 29 , 2006 5:18:27 PM
Great post - thank you !
Blogger does n't support trackback ( grrr ) so I 've posted my reference here , along with an idea of my own for getting rid of the " to read " pile .
http://liminalworld.blogspot.com/2006/04/keeping-up.html
Posted by : Ingrid | Apr 29 , 2006 6:38:16 PM
Great points , Kathy .
I can't help but feel you somehow got a look at my nightstand ... the one that 's piled high with magazines and books !
The book summary program you mentioned from my earlier blog post , getAbstract , is going to be a huge time - saver for me going forward .
I 've already read about 8 or 9 summaries and feel I got the key points from each book .
I 'd also like to add my two cents in about Google News .
I 've got about a dozen different phrases I 've set up there for searches throughout the day .
I also find that I 'm adding / deleting those over the course of any given month .
It 's a great way to let Google automatically do the searching for you across any topic you can think of .
Posted by : Joe Wikert | Apr 29 , 2006 7:11:54 PM
Do n't worry about having an empty inbox .
So I might have a pile of books and I want to read them , but I do n't have any plans to when .
That 's okay .
Posted by : Jason Yip | Apr 29 , 2006 8:04:31 PM
I do have a stack of tech books I need to read , yet if they only had sub sections to each chapter outlining what you should know to continue on ( Just in time learning ) then when I have time I can come back to the other " In - Depth " section ..
Instead I need to go through each page plucking out the important elements .
I now focus on work related material which really narrows it down , yet I do come across people who " think " they are bleeding edge on every subject , then again , I dont consider the glow of my monitor screen to be my only source of " natural " light :) .
Posted by : Simon | Apr 29 , 2006 9:03:58 PM
Thank you for a great post , Kathy .
This problem is one that most people face and is made worst in business by free trade publications .
Publishers of these " rags " make their money off circulation and advertisment .
They then strongly push their magazine or newsletter into as many peoples piles as possible .
I get four or five of these each week at work and can't seem to stop delivery .
I usually scan the covers and then toss them .
Posted by : Earl Moore | Apr 29 , 2006 9:24:40 PM
it took me 6 months to learn how to ollie .
after around 4 yrs of skating , on and off , i learned how to kick - flip , fakie kick - flip , shuvit , hardflip , shuv-it body 180 , frontside and backside 180 and etc .... all of them not too well .
If only i concentrated on ollieing well ... Being able to execute flawless ollies and doing them real high would have been much better .
Trying to keep up is cool but being able to take a basic technique / technology and exploit it is invaluable
Posted by : aaron | Apr 29 , 2006 9:41:00 PM
Earl - they make great mess catchers if you have young kids who like to paint , or if you enjoy a good barbecue , scrunch a few up to make kindling .
Rolled up , they 're pretty useful when a wasp flies into the bathroom while you 're sat down .
They 'd make great ballast if you flew hot air balloons .
Many uses ! :-)
I tend to have 2 books on the go at any one time - one to take to work and read at lunchtime and in the secure room when I 'm waiting for a particularly long grep or sql query to deliver its results , and one at home to leave in the bathroom for when I 'm sitting on the throne .
Even if they only get read in tiny bite - sized bits , they 'll get read eventually .
If I can get a book as an audiobook or mp3 , even better - that goes on my iPod for my drive to & from work .
Posted by : Matt Moran | Apr 30 , 2006 12:52:10 AM
a great way to increase free time is to not read blogs by internet know - it - alls who tell people how to write web applications when they 've never debugged a line of code in their lives .
or blogs by some unknown person who apparently has discovered the holy grail of programming , and apparently everything you use now sucks .
Posted by : bleargh | Apr 30 , 2006 1:26:01 AM
Hi ,
in your article you talk about :
Things you Need to know , Should know , Nice to know ,
Edge case , only if it applies to you specifically
Useless .
What would you consider to be important in each category ?
I mean not only in your professional career , but in life itself ?
Posted by : polarfox | Apr 30 , 2006 3:04:38 AM
Great post Kathy .
You have put words to my thoughts .
Actually , I 've been reading magazines that were piling up at home since 2005 :)
This is an issue that has been bugging me for some time now .
I 've always been the kind of person who likes being informed about many different issues : technology , politics , music , entertainment , sport , games ... you name it .
When I was younger and had no access to a lot of that information ( I live in a small city outside of the US ) I felt left out , and had hopes for a time when access to that information would be easy .
Well , that time has arrived , and now I have access to more information than I ever wished I had .
And it 's overwhelming !
I just can't keep up .
It 's very frustrating , especially when you see that many people seem to be able to handle the great deal of information we 're exposed to these days .
When I read bloggers that work in many different projects , master dozens of programming languages , actually have time to blog and have a life ...
Of course , I now they 're smarter and better organized than I am , but still ...
I mean , sometimes I spend a couple of hours every evening just reading blog posts , news and articles .
And it 's not like I spend a great deal of time reading every one of them .
And besides , appart from trying to keep up , I 'd like to add that one still wants to have a life , go to the movies , see live bands , do sports , enjoy some time with friends and family ...
As Kathy says , I guess the only answer is admitting there is no way to keep up .
But it 's a hard thing to do , I 'm afraid .
I genuinely want to do all those things !
Posted by : Aitor Imaz | Apr 30 , 2006 3:37:42 AM
That 's me !
That 's me !!
Posted by : kevin rutherford | Apr 30 , 2006 3:41:22 AM
I 'll just quote a relevant part of an article I wrote ( click on my name for the full version ) :
" There is so much we can learn that becomes useless in the mid- to long - term .
It 's often surprising how important things soon become dated .
Generally yesterday 's news does n't matter today .
" By realising this and purposely staying a step behind with most things , we can often find ourselves several steps ahead on the important things . "
Posted by : Alan Pritt | Apr 30 , 2006 6:13:44 AM
I am constantly bombarding my partner with interesting emails and conversational tidbits .
Every few weeks he says , " Really ...
I CAN'T read them all .
I can't even THINK about them all .
Do you have any idea how many tech manuals I have to read ...? "
We now have a workaround : I send him interesting emails with a 1 - paragraph ( at most ) synopsis , maybe some quotes , and a link .
If he 's interested ( or has time ) , he 's click the link .
Unfortunately , my interest level is FAR more widespread than his : he rarely clicks the link .
Someone once asked him , " What RSS feeds do you read ? "
To which he answered , " My girlfriend is my RSS feed .
I do n't need others anymore " .
Posted by : Lauren Muney | Apr 30 , 2006 8:39:29 AM
Who says I 'm not keeping up ?
Posted by : john | Apr 30 , 2006 9:41:06 AM
Hmm ... that stack on the left at the top of the article certainly looks like my nightstand .
My book pile is at 18 , but I will get through all of them just because I have been a lifelong book junkie .
I do n't worry about keeping up .
I read for pleasure and technical knowledge .
I have to admit that RSS feeds and blogs are certainly a time sink , but then again they have a certain entertainment value as well .
Posted by : Mike Drips | Apr 30 , 2006 9:56:48 AM
The funniest thing is , I 've kept this post open in a tab in Firefox for three days now , saying to myself " I must get round to reading that ... " .
Glad I did though !
Posted by : Steph Gray | Apr 30 , 2006 10:19:34 AM
Nice work Kathy .
This is a real issue for a lot of people .
Their productivity suffers because " keeping up " robs them of their focus on the important priorities .
Oh , did I say " a lot of people " .
I meant me . ; )
Here 's a couple things I 've done to break the habit .
And the habit is easy to feed these days with so much media available over the wire .
So , primarily these tips apply to the digital space :
I use a digital timer on my desktop to limit my morning email and reading / bookmarking of RSS feeds and News to 30 minutes .
When that timer ticks off zero , I 'm done .
Many software timers are available as freeware / shareware .
I use XNote Stopwatch .
When I tag ( Del.icio.us ) an article that looks worth my time I use " toread " and a priority tag .
For example " priority1 " , " priority2 " , etc ...
Then in my Del.icio.us inbox I create subscriptions with the tags " toread+priority1 " , etc ...
After a few months of tagging this way , I discovered what I really wanted to read and what I did n't .
I stopped tagging those topics that sat in box inbox collecting virtual lint .
This last one helps keep the pile pruned and again provides insight into what reading / viewing / listening I think is important when I discover it and what I actually do with it after it finds a home on my hard drive .
Saved searched is the key .
You can do this with Windows Search , Copernic 2 Beta , Google Desktop , etc .
I created a saved search for the following :
1. All Media ( mpg , avi , wmv , mp3 , mp4 , mov , jpg ) Last 7 Days
2. All Proposed Reading ( pdf , doc , txt , html ) Last 7 Days
3. All Files , for example downloaded programs .
( zip , exe , etc ) Last 7 Days
Then every 7 days , I review what each search turns up and decide what 's worth keeping that I have n't gotten to yet .
Sure , with today 's huge hard drives I could keep everything .
But this is about the psychological factors you write about , not gigabytes .
Works for me .
Cheers .
Posted by : Randy | Apr 30 , 2006 11:01:51 AM
My personal filters for technology publications are :
1 . Is this ( magazine|article|book ) likely to be useful to me in the next 60 days ?
If not , then I ask :
2 . Is it likely to be useful to my company in the next six months ?
If so , I bookmark it in delicious and / or put it in my someday / maybe list e.g. :
todo.someday : implement wicked cool Ajaxy foo widget on the bar subsystem ; learn how at [ url or info where I can find it ]
I still have to many back issues of the New Yorker on my nightstand , but at least I do n't have tech anxiety . :)
Also , I just remembered that I set a goal this week to not comment on any blog posts ( another time sink ) , so I swear this is the last one , dammit ! :)
Posted by : Derek Scruggs | Apr 30 , 2006 11:30:22 AM
Thanks a lot for this article .
So often I go to sleep with a very big anxiety that Im not learning enough , fast enough or broad enough .
I sometimes try to realisticaly rationalize to myself that it is n't possible , but on the web it looks as though everyone knows everything there is to know about Ajax , CSS , Design , Business , Ruby , Women , etc .
It 's great to hear I 'm not the only one and really appreciate this post .
Cheers
Posted by : Danny Halarewich | Apr 30 , 2006 11:58:40 AM
you were pointing to an increasing problem of our time .
and the more we go , the more the facilites are allowing us to consume , or , at least think we are consuming more data , more experience with out needing to leave our desk ... the anxiety leads to more consumption ?
and is n't blog - this extraordinary phenomena demonstrate it the most ?
i was reading your tips , for I 'm totally addicted while the pile of texts , book , copies of articles , keeps on getting higher and messier a i speak ...
an intelligent system will have to be created ( using algorithmic intelligent as well as human aid such as Aggregators for helping us cope with this over flow - for i do n't see us human - curious creatures as we are , getting off this addiction )
but thanks for the interesting practical insights :)
Posted by : moon | Apr 30 , 2006 12:21:10 PM
Given that the world of work is moving towards ad - hoc teams getting together for a project and trying to be more than the sum of their parts , " do I know enough ? " could be the wrong thing to be worried about .
The questions to ask might be more like :
Am I able to contribute what I do know to a team ?
Am I able to synthesise someone else 's point of view with my own ?
Do I have the social skills to bring my knowledge to bear or do I just withdraw and try to do my own thing ?
If I 'm in a team that ends up being less than the sum of its parts , how much of that is my fault and what can I do about it ?
Posted by : in a blur | Apr 30 , 2006 12:31:49 PM
Just thinking it is helpful for some of us ...
I 'm using a great blog aggregator called blogbridge .
Posted by : David Castañeda | Apr 30 , 2006 2:14:40 PM
I read in another blog post once how many of the greatest works of literature were created before the internet was even envisioned .
I think that 's important to remember in our day and age , in which we are experiencing a virtual deluge of information which overwhelms any capacity we have to assimilate so much .
I can do better myself at remembering to be more patient and realistic , and I will .
Still , articles like this one are necessary reminders .
One other thing I try to remember is something that I learned from D&D and which I believe applies to real - life .
I think that everyone has the same number of character creation points as everyone else .
Maybe it 's 100 points -- which can be divied up between all of our various qualities , talents , etc .
Thus , someone who is extraordinarily good looking will almost certainly lack in other areas .
In my experience it is impossible to have someone who is EVERYTHING all at once : beautiful / handsome , brilliant , kind , loyal , hardworking ...etc .
It does n't happen .
That concept can be extended to include the illusion of know - it - alls .
The reality is that if someone seems to know everything about all the bleeding - edge stuff we'd all like to know , then they must 've had to give up other things for that knowledge -- if not from a function of mortality and finiteness , then certainly from an inherent limitation imposed on us by time .
Thanks for the outstanding article !
p.s. The above comments were also excellent so I 'm grateful for them as well .
Posted by : Abe Burnett | Apr 30 , 2006 2:50:24 PM
Kathy , I have just gone to my " Newsletter " folder in Outlook and unsubscribed from more than 50 % of them .
You are right on the money and as a marketer it brings home to me how overloaded with information many of us already are .
Even with " permission " marketing it is going to be a challenge to get through to many information workers .
Posted by : David Koopmans | Apr 30 , 2006 4:07:35 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Because potentially fatal accidents often occur when trained medical help is elsewhere , members of the general public have taken it upon themselves to learn CPR , a life - saving technique that is a combination of rescue breathing , which provides oxygen to the victim ’s lungs , and chest compressions , which keep oxygenated blood circulating until an effective heartbeat and breathing can be restored .
One of the tools that has helped many of them to master the requisite skills is the CPR dummy , a full - body or head - and - torso mannequin used for practicing the CPR routine .
Some people have raised questions about the history behind that mannequin :
I have just completed my recertification for a CPR class had again heard the story of how “ Annie ” the CPR doll came to be .
I was wondering if the legend is true or not .
As the story goes ..
A Swedish doctor ’s 16 yr old daughter drowned in an ice covered pond behind his house .
When they got to her they did not do CPR on her because the paramedics did not have the training .
When the DR asked why they did not do CPR it was explained that the only way to train CPR was on a cadaver — so the good DR then made “ Annie ” to help train others on CPR .
“ Annie ” and the male version “ Andy ” were made to look like his daughter at 16 , blond hair , short and named after her “ Annie ” as a tribute to her .
While there are many CPR dummies or mannequins on the market , the face of the one most widely used was modeled on that of an anonymous young woman whose body was fished from the Seine around the turn of the 20th century .
It was believed she had taken her own life , but since she was never identified , no details of her life were known and the events leading to her demise remain a mystery .
The unknown girl was entered in the books at the Paris morgue as “ ecadavre feminin inconnu ” ( unknown female cadaver ) before her remains were disposed of in an unmarked pauper ’s grave .
A death mask was made of her features , but it is unclear if this was done in furtherance of attempts to establish her identity or because an unnamed morgue attendant was so taken by her visage that he took it upon himself to craft a memento of her beauty .
( It is not true that death masks were routinely made of all decedents who graced the Paris morgue with their presence .
Instead , beginning in 1881 , the bodies of up to fourteen unknown persons would be laid out in a chilled room fronted by a plate glass window before which an endless train of the curious would pass , in hopes that some of the passersby would recognize some of the morgue ’s unidentified guests .
Unknown Paris , a volume of engravings from 1893 about the city ’s less savory landmarks , said of it : “ There is not a single window in Paris that attracts more onlookers than this . ” )
The death mask of the girl who came to be known as “ L’Inconnue de la Seine ” made it out of the morgue by unknown means and into the souvenir shops .
Its serene beauty , displaying a calm repose the real girl had perhaps not known in life , spoke to people .
The mask took on a life of its own , becoming a “ must have ” objet d’art , and several factories were engaged at once to produce it in vast numbers .
In the mid-1950s , Dr. Peter Safar , a pioneer in emergency medicine , developed a method of mouth - to - mouth resuscitation combined with chest compression ; in 1958 he presented a paper on this technique in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Safar believed his methods could be employed by those outside the medical field to save lives , provided these laypeople were given adequate training in his techniques .
To more effectively teach this procedure to them , he envisioned having a life - sized doll that novices to cardiopulmonary resuscitation could practice on , and so he approached toymaker Asmund Laerdal with the idea of developing a realistic mannequin for CPR training .
Laerdal took up the challenge .
The face Laerdal used for his training dummy was that of “ L’ Inconnue de la Seine , ” the by - then well - traveled death mask of an unknown Parisian girl .
The modern CPR dummy was built in 1960 and sold under the name “ Resusci Anne . ”
In North America she has been christened “ CPR Annie . ”
Many a student of basic CPR has been taught to check if a patient is unconscious by gently shaking the doll and calling , “ Annie , Annie , are you OK ? ”
From the kids section of the Creation Evidence Museum site .
You know , just in case that Ricky Gervais humor was too sophisticated for your inner 14 - year - old .
Not that there is n't a theological argument to be made ...
Posted by Daniel Radosh
Social Network Portability
Social network portability is one of several User Interface ideas and suggestions for working with microformats in the area of data - portability .
The Problem
Why is it that every single social network community site makes you :
re -enter all your personal profile info ( name , email , birthday , URL etc. ) ?
re -add all your friends ?
In addition , why do you have to :
AKA " social network fatigue problem " and " social network update / maintenance problem " .
The Goals
When you join a new site , you should be able to import or preferably subscribe to
your profile information
your social network
from any existing profile of yours .
In addition it would be nice if preferences around :
notifications
privacy
also transferred between profiles .
AKA a social internetwork , a network of social networks .
Design Patterns and Recipes
The " How To " for social network profile sites that want to solve the above problems and achieve the above goals .
Resources
Groups
Ma.gnolia Portable Social Networks group for aggregated bookmarks around the subject and join the group to share links .
Upcoming Social Network Portability group for events to discuss and implement social network portability .
Open Source
User Interfaces
" Social Network Portability with Microformats " - a user interface that lets you check how portable your social network is across various sites .
" ufXtract - Portable social network profile parser " - A public API which can extract both hCard - XFN patterns and XFN rel=me links from social networks .
The API can spider multiple pages following rel=me links .
It also tries to find the representative hCard and provides output as JSON or XML .
Social Network Portability FAQ
See social - network - portability - faq .
Events
See the microformats Microformats events page for upcoming events related to social network portability .
Articles and blog posts
Note : if you know of or can find earlier mentions on the web of the phrases " portable social network " or " social network portability " , please add the earliest reference elsewhere on the web to this chronology .
Tantek 08:25 , 22 Aug 2007 ( PDT ) .
If you can't see my friends and let my friends be seen , you 'll be washed up and hung out to dry .
See ma.gnolia Portable Social Network Group for aggregated bookmarks around the subject and join the group to share links .
View blog reactions to this page .
Issues
Beware of and avoid Social Network Anti-patterns !
See and add to social - network - portability - issues .
Alternative Approaches
Non-web based :
psyc and psyced , a decentralized multi-protocol chat and event notification system with friendship and trust modeling .
The world 's largest dinosaur skeleton went on display this week at Berlin 's renovated natural history museum .
The giant Brachiosaurus first went on display in 1937 after being unearthed by German paleontologists in Africa , The Independent noted on Saturday .
It 's now on display with the skeleton of an Archaeopteryx -- which is said to be 150 million years old -- along with five other dinosaurs ' remains .
The exhibit , titled " Evolution in Action , " marks the first stage of the renovation of the building , which had been in serious decay since being bombed during World War II .
Also in the Berlin museum 's collection are 130,000 bird specimens , which include some 50 nearly extinct examples that were collected in Hawaii by Captain Cook .
the museum also houses the world 's largest collection of beetles .
Most of the museum 's collection is stored in upstairs rooms and has n't been touched since the era of Germany 's last Kaiser , the newspaper said .
Copyright 2007 by United Press International
Explore further T - rex skeleton could fetch record price at New York auction
Rumsfeld changes course , will testify in Wednesday hearing on Tillman death
Michael Roston
Published : Tuesday July 31 , 2007
Print This Email This
RAW STORY has learned that the former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld will testify at a Wednesday hearing on the friendly fire death of Army Specialist and former NFL player Pat Tillman .
" In a late breaking development , Secretary Rumsfeld will appear before the Oversight Committee tomorrow , " stated a release from the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
The release was confirmed by the Oversight Committee 's Republican staff .
Earlier , RAW STORY reported that Rumsfeld had " a conflict , " and had submitted answers to questions for the record .
No explanation was available at press time for Rumsfeld 's change of heart .
Top Los Angeles International Airport officials Monday publicly questioned whether the Federal Aviation Administration was adequately maintaining its air traffic control equipment after a key landing system malfunctioned , the fourth mishap in less than a month .
“ Enough is enough , ” said Frank Clark , executive director of the nonprofit organization that represents airlines operating at the Tom Bradley International Terminal .
“ The frequency of these within a relatively short interval does create a cause for concern and leads us to wonder if there is n’t something more systemic going on with maintenance and age of equipment . ”
The latest breakdown occurred Monday morning with the Instrument Landing System , the same equipment on the airport ’s south airfield that malfunctioned a week ago .
The system shut down for about 40 minutes , slowing air traffic into LAX .
To the dismay of LAX officials , the FAA still has n’t determined why the Instrument Landing System went down last week .
Advertisement
“ This is clearly a systemic problem with the equipment , ” said Lydia Kennard , executive director of Los Angeles World Airports , the city agency that operates LAX .
“ We believe there ’s something fundamentally wrong with the equipment .
It has to be fixed or replaced . ”
The dissent marks a shift in tone by airport officials , who until now have been largely circumspect about the problems .
The repeated problems also are prompting inquiries from outside the airport : Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif . ) plans to ask for an explanation of the system mishaps when she is at LAX on Thursday for a briefing on new security procedures , said Natalie Ravitz , the senator ’s communications director .
FAA spokesman Ian Gregor maintained Monday that the landing systems were sound and that the recent equipment outages were unrelated .
Advertisement
The summer of turbulence involving LAX started when controllers at a Palmdale center that handles high - altitude flights completely lost communication with pilots for several minutes on July 18 after a backup power system inexplicably went down .
FAA investigators are still trying to determine what caused the outage , which affected airports throughout Southern California .
Controllers have used the backup power system several times since the outage without a problem , Gregor said , as a precaution when there was high demand on the main power grid .
On July 26 , a system designed to alert controllers at the LAX tower to potential collisions on the ground was partially disabled minutes before a turboprop plane narrowly missed a regional jet that had strayed onto its runway .
On Aug. 7 , a system on LAX ’s southern airfield that helps pilots land on foggy days was out for 3 1/ 2 hours , delaying dozens of flights for more than 90 minutes .
Advertisement
On Monday morning at 10 a.m. the same equipment went down .
Technicians reset the equipment by 10:40 a.m. , but the outage delayed arrivals for up to 45 minutes for part of the morning .
Aviation experts said it was not unheard of for a single air traffic system to go down several times at the same facility .
But the situation at LAX -- with three different systems at different locations failing within a few weeks -- is another matter , they said .
“ Having three things fail in three different locations is pretty unusual , ” said Richard Marchi , senior advisor for policy and regulatory affairs at Airports Council International , a trade group .
Advertisement
The city operates LAX and the FAA manages controllers in the LAX tower who direct air traffic .
The FAA operates numerous air traffic control systems in the tower and on the airfield and has regulatory oversight over airport operations .
The agencies typically have cordial relations and are loathe to criticize one another publicly .
Chief pilots for the airlines that operate at LAX plan to discuss the FAA equipment outages at an annual meeting in the coming weeks , Clark said .
The FAA is still struggling to figure out why the mishaps keep occurring , and is unsure if Monday ’s incident is related to the Aug. 7 outage .
“ As far as I know , they never determined a concrete reason why it went down last week , ” the FAA ’s Gregor said .
Advertisement
Last week ’s outage was prolonged because the technician who was needed to manually reset the system was not on site .
FAA officials had hoped that by stationing a technician there , problems would be prevented .
Though a technician was at the airport Monday , the system again malfunctioned .
When the landing system shut down Monday , it cut the number of aircraft that could arrive at LAX per hour from about 65 to 46 , Gregor said , and forced controllers to shift arrivals to the north runways for about 45 minutes .
The malfunction was n’t as severe as the one that occurred last week , because it came after the busy morning rush and after the fog had dissipated .
Advertisement
Like last week ’s outage , the landing system shut itself down after something interrupted its signal , which sends radio beams to the cockpit to tell pilots where they are in relation to the airport ’s runway .
“ It ’s a fail - safe mechanism , ” Gregor said .
“ It ’s better to shut it down than to give erroneous information to pilots . ”
The landing system is 9 years old and is typically reliable , he said .
For example , the equipment flickered and went out but was quickly reset several times on the weekend of Aug. 5 - 6 .
The union that represents LAX ’s air traffic controllers has questioned whether the system ’s age contributed to the outages .
Advertisement
Airport officials emphasized that construction on the airport ’s south side , which includes the closure of the southernmost runway so workers can move it 55 feet closer to El Segundo , caused neither outage .
Hundreds of trucks ply the airfield each day just yards from the runway where the landing system is .
“ There ’s no linkage at all between this and the runway project , ” said Paul Haney , deputy executive director of airports and security for the city ’s airport agency .
“ They ran tests after the one last week and it was clear . ”
The landing system malfunction and subsequent delays came on top of security procedures implemented after last week ’s arrest in Britain of suspects who allegedly planned to blow up airliners over the Atlantic Ocean with liquid explosives .
Advertisement
Security checkpoints at LAX were running smoothly Monday , officials said , with few delays attributable to the ban on liquids in carry - on luggage .
LAX is experiencing its busiest summer since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Planes are running close to 100 % full , leaving little room to reaccommodate passengers who miss their flights due to delays .
When officials shut down the southernmost runway for construction July 29 , controllers said they could keep delays to a minimum as long as all three remaining runways were operating .
Advertisement
Now , the malfunctioning landing system has forced them to work with only two runways twice in one week , just days after the runway was shut down until March .
“ We need all three runways functioning 24/7 , ” Haney said .
*
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
System Breakdowns at L.A. International
Q&A ;
Three FAA air traffic control systems malfunctioned in Southern California in the last month .
Here ’s a rundown of what the systems do and how they failed .
July 18 : A surge protection system designed to protect backup generators from power spikes failed at an FAA communications center in Palmdale .
The facility that directs high - altitude traffic lost power for two hours and controllers briefly were unable to see or talk with pilots .
Advertisement
July 26 : The aural alarm on ground radar equipment designed to alert controllers in the LAX tower to potential collisions was shut off after the system put out a false alert , minutes before a turboprop narrowly missed a regional jet that had strayed too close to its runway .
Controllers could still see airplanes on the screen .
Aug. 7 : An instrument landing system on LAX ’s south airfield that sends radio beams into cockpits to help pilots orient themselves to the runway shut itself off after the signal was interrupted .
FAA officials do n’t know what caused the malfunction .
Flights were delayed for the rest of the day .
Monday :
The instrument landing system failed for a second time .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
MSNBC.com reported yesterday that Michael Vick ’s dogfighting case is dividing African American leaders into two camps — one that criticizes the quarterback ’s cruelty to animals , and another whose members think his persecution is driven by a racist agenda .
Supposedly leading the latter is the Reverend Al Sharpton , who the news group quotes at length .
The problem , as Gawker and National Review Online have noted , is that not one word of the attribution came out of Sharpton ’s mouth .
To the contrary , it came from News Groper [ full disclosure : the associate editor was a fact - checker — can you feel the irony ? — for Mother Jones ] , a website made up entirely of satirical celebrity blog entries .
Sharpton can be pretty dramatic sometimes , but it ’s surprising that reporter Alex Johnson was n’t given any pause by the absurdity of the “ quote ” :
“ If the police caught Brett Favre ( a white quarterback for the Green Bay Packers ) running a dolphin - fighting ring out of his pool , where dolphins with spears attached to their foreheads fought each other , would they bust him ?
Of course not , ” Sharpton wrote Tuesday on his personal blog .
“ They would get his autograph , commend him on his tightly spiraled forward passes , then bet on one of his dolphins . ”
MSNBC got hip to the error and , rather than apologize to its readers for astoundingly sloppy reporting , posted in a correction that it “ has determined that the blog is a hoax . ”
The correction does n’t mention what tipped the news organization ’s meticulous fact - checkers off : News Groper ‘s logo , which is a hand moving toward two globes that look like giant balls , or maybe breasts ; Al Sharpton sharing a blog site with Lindsay Lohan , George Bush , and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ; or the words “ fake parody blogs ” in the title bar of every page .
The Pirate Bay site says it plans to be up again shortly
Police said the site was taken offline after it was overloaded by net data .
The attack came a day after the police raided several locations linked to a website accused of directing users to pirated films , music and software .
The PirateBay.org had described itself as the largest search index for BitTorrent , a system used for sharing large files over the internet .
The entertainment industry welcomed the action against a site it argued was a major source of music and film piracy .
Raids and arrests
Swedish police are investigating the so - called denial of service attack against the website of the national police .
Such attacks are designed to overload a server by bombarding it with data .
It is not clear whether the attack is linked to the police action against The Pirate Bay .
On Wednesday , officers raided 10 locations across the country , confiscating the computers and detaining three men suspected of violating copyright laws .
The three have since been released , but a spokesman said they could still face charges .
Legal questions
The people behind The Pirate Bay argued they were not breaking the law .
They maintain that the site 's function was to direct users towards the files that they search for and manage the uploads and downloads .
The website itself did not hold any copyright files .
The legality of the website has not been tested in Swedish courts .
The site has been offline since Wednesday , with a statement on its homepage saying that it planned to be up and running again within a few days .
The Pirate Bay became a dominant player in tracking BitTorrent files when another search index , SuprNova.org , met its demise in late 2004 .
SuprNova.org , shut down after a relentless campaign by the entertainment industry to close its operations .
×
New look .
Same great content .
LandmarkCases.org got a makeover !
As part of this update , you must now use a Street Law Store account to access hundreds of resources and Supreme Court case summaries .
Sign up for an account today ; it 's free and easy !
All accounts for the previous LandmarkCases.org site have been taken out of service .
We apologize for any inconvenience , but hope that having only one Street Law account to remember will make your life easier .
You can reach us at landmarkcases@streetlaw.org with any questions .
NY Times : " Ramen noodles are a dish of effortless purity . "
The company also changed its name , it 's now just " Apple , Inc . "
Playing Beatles music during the show indicates they have their approval ?
Will Beatles songs be on iTunes ?
Greenspun : " What I want is a phone that wo n't make calls from inside my pocket . "
Gizmodo reports that Apple also ( quietly ) announced ( but did n't ship ) a new Pre -N wireless router .
PS : Thanks to the Gawker guys who snuck me a bogus pass to the Showstoppers event last night , where I shot Renee blowing kisses ( one more time ) .
Bouncers who do n't recognize the self - proclaimed co-inventor of RSS should be hung from the nearest tree .
In the meantime it 's good to have friends watching your back .
Paul Andrews says I should be in San Francisco instead of Las Vegas .
I am .
I quietly returned to the Bay Area this morning .
I 'm going to dinner with a bunch of friends in the city this evening and should have a lot more data on what Apple announced .
And while I am of course interested in the phone ( like everyone else ) I expect I 'll be able to shed more light on the TV box .
( Do n't expect me to gush , I think it 's the wrong way to go , and not because of its resolution . )
Michael Gartenberg fills in an important blank about the iPhone -- it 's a closed box ?
Really .
How could that be since it runs Mac OS and wifi and it's a phone for crying out loud .
Confused and disappointed .
BTW , we still need an iPod that can have its personality enhanced by developers .
Engadget report on Apple 's phone .
But of course it 's also a Mac , which is what makes it interesting .
AP has a lot more details .
Lance Knobel on the opening of Davos .
Fascinating report on the internal view of developers at Microsoft , circa 1996 .
I knew James Plamondon , he was one of the good guys , relatively speaking .
I overheard a worse conversation on a bus at Microsoft in the same period , and wrote it up in a DaveNet story .
Of course this did n't win me many friends at Microsoft , but it cemented my relationship with the few people who worked there then who really wanted to do great stuff , which imho , we went on to do .
Today , the bad people at Microsoft won , bigtime , leaving them as mediocre as any tech company you can think of .
Apple , a much smaller company , is completely , utterly , kicking their ass .
Which would be even more gratifying if Apple had a culture of supporting , even celebrating developers .
Strange Macintosh feature I 'm typing this post from the Las Vegas airport where they have free wifi that performs pretty well .
All you have to do is enter your email address in a form .
I said I was dork@mcdork.org .
That 's the good news .
Now here 's the strange news .
I happened to have iTunes open , and in the left panel I noticed a new list named " Shared " and under that , the libraries of four nearby people , not sure whether they 're running iTunes or what , but it looks like I 'm supposed to be able to access their music , but I can't .
Here 's a screen shot .
Explanation : I missed a few Jobs keynotes before I switched to the Mac late in 2005 .
Microsoft used to be smarter
Used to be when Microsoft wanted to take a market from a successful competitor , they started by seducing their users with something comfortable , a product that worked just like the competitor's , and was better in some major way .
My first experience with that was with the IBM PC in the early 80s .
I was a developer for the Apple II and III , and was very familiar with the limits of these machines .
The Apple II was the juggernaut , it was the machine that ran Visicalc , but it was limited by CPU , screen , memory and disk ; and the Apple III , which corrected those limits , was unreliable , and incompatible with the Apple II .
Enter Microsoft , with its partner IBM and their PC .
A big blank machine .
More than 10 times the memory .
Blazing fast .
But a very similar architecture to the Apple II .
It took less than a month to port my software .
For users , the switch was even faster .
And once we switched , we never looked back .
Apple was stuck , IBM and Microsoft was the way out of their mess , for users and developers .
One more example .
When IE came on the market , it worked keystroke for keystroke the same as Netscape .
You could switch in a couple of hours .
And it was faster , prettier , just nicer in every way .
Even though it was the dreaded monopoly slaying the smart but arrogant upstart , IE had enough for users that you actually felt good about using it .
Finally someone cared about users .
Netscape , which had forgotten about the browser , obviously did n't .
On Sunday , after waiting for hours to hear Bill Gates talk , I sat through the first half hour of the talk , and was amazed that they had nothing new to offer users .
Just more empty words about how great Vista was .
Gates even said we should care how much time and money they put into it .
Why ?
I had left them between XP and Vista because they left their users to fend for themselves against all kinds of malware .
I walked out after they put up a slide showing their mediocre line of Windows cell phones , with a parenthetical afterthought in the title .
" Outsells Blackberry . " I am a Blackberry user .
In the old days , when Microsoft was smarter , they would have embraced Blackberry users .
There would be something special in the connection between the Blackberry and Vista , that made Vista irresistable to a Blackberry user .
Today 's Microsoft can only offer that , when added together , all the different Windows cell phones sell more .
But are their users happier ?
We love our Blackberries , the same way we loved Apple and Netscape , before they sold us something better .
Today 's Microsoft does n't seduce .
The old one did .
Zune is another perfect example .
It seems that as an iPod user , I should be able to pick up a Zune and begin to use it .
Not so .
Yesterday I had my first chance to try one .
The controls do n't work .
How should I hold the thing ?
Sometimes the display is horizontal , and other times , it switches to vertical .
I do n't seem to have any control over this .
The scroll wheel , which is shaped exactly like the one on the iPod , does n't scroll .
It 's as if the PageDown key on the IBM PC did n't do more or less the same thing as the one on the Apple II .
As if the Back button in IE did n't do the same thing as the Back button in Netscape .
The scroll wheel is that central to the use of the iPod .
Will Microsoft be able to fix the broken controls on the Zune ?
Not without breaking their users .
They 've painted themselves into a corner , there 's no way to win .
The iPod people at Apple must be laughing .
Microsoft could have easily found way to embrace and extend , the old Microsoft surely would have .
Later ...
Continuing the story -- Microsoft is behaving now like their foes of the 80s and 90s .
Consider that when Apple asked Microsoft to make Mac software , they did n't say " We 're coming out with something better called Windows , and rather than support a competitive platform , we 'll focus all our effort on Windows so we can make sure the Mac is weak , so we can win . "
Instead , they went gung - ho into the Mac , won the spreadsheet market with Excel , and Lotus was stuck with the character - based PC market .
Then , in the late 80s , when IBM split with Microsoft , and was planning to erase Windows with their OS / 2 Presentation Manager , the same Lotus decided not to develop a spreadsheet for Windows , instead they focused all their effort on the Presentation Manager , so they could make sure WIndows was weak , so they could win .
It backfired , Windows won , and Lotus is now a forgotten division of IBM and their chief architect is now Microsoft 's chief architect .
Moral of the story :
If you 're big , or aspire to be big , cover all the bets you can , and never assume your lack of support will hurt your competitor .
Get in bed with the guy whose lunch you want to eat .
Transcript :
Tom the Dancing Bug by Ruben Bolling Presents : News of the Times U.S. Recalls Thousands of Bombs Found Harmful to Iraqi and Afghan Children The Department of Defense announced a RECALL of many of its BOMBS after finding DEFECTS that could make them potentially HARMFUL TO CHILDREN .
Man :
We do n't want to alarm anyone , but until this is sorted out , we advise Iraqi and Afghan parents to keep kids away from falling U.S. bombs .
Man :
If this bomb were to be used in an air strike on a village and , God forbid , failed to detonate , a child could come upon it and ingest LEAD PAINT from its covering .
Man :
Or a child could happen upon this missile , dismantle its laser guidance system , swallow stabilizing MAGNETS , and puncture his intestine .
This may be an expensive recall , but when it comes to the health of the children whose towns and villages we 're bombing , we say : SAFETY FIRST !
Man :
With the U.S. 's ballooning trade deficit , BOMBS are our chief " export " .
If the perception is that they 're not safe for kids , who will want to be bombed by us in the future ?
With the TB + Aids epidemics now killing one - quarter of the working - age black adults throughout the sub- continent , food production has dropped dramatically while the needy orphan population has soared .
Also , South Africa 's few remaining commercial farmers no longer produce enough to feed the entire southern African region like they used to do , their unions warn ...
_____
The southern African kingdom of Lesotho has declared a state of emergency today -- appealing for international help to feed more than 400,000 desperately hungry people .
And in Zambia , more than 1.2 - million people also need urgent food - aid , even though the country has more than 150,000 subsistence farmers and is lush and green from recent rainfall .
Moreover , 8,000 Zimbabweans a day are now fleeing from that country 's man made - famine into neighbouring South Africa -- making huge inroads into South Africa 's own dwindling food supplies , local farmers are warning .
Maize production has collapsed by more than 40 % in Lesotho and Zambia this past season alone -- while in Zimbabwe , less than 10 % of the normal annual grain crop was raised due to Mugabe 's ethnic - cleansing campaign against his own people .
The World Food Programme warns that food - aid must be rushed urgently to all three countries .
But why is all this happening so rapidly right now ?
Killer TB + Aids : one - quarter of southern African population infected :
In all three countries - as indeed is happening throughout southern Africa -- more than one - quarter of the black working - age population is now infected with the combined deadly epidemics of Tuberculosis +
Aids -- meaning that the number of people able to tend to their small subsistence - fields dwindle fast as the food - producers are dying , while the number of orphans needing emergency food - aid also rises dramatically .
The average life expectancy for black African adults throughout all the southern African countries including in South Africa has now dropped to below 32 years .
This means that these working - age adults drop out of the labour market as they fall chronically ill and die -- and this is dramatically affecting all food - production throughout the region .
For the past six months , subsistence - farm families throughout southern Africa have known that things were getting very bad , with many appeals flooding in for emergency help at local religious charities all over the sub-continent .
These latest assessments by local and international institutions at the United Nations ' World Food Programme have now confirmed their worst fears .
The WFP claims that the cereal harvests in Lesotho and Zambia now are less than a quarter of what these countries need to feed themselves .
Lesotho's prime minister Pakalitha Mosisili has declared a state of emergency only today .
Meanwhile in Zimbabwe , where the prices of the few available foods in shops have soared by more than 9,500 % since January , the food - aid organisation CARE reports on January 19 2007 that Mugabe 's police looted all their foreign food - aid supplies which were awaiting distribution to starving villagers .
Yet USA president George Bush is still sending emergency food - aid directly to Zimbabwe ... when he should be sending these supplies to the South African borders , where refugee camps should also be set up to feed all those starving Zimbabweans fleeing into SA right now .
Thus far however , the Red Cross Society has failed to show up to help house and feed these refugees - thus adding to SA 's soaring crime epidemic .
All these southern - African countries used to import excess - food produced by its neighbour South Africa -- now the only remaining excess - food producer in the entire region .
However , South Africa 's own food - prices are dwindling too : mainly due to the Mbeki - regime 's own ongoing ethnic - cleansing campaign to decimate his ' white ' ( Afrikaner - ) agricultural sector and replace them with hundreds of thousands of subsistence farmers ( SA 's black adult population shows the same high TB + Aids infection rates as the rest of the continent 's )
South Africa 's dwindling number of professional farmers now produce less than 50 % of their annual production of ten years ago .
Indeed its few remaining professional farmers now are no longer able to produce enough food to feed the country 's own 47 - million - strong population and the farmers ' unions have been issuing warnings to this effect for the past two years .
LINKS Transvaal Agricultural Union warns of food shortages in SA : http://www.tlu.co.za
The Great South African Land Scandal : http://www.africancrisis.org/images%5CLandScandalIndex.pdf
SA going the Zim - way - Agri-SA warns : http://www.news24.com/News24/South_Africa/News/0,,2-7-1442_1395059,00.html
http://www.avocado.co.za/new/pages/AgriSANewsRelease19012007.doc
400,000 Lesotho residents need urgent food aid , July 20 2007 : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6906923.stm
1,2-m Zambians need food - aid , July 20 2007 : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4678592.stm
US sends 47,400 tons of food - aid to Zimbabwe , July 18 2007 http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=8 4&art_id=nw20070717215233855C149747
Zimbabwe , a country in dispair : http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/A14061313 southern Africa 1989 - 1991 - statistics : http://earthtrends.wri.org/text/agriculture-food/country-profile-129.html
Cattle - density in southern Africa year 2000 : map : http://earthtrends.wri.org/text/map_lg.php?mid=246
Fastladder has been closed
We are sorry to announce that Fastladder has been permanently closed as of 1st June 2012 .
we greatly appreciate your support and contributions .
The Fastladder Team at LINE Corporation
He said an Iranian Revolutionary Guard gunboat moved close by and its armed personnel made " very overt gestures ' ' .
The boarding party commander ordered the Australians to reboard the cargo ship .
" He got his boarding party back on to the ship and established a very credible and appropriate defensive position , '' Commodore Gilmore told reporters in Canberra .
The BBC reported earlier today that Iranian naval forces tried to capture the boarding team , but were repelled in the face of machine guns and " highly colourful language " .
Quoting a " military source " , BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner reported Iranian forces made a concerted attempt to seize a boarding party from the Royal Australian Navy and that the Australians " were having none of it " .
" The BBC has been told the Australians re-boarded the vessel they had just searched , " Gardner reports , " aimed their machine guns at the approaching Iranians , and warned them to back off , using what was said to be ' highly colourful language ' .
" The Iranians withdrew , and the Australians were reportedly lifted off the ship by one of their own helicopters . "
Speaking to the ABC today , Gardner said the Australian encounter was similar to that in which 15 Britons were captured in march of this year .
" What I 've been told by several sources , military sources , [ is that ] there was a similar encounter , in this case between the Royal Australian Navy and Iranian gunboats , some months ago , or at least some months prior to the seizing of the British sailors , '' Gardner told ABC Radio .
" The Australians escaped capture by climbing back on board the ship they 'd just searched .
I 'm told that they set up their weapons .
" No shots were exchanged but the Iranians backed off and the Australians were able to get helicoptered off that ship and they did n't get captured . ''
He did not mention the name of the Australian ship .
Australian ships rotate through duties in the Gulf , chiefly searching ships .
" What I 'm hearing is that it was a pretty robust attitude by the Australians , '' Gardner told the ABC .
" The words that somebody said to me was that they used pretty colourful language but I 'm sure that alone did n't make the Iranians back off .
" They reacted , I 'm told , incredibly quickly , whereas the Brits were caught at their most vulnerable moment , climbing down off the ship [ and ] getting into their boats . ''
Gardner said the British should be embarrassed about the incident but the issue was whether military intelligence had been passed on .
" The point of this story is not that the Aussies were fantastically brave and the Brits were a bunch of cowards , although I 'm sure some people will interpret [ it that way ] , '' he said .
" Lessons should have been drawn from what happened to the Australian crew . ''
Click here for the BBC report .
- smh.com.au / AAP
DUMMERSTON , Vt. â € ”
With public support for the Iraq war hovering around 30 percent , the Bush administration is falling back on a familiar strategy it loves to use when it find itself in trouble â€ ” scaring the American people .
On Tuesday , the National Intelligence Estimate , which reflects the consensus view of the 16 U.S. spy agencies , was released to the press .
It states that al - Qaida is stepping up efforts to sneak terror operatives into the United States and has acquired most of the capabilities it needs to strike here .
President Bush immediately seized upon the report 's findings as justification for the continued U.S. occupation of Iraq .
Bush still believes that al - Qaida is responsible for the violence in Iraq , something that has been repeatedly proven false .
And , for good measure , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff chimed in last week , saying he had a " gut feeling " that another major terrorist attack was going to happen â€ ” even though he admitted that there was no specific threat to justify that statement .
The NIE was released the same day that the Senate planned an all - night session to force a vote on the Iraq war .
Coincidence ?
Definitely not , especially when one remembers all the other times when terrorist threats conveniently materialized exactly when the administration needed a little distraction .
A couple of years ago , MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann assembled a list of 10 instances when the timing of the government 's terrorist alerts appeared to be more than a little suspicious .
Let 's take a walk down memory lane and examine them .
1. On May 18 , 2002 , we first learned that President Bush had been warned in August 2001 that some sort of terror attack on the U.S. was imminent .
The warnings were n't acted upon , bringing into question intelligence failures prior to the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks .
On May 22 , President Bush went on the record opposing the formation of an independent 9/11 commission .
Later that day , FBI Director Robert Mueller declared that another terrorist attack was " inevitable " and the following day , the Department of Homeland Security issued a terror alert .
2. On June 6 , 2002 , FBI agent Coleen Rowley testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee .
She said she tried to warn her superiors about the specialized flight training taken by some of the men who eventually were part of the 9/11 attacks , but she was ignored .
On June 10 , Attorney General John Ashcroft announced that a major terrorist plot was disrupted with the arrest of Jose Padilla , accused of plotting a radiation bomb attack .
However , Padilla had been in custody for more than a month before Ashcroft 's announcement .
3. On Feb . 5 , 2003 , Secretary of State Colin Powell appeared before the United Nations Security Council and detailed the extent of Iraq 's nuclear , biological and chemical weapons programs â€ ” information that later proved to be untrue .
Two days later , as massive demonstrations against a planned U.S. attack on Iraq were building , Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge raised the nation 's color - coded terror alert level to orange â€ ” the second highest level â€ ” and Americans were advised to stock up on plastic sheeting and duct tape to protect against a radiological or biological attack .
4 . On July 23 , 2003 , the White House admitted that the CIA cast doubts on its claims that Iraq had tried to buy uranium from Niger .
On the 24th , the congressional report on the 9/11 attacks criticized the government for its failures and stated that Iraq had no links to al - Qaida .
On the 26th , American troops were accused of beating Iraqi prisoners .
On the 29th , Homeland Security issued another round of warnings of terrorist attacks on the United States .
5. On Dec. 17 , 2003 , the 9/11 Commission co-chairman Thomas Keane stated that the attacks were preventable .
The next day , a federal appeals court ruled that Jose Padilla cannot be detained indefinitely without charges .
David Kay , the chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq , announced that no weapons of mass destruction were found there and that he would resign his post .
On Dec 21 , Homeland Security raised the threat level to orange , claiming that terrorists were plotting to fly jetliners into skyscrapers .
6. On March 30 , 2004 , National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice testified before the 9/11 Commission .
The next day , four Blackwater USA civilian contractors were murdered in Fallujah , and their burnt , mutilated bodies were dragged through the streets .
On April 2 , Homeland Security issued a warning that terrorists were plotting to blow up trains and buses with fertilizer bombs .
7 . On May 16 , 2004 , Powell appeared on NBC's " Meet The Press " and admitted the presentation he made to the U.N. Security Council the year before was " inaccurate and wrong , and in some cases , deliberately misleading . "
On the 21st , the first pictures of prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib were released .
On the 24th , AP Television video confirmed that U.S. forces mistakenly bombed a wedding party , killing more than 40 people .
On 26th , Ashcroft and Mueller announced they have credible information that al - Qaida was planning a major attack on the United States .
Interestingly , the color - coded alert system did n't change .
8 . On July 6 , 2004 , Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry selected John Edwards as his running mate .
The Democratic campaign got a bump in the polls and in media coverage .
Two days later , Ridge warned that al - Qaida was moving forward with its plans to launch a major attack on the United States .
Also , about the same time , federal election official Deforest Soaries confirmed he wrote to Ridge about the prospect of postponing the upcoming presidential election in the event it was interrupted by terrorist attacks .
9 . On July 29 , 2004 , Kerry was formally nominated at the Democratic candidate for president .
Again , he garners plenty of media attention .
Three days later , Ridge raised the terror threat level to orange and warned of possible attacks on financial centers in New York and New Jersey .
The evidence that prompted the warning was later found to be four years old and outdated .
Oddly enough , Bush 's daughters , Barbara and Jenna , visited the Citicorp Building in New York the same day as Ridge 's warning .
10 . In Oct. 6 , 2005 , at 10 a.m. , President Bush gave a speech to the National Endowment for Democracy .
He said the U.S. government had foiled at least 10 major terrorist plots since 9/11 , but offered no evidence .
At 3 p.m. , the AP reported that Karl Rove , Bush 's chief political advisor , would testify before a grand jury investigating the leak of a CIA agent 's identity and that there was no guarantee that Rove would not be indicted .
Just after 5 p.m. , New York City officials revealed details of a bomb threat to the city 's subway system based on information supplied by the federal government .
This information was eventually found to be bogus .
Ten instances over nearly four years .
Critical moments when the Bush administration was either under siege , or when its political opponents were gaining strength .
Ten instances of terror threats that conveniently appeared just when they would benefit the president the most .
Coincidence ?
Ridge admitted in May 2005 that the administration raised the terror alert level even though there was n't enough evidence to do so .
And Olbermann 's list leaves out other instances when the terror alert level was changed â€ “ such as in January and February 2002 , when the first stories of the Enron scandal started to appear , or last August 's " liquid bomb " threat that snarled air travel for weeks .
So when you hear President Bush repeatedly invoking the name of al - Qaida , and read stories about " credible " information about future terror plots , remember this timeline and remember the people in the White House who turned fear into a political tool .
_______
About author Randolph T. Holhut has been a journalist in New England for more than 25 years .
He edited " The George Seldes Reader " ( Barricade Books ) .
He can be reached at Randolph T. Holhut has been a journalist in New England for more than 25 years .
He edited " The George Seldes Reader " ( Barricade Books ) .
He can be reached at randyholhut@yahoo.com
By Peter Hart
With the public still many months away from choosing major - party presidential candidates , robust public debates with a wide sampling from across the political spectrum would seem to be an empowering democratic exercise .
And for a press corps so often complaining about the scripted and stilted tedium of day - to - day political campaigning , wide - open debates and a freewheeling exchange of ideas might make for good TV .
But many journalists seem not to agree .
In the coverage of the early candidate debates , the media have fallen into a familiar pattern of trying to “ weed out ” candidates who do not meet the press corps ’ ideological preferences ( Extra ! , 9–10/03 ) .
The most vigorous weeding , as usual , has been directed at left - leaning Democrats , but the media outrage when Rep. Ron Paul ( R. - Texas ) raised questions about the “ war on terror ” demonstrated that the media ’s insistence on ideological orthodoxy is unfortunately bipartisan .
In the wake of the first Democratic candidates ’ debate ( MSNBC , 4/26/07 ) , many media outlets and commentators seemed annoyed that the so - called “ second - tier ” candidates were even bothering to run .
As FAIR has noted ( Extra ! Update , 6/07 ) , early election polls are very bad at predicting the eventual nominee , so it ’s unwise to use them to determine which candidates are viable front - runners and which campaigns are merely a nuisance .
That ’s not the way it ’s seen by many Washington pundits , though — at least when it comes to Democrats .
The Los Angeles Times argued ( 4/27/07 ) that the wide format of one Democrats ’ debate “ allowed each candidate a total of 11 minutes to talk — giving [ Ohio Rep. Dennis ] Kucinich and [ former Senator of Alaska Mike ]
Gravel , both of whom have a negligible showing in polls , equal time with the front - runners , which they used to take aggressive hits at [ New York Sen. Hillary ] Clinton and [ Illinois Sen. Barack ] Obama . ”
It ’s not merely about polling , of course — if that were true , the media would be just as scornful of New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson or Sen. Joe Biden ( D. - Del. ) , who both lurk near the bottom in national surveys .
The problem is that the press sees some of the lesser candidates as potentially shifting the debate .
As Washington Post columnist David Broder lamented ( 6/7/07 ) :
Prodded by four long shots for the nomination and threatened by the rhetoric of former senator John Edwards , a serious contender , the two front - runners , Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama , have abandoned their cautious advocacy of a phased withdrawal of U.S. forces and now are defending votes to cut off support for troops fighting insurgents in Iraq .
Broder can take comfort in the fact that this “ threatening ” rhetoric is n’t actually given much debate time ; while Kucinich and Gravel were asked only eight questions in the April 26 debate , “ front - runners ” Clinton , Obama and former vice presidential candidate John Edwards each received 12 .
No doubt aware of this disparity , Sen. Chris Dodd ’s campaign took the unusual approach of counting up airtime in the June 3 debate .
The disparities were more or less in line with the polling — top - tier candidates spoke more than the also - rans , with the debate moderator — CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer — logging 13 minutes of time , more than all candidates except Clinton and Obama .
After that debate , CNN ’s Howard Kurtz ( 4/29/07 ) seemed annoyed media were paying any attention at all to Gravel : “ He was sort of a bomb - thrower on that stage .
Why should a network allow somebody with , say , zero chance of becoming president into these debates ? ”
CBS ’s Bob Schieffer lodged a similar complaint ( Face the Nation , 4/29/07 ) : “ Is it fair to have all these people out there ?
I mean , it is a free country .
Everybody [ who ] wants to run for president should have that opportunity and does .
But clearly , somebody like former Sen .
Mike Gravel is not going to be a serious candidate , and yet he gets equal time , and . . .
I would just say it honestly :
In my view , it just wastes time . ”
While Schieffer may see an inclusive debate as time wasted , MSNBC host Chris Matthews pinpointed the importance of including “ second - tier ” candidates when he asked Obama campaign adviser David Axelrod ( 4/26/07 ) if he thought his candidate “ was hampered ” by Gravel and Kucinich ’s “ radical critique . . . it made your guy seem more like he was part of the establishment than he would like to have seemed ? ”
Often reporters and pundits act , when they ’re trying to winnow the field , as if they ’re only aiming to improve the democratic process .
But Matthews ’ question recognizes that there is a sizable segment of the population whose dissatisfaction with mainstream party politics would n’t be included at all in the national debate if it were n’t for the “ second tier . ”
The initial reaction to lesser - known Republican candidates appearing in debates was quite different .
After the GOP debate , the L. A. Times editorialized ( 5/4/07 ) , “ The breadth of small - fries in the field makes it hard to define a coherent Republican message , but that ’s a sign of intellectual ferment in the troubled GOP . ”
When three of the GOP contenders signaled their doubts about evolution , the Washington Post helpfully noted ( 5/6/07 ) that “ a look at public polling on the issue reveals that the three men are n’t far from the mainstream in that belief . ”
And in an online column , Newsweek ’s Howard Fineman declared ( 5/3/07 ) : “ Let ’s hear it for the ‘ second - ’ and ‘ third - ’ tier presidential candidates .
. . .
If you know , as I do , some of the other , putatively lesser , GOP contenders , you have to be impressed with the depth of their political passion , their knowledge and even their track records .
They represent , in undiluted form , the vivid primary colors of the conservative movement . ”
The contrast was striking :
The lesser - known ( and generally more conservative ) Republican candidates were cheered for participating in the process , while the Democratic candidates who represent more progressive ideals were derided for taking up the time of other , more worthy candidates .
And once a candidate is deemed worthy of the “ top tier , ” they ’re more often given a pass on things that might sink a lesser rival .
When GOP contender Mitt Romney , for example , made a bizarre claim during a June 5 debate about Saddam Hussein barring weapons inspectors from Iraq prior to the March 2003 invasion , the gaffe was all but invisible in the post - debate press ( FAIR Media Advisory , 6/8/07 ) .
But there are still ideological pitfalls for a Republican lesser - known , as Ron Paul discovered during another Republican debate ( 5/15/07 ) .
Paul dared to raise a taboo subject : al Qaeda ’s stated reasons for the September 11 attacks .
“ They attack us because we ’ve been over there , we ’ve been bombing Iraq for 10 years , ” Paul said .
“ We ’ve been in the Middle East . . . .
Have you ever read about the reasons they attacked us ? ”
GOP front - runner Rudy Giuliani responded by saying he ’d never heard such an “ absurd explanation ” for the September 11 attacks , “ that we invited the attack because we were attacking Iraq ” — a response that got sustained applause from the audience , and much the same from the press corps .
The media reacted strongly in support of Giuliani .
Fox News Channel ’s John Gibson scored a twofer ( 5/17/07 ) by mangling Paul ’s words ( “ Paul suggested that the U.S. actually had a hand in the terrorist attacks ” ) and then linking him to the Democratic Party , citing a poll that claims many Democrats “ think President Bush knew about the 9/11 attacks beforehand .
. . .
It would n’t have stunned me had it come up in the Democratic debate , but it ’s a jaw - dropper to see it in the Republican debate . ”
Time magazine ’s Joe Klein ( 5/17/07 ) declared it to be Paul ’s “ singular moment of weirdness , ” and stated that Giuliani “ reduced Paul to history . ”
Lost amidst the media excitement over Giuliani ’s response was whether or not Paul was correct .
The Nation ’s John Nichols wrote a column ( 5/16/07 ) pointing out that Paul ’s argument more or less echoed the findings of the 9/11 Commission , which noted that Osama bin Laden had called in 1996 for Muslims to drive U.S. troops out of Saudi Arabia — whose mission there was largely to support air patrols over Iraq — and that subsequent statements rallied followers to oppose U.S. policy in Israel / Palestine and Iraq .
Such discussions are common in academic and policy circles , but not so in the mainstream media .
MSNBC host Chris Matthews declared ( 5/16/07 ) that “ Ron Paul has a big problem , ” saying that while it was important for Americans to “ understand the simmering hatred and the hostility , the sea of hostility , over there , ” Paul ’s comments were unacceptable on factual grounds :
“ You ca n’t say it ’s because we put troops in Iraq , over the no-fly zone , because they tried to blow up that same building back in ’ 93 , before all these skirmishes over the no-fly zone .
You ca n’t say that particular argument . ”
Paul actually made no reference to the no-fly zones in his debate remarks .
But if that ’s what Matthews thought Paul was referring to , the cable news host should be aware that the no-fly policy was first declared in 1991 , and that there was an extensive series of air raids in support of the no-fly zones in January 1993 — a month before the 1993 attack .
When Paul convened a press conference on May 24 at the National Press Club featuring former CIA terrorism expert Michael Scheuer , the press ignored the event , although reporters have interviewed Scheurer regularly for several years .
The fact that Scheuer essentially agrees with Paul ’s premise , as he explained to AntiWar radio ( 5/18/07 ) , might explain the media ’s fickleness .
CNN host Howard Kurtz ( 5/20/07 ) slammed Paul ’s “ unorthodox theory ” about the September 11 attacks , declaring that “ news organizations are allowing ego - driven fringe candidates to muck up debates among those with an actual shot at the White House . ”
The real problem is n’t that Ron Paul ca n’t win the White House , or that progressive candidates might “ muck up ” a debate ; if anything , they ’ve started a debate the media do n’t want to have .
Some people in this predicament are fighting the I.R.S. and winning .
Sometimes , lower payments can be negotiated with the I.R.S. , tax experts say .
In other cases , bankruptcy or a claim of insolvency can eliminate the tax burden .
Sometimes , the bills are sent out erroneously , as banks fail to keep track of home values and what price the properties ultimately sell for .
“ The tax laws are far too complex for borrowers to understand , ” said Kurt Eggert , a professor at Chapman University School of Law , noting that there are distinctions between selling a house for less than the loan amount and losing one in foreclosure .
He says it is crucial to get expert tax advice to sort through the bewildering complications .
The whole concept can be counterintuitive .
“ Your home has declined in value and you lose it , ” Mr. Eggert said .
“ Then the I.R.S. says you owe tens of thousands in taxes because you got a windfall when the debt was forgiven . ”
Mr. Stout has suffered doubly from the downturn in the housing market .
He earned $ 65,000 last year as a salesman for a roofing company .
But last winter , his job was cut from a salaried position to an hourly one .
Then his hours were reduced , as construction demand eased .
Through July he had earned only $ 25,000 , said his lawyer , Stephen G. Doherty , of Bennett & Doherty in Doylestown , Pa. , putting him on pace for a pay cut over all this year .
Mr. Doherty set out to appeal the Stouts ’ tax bill by arguing that Wells Fargo got the home as collateral so the family did not reap a benefit .
The Stouts and their lawyer also hoped to show that Wells Fargo was able to sell the house for far more than $ 1 .
Finally , they contended that penalties were inappropriate because they did not receive a tax notice in 2005 or 2006 .
Image Agnes Mouser , a 65 - year - old widow in Texas , received a $ 10,000 tax bill after foreclosure on her loan to pay off credit - card debt .
Credit ... Michael Stravato for The New York Times
After a reporter inquired about the Stout matter , Wells Fargo Home Mortgage said last week that it had reviewed the Stouts ’ tax documents and was filing a corrected 1099 tax form to show that no debt had been canceled , because the fair market value of the home was actually more than Mr. Stout had owed .
Snopes
· 11 hours ago
Sheikh Sabah Al Ahmad Al Sabah , the ruler of Kuwait who drew on his decades as the oil - rich nation ’s top diplomat to push for closer ties to Iraq after ...
By the same token , he said , nothing is more deadly than a person who is too enraged for expletives -- who cleanly and quietly picks up a gun and starts shooting .
Researchers have also examined how words attain the status of forbidden speech and how the evolution of coarse language affects the smoother sheets of civil discourse stacked above it .
They have found that what counts as taboo language in a given culture is often a mirror into that culture 's fears and fixations .
" In some cultures , swear words are drawn mainly from sex and bodily functions , whereas in others , they 're drawn mainly from the domain of religion , " Dr. Deutscher said .
In societies where the purity and honor of women is of paramount importance , he said , " it 's not surprising that many swear words are variations on the ' son of a whore ' theme or refer graphically to the genitalia of the person 's mother or sisters . "
The very concept of a swear word or an oath originates from the profound importance that ancient cultures placed on swearing by the name of a god or gods .
In ancient Babylon , swearing by the name of a god was meant to give absolute certainty against lying , Dr. Deutscher said , " and people believed that swearing falsely by a god would bring the terrible wrath of that god upon them . "
A warning against any abuse of the sacred oath is reflected in the biblical commandment that one must not " take the Lord 's name in vain , " and even today courtroom witnesses swear on the Bible that they are telling the whole truth and nothing but .
Among Christians , the stricture against taking the Lord 's name in vain extended to casual allusions to God 's son or the son 's corporeal sufferings -- no mention of the blood or the wounds or the body , and that goes for clever contractions , too .
Nowadays , the phrase , " Oh , golly ! " may be considered almost comically wholesome , but it was not always so .
" Golly " is a compaction of " God 's body " and , thus , was once a profanity .
Yet neither biblical commandment nor the most zealous Victorian censor can elide from the human mind its hand - wringing over the unruly human body , its chronic , embarrassing demands and its sad decay .
Discomfort over body functions never sleeps , Dr. Burridge said , and the need for an ever - fresh selection of euphemisms about dirty subjects has long served as an impressive engine of linguistic invention .
How does Alexa determine the metrics and insights for sites ?
Most of our metrics are estimates that are based on our global data panel which represents a sample of all Internet users .
To generate our metrics , we count visits and pageviews for each site and apply data science to estimate what the total traffic and engagement for each site might be .
We also show directly measured metrics for sites that are Certified and that have chosen to publicly display their Certified Metrics .
If these metrics are public they will replace the estimates .
You can certify your own site with a subscription to any Alexa plan .
You can learn more about how specific information on the Site Overview tool is determined by clicking on the bubble next to any metric or insight .
But should there be any further doubts , here is a guest post from a man who knows as much about this subject as anyone else in the world .
And he bears bad news for those who had visions of driving around in algae - fueled transportation .
This was a bit disheartening for me , because I had high hopes that we had an option for replacing a large amount of our fossil fuel usage .
I no longer believe that , and recent work by Krassen Dimitrov ( PDF warning ) had reinforced my doubts .
When I read the guest post by fireangel , " Has the Algae Cavalry Arrived " , my first thought was " Nice work . "
My second thought was , " I should have jumped on this and investigated thoroughly eight months ago when those nagging doubts started to creep in . "
One nagging question I have had since I first read about biodiesel from algae is " Why would NREL terminate the project if the prospects really were good ? "
I originally wrote an article over a year ago in which I mentioned the potential of algal biodiesel .
I still believe , as I did then , that biodiesel ( or more broadly , renewable diesel ) is a far superior fuel to ethanol for reasons I outlined in that essay .
However , over the past year , the more I learned about the prospects of biodiesel from algae , the more it started to look to me like cellulosic ethanol : Technically feasible ?
Yes .
Commercially feasible ?
Nowhere close , and the prospects do n't look good any time soon .
( However , as in the case of cellulosic ethanol , I believe the technology has some potential , so the government should fund the research ) .
The following is a guest post by John Benemann .
John has many years of expertise in biomass conversion , and previously co-wrote a guest piece on cellulosic ethanol .
On the subject of biodiesel from algae , he literally wrote the book .
--------------------------------------------
I saw with some interest the guest post on " Has the Algae Cavalry Arrived " posted by Heading Out and written by fireangel about the claims being made by GreenFuel Technologies ( GFT ) Corporation .
I have some standing in this matter , both as Manager of the International Network on Biofixation of Carbon Dioxide and Greenhouse Gas Abatement with Microalgae ( operated by the Int. Energy Agency , Greenhouse Gas R&D Programme ) and also as a researcher in this field for over 30 years .
My comments here are my own , of course , and do n't necessarily reflect those of the GhG R&D Programme or others involved in the Biofixation Network .
In brief :
1 . The post by fireangel , based on the analysis by Dr. Krassen Dimitrov's , is generally correct , although some details regarding algae physiology and mass culture are arguable .
However , those would not change the general conclusions of this posting .
Well done !
2 . The claims for biodiesel production rates being made by GFT , among many others in this field , exceed anything based on biological or physical theory , as also pointed out in this posting .
They are truly bizarre .
3 . The use of closed photobioreactors ( > $ 100 + / m2 ) for such applications is totally absurd .
4 . I am on the record as stating that this is " It 's bizarre ; it 's totally absurd . " ( see below article from the American Scientist last year , which quotes me to that effect .
This was a correct quote , and in context ) .
5 . Open ponds , at < $ 10 / m2 can be as productive as closed photobioreactors .
The arguments that closed systems are better than open ponds are incorrect - they both have their particular applications and benefits / drawbacks .
It all depends on the situation and applications .
The main difference is that open ponds are much cheaper .
6 . Open ponds may plausibly be considered for algae biofuels production , but this assumes that indeed the required R&D is successful , a very BIG IF ( but that is true of all R&D ) .
But it is worthwhile trying , as we must try all plausible options .
But we must also reject those that , as pointed out in this posting , violate first principles and have other major up - front failings .
7. I was the Principal Investigator and main author of the U.S. DOE Aquatic Species Program ( ASP ) Close - Out Report [ RR : You can download this 328 page PDF , which I have actually read , here ] , and thus am rather familiar with it .
The report was published by NREL with their own introduction that paints a perhaps somewhat too - positive picture in light of the actual data and results .
Thus it should be used with some caution .
This report was meant to just summarize the work done by the ASP , which spent about $ 100 million , ( in today 's dollars ) over about a decade and a half .
8. Microalgae biofuels generally , and algae biodiesel production specifically , is still a long - term R&D goal ( likely about 10 years ) , that will require at least as much funding as the ASP , if not more , and success is , as for any R&D effort , rather uncertain .
9 . Some near term applications can be considered , in wastewater treatment specifically ( but , wait , do not rush to your nearest algae wastewater treatment ponds - there are thousands of these around , but they are mostly very small and their algae have little or no oil , at least the way that we operate those systems at present .
Making oil from algae grown on wastewaters also still requires significant R&D ) .
10 .
There are now scores of venture - financed companies , university research groups , government labs , garage start - ups , GFT licensees , web sites , and on and on claiming that they have , can , may and / or will produce algae biodiesel , at low cost , high productivity , soon , etc .
None are based on data , experience , reality or even a correct reading of the literature .
11 . I am not aware of any work in this field done by Prof.
Briggs at U. New Hampshire , outside from an old website that quotes the Aquatic Species Program Close Out Report .
There is no basis for the projections he makes for very high biodiesel production rates .
12 . Even if R&D proves successful and we can actually produce algae biofuels ( maybe even biodiesel ) economically ( whatever the economics may be a decade or so from now ) , even then , I am sorry to say that due to resource ( land , water , etc. ) limitations , algae will not replace all our ( or their ) oil wells , cannot solve our entire global warming problem , or make me rich quick , at least not honestly .
But maybe this technology could be developed in the next few years so that in the future it can make a contribution to our energy supplies , our environment and human welfare .
We will in the future need all such technologies and must in the present study and develop all those that appear at least on their face plausible .
But we also must reject those , as in the present case , that are based on absurd claims ( such as in this case of productivity ) and bizarre contraptions ( e.g. closed photobioreactors ) .
There are no silver bullets , no winner - take - all technologies , no technological fixes , the solution to our energy and environment crisis can only come from , in order , ' demand ' management , efficiency improvements , and new energy supplies , to which , maybe , algae processes can contribute .
I hope that this posting helps persuade GFT , and all others in this " business " , to CEASE AND DESIST from the absurd and totally bizarre claims they are making .
PLEASE !!
Cheers .
John R. Benemann , Ph.D .
jbenemann@aol.com
American Scientist Article Excerpt
The full article is :
Grow Your Own ?
The excerpt to which Dr. Benemann referred :
AFP
THE Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , set up under the auspices of the United Nations to establish a consensus on global warming and what to do about it , has now completed its fourth assessment report .
The first two parts , published earlier this year , about the science and the impacts of climate change , were designed to spread gloom .
Change was happening , they said ; it was mankind 's fault ; and it was going to be damaging .
The third part , released on Friday May 4th in Bangkok , is about mitigating climate change , and is designed to spread hope .
Just as mankind caused the problem , it says , so mankind can stop it — and at a reasonable cost .
In some areas of economic activity , emissions could be cut with no cost to consumers or taxpayers .
The heating and lighting systems of many buildings , for instance , are startlingly inefficient .
Improving this would cut both emissions and bills .
Economists are troubled by this , for it implies that people and businesses are not maximising their economic self - interest ; yet the low take - up of energy - efficient lightbulbs suggests this is indeed the case .
Governments are therefore beginning to tighten regulations on the energy efficiency of buildings , and to talk about , for instance , banning incandescent lightbulbs .
The IPCC reckons that such measures could cut 30 % of projected emissions from this sector at no extra cost .
Transport is trickier , because car ownership is rocketing and the demand for fuel is fairly inelastic .
If people want to drive they are going to drive , unless governments jack up petrol prices to levels that are politically unacceptable .
So for emissions to fall in the transport sector , new technologies , such as more efficient biofuels or electric cars , are needed .
Given a big R&D effort in this sector , there is a good chance that those will be forthcoming .
Similarly , in power generation , there is scope for cutting emissions .
The cost of renewable energy , such as wind and solar , has been falling .
Nuclear generating technology has improved .
Carbon capture and storage , which involves taking the carbon dioxide ( or C02 ) out of power station flue gases and injecting it back into the earth , is also a possibility , though that technology is at an early stage .
Technological solutions to climate change , then , are available .
But most of those on offer in the power and transport sectors cost more than fossil - fuel generated energy .
Fortunately , economics comes to the rescue .
Burning fossil fuels imposes a cost to society that is not reflected in their price .
Economics says that it should be ; and if it were , the price of using fossil fuels would rise in relation to the price of using renewable energy .
Unfortunately , the social cost of carbon is hard to calculate .
Plenty of economists have tried , with unconvincing results .
It requires estimating the impact of climate change on economic growth , which involves too many unknowns .
So the IPCC report starts from the other end .
Rather than trying to work out the social cost of carbon , and letting it feed through to reduce greenhouse - gas concentrations in the atmosphere , it starts from a manageable greenhouse - gas concentration and works backwards to a carbon price .
Conveniently , it says the “ social cost of carbon is at least comparable to , and possibly higher than carbon prices for even the most stringent scenarios assessed by the IPCC ” .
And what is the right price ?
The report says that to stabilise greenhouse - gas concentrations at 550 parts per million ( a level most scientists think safeish ) would require a price of $ 20 - 50 per tonne of carbon by 2020 - 30 .
That is along the lines of the carbon price established the European Emissions - Trading Scheme , which varied between $ 6 and $ 40 in 2005 - 06 .
It has not bankrupted the European economy so far .
The IPCC 's economic models reckon , on average , that if the world adopted such a price the global economy would be 1.3 % smaller than it otherwise would have been by 2050 ; or , put another way , global economic growth would be 0.1 % a year lower than it otherwise would have been .
The world would barely notice such figures ; so one might think that climate change can be easily sorted .
The problem , of course , is that the numbers work only if they are applied globally .
If a few countries — even a few big countries — adopt a carbon price , it will make little difference .
All the world 's big emitters need to do it .
Which brings the world straight back to the problem that sank Kyoto .
No country alone can make a difference , and it is in every country 's interest to ensure that everybody else bears the burden .
As the IPCC report convincingly argues , the technology and the economics of this problem are easily soluble .
It is the politics that is so difficult .
A website by Jeffrey Veen more →
I was waiting for a friend in the lobby of the Hilton down at Union Square .
Near me was a middle - aged woman speaking loudly into a pay phone .
“ Yes , yes , that ’s right .
You ’ve got it .
Now , here ’s what I want you to type .
‘ are em ’ … yes .
The letter ‘ r ’ and the letter ‘ m ’ , together .
Now type a dash .
Yes , like a hyphen .
OK , and then another ‘ r ’ .
Yes rm space hyphen r. OK , now another space and then a star .
Shift 8 . Yes .
Now read it back to me .
[ pause ] OK perfect .
Hit return and tell me what happens .
[ pause ] [ pause ]
OK .
Thank you .
Goodbye . ”
And she hung up and walked away while the command - line geek inside of me stood paralyzed with fear . ​
Går du med drømmen om at bygge et hus , og har du fundet ud af , at det vil fungere meget bedre for dig at bygge dit eget hus i forhold til at købe et hus ?
Så er dit første skridt at gå i gang med at spare op , fordi du skal ud og købe en byggegrund .
Det er vigtigt , at du finder en god byggegrund , som ligger lige der , hvor du gerne vil bo .
Du kan finde en god byggegrund i Vejle , hvor du kan se dig selv bo resten af dit liv .
Det handler om , at du skal i gang med at finde den absolut bedste byggegrund til dig og din familie .
Derfor skal du kigge på en byggegrund i Vejle
Der findes rigtig mange lækre byggegrunde i Vejle , og derfor er det en god idé at kigge på dem alle sammen .
Det er en stor beslutning af vælge byggegrund Vejle , og derfor er det vigtigt , at du er helt sikker på , at du vælger den rigtige .
Du skal både kigge på , hvor grunden ligger henne , men også hvor tæt du skal bo på dine naboer .
Sådan nogle små detaljer betyder meget , når du endelig flytter ind .
Det kan tage tid at finde den rigtige byggegrund i Vejle , men hellere bruge lidt ekstra tid på det .
På den måde kan du sikre dig , at du vælger den helt rigtige grund at bygge et hus på , og du skal jo bo der i mange år , så hellere være på den sikre side .
Sådan finder du en byggegrund i Vejle til en god pris
Der findes mange byggegrunde , og der findes mange forskellige prisniveauer på byggegrunde .
Det kommer meget an på , hvor grundene ligger henne .
Så det er en god idé at sammenligne priser på byggegrunde , så du kan se , hvor du kan få en god pris henne .
På den måde kan du sikre dig , at du får den bedste pris , og at du har penge nok til at bygge dit hus for .
Det er noget , der kan kræve lidt tid og måske lidt forhandling , men det er vigtigt , at du er helt tilfreds , når du skal i gang med at bygge dit drømmehus på en byggegrund i Vejle .
Derfor er det en fordel at bygge et hus i Vejle
Vejle er en skøn by , og det er også en by i udvikling .
Derfor findes der mange gode byggegrunde , som kan være med til at give dig en god fremtid .
Det er en fordel at bygge hus i Vejle , fordi du er i midten af Danmark , så du kommer til at være tæt på mange ting .
Du har også rigtig mange muligheder i Vejle , fordi byen er i konstant udvikling .
Det vil sige , at du har mange muligheder for jobs , men også for at blive en del af byens fællesskab .
Det er en skøn by at stifte familie i , så hvis du gerne vil bo i Vejle , så er en byggegrund en god start .
US contractors in Iraq suffering from psychological injuries repeatedly denied insurance claims
US contractors serving in Iraq and Afghanistan who have sustained psychological injuries such as post - traumatic stress disorder are often finding themselves " caught in a morass of red tape and rejected insurance claims " finds a new Los Angeles Times investigation .
" Some seriously afflicted contract workers have been dumped into indigent medical care programs , according to court records , " reports the Times .
" Many have had to wage lengthy legal battles to win payments for psychological treatment .
At least four have committed suicide after returning home from Iraq , according to court records and interviews with attorneys and family members . "
Insurance companies have fought claims for psychological injuries by using doctors of " questionable expertise , " says the paper .
In one case , writes T. Christian Miller , an insurance company psychiatrist dismissed psychology as " baloney . "
" The companies have disputed some cases in which their own doctors determined that workers were suffering psychological damage , court records show . "
AIG , the insurance company that deals with the most Iraq claims , has paid out on just 50 % of psychological claims compared with 90 % for all other injuries .
Excerpts :
#
Gary Pitts , a Houston attorney who has represented more than two dozen contractors with psychological problems , said contractors " put their lives on the line , and then they have to wait to get benefits " while insurance companies fight their claims .
The system " is costly ; it 's inefficient ; and it 's inhumane , " he said .
...
Contractors deployed to these war zones often experience the same kind of trauma that produces psychological problems in soldiers .
Military surveys estimate that 15 % to 20 % of soldiers in Iraq show signs of post - traumatic stress disorder , a debilitating condition often attributed to witnessing or participating in violence .
#
READ THE FULL LA TIMES REPORT HERE
If parking at the Onyx Chelsea , a new 52 - unit condo at 28th Street and Eighth Avenue , is any indication , there is plenty of demand .
The first two spots sold for $ 165,000 , the third for $ 175,000 and the last two for $ 195,000 .
Each space will include about $ 50 in monthly maintenance costs .
Still , there are three buyers on a waiting list .
Cynthia Habberstad is at the top of that list .
She chose not to buy a spot when they were selling for $ 165,000 , but changed her mind only to learn that all the spaces had been taken .
“ At first , I was getting overwhelmed and did n’t want to spend the money , ” Ms. Habberstad said .
“ I ’m kicking myself now , believe me . ”
She and her three children , ages 7 , 9 and 11 , live on Long Island , but the children ’s modeling schedules bring them into the city at least twice a week , and the apartment they bought in the building will be a pied - à - terre .
“ If we ’re coming in late from dinner or we have a lot of stuff in the car , do we really want to have to walk a few blocks to get home ? ” Ms. Habberstad said .
“ It all makes sense now that I do n’t have it . ”
Developers are well aware of the demand .
“ We ’re putting in parking in pretty much every development that we ’re working on , ” said Shaun Osher , the chief executive of Core Group Marketing , which represents 246 West 17th Street and about a dozen other new condo buildings .
In - building parking allows city dwellers with cars to replicate the suburban ideal where they can park , take their keys and walk right into their homes , Mr. Osher said .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) -
The decomposed corpse of a German man was found alone in his bed after nearly seven years , police in the western city of Essen said Thursday .
The police said in a statement the man was 59 and unemployed at the time of his death .
He most likely died of natural causes on November 30 , 2000 , the date he received a letter from the Welfare Office found in the apartment , police said .
Next to the dead man ’s bed police found cigarettes , an open television guide and Deutschemark coins , which came out of circulation after the euro was introduced in 2002 .
The man ’s apartment was in a building with offices and apartments , many of which are now empty .
“ No one missed him .
No missing person report was ever filed , ” the police said .
Who you gonna call ?
When solving thorny problems that combine theory and empirical analysis , Chicago economists rely on colleague Kevin Murphy as their go - to guy .
It ’s kind of an unwritten rule among Chicago economists .
If you have a difficult problem , a really hard problem , you have to try to solve it for at least three days — three concentrated , focused , uninterrupted days — before you call Kevin Murphy .
Robert Topel , the Isidore Brown and Gladys J. Brown professor in urban and labor economics , had such a problem , a programming issue involving job search and human capital .
“ Very complex , ” he says , “ with lots of conditions . ”
He had struggled with it for substantially more than three days , thought he had it licked , or at least come close , and he was proud of how he had gotten there .
So , just to be sure , he called Murphy .
“ Kevin answers , I explain , he starts talking me through it , ” says Topel .
“ On the whole , I had done quite well .
But before long Kevin mentions a few subtle aspects of the problem that I had n’t seen .
As we talk , I ’m thinking , ‘ Good old Kevin . ’
I imagine him sitting at his kitchen table , pencil in hand , scribbling equations on a napkin .
He ’s dropped everything to help me with my problem , and in ten minutes he ’s explaining aspects of it to me that I would never have seen .
Then I hear a splash , and a squeal , then another splash , and it dawns on me :
There ’s no pencil , no paper .
Kevin ’s holding the phone to his left ear with his shoulder while he ’s giving his kid a bath . ”
That kid is now 21 , a junior at the University of Wisconsin , but one thing that has matured along with him is his father ’s reputation for instant and boundless insights , an uncanny ability to see any economic problem from a new , clarity - providing angle .
As a consequence , if you ask anyone who knows him about Kevin Murphy , PhD ’86 , the George J. Stigler distinguished service professor in economics and the Graduate School of Business , they all respond the same way .
“ He ’s brilliant , very brilliant , and I do n’t use that term often , ” says colleague Gary Becker , AM ’ 53 , PhD ’55 , winner of the 1992 Nobel Prize in economics .
“ Kevin is unusually brilliant .
He ’s technically very good , catches on quickly , has a good imagination .
He ’s innovative and he has a good nose for ideas .
He is at the top ranks in economics .
Among those his age , nobody is better . ”
“ Kevin is far and away the smartest guy in the field , ” says Freakonomics author Steven Levitt , the Alvin Baum professor in economics and the College .
“ Often , the better you get to know these guys , the less ingenious they seem .
It ’s just the opposite with Kevin .
Not only is he widely regarded as the smartest economist on earth , but he can also fix your refrigerator . ”
“ He ’s the world ’s biggest bundle of human capital , ” says Topel .
“ He ’s the smartest guy , the clearest thinker , and the nicest guy I ever met , in the most unlikely package . ”
That package is strikingly unprofessorial .
“ I ’m not a fancy guy , ” says Murphy , 48 , “ not your typical academic . ”
An athlete in his high - school days — he was thinner then — he has , over the years , taken on the look of a former football player , maybe a linebacker , gone slightly to seed .
He drives a pickup truck , buys his clothes at Sam ’s Club , wears a baseball cap at all hours — a vestige of his years coaching Little League — both outdoors and in .
He teaches , speaks at conferences , and has testified before Congress wearing cap , jeans , and sneakers .
He has been photographed wearing a tie , but not recently , and there are rumors that the tie was added later , using Photoshop .
“ I have a tie , ” he insists .
“ Gary gave me one . ”
He bought another in an airport on the way to a meeting .
“ I have four of them , ” he boasts , after a moment ’s thought , “ and a suit . ”
“ It ’s not like I go home and read books for enjoyment , ” he told a writer for the GSB alumni magazine last winter .
“ I do n’t do a lot of that stuff . ”
Instead he makes furniture , some of it quite elaborate .
“ Woodwork , ” explains Becker .
“ He made me a nice holder for my books , ” he adds , referring to the two - volume first edition of Adam Smith ’s Theory of Moral Sentiments , presented to him at the April opening of the GSB ’s Becker Center .
Murphy ’s house , 36.5 Mapquest miles southwest of the GSB in New Lenox , Illinois , is filled with his handiwork : elegant wooden cabinets , tables , and shelves , each carefully crafted but with one tiny , deliberate flaw .
“ I think it adds that handmade touch , ” he says , “ something personal .
I also enjoy pointing them out . ”
For years he and his family — wife Arlene , son Chris , daughters Erin and Ellen , and two Jack Russell terriers — lived about 16 miles to the east in the suburb of Flossmoor , where he joined the school board , “ the most frustrating thing I ’ve ever done , ” and coached Little League .
Earlier this year they moved farther out , to a heavily wooded subdivision outside New Lenox .
In late summer , you ca n’t see another house from his backyard .
Power tools and lumber take up three of the slots in his four - car garage , and the fourth is at risk .
His next big home project is to furnish a new study , but that has to wait for the logs , remnants of a dead walnut tree out back , to dry before he cuts them into boards .
Despite the lumberjack look , he is a card - carrying , certified academic .
In 1997 he won the John Bates Clark Medal , given every two years to an outstanding economist under 40 .
Last fall he was named one of 25 recipients of the MacArthur award — a $ 500,000 , unsolicited , no - strings - attached prize popularly known as the “ genius ” grant .
When Murphy won the MacArthur , a writer for the GSB student paper asked him how to distinguish between a genius and a really smart person .
“ A really smart person will come up with what you would come up with , ” Murphy answered , “ only faster .
A genius will come up with something that you would never come up with , no matter how long you worked on it . ”
“ Some guys are great at that , ” he elaborates , “ guys like Gary Becker and Milton Friedman [ AM ’ 33 ] .
They ’re outstanding at seeing beyond what other economists are able to see .
Those guys are the stars of the show in my opinion .
Or Steve Levitt .
He ’s quick and he ’s smart , but he ’s also able to think of things that other people would n’t think of .
Look at the things he ’s done and ask , if Steve had n’t done it , would it have gotten done ?
And the answer for most of it is , no . ”
“ I am not sure , ” he says , “ that under that definition , I would qualify . ”
This modesty , friends say , is real , largely genetic , but enhanced by his upbringing .
His father was an electrician who liked woodworking .
One of three children , and the only son , Murphy grew up in Inglewood , a tough , blue - collar suburb of Los Angeles .
One of his sisters became a nurse ; the other does urban planning .
Murphy entered the business world at 14 when he took an after - school job sorting soda bottles in a small L.A. grocery store , working his way up to bagging groceries .
Before too long he was a stock clerk .
He bought produce , cut meat , “ did all kinds of stuff . ”
He stuck with the grocery business all the way through college , working full time while taking classes at the University of California , Los Angeles .
“ College was a sideline for me , ” he says .
He only got interested once he “ started to have some success and meet people in economics . ”
One of those people was Bob Topel .
As a graduate student and teaching assistant at UCLA in 1978 , he graded Murphy ’s first economics exam , written when he was a freshman .
“ It was beautiful , ” he recalls .
“ I was stunned .
As I read it I kept thinking , ‘ Who is this guy ? ’ ”
A few days later Topel met with the professor , Michael Ward .
Before Topel could mention the exam , Ward started telling him about this “ big lunk ” who had wandered into his office and started asking complicated questions , things you would expect from one of the better graduate students , then walked over to the blackboard , worked them out himself , said thanks , and wandered off .
“ Bob , ” said Ward , “ who is this guy ? ”
Before long , Murphy was taking graduate classes in economics , math , and statistics .
As a junior he was almost thrown out of a famously intimidating graduate price - theory course .
In a profile written for the Journal of Economic Perspectives after Murphy won the Clark Prize , Finis Welch — one of Murphy ’s teachers at UCLA and now president of Welch Consulting Economists — described how the teacher routinely traumatized students with questions designed to “ make them think like economists . ”
When Murphy answered three in a row , like an economist , he was accused of having taken the course before .
“ Did not , ” he replied .
“ Did too , ” the professor insisted .
“ Did not , ” Murphy returned .
This went on long enough to become legend .
His favorite teachers at UCLA — Ward , AM ’ 72 , PhD ’78 ; Welch , PhD ’66 ; and Ben Klein , AM ’ 67 , PhD ’70 — had all trained at Chicago .
When Murphy graduated in 1981 he had offers from all over , but his mentors “ pointed me here ” for graduate school .
He never left .
“ In terms of economics , ” he insists , “ there ’s no place in the world like Chicago .
The belief that economics can be applied to the study of real - world issues is just so much a part of the place .
If you want to be an economist , I do n’t think there ’s anyplace close . ”
As a grad student he worked primarily with the late Sherwin Rosen , AM ’ 62 , PhD ’66 , but also with Becker and Topel .
By his second year he had a GSB appointment as a lecturer .
But as he began finishing up his dissertation on “ Specialization and Human Capital ” — an exploration of the market forces behind workers ’ decisions about “ pre-market ” education and on - the - job training and the subsequent rewards for those who acquired specialized skills — his teachers noticed a curious byproduct of Murphy ’s modesty : he loathed the lonesome task of writing .
“ We had to prod him to finish his dissertation , ” Topel says .
The dissertation was , of course , “ brilliant , ” but never published .
It was a difficult problem , but as usual , Murphy had already found an answer — working with other people .
“ I think most people get a better product that way , ” he explains .
“ You pool insights and eliminate oversights .
First - rate coauthors make working on projects more fun and rewarding .
Plus , writing is a pain . ”
Since earning his PhD and joining the faculty in 1986 , he has written every one of his 60 - plus published papers with a former teacher , a close colleague , or students .
No one , least of all his coauthors , objects .
Murphy insists he gets most of his ideas while chatting with them .
“ Gary and I talk almost every day , ” he explains .
“ You ’ll be thinking about things and here ’s an idea , here ’s an idea .
But the one you end up working on is when you talk to somebody else and they say , ‘ Yeah , that seems interesting .
I thought about that too . ’
Then you go back and forth and you build up to the point where there ’s actually an idea , where there ’s the beginning of a research program , of a paper . ”
His pre-market education , it seems , had taught him the value of specialization .
As a shy but affable 25 - year - old grad student , Murphy confessed to Topel that his goal at that stage in life was “ to become the world ’s best coauthor . ”
By the time he was 35 , he was there .
It happened quickly and on multiple tracks .
In the early ’90s Murphy and various coauthors — including Welch , Becker , Murphy ’s students Chinhui Juhn , PhD’91 , and Brooks Pierce , AM ’ 84 , PhD’90 — published a series of papers on the relationships between the demand for skills , such as a college education , and increased wages .
The number of college graduates mushroomed in the early - to mid-1970s , thanks to the baby boom , enhanced by draft deferments for college students during the Vietnam War .
This sudden increase in the supply of educated workers triggered a dramatic fall in the returns for going to college .
Over time , this drop in returns reduced the demand for college training , and by the late 1970s enrollments had dwindled .
Murphy and colleagues were the first , and most convincing , to show that the rewards for a college education had rebounded in the 1980s .
Throughout that decade , highly skilled workers made steady gains , and the more education they had , the bigger the benefits .
One consequence was the substantial , and until then unrecognized , growth in income inequality .
Increased demand for those with skills had boosted upper - level , white - collar salaries , while real wages for blue - collar workers with fewer skills declined .
Murphy and colleagues clearly tied this growth in wage inequality to growth in the demand for skilled labor .
Another consequence was that college tuitions went up .
This work “ catapulted him to the attention of economists , ” says Becker .
The American Economic Association cited it when awarding when Murphy the Clark Medal .
As Welch argued in his post - medal profile , Murphy had “ moved the discourse about wage inequality from political rhetoric to a search for explanations , founded on , of all things , supply and demand . ”
It was n’t his only success .
Between 1987 and 1993 Murphy , Topel , and Juhn looked at the flip side — the impact of steady supply and decreasing demand for less skilled workers .
With a series of papers on unemployment , long spells of joblessness , and labor force withdrawal , they brought new clarity to how economists , and eventually the federal government , thought about the ranks of the jobless .
Optimism about the falling rate of unemployment was misplaced , they argued .
It was not a sign of strength .
Out - of - work males , typically the least skilled for whom wages had fallen , had not found jobs ; they had simply left the labor force .
They were no longer even looking .
Murphy also teamed up with Becker and others on a series of theoretical papers examining how human capital , education , and specialization affected economic growth in developing countries .
They tried to understand why some countries , such as South Korea , develop rapidly while others with comparable technology fail to grow , and how a “ big push ” from the government could jump - start the process .
Although Welch singled out Murphy ’s 1994 paper with Rosen and Jose Scheinkman , on “ Cattle Cycles , ” as his personal preference , Murphy , the protean coauthor , will not pick a favorite .
He admits , however , that his work with Topel culminating in their book , Measuring the Gains from Medical Research : An Economic Approach ( 2003 ) , and in “ The Value of Health and Longevity ” ( Journal of Political Economy , 2006 ) seems to have garnered the broadest interest , to have the “ most legs . ”
In that research they found that from 1970 to 2000 , increased longevity and improved quality of life , much of it thanks to medical research , added nearly $ 3.2 trillion per year to total wealth in the United States , equal to about half the total gross domestic product .
On average , they found , people would be willing to pay about $ 500 to reduce their probability of death by one in 10,000 .
Even a modest one - percent reduction in cancer mortality would be worth about $ 500 billion to current and future Americans .
“ The social returns to investment in new medical knowledge , ” they argue , “ are enormous . ”
One of their conclusions — that “ current expenditures on medical research are extremely small relative to both the economic value of historical improvements in health and relative to the potential gains from even small progress against major categories of disease ” — made them very popular in certain circles .
“ We get a lot of invitations to speak , ” says Topel .
“ The American Cancer Society , the American Heart Association , the American Society of Clinical Oncology , all of them . ”
“ We hear from a lot of people who are interested in more research funding , ” adds Murphy .
“ We ’re high on that list , the would n’t - it - be - good - for - us - to - have - more - funding bandwagon . ”
The way they got there is a textbook example of how modern economists go about their business .
“ People think that economics always has to do with money , that Wall Street is somehow the hub of economics , ” Murphy explains .
“ That ’s not quite right .
Economics is about applying some pretty basic principles to a range of areas and trying to inject a little creativity .
It ’s a way of modeling people ’s behavior and how outcomes are determined in society , whether they be political outcomes or family outcomes or health outcomes .
It ’s a way of thinking and a set of tools and principles that allow you to evaluate a wide set of problems all in the same way . ”
The concept of the medical - research study was “ pretty simple , ” Murphy notes .
Look at decisions that people make , and based on those decisions learn how much they value improvements in health and longevity .
Then use those values to infer what the value would be for other potential changes in health and longevity , and multiply by historical and anticipated changes in life span .
The concept may be simple , but the tactics include a lot of data mining , some wide - ranging psychology , and buckets of hard - core mathematics .
A researcher ca n’t determine something ’s worth simply by asking .
“ When people tell you they value something a lot , ” says Murphy , “ that means they want you to think they value it a lot , not that they ’re actually willing to make much of an effort to get it . ”
So to measure how much people value life extension , he and Topel found examples of what people actually spent , often in roundabout ways , to lengthen their own lives .
Maybe they pay more for a safer car , a Volvo instead of a Corvair .
They turn down a high - paying but risky job — say , security guard in Baghdad — for a lower - paid but safer alternative , such as being a traffic cop in Winnetka .
They quit smoking , eat a healthier diet , make all kinds of decisions that may be costly , in terms of expenditures or personal sacrifice , but are thought to extend life .
Applying those numbers on a national scale is a complex mathematical problem .
“ At its core , ” Murphy says , “ economics is mostly about clear thinking , ” about using basic principles .
The math helps to “ lay a foundation under each principle . ”
It tells how everything fits together , where the rules apply “ and where they break down . ”
Although they are still “ working some ” on the economics of health and medicine , Murphy and Topel also have started to “ think a little bit harder , ” as Murphy puts it , about the process of innovation in health care and the economics of how to speed it up .
They ’re not taking “ a purely mechanical point of view , ” he says , but thinking about a world in which “ one player intervenes and everybody else optimizes . ”
For example , a government or philanthropic organization that supports research might establish rules for sharing new knowledge , which may speed the development process .
“ So that ’s the concept .
We ’re starting to get there . ”
He also continues to work with Becker on the value of education , this time looking at nonmonetary returns to schooling , its effect on health or choices of consumer goods .
“ We ’re just starting on this topic , ” he stresses .
Economists initially focused only on financial rewards : get educated , land a better job , earn more money .
But as more people get educated , there ’s increased competition for those jobs , says Murphy , and skilled wages tend to drift downward .
What ’s becoming clear , however , is that education does more than boost income , says Murphy .
It “ improves people ’s outcomes in a lot of other dimensions . ”
Again , health is a good example — educated people live longer — but there are also benefits “ on the consumption - good side . ”
As more people get educated , the marketplace responds by catering to them .
The product mix shifts toward items that appeal to educated consumers —
Blackberries , digital cameras , Freakonomics — which makes it even worse to be less educated because not only do they have less money but the stuff they can buy is drifting away from them .
Even as he studies the hidden benefits of education , Murphy openly aids and abets it .
He teaches or coteaches six classes , more than any other GSB or economics faculty member .
“ Research is kind of what you ’re gauged on , ” he says , “ but I like to teach .
It ’s important , helping people learn how to use economics , to make better decisions , to change the way they think , help them understand how the world works . ”
“ Unfortunately , a lot of students get hung up in the math , ” he laments .
If they do n’t follow the math , that becomes their focus .
But the math , he says , is “ pretty easy to teach , pretty much straightforward . ”
It ’s the concepts that matter , and they are much harder .
“ They do n’t have well - defined edges , ” he explains .
“ They do n’t exactly fit . ”
When it comes to understanding a basic principle , “ you only learn the beginning of it in class .
You pick it up through practice .
It takes a lot of hands - on learning to get real good with the principles . ”
“ You can see it in your students , ” he says .
“ You can predict what ’s going to trip them up . ”
A test question might look like it fits the principle , but there ’s a subtlety to it .
On an exam , or in real life , there are often two answers , says Murphy .
There ’s the “ almost - right answer , ” which is basically a direct application of the principle , and then there ’s “ the truly right answer — or at least the best answer that we know of — which is a subtle wrinkle on that first answer .
So , pretty quickly , people are able to get to that first answer , ” he says .
“ I think you spend the rest of your life trying to figure out how to get to the second answer . ”
He likes to tell a story about a time when his good friend Topel did n’t pick up on one of those subtleties , one Murphy considered obvious .
At the time they both lived in Flossmoor and were riding the train together , on the way to a faculty meeting , when it began to rain .
Topel , the dapper one , was miffed .
He had forgotten his umbrella .
When Murphy began to tease him about his distress , Topel retorted that although his dressed - down colleague was wearing shorts and , it goes without saying , a baseball cap , he too would get wet ; the rain still mattered .
But Murphy had the second — and best , if literally wrinkled — answer .
“ These are n’t shorts , ” he pointed out .
“ These are my swim trunks . ”
A goat is seen in an undated handout photo from the Department of Agriculture .
Officials at Nepal 's state - run airline have sacrificed two goats to appease Akash Bhairab , the Hindu sky god , following technical problems with one of its Boeing 757 aircraft , the carrier said Tuesday .
REUTERS / USDA / Handout
KATHMANDU ( Reuters ) - Officials at Nepal ’s state - run airline have sacrificed two goats to appease Akash Bhairab , the Hindu sky god , following technical problems with one of its Boeing 757 aircraft , the carrier said Tuesday .
Nepal Airlines , which has two Boeing aircraft , has had to suspend some services in recent weeks due the problem .
The goats were sacrificed in front of the troublesome aircraft Sunday at Nepal ’s only international airport in Kathmandu in accordance with Hindu traditions , an official said .
“ The snag in the plane has now been fixed and the aircraft has resumed its flights , ” said Raju K.C. , a senior airline official , without explaining what the problem had been .
Local media last week blamed the company ’s woes on an electrical fault .
The carrier runs international flights to five cities in Asia .
It is common in Nepal to sacrifice animals like goats and buffaloes to appease different Hindu deities .
ROME , Italy ( Reuters ) --
An Italian lawmaker , who once advocated drug tests for parliamentarians , has resigned from his party in disgrace after being caught at a hotel with a prostitute who had overdosed on drugs .
Lower house deputy Cosimo Mele denied taking cocaine himself and said he was proud he took responsibility when the prostitute felt ill .
He requested an ambulance for her at their posh Rome hotel .
" I 'm proud of myself .
When I alerted the hotel reception and then asked them to call an ambulance , I realized that my name could get out , " Mele , 50 , told Corriere della Sera newspaper .
" Many other guys would have taken off , " added Mele , who is married with three children .
Last year , a satirical television show said it had secretly tested 50 lower house deputies for illegal substances and found almost one third had taken drugs in the previous 36 hours .
A bogus make - up artist had dabbed their brow between filming , and then tested the material collected for drugs .
Mele 's political party , the opposition Union of Christian Democrats ( UDC ) , accepted his resignation on Monday but said he remained , at least for now , a non-party lawmaker in parliament .
The UDC , which said Mele 's behavior ran contrary to party values , is slated to hold a voluntary drug test for lawmakers outside parliament on Wednesday .
E-mail to a friend
Copyright 2007 Reuters .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
つくってわか( った気にな ) る
STM
最近みた TechTalks の中で STM ( Software Transactional Memory ) の話が面白かった .
紹介しようと思ったものの , まず STM の認知度はどれほどなのだろうか .
日本語でぐぐると CPU 会社の宣伝くらいしか見当たらない .
友達にたずねたら " そんなので騒いでいるのは君 と Haskell ユーザくらいだよ " とのたまう .
私の脳内では STM 派とメッセージ通信派が激烈な争いを繰り広げていることになっているけれど , 気のせいなのかもしれない ... 念のため TechTalks を眺める前に少し STM の話を書いてみる .
そのあと話の肴に作ってみた STM のトイ実装 ( 500 行 くらい ) を紹介したい .
Software Transactional Memory の話
ではさっそく STM のことを簡単に説明してみよう .
専門家による一次資料を読みたい人はあとにあるリンクを参照ください.
Software で実装された TM ( Transactional Memory ) のことを STM という .
TM は共有メモリ型の並列プログラミングに使う技術で , ロックを使った排他制御の代替として提案されている .
TM つきの言語ではロックより宣言的な方法でコードパスの原子性を記述できる .
たとえば以下のコードをスレッドセーフにしたいとき...
例 1 01 : void move( Object key ) { 02 : if ( map1.contains ( key ) ) { 03 : Object val = map1.remove(key ) ; 04 : map2.put ( key , val ) ; 05 : } 06 : }
lock を使った排他制御はこうなる :
例 2 01 : void move( Object key ) { 02 : synchronized ( mutex ) { // ここでロック 03 : if ( map1.contains ( key ) ) { 04 : Object val = map1.remove(key ) ; 05 : map2.put ( key , val ) ; 06 : } 07 : } // アンロック 08 : }
典型的な TM ではこんな風に書ける :
例 3 01 : void move( Object key ) { 02 : atomic { // ここからアトミック 03 : if ( map1.contains ( key ) ) { 04 : Object val = map1.remove(key ) ; 05 : map2.put ( key , val ) ; 06 : } 07 : } // ここまでアトミック 08 : }
( 例は他所から引用 , ちょっと改変 )
2 と 3 は大差ないように見えるが , 3 の atomic ブロックは別にロックで実現しなくていい .
ブロック内が( データベースのトランザクションのように)アトミックに動くという 事実だけを指示している .
たとえば 03 と 04 の間で他のスレッドから map1 の key 要素が削除されることはない .
それは TM が保証してくれる .
TM はもともとハードウェアの機能として提案されたが , あとからソフトウェアでも作れることが示された .
敷居の低さもあってか , 今はソフトウェア実装である STM の方が 広く話題に上る気がする .
以下も STM の話が中心になる .
さて , 先に並列の制御がロックでなくてもいいと言ったけれど , 実際はどうなんだろう .
いまのところ , 多くの STM はデータベースでいう楽観的ロックのように実装されているらしい.
つまり atomic ブロックでの変更は一旦トランザクション内に保留しておき , ブロックの最後にまとめて変更をコミットする .
( 普通のロックを使う実装もある . ) コミットの処理では一貫性を検査し , 他のトランザクションと変更が衝突していたら自分の変更を破棄する.
トランザクションはコミットが成功するまでコードを再実行する.
素朴なデータベース ( sqlite とか ) はユーザが明示的に再実行を行うのに対し , STM の再実行はふつう裏で勝手に動く .
ロックに対して TM が有利な点はいくつかある .
一つは処理の組合せに強いこと .
( 論文とかでは composability が高いという . ) 上の例だと , 例 1 は map1 と map2 をスレッドセーフに作っておいても コード全体はスレッドセーフにならない .
例 2 のように更なるロックでガードする必要がある.
これは嬉しくない .
余計なロックにはオーバーヘッドがあるし , なによりユーザが下手にロックを書くとデッドロックの心配がある.
ロックの中でロックを使うコードを呼ぶべきでない. ( オープンコールの原則 . ) TM ではこうしたケースも扱えることになっている .
データベースでいうネストしたトランザクションみたいなものね.
もう一つの利点はスケーラビリティ .
プログラムの並列度があがると 例 2 のような大雑把なロックはボトルネックになる.
かといってロックの粒度を上げるのはバグのもと.
それにどう頑張ってもロックは並列化の妨げになる.
TM では排他制御がコミットの瞬間に局所化されている.
また優れた実装ではノンブロックの技法を使ってコミットを実現する.
そうした方法はスケーラビリティが高いと言われている.
こうした利点から TM は注目を集めているが , 解決すべき問題点も多い .
まずスケーラビリティに優れるとはいえトランザクションにはコストがかかる.
たとえば楽観的ロックを実現するオーバーヘッド.
atomic ブロック内の変更はコピーを保存しておく必要があるし , 衝突検知や再試行も負担だ . なんとか速くしたい .
利便を考えると atomic ブロックのようにうまく言語へ組込みたいが , それも一筋縄ではいかない .
楽観的ロックで実装が使う " コピー " のセマンティクスは ?
全てのオブジェクトをコピーするのは負担が大きそうだけれど , どれをコピーすればいいの? トランザクション中にファイルを書き換えて , そのトランザクションが破棄されたらどうするの?
例外が起きたら ? delete しちゃったオブジェクトは再試行で使えるの?
そもそも TM ってどう作るもんなの ?
( ほんとに作るの ? )
そんな背景を踏まえたところで TechTalks の話 .
この講演で は Intel の研究者が自分のところで作った TM を紹介する .
前半は TM という概念を紹介し , 中盤が STM ランタイムの実装の話 .
それから Intel CPU に命令を追加して実現する HATM ( Hardware Accelerated TM ) の 話へと進む .
ランタイムの実装も面白いけれど , HATM の話が見所 .
英語はさほどクリアでもない .
ランタイムの話 .
このランタイムは C で書かれており , そのランタイムを使った言語拡張が Java と C にある. 講演ではまずランタイムの API ( tmRead ( ) , tmWrite ( ) , ... ) が紹介され , コンパイラが通常のコードをどんな API 呼び出しに変換するかが示される .
ベタな例の他に , コンパイラがそれを最適化するとどうなるかという話もある.
コンパイラの仕事として TM
固有の最適化ができるというのは面白い.
Java でのベンチマークは atomic を使った HashMap と ConcurrentHashMap を比べ , まだ高速化の余地が大きいことを認めている. 仕方ないよね .
アセンブラと高級言語を比べるようなもんだよ...
そこで高速化のために ...と , 話は HATM に進む .
まずハードウェアを使う既存の TM 実装として HTM と HyTM ( Hybrid TM ) を挙げ , それらと HATM を比べる .
HTM や HyTM がトランザクションのモデルを ハードウェアに組み込んでしまうのに対し , HATM の CPU 拡張は最小限でモデルに依存しないという .
HATM ではキャッシュラインの状態を拡張し , 更にその状態を覗ける命令を用意する . ある CPU が書きこんだキャッシュ( =メモリ ) を別の CPU が変更したら , メモリはある種の dirty な状態に移る .
トランザクションはコミット前の衝突検知の冒頭でまずその状態をチェックし , dirty でないなら衝突ナシとみなして残りの検知ロジックを省略できる.
dirty なら書き換えられた可能性があるため , 検知のアルゴリズムを実行する .
この省略のおかげで高速化できるというわけ.
たしかにミニマムな気がする .
そんなかんじで HATM いいよ , という話でした .
リンク :
そのほか STM 関係の記 事
勢いあまっていくつか他の記事を読んだのでついでに紹介しておく.
外野から見た STM の議論にはおおよそ二つの流れがある .
ひとつはどうランタイムを実装するかという話.
HATM 使おうぜ , とかね. もうひとつは STM の仕組みをどうプログラマに提供するかという話.
こっちは atomic ブロックを使うかライブラリにしておくかというような路線 .
両方がセットになっている記事もあるけれど , 前者のランタイムの上に後者のフレームワークが乗るような構成で議論をするものが多い.
私が STM のことを知ったのは去年の ACMQ の記事だった .
( " Unlocking Concurrency " ) 著者は TechTalks に出てき た
Intel の人 .
Transactional Memory の動機から実装の話までを概観する .
わかりやすく入門にいい .
巻末の参考文献も充実している . 私の話はだいたいこれの受け売りです.
その後 " Transactional Memory Bibliography " やぐぐった結果からいくつか記事を読んでみた .
ハードウェアの話には興味がないから STM が中心 .
まずはサーベイ探し .
" A Qualitative Survey of Modern Software Transactional Memory Systems ( Scott , 2004 ) " を読んでみる .
これによると Transactional Memory は 1993 年に登場したアイデアだという : " Transactional Memory : architectural support for lock - free data structures ( Herlihy , 1993 ) " このアイデアはハードウェアによる実装(例のごとくキャッシュラインに細工する) だったが , 後にソフトウェアで実装され直した .
注目を集めるようになったのはノンブロックなアルゴリズムの研究が進み , その応用で高速な STM を作れることが示されたからだという .
ノンブロッキングのモデル
この文脈では OS の 排他制御機能を使わないプログラミングモデルをノンブロッキングという.
ノンブロッキングにも色々な段階がある.
一番強力なモデルは " Wait - freedom " .
どのスレッドも常に走っていて , wait ( ) などで寝て待つことのないモデル.
もう少し緩いのは " Lock - freedom " .
リソースの奪い合いに負けたスレッドが wait ( ) することはあるけれど , 常にいずれかのスレッドが動いているモデル.
デッドロックはおきないけれど , starvation はおこる .
要するにいつまでも必要な資源が手に入らない負け犬スレッドを生むモデル.
一番緩いのが " Obstruction - freedom " .
これは微妙にわかりづらい .
デッドロックは起きないけれどライブロックは起きるモデルらしい.
理論的な保証がないかわりにコードはシンプルになるらしく , " 現実的なアルゴリズム " みたいに銘打った手法で使われている .
そういえばぐぐったらノンブロッキングのアルゴリズムに関する簡易 bib のページがあった .
参考まで :
" Some notes on lock - free and wait - free algorithms "
STM の二つの手法 : アドレス式 / オブジェクト式
もともと HTM を模して作られた STM なので , 当初は素のメモリブロックがトランザクションの対象だった.
そうした STM ではグローバルなハッシュテーブルに , アドレスをキーとしてトランザクション情報( 排他制御のロックとか) を保存する. これをアドレス式 ( word - based ) の STM と呼ぶ. hashtable - based と呼ぶこともある .
よりモダンな STM は VM に組込まれ , 言語のオブジェクトモデルと統合されている.
こうした実装をオブジェクト式 ( object - based ) の STM と呼ぶ. オブジェクト中心の STM ではオブジェクト毎にトランザクションに関する情報を持つ.
たとえば VM が確保したオブジェクトのヘッダ部分にそうしたデータを埋め込んでおく .
Intel の Java 用 STM はこの路線だった .
とはいえ VM を改造するのは大変そう .
Sun の Mark Moir らによる DSTM / DSTM2 は , ライブラリとして pure java で書かれている .
( " A Flexible Framework for Implementing Software Transactional Memory ( Moir , 2006 ) " , ソースコードのダウンロード )
DSTM は研究目的のプラットフォームを意識しており , 様々な実装をプラグして比較できるフレームワークになっている.
API はそれなりに妥当なかんじ .
コード生成を駆使する前提なのは今時の Java っぽい .
コンパイラもいじれずコード生成もできない 場末の C++ プログラマにはオブジェクト式の方法が使えない.
仕方ないからアドレス式の方法を眺めていこう.
Tim Harris らによる STM は オブジェクト式の他にアドレス式の実装も含んでいる .
( " Concurrent programming without locks ( Harris , 2007 ) " , ( プロジェクトのページとソースコード ) 試すのに手頃なのはこのへんかもしれない.
tora : STM のおもちゃ実 装
そんなわけで Harris の libstm をちょっと眺めてみた ... けれど , わけがわからん .
論文を読んだかんじではそんなに難しくもなさそうなので , 試しに作ってみることにした. ( hg , スナップショット ) 先に紹介した新しいやつはちょっと大変そうなので , 少し古い " Language support for lightweight transactions " に載っている疑似コードをぱくり元とした.
また STM の実装に必要な CAS 命令の可搬な実装として Hans Boehm の Atomic_ops ライブラリ を使った .
実用はまったく考えておらず , ギリギリまで手を抜いてある .
論文はよく読むと GC がないとダメとか書いてあるし ...( 結局そこの部分は省略 . ) そんなかんじで性能なんかはひどいはず. かわりに 500 行くらいで書けた .
与太話の延長だと思ってください .
本体のコードは疑似コードを C++ にしただけだから特に面白くもないけれど , テストコードがちょっと楽しい .
// トランザクションで書き換える変数 static tora::word_t g_hello_false_abort = tora::to_word ( 10 ) ; static int test_hello_commit_abort ( ) { tora:: context_t ctx ; // トランザクションの文脈を保持するコンテクスト tora :: addr_t a = &g_hello_commit_abort ; // 書き換える変数のアドレス // トランザクションを二つ同時実行 tora::transaction_t t1( &ctx ) ; tora::transaction_t t2(&ctx ) ; t1.write ( a , tora::to_word ( 20 ) ) ; // t1 で 20 を書く.... assert ( tora ::to_word ( 20 ) == t1.read( a ) ) ; assert ( tora::to_word ( 10 ) == t2.read( a ) ) ; // t2 では変わらない. t2.write( a , tora::to_word (30 ) ) ; // t2 で 30 を書く assert ( tora::to_word ( 20 ) == t1.read( a ) ) ; // t1 は 20 のまま assert ( tora::to_word ( 30 ) == t2.read( a ) ) ; // t2 は 30 に. // コミット前の変数は元の 10 のまま assert ( tora::to_word ( 10 ) == g_hello_commit_abort ) ; t1.commit( ) ; // t1 をいざコミット! // t1 のコミット結果が反映されて 20 になった. assert ( tora::to_word ( 20 ) == g_hello_commit_abort ) ; // t2 がコミットしようとしても衝突して例外ができる ; bool t2_is_bad = false ; try { t2.commit( ) ; } catch ( tora :: bad_consistency_t& ) { t2_is_bad = true ; } assert ( t2_is_bad ) ; assert ( tora ::to_word ( 20 ) == g_hello_commit_abort ) ; // 値はもとの 20 のまま . }
データベースの教科書みたいでしょ .
本当はスレッドを使ったテストもしたいけれど , 何を試せばいいのか見当がつかない. これを使ったノンブロックのデータ構造を実装して , それをテストすればいいのかなあ. 今のベタな状態ではあまりに使い難いから , データ構造を作るならもう少し C++ に易しい API が要るなこりゃ .
先は長い . そのうち気が向いたらまた続きをやろう...
しかし C++ は GC も VM もないし , 言語は拡張しづらいし , ほんとに並列化に向かない言語だなあ .
人力でのスケールには限界があるから , CPU の数が増えたら並列機構を持つ今時の言語に勝てる気がしない .
共有メモリモデルの並列計算が主流になるのだとすると , 高速言語としての C++ はあと数年の命かもね . 嬉しいような悲しいような...
そもそも今まで生き永らえているのが不思議ではあるけれど.
Next lessons :
Make zombie papers / Escape from suicide without risking your life /
Turn water into wine ( or blood ) >>> on vesolt.com
Bomber patrols a risky Russian ' response ' to US , NATO challenges
Russia has eyed expansion of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) into eastern Europe warily for years and has more recently expressed furious opposition to US plans to set up missile defenses in two of Moscow 's former Warsaw Pact allies not far from Russian borders .
by Staff Writers
Moscow ( AFP ) Aug 19 , 2007
Russia 's decision to resume Cold War - style strategic bomber patrols confirms it has revived the political will and economic means to challenge US global dominance and NATO expansion with more than just rhetoric , military analysts say .
But while the move , announced by President Vladimir Putin on Friday , will play well with domestic audiences and may also win the odd plaudit on the international stage , it is fraught with real security risks and ultimately subverts Russia 's own long - term national interests , they say .
" The decision was taken many months ago and specially announced on that day and at that place , " said Pavel Felgenhauer , a respected independent Russian military expert , referring to the site of joint Russian - Chinese military exercises where Putin chose to announce the renewed patrols .
" This of course is very dangerous .
The planes will be flying carrying nuclear weapons and flying in positions from which they can strike the United States , " he told AFP .
Putin did not explicitly state that the bombers would be armed with nuclear weapons , but experts said his deliberate syntax would be recognised by strategic policy planners as code signifying that this would be the case .
The announcement on resumption of bomber patrols was the latest in a string of steps taken in the wake of a key Putin speech in Munich last February that analysts agree are taking Russian strategic policy in a more aggressive but also more predictable direction .
These steps have included retreat from a landmark treaty limiting conventional forces in Europe , high - profile intercontinental missile tests , threats to retarget European cities with nuclear missiles and floating the idea of a permanent naval presence in the Mediterranean Sea .
Experts however differ in evaluating the Kremlin 's motives and soundness of judgment in efforts to strike a more assertive pose on the world stage , with some writing the latest development off as theatrical chest - beating and others seeing a direct and dangerous response to US moves .
" Russia could not fail to respond to the expansion of NATO military infrastructure in Europe , " said Vladimir Yevseyev , senior researcher with the Center for International Security within the Russian Academy of Science .
" It was important to demonstrate again that Russian bombers can reach targets in the United States , " he said in comments published Saturday on a Russian website , www.gazeta.ru.
Russia has eyed expansion of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) into eastern Europe warily for years and has more recently expressed furious opposition to US plans to set up missile defenses in two of Moscow 's former Warsaw Pact allies not far from Russian borders .
Some analysts said Russia 's decision to resume strategic bomber patrols was formulated in direct response to the US missile defense project in particular and to US global domination in general .
While Yevseyev indicated there was military logic in the resumption of long - range strategic bomber patrols , other analysts said the Kremlin 's latest move was more about image than actual power .
" I think it 's a little early to provoke the US in the context of the strategic balance , " said Alexander Pikayev , an independent military analyst .
" It looks nice from a propaganda point of view , but it would have been better to do it a few years later since the United States has vastly more resources than Russia does for responsive measures , " he said .
Yevseyev said Russia 's resumption of strategic bomber patrols would ratchet up tension between Moscow and Washington and was likely to undermine nuclear non-proliferation efforts worldwide .
He insisted however it was wrong to characterise the trend in US - Russian ties as a return to the Cold War , a view that seemed supported by official statements both in Russia and the United States , where officials downplayed concern over the move .
Yet despite apparent official efforts in Moscow and Washington to portray Russia 's increasingly assertive posture as a rational and safe shift in policy direction , Felgenhauer said it was neither .
" The danger is not only that they will be flying with nuclear weapons , like they did during the Cold War , with NATO planes flying alongside and ready to shoot them down instantly , " he said .
" The problem also is that the Russian planes are old .
The crews -- both pilots and ground crews -- are not as well trained as in Soviet times .
There is a higher possibility than before that there will be accidents . "
Apart from being dangerous , the decision to resume the patrols was also close to meaningless as a practical matter , Felgenhauer said .
While Russia officially still has around 70 strategic bombers , only between 20 and 30 are flight - worthy , meaning the renewed strategic air patrols " will not seriously enhance Russia 's nuclear potential , " he said .
earlier related report
Official text of Putin bomber announcement
Herewith the official English - language translation of President Vladimir Putin 's announcement Friday of Russia 's decision to resume strategic bomber patrols after a 15 - year hiatus :
" In 1992 , the Russian Federation unilaterally stopped sending its strategic aviation on long - range patrols .
Unfortunately , not everyone has followed our example and other countries ' strategic aviation continues patrols to this day .
This creates certain problems for the Russian Federation in ensuring its security .
" In response to this situation , I have decided that Russia 's strategic aviation will resume patrols on a permanent basis .
" At midnight , today , August 17 , 14 strategic missile - carriers , support and refuelling aircraft took off from seven air force bases in different parts of the Russian Federation and began a patrol involving a total of 20 aircraft .
As from today , such patrols will be carried out on a regular basis .
These patrols are strategic in nature .
The aircraft involved in today 's patrol will spend around 20 hours in the air , with refuelling , in coordination with the Navy .
" The patrols will take place above all in areas where Russian Federation shipping and economic activity is most active .
" We hope that our partners will show understanding towards the resumption of patrols by Russia 's strategic aviation .
" Our pilots have spent too long on the ground .
We have strategic aviation but it spends practically no time in the air .
Flights took place now and again only during large - scale military exercises , and as you know , we have held very few such exercises over the last 15 years .
As I said , our pilots have spent too long on the ground .
I know that they are happy to now have this chance to begin a new life and we wish them luck . "
Source : Agence France - Presse
A couple of years ago Fritz Ruehr wrote a great article about The Evolution of a Haskell Programmer .
It was written in 2001 , when I was still in high school , some years away from being introduced to the beautiful Haskell programming language .
Currently , I ’m following a course on Advanced Functional Programming at the Utrecht University .
One of the advanced topics tought in that course is about Arrows .
Arrows are an abstraction of computations , just like Monads , but even more general and pretty nice to define stream functions with ( useful for defining logical circuits , for example ) .
I ’m still trying to get my head fully around it , but so far I understand it enough to add a new part to the evolution ( a missing link ! ) : the factorial function defined with arrows .
I will present the code below and sparsely comment on it .
Most of the code is actually from the Advanced Functional Programming lecture .
--
We need this library import Control .
Arrow --
Define a type for stream functions , from one list to another newtype SF a b = SF { runSF :: [ a ] -> [ b ] } --
Define the Arrow functions for the SF type .
Once you 've -- defined these three , you 'll get a lot of other functions for -- free .
instance Arrow SF where arr f = SF ( map f ) SF f >>> SF g = SF ( f >>> g ) first ( SF f ) = SF ( unzip >>> first f >>> uncurry zip ) -- arr lifts a function to the arrow domain -- >>> combines ( connects ) two arrow functions -- first only applies the function to the first part from a -- tuple -- See the http://www.haskell.org/arrows for more -- information and some nice graphics , which will help -- understanding .
Okay , so far , so good .
By defining the ‘ first ’ and ‘>>>’ functions , we get an ‘ &&& ’ combinator for free , which we will use in our final definition .
For example : ‘f &&& g’ can be understood as accepting and input x , then applying both f and g to it , resulting in the output of a tuple of the results .
In short , the type of ‘ &&& ’ is ‘ Arrow arr => arr a b -> arr a c -> arr a ( b , c ) ’ .
--
The type of loop is ( ArrowLoop arr ) => arr ( a , c ) ( b , c ) -> -- arr a b .
A loop makes a function from ' a ' to ' b ' , while -- ' looping ' a ' c ' . instance ArrowLoop SF where loop ( SF f ) = SF $ \\as -> let ( bs , cs ) = unzip ( f ( zip as ( stream cs ) ) ) in bs -- Note in the definition that cs is defined recursive ( !)
This -- is really where the usefulness of Haskell 's lazyness kicks -- in .
Although , because zip and unzip are both strict , we -- have to help it a little , by defining a helper function -- stream .
stream :: [ a ] -> [ a ] stream ~ ( x:xs ) = x:stream xs --
The ~ in the pattern makes the pattern matching irrefutable , -- which means that the pattern will not be interpreted but -- assumed to be correct .
Well , with that out of the way we can get to the good stuff .
We just need two simple helpers to modify the stream .
-- ' Delays ' a stream by prepending an element .
This can be -- used to initialize a stream _before_ the input is read . --
We 're going to need this to use that nasty loop above .
--
Remember , the c was defined recursive , without -- initialization .
delay :: a -> SF a a delay x = SF ( x : ) -- Takes an input and muliplies it .
It ' simply ' lifts an -- uncurried ( * ) to the arrow domain .
--
Example ( try it yourself ) : mul ( 6,7 ) = 42 mul :: Arrow arr => arr ( Integer , Integer ) Integer mul = arr ( uncurry ( * ) )
Okay , now , the basic idea is to supply a stream function with the list of integers and then all we have to do is multiply the result of the first item with the second and multiply that result with the third , etc .
Aha , that ’s easy , we can just use the loop for that .
The only thing we need is in initialization value to start the multiplying with .
For this we use the delay .
Schematicly , our plan looks like the following picture .
You can clearly see how the loop works while the input and the output of the whole is still a single stream .
The dot in the image where the output of ‘ mul ’ splits is actually the ‘ &&& ’ combinator .
The code then looks like this .
facSF :: SF Integer Integer facSF = loop ( mul >>> ( arr id &&& delay 1 ) )
Pretty clean , eh ?
Only thing left is a nice wrapper to run this thing .
-- Using Integers so that for large numbers ( and factorials -- tend to get really large fast ) it still produces nice -- output .
Try ' fac 420 ' for example .
fac :: Integer ->
Integer fac x = runSF facSF [ 1..x ] !!
fromInteger ( x - 1 )
This concludes our fun with Arrows .
Viva la evolucion !
Special Report : Parking Scratching the Surface A city 's downtown core can have attractive destinations worth getting to or it can have abundant parking for people who want to drive to get there .
It can't have both .
By Ryan McGreal
Published January 24 , 2007
Raise the Hammer recently wrote about the Downtown Hamilton BIA 's recommendation to add angled parking at Gore Park because they see a need for additional parking .
How can an organization of downtown businesses that need to attract people downtown to survive be so devastatingly ignorant about how cities work ?
Downtown Hamilton has too much parking .
Rates are among the lowest in Canada and many lots do n't even fill up .
All those parking lots consume valuable land that might otherwise accommodate destinations that attract people to visit and live in the core .
By definition , land is at a premium downtown .
The dense mix of people trying to exchange goods , services , amenities , and housing in a single place means the only way to fit everything is to maximize the available land .
This logic of density , of course , runs exactly counter to the logic of driving in personal cars , which requires plenty of space - for driving lanes , turn lanes , and above all else , parking .
A city 's downtown core can have attractive destinations worth getting to or it can have abundant parking for people who want to drive to get there .
It can't have both .
Parking Purgatory
I 'm standing at the corner of John St. and Rebecca St. and all I can see in every direction is surface parking .
It 's 1:30 PM on a weekday , but the lot beside me is only about two - thirds full , despite its attactive pricing : maximum $ 3 per day .
Surface parking in downtown Hamilton around John St. and Rebecca St. ( Image Credit : Google Maps )
John St. N. runs down this satellite image from the top right to the bottom left .
Crossing it are ( from top ) Wilson St. , Rebecca St. , and King William St. The block framed by John , Rebecca , Hughson , and Wilson has no buildings at all - nothing but parking .
Big chunks of the city are the same : flat blocks with maybe one dilapidated building amid expanses of cheap surface parking .
Another such area , Framed by Main St. W. , Bay St. , King St. W. , and Hess St. , is finally slated for some new development in a sea of parking that consumes more than half the available land area .
Surface parking in downtown Hamilton around Main St. W. and Bay St. ( Image Credit : Google Maps )
Try walking around these cheap parking zones .
It 's deeply disconcerting as a pedestrian to try and navigate a landscape with no placeness , nothing to frame your surroundings and give you a sense of scale .
Framing the Street
Good downtown streets have streetwalls .
A streetwall is what emerges when multi-storey buildings are continuous , porous , and have little or no setback from the sidewalk .
Coupled with strategically placed street trees providing a canopy ' roof ' , that line of buildings makes the street feel like a grand indoor hall .
( Indoor malls took this concept and interpreted it literally . )
It also encourages pedestrians to feel safer , not only because a robust streetwall is likely to draw many pedestrians , people watchers , and lollygaggers - what Jane Jacobs called " eyes on the street " - but also because there are few places for an assailant to hide .
In parking lot purgatory , by contrast , the brave pedestrian has to confront the simultaneous challenges of a unsettling openness and a surfeit of places for people to lurk ( behind all those cars , of course ) , all in an environment with few or no other people in sight .
Last year , Hamilton 's Downtown Renewal Department announced a number of infill projects that will do much to fill in the gaps of our under - utilized downtown land , but we still have a long way to go .
Parked in a Parking Mentality
Unfortunately , the members of the Downtown BIA are still stuck in the mindset that the city needs more parking so it will be easier for people to come downtown .
We do n't need to guess whether this strategy will work .
Go downtown and walk around the half - empty , block - busting parking lots interspersed with boarded - up buildings and the folly of this strategy becomes clear .
The more the city tries to add parking , the more real destinations are destroyed to make room , and the less incentive people have to bother going downtown at all .
Vibrant downtowns attract people no matter how hard it is to drive there .
No one argues that having to pay $ 20 a day to park in downtown Toronto is hurting the core .
Instead , it is thronged with people : walking , taking streetcars and subways , and cycling as well as driving .
( When I hear people complain about driving in Toronto , I smile . )
Hamilton needs to eliminate all that wasteful surface parking .
Replace it with mixed - use buildings that open onto the street .
Build those streetwalls .
Create a sense of place .
People will come to visit and to live , and when they do , they will bring a higher demand for transit with them , which will further reduce the need to drive .
The logic of parking is a vicious cycle .
Reversed , it becomes a virtuous cycle .
Ryan McGreal , the editor of Raise the Hammer , lives in Hamilton with his family and works as a programmer , writer and consultant .
Ryan volunteers with Hamilton Light Rail , a citizen group dedicated to bringing light rail transit to Hamilton .
Ryan wrote a city affairs column in Hamilton Magazine , and several of his articles have been published in the Hamilton Spectator .
His articles have also been published in The Walrus , HuffPost and Behind the Numbers .
He maintains a personal website , has been known to share passing thoughts on Twitter and Facebook , and posts the occasional cat photo on Instagram .
14 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
We 're probably all guilty of the occasional Web slip - up .
Instead of IM - ing your coworker to complain about your wife , you get mixed up and IM your wife herself .
Or instead of forwarding that note from the boss -- along with a snarky comment -- to your friend , you hit reply .
Or for a quick hit of mortification , just take a look at your MySpace page .
Those little missteps , alas , are trifles compared with the most embarrassing incidents on the Web .
Hoping not to embarrass ourselves , we devised a few ground rules for our selection process :
We excluded faux pas that ultimately made the " victim " millions of dollars ( Paris Hilton ) ; nor were we interested in grossly off - putting transgressions ( former Congressman Mark Foley ) .
Still , we 're going to bet that the people and companies we 've picked would love a " do - over " for their mistakes .
Well , maybe not all of them ...
13 . He 'll Huff and He'll Huff and ...
The Smoking Gun pretty much dedicates itself to showing people during their most humiliating moments , but the celebrity mugshots of James Brown , Nick Nolte , and Yasmine Bleeth have nothing on poor Patrick Tribett , who was nabbed for " abusing harmful intoxicants , " namely huffing gold spray paint .
Whether Tribett intentionally chose gold to match his " Warriors " t- shirt or whether the color just makes for a good high remains a mystery ; but his overall look , which recalls a child who has ploughed headlong into a birthday cake , is mortifyingly priceless .
The pose even earned Tribett his own YTMND Web page .
12 . Putting as Much of America Online as Possible
When AOL posted the search records of 658,000 subscribers ( ithe names were redacted and replaced with a unique number ) , the company could n't even fall back on the " It was an accident ! " excuse .
The release was intentional , part of a horribly misguided research project to give academics a data set to see what people were searching for online .
Turns out folks were looking for the usual stuff : American Idol , Britney Spears , cheap plane tickets , and a whole lot of porn .
AOL removed the data , but only after it had been well mirrored , searched , and reported on .
The company 's apologies fell on deaf ears : AOL is currently being sued over the matter .
11 . Meow !
A little Photoshop can be a dangerous thing .
Cat Schwartz had some professional photographs made of herself and posted them on her blog .
As they were obviously cropped into odd shapes , it did n't take long before admirers started to wonder what had been cut out of the pics .
Unfortunately , Schwartz had n't accounted for Photoshop 's thumbnailing system , which creates its ( quite sizable ) thumbnails based on the original shot , not the crop .
Turns out Schwartz was topless during the photo shoot , and had actually posted nude photos of herself online by accident .
What makes this especially embarrassing is that Schwartz works as a technology reporter and commentator and , one would assume , should have known better .
( No , we 're not going to link to it , and yes , you can find it without much trouble ... but you would n't do that , would you ? )
As you can see , the POGO blog is not looking as pretty as it once did .
This is because we have moved our blog to a new site .
The new POGO blog can be found at http://www.pogo.org/blog/.
Our new blog has lots of new features and a closer integration with our site , which also has updated navigation to make it easier for you to find all our content .
In addition , you will be able to find blog posts by author , and it will be easier to share your favorite posts .
We are still transferring our content to our new system .
This blog will serve as an archive of all our old content until everything is trasferred , but no new content will be posted here .
For now , the best way to find old blog posts is through this blog .
Old comments will not be able to be transferred to our new blog .
If you would like to resubmit old comments , they will be approved and published shortly .
There are some slight design changes to our site at pogo.org , which means we have had to change the layout of this blog to a simpler design .
Thank you for your patience while we work through this transition .
We are excited about our new changes , and we hope they will provide you with better access to all of POGO 's content .
On 6/1/07 , Charles Oliver Nutter < charles.nutter@ ...> wrote : >
What would it take to get Mercurial running in Jython ?
It 's been getting > a lot of press and migrators lately , and I 'm sure client - side tooling > for it is a bit weak .
If it could be made to run in Jython , that would > be a super - easy way to start building it into the usual Java - based IDEs . > >
And I know a number of folks at Sun would be very interested in seeing > this happen too , since Sun is actively migrating all OSS projects to Hg. > >
What 's missing ?
I took a look at it yesterday ( saw your query in the # jython logs ) .
*
It has two small C files that would need to be re-written in Java - that does n't look like it would be too hard .
*
The gui UI is tcl - tk -- that would have to be re-written , although the commandline use hopefully wo n't be too hard to get and would be a good start .
*
It is min Python 2.3 so it is likely that the coming release will not be good enough , since it is largely based on 2.2 ( though it has some 2.3 features ) .
However , we have an alpha working with 2.3 level features already .
* util.py and util_win32.py abstract away the platform -- we would likely need a util_java .py *
There are missing libraries that we'd need to look at - for example " gettext " .
*
Hard to say what else might be missing since the above problems prevent the rest from running -- but so far it looks like something that could be done ...
- Frank
Business 2.0 , the technology - aware magazine published by Time Inc. , periodically reminds readers of the importance of backing up computer files .
A 2003 article likened backups to flossing — everyone knows it ’s important , but few devote enough thought or energy to it .
Last week , Business 2.0 got caught forgetting to floss .
On the night of Monday , April 23 , the magazine ’s editorial system crashed , wiping out all the work that had been done for its June issue .
The backup server failed to back up .
Good thing the magazine , based in San Francisco , is a monthly .
“ If it had happened a week later , we would have been in trouble , ” said Josh Quittner , the editor .
But all is well , he said , and the magazine will go to press on schedule next week .
The recovery was made much easier , paradoxically , by a bane of modern business , litigation — or at least the fear of it .
The pro-Israel outlook of the Wall Street Journal and many News Corp. outlets could waver if one of Rupert Murdoch 's sons , James Murdoch , takes the helm of the publishing and broadcasting company , a new book suggests .
The just - published diaries of a communications director for Prime Minister Blair , Alastair Campbell , indicate that James Murdoch launched into a foul - mouthed tirade that suggested that the behavior of Palestinian Arabs was justified by their poor treatment by Israelis .
The outburst occurred at a private dinner with his father , his brother , Lachlan , Mr. Blair , and others at no .
10 Downing St. in January 2002 .
The elder " Murdoch was at one point putting the traditional very right - wing view on Israel and the Middle East peace process and James said that he was talking f nonsense . '
[ Rupert ]
Murdoch said he did n't see what the Palestinians ' problem was and James said that it was that they were kicked out of their f homes and had nowhere to f live , " Mr. Campbell recorded , adding that the News Corp. chairman was " very pro-Israel , very pro-Reagan . "
The prime minister 's aide said James Murdoch 's outburst drew a rebuke from his father , who said " he did n't think he should talk like that in the Prime Minister 's house . "
" James got very apologetic with [ Mr. Blair ] , who said not to worry , I hear far worse all the time , " Mr. Campbell wrote .
James Murdoch , who heads News Corp .'s BSkyB satellite broadcasting division , has been intimately involved in the firm 's $ 5 billion bid to take over Dow Jones , which publishes the Journal .
The elder Murdoch brought James to a critical meeting last month in Manhattan at which the pair sought to win over members of the Bancroft family , which controls Dow Jones .
The takeover talks have been difficult in part because members of the Bancroft family have demanded assurances that there would be no interference with editorial practices at the Journal .
It is widely assumed in financial and publishing circles that James Murdoch would have ultimate responsibility for overseeing operations at the Journal if the takeover bid is successful .
James Murdoch , 35 , is also seen as the most likely heir to chairmanship of News Corp .
when his father , 76 , retires .
Advocates for Israel expressed distress yesterday at the report of James Murodch 's stance on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
" Certainly , it 's troubling , " a spokesman for the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America , Alexander Safian , said .
" It 's a little upsetting to hear that perhaps a son who might eventually have a lot of power is not favorably inclined towards Israel . "
Mr. Safian said several News Corp. properties , including the New York Post and Fox News , usually present a positive image of Israel , though some British outlets have a more mixed record .
He said the Wall Street Journal 's editorial page is presently " very pro-Israel , " but the news pages are not .
A spokesman for News Corp. , Andrew Butcher , and a spokesman for BSkyB , Robert Fraser , declined to comment on Mr. Campbell 's diary entry or on how the Murdochs ' views on Israel could affect the press and broadcasting operations .
A former editor of the Jerusalem Post who now works as an editorial writer for the Wall Street Journal , Bret Stephens , said he expects an agreement being worked out between the Bancrofts and the Murdochs to insulate the Journal from any interference .
" If the Murdochs are intent on preserving our editorial independence , as they profess to be , neither Rupert 's apparent pro-Israel bias nor James 's reported anti-Israel bias should make any difference , " Mr. Stephens said .
A pro-Israel activist in London , Jonathan Hoffman , said he was not aware of other instances where James Murdoch had expressed views on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
" It 's clearly interesting , " Mr. Hoffman said .
While Mr. Safian criticized Israel - related coverage by Sky News , the service James Murdoch currently oversees , Mr. Hoffman said he had no issues with Sky .
" I 've never had any cause for complaint about their coverage on Israel , in contrast to the BBC , " he said .
Mr. Hoffman , an economist , said he considers James Murdoch 's views on Israel fairly typical in Britain , particularly in younger circles .
" The generation that remembers World War II and the Holocaust , that generation knows why Israel was created as a Jewish state and appreciates it , " the activist said .
" I think that makes a huge difference . "
While many Europeans are steeped in anti-Israel sentiment at universities on the Continent , James Murdoch attended Harvard University for about three years before dropping out to start a rap music label .
A pro-Israel lobbyist in Washington , Morris Amitay , said family dynamics may explain James Murdoch 's exuberance but that the outburst did not reflect well on the young executive .
" For a son to say his father was talking fing nonsense , ' that 's a little bothersome particularly in that venue . "
While Rupert Murdoch generally hews to a pro-Israel line , he maintains business contacts in the Arab world .
A Saudi prince who is a major investor in News Corp. , Alwaleed bin Talal , has expressed confidence in the elder Murdoch , as well as James and Lachlan , as future leaders for the company .
In 2005 , Prince Alwaleed reportedly complained to the elder Murdoch that Fox News was labeling disturbances in Paris as " Muslim riots . "
The graphic was later changed to read " civil riots . "
Who Should Read This Book
This is not a technical book .
How to Get the Most Value from this Book
Pulling Back the Curtain
Chapter 1 : Poof , There It Is !
Magic in IT is n’t a Good Thing
Secret 1 : Technology that crosses the line into magic leads to unreasonable trust , illogical thinking , and inappropriate wizardry .
Secret 2 : New technology always disappoints before it succeeds .
Chapter 2 : In IT We Trust ?
Without Trust , IT is Useless
Secret 3 : Information Technology is all about infrastructure , projects , maintenance , strategy , and trust .
Secret 4 : If your company does n’t have a mutually trusting relationship with its IT organization , then IT wo n’t be successful .
Chapter 3 : The Stuff Inside Your Walls
IT Infrastructure
Secret 5 : IT infrastructure is just like the stuff inside the walls of your house .
Secret 6 : There is no “ right ” amount of money to spend on IT infrastructure .
Secret 7 : Almost any software and hardware will work in the short term , but you ’ll see the difference in the long term .
Secret 8 : The fewer Information Technology products you have , the better off you ’ll be , as long as you ’ve chosen good products .
Chapter 4 : Keeping the Pipes Clean
Optimizing your IT Infrastructure
Secret 9 : Keeping software users up - to - date on current versions is much more difficult than you ’d think .
Secret 10 : If you ’re going to use off - the - shelf software , then use the business processes that come with it .
Otherwise you ’re just paving the cow paths .
Secret 11 : The biggest revolution in Information Technology in years is in the area of middleware , integration broker technology , and web services .
Chapter 5 : Think of a Number Between 1 and 1,000
Picking the Right Projects
Secret 12 : A key to successful IT projects is selecting the right projects to do .
A bad project selection process will lead you to the wrong projects .
Secret 13 : Using Return on Investment ( ROI ) for project selection is a ticket to failure unless some stringent rules for calculating ROI are put in place .
Secret 14 : Adding strategic alignment to the project selection process ensures that IT projects move the company in the right direction .
Chapter 6 : You Want It When ?
Making Projects Successful
Secret 15 : Good project management is asking the right questions .
Secret 16 : All projects have risk .
Good projects deal with it , and bad projects just hope for the best .
Secret 17 : Most projects fail for the same reasons .
Chapter 7 : It ’s Not Just Like Tuning Up the Car
Maintenance — Keeping up with Business Change
Secret 18 : Software “ maintenance ” follows different rules from hardware maintenance , and should be planned and budgeted differently .
Chapter 8 : Are We There Yet ?
Creating an IT Strategy
Secret 19 : An IT organization without an IT strategy is like a sailing ship without a destination ; it ’s anybody ’s guess where you ’re going or when you ’ll get there .
But pick a destination , and you ’ll begin to see progress .
Secret 20 : The IT organization should actively participate in setting business strategy in order to leverage their technology expertise for maximum business benefit .
Chapter 9 : Can Nine Women Have a Baby in a Month ?
QCSS — Pick Three
Secret 21 : When you define the requirements for a project , you ca n’t specify quality , cost , schedule and scope ; only three of the four can be required , and the other variable is dependent on the process being used for the project .
Secret 22 : Adding more resources to an IT project ( especially one that ’s running late ) can make it take longer .
Chapter 10 : How’d We Get into this Mess ?
Why is n’t Information Technology Simple ?
Secret 23 : Information Technology seems more complex than it has to be .
Chapter 11 : Simple , Simpler , Simplest
How to Simplify Information Technology
Secret 24 : The easiest way to simplify technology is to not use it at all .
Secret 25 : Lack of focus leads to unnecessary complexity .
Follow the 80 - 20 Rule to focus on the important things , and your IT will be simpler .
Secret 26 : Systems are unwieldy and complex because we let them get that way .
To make systems simpler , keep project scope under control .
Secret 27 : Systems that are built in layers are much easier to manage and change .
Chapter 12 : Your System was Bad Today
Building a Partnership
Secret 28 : The Information Technology organization is your partner in creating and managing systems and data , with shared responsibilities .
Secret 29 : Emotionally , it ’s more difficult to deal with a system problem that you inherit in a new job .
Chapter 13 : Parlez vous Anglais ?
Dealing with IT People
Secret 30 : IT people are very focused on the how , not on the what .
The most common mistakes they ’ll make are errors caused by doing the wrong things , not by doing things wrong .
Secret 31 : The best way to communicate with an IT organization is to talk to members of the organization as if they ’re from a foreign country and do n’t speak English very well .
Secret 32 : Motivate an IT organization the same way you ’d motivate any other organization , by measuring its contribution to business success .
Chapter 14 : Sprechen sie Business ?
Dealing with Business People
Secret 33 : Although business people want long - term success , they easily get caught up in the apparent urgency of shorter - term goals .
The most common mistakes they ’ll make are errors caused by a focus on inappropriate shorter - term goals .
Secret 34 : Like IT people , some business people are also somewhat focused on the how , but often inappropriately so .
Overly - specific definition of system requirements by the business is a leading cause of excessive IT spending and low IT morale .
Secret 35 : Good IT analysis work can ensure that the real problem is being solved – not just a symptom .
But a business focus on symptoms will prevent work on the real problems .
Secret 36 : Telling someone in the IT organization about a problem does n’t mean that the IT organization is committed to fix it ; but business people tend to see things that way .
Secret 37 : The best way for IT to communicate with a business user is by using the language of the business – not the language of IT .
Chapter 15 : Have Your “ Guy ” Do It
Should IT be Outsourced ?
Offshored ?
Secret 38 : Parts of IT can be outsourced or offshored , but it ’s a business decision , with risks and rewards .
Chapter 16 : Who ’s the Designated Driver ?
How to Improve Your IT Organization
Secret 39 : When you look past the technology itself , IT is all about change : changing the business in ways that make it more efficient and effective .
Secret 40 : To increase the effectiveness of an IT organization , align direction , leadership and resources .
Secret 41 : Achieve your IT objectives faster by focusing on what ’s truly important .
Focus includes preventing work on things that are n’t relevant or productive .
Secret 42 : To increase the efficiency of an IT organization , optimize people , processes , and tools .
Secret 43 : To achieve IT objectives which are important but not critical , take advantage of your company ’s “ wind direction . ”
Chapter 17 : Putting It All Together
Secret 44 : We would n’t be where we are if we ’d planned it ; but now that we ’re here , we do n’t have to stay .
Endnotes
Acknowledgements
Index
About the Author
The following analysis tries to reason to what extent this is really true , and at what point serious consequences will set in .
When oil prices reached last year ’s maximum without causing more than a slight slowdown of economic growth , many pundits claimed publicly that the absence of severe consequences were due to a growing independence of GDP creation from oil in our more efficient and more service - oriented economies .
This is a guest post by user Davidyson , who is living in Potsdam , Germany , peak oil aware since May 2004 , computer scientist , journalist , consultant , project manager and web specialist , currently freelance consultant , closely acquainted with several senior people in the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research .
Unless our governments undertake rationing of oil use and / or tax to destroy demand , the main effect of peak oil will be a rising oil price .
Under fundamental market mechanics , it will rise so high that it destroys all the potential demand that can no longer be satisfied with the declining flow of oil .
In free market economies , demand always equals supply .
If oil production slides , something ’s got to give .
But who is going to give ?
Demand destruction comes to the people and from the people .
All product and service industries , and even the bureaucracy and the military ultimately exist to fulfil some ( often only perceived ) consumer need .
Only if price increases can no longer be passed on through the supply chain to the end user because a too large number of potential buyers can no longer afford the product , pressure to deal with the oil shortage is exercised .
There are three strategies that an end user can use to deal with rising energy prices :
1. Continue your lifestyle on credit and hope the crisis is going to go away soon .
2. Reprioritize spending – stop or reduce spending in one area to be able to continue spending in another .
Of course , people would usually assign a higher priority to satisfaction of the more basic needs and the retaining of the more important status symbols .
Spending for other needs would be scaled back .
Most people would rather hold on to their homes than continue their weekly visits to the nail studio .
3 . Increase efficiency and conserve – downsize , use things longer , eliminate frivolous waste , invest in more efficient technology , recycle .
Now what if you cannot seriously reprioritize , because most of your spending is vital ?
And you cannot increase efficiency , because the technology is not available in your country or you cannot afford the upfront investment for more efficient technology , even if it exists ?
And of course , because you had to get by with a minimum of oil / energy / goods so far , you have already squeezed out all behavioural efficiency you can .
Waste is a privilege of the affluent .
So , first , high oil prices destroy demand from people who physically just cannot pay the price , no matter how urgently they would need the stuff .
This will mainly apply to very poor people around the world ( not necessarily only in developing countries ) with a dependency on oil but without capacity to compensate for drastically rising prices .
( Of course , people living without any oil dependency will be the least directly affected . )
Imagine you own a small vegetable farm in Africa .
You really need this one tank full of gasoline to transport your ripe produce to a market to make money and so to be able to buy vital supplies .
You drive to the petrol station on your last couple of drops and find that the price has risen significantly since last week and you just do n’t have the money to pay for enough gallons / litres to get you to the market and back again .
Your produce will quickly rot in the sun , destroying your investment and probably even your livelihood .
Even if you make it to the market somehow by quickly borrowing money to buy the fuel , your potential buyers will likely be so stretched that they cannot afford the usual amount of shopping and certainly not at the increased prices you have to ask for to compensate for the more expensive gasoline and to pay back your loan .
The inflation imported with the oil cannot easily be compensated by the local economy – the country ’s value creation just cannot keep pace with the rapid energy price increases .
Your farm becomes unprofitable :
You must ask for high prices , which most of the market cannot bear .
A perverse situation : some food still finds buyers at very high prices , but their demand is limited .
Most of the food is unsaleable at a profitable price .
In poor countries , if you do n’t have a family to support you , going broke as a small farmer is an existential threat : you loose your farm , get displaced , perhaps in your desperation you must take on slave - like work for the remaining affluent , and / or even send your children into the streets as beggars or sell them as prostitutes or child soldiers .
And what if significant parts of the rural population get caught in the death spiral of economic decline ?
Less and less food reaches the urban areas due to reduced transport and given - up farms , food prices explode even more .
People starve ; the urban survivors eventually get dependent on foreign food aid – if it ever comes .
The “ developed ” countries can’t send corn anymore ; they need it to substitute ethanol for gasoline .
How does the soon ensuing chaos in the poor countries affect the developing or the developed countries ?
“ Poor ” countries are actually often wealthy in terms of resources which the developed countries need .
The more chaos in the countries of origin of these resources , the more likely supply disruptions and therefore unanticipated shortages become – see Nigeria .
Okay , now let ’s pretend these problems are far away and the side - effects for “ us ” in the developed world can be handled – even if only by military intervention .
But now the thumbscrew of depletion turns again : demand destruction that happened among the poorest gets overtaken by a further decline in oil supplies .
Who ’s next ?
At some point , the three strategies described above to deal with rising prices will have to be adopted in the developed world , too .
Increasing efficiency and conservation can both have a stimulating and a depressing effect on the economy :
If investments in new technology ( cars , appliances , energetic home improvement etc. ) are made , this acts as stimulation .
One dampening side - effect :
The energy embodied in the old technology must be considered “ stranded ” .
Even recycling , if it ever happens , can only recover a part of it , according to the laws of thermodynamics .
So there would be a surge in energy demand to develop and build all this new technology , increasing price pressures even further .
Adopting behavioural efficiency , even if just as a reduction in discretionary spending , most likely acts as a depressing factor for the economy : as products get used longer , energy gets used with more awareness , and less and less luxury products and services get consumed , whole industries loose their viability , starting with those with a low original profitability .
Now does a reduced energy intensity ( the amount of energy used to produce one unit of GDP ) make us less vulnerable to oil price shocks ?
As is the so often the case , it depends .
Clearly , it makes product prices less volatile – if energy makes up only , say , 2 percent of a product ’s price , doubling the energy price will make the product only about 2 percent more expensive .
This sort of price increase can often be compensated by optimising other inputs into the product or by just lowering the expected profit margin .
But there is another scenario .
For many products , especially in highly competitive markets of commodity products , profit margins are low , and often , energy contributes much more than 2 percent to the price .
This would not be a big problem if producers all suffered the same and if they could change their product ’s price quickly to just pass on the price hike to their clients .
Some manufacturers will have made longer - term fixed - price energy contracts which protect them from price volatility , some other producer ’s contracts will just happen to end as the price jump happens and yet others will be generally less energy efficient than their competitors or operate on a smaller profit margin or according to a tight amortisation plan .
Also , the price for the products they sell cannot always be adjusted with short notice , especially in volume product industries .
So , the effect of sharp price increases is not being felt evenly within any given industry .
Manufacturers with bad timing for recontracting energy purchases , with fixed sales prices , low energy efficiency and small margins will suffer the most .
If they cannot adapt quickly , they might withdraw now unprofitable or uncompetitive products from the market or even go bust .
A real shortage of these products could result , as the competitors who are still in business cannot arbitrarily increase production to compensate .
If the products are part of a longer manufacturing chain , the consequences would “ spill ” to all dependent manufacturers – and possibly their complete value creation would be endangered .
The luxury products , the consumer service industries and the entertainment industry will probably suffer most , in fact , they will suffer a double whammy : their energy bills will increase while clients are less likely to use their often not - so - vital services , due to re-prioritisation of their spending .
Here , some fairly high “ value ” creation ( or : GDP creation ) gets threatened due to relatively small energy price increases .
Another facet is the likely behaviour of the credit industry .
How likely is it that you as an investor get cheap credit ( or any credit at all ) if the bank is fully aware that the economy is under increasingly serious strain ?
And even if you get and take the expensive , risk - adjusted credit , how likely is it that you will be able to pay it back in a shrinking economy ?
Would you even dare to invest , once you become aware that no one can tell you with any useful degree of certainty a ceiling for energy prices that you can use as input for your business plan ?
Of course , actual shortages ( “ you ca n’t get the energy almost no matter how much you pay ” ) would wreak the biggest havoc : complete industrial value creation chains would be paralysed even if only a single , but vital raw material or half - finished product would no longer be available due to energy supply disruptions .
With just - in - time manufacturing , many manufacturers could survive such a blow only for days or maybe weeks at best .
Key West , Florida
Some of the nation ’s leading journalists gathered in Key West , Fla. , in May 2007 for the Pew Forum ’s biannual Faith Angle Conference on religion , politics and public life .
Richard Bushman , an emeritus professor at Columbia University and author of several books about Mormon history , discussed the relationship between The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints and American politics over the past two centuries .
He addressed Mormonism ’s shift from 19th - century radicalism to 20th - century conservatism and the significance of this religious heritage for presidential candidate Mitt Romney .
A lively question - and - answer session with journalists followed his presentation .
Other Forum resources on The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints include an interview with two general authorities of the church and an analysis of public opinion on presidential politics and the Mormon faith .
Speaker :
Richard Bushman , Governeur Morris Professor of History emeritus , Columbia University
Moderator :
Michael Cromartie , Vice President , Ethics & Public Policy Center ; Senior Advisor , Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life
MICHAEL CROMARTIE :
No matter what your views are of former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney , we can at least be glad that he is still doing well in the polls because it makes our topic all the more interesting .
One of the reasons we picked this subject , obviously , is the ongoing discussion in the current political campaign .
But as we thought about a speaker to address the topic , the one name that came up constantly was Professor Bushman , who is perhaps the leading historian and scholar in America on the subject .
We are delighted that Professor Bushman can be with us .
His biography of Joseph Smith , Rough Stone Rolling , is just out in paperback .
Professor Bushman , thank you so much for coming .
RICHARD BUSHMAN : Thank you , Michael .
It ’s wonderful to meet in person all of these bylines .
I will tell you that my strongest impression is how young the group is on the whole , except for a few grizzled old sages like Kenneth Woodward down at the other end of the table .
KEN WOODWARD , NEWSWEEK : I love it , thank you .
( Laughter . )
BUSHMAN : I was struck by the immense cultural power that resides in all of these young people .
In fact , I asked Michael if during the second half of the Q&A I might take over the meeting for a while .
Instead of you asking impossible questions and me generating imaginary answers to them , I would begin to ask you some questions , because I would be very interested in knowing how you situate Mormonism and your estimate of what is happening on the religious scene generally .
I think the starting point is suitable : Mitt Romney ’s Mormonism .
It brings to a head the general question of how Mormonism bears on politics and democratic government .
Romney is not the only eminent Mormon politician .
I know many of your questions will be about specific aspects of Mormonism .
Ken has mentioned some of them in a recent piece that he did .
But I think I ’ll leave those for the Q&A period and instead give you a historical perspective on Mormonism ’s relationship to politics going way back .
I ’ll also try to speculate a little bit about its possible bearings on Mitt Romney .
I ’m not altogether persuaded that Mormonism has a huge influence on his concrete political thinking .
It probably has an influence on his attitudes toward participation in government in some fundamental way , but that is a question that perhaps we can discuss later .
I think it would be useful for you to see how Mormonism has related to politics over its century and three - quarters of existence , which will permit us to speculate about how this might all bear on Romney .
Some of it is directly relevant .
It is a little bit difficult to talk about Mormonism and its relationship to Romney because it ’s so unclear what Mormonism is .
We have divided views of Mormons .
On the one hand , Mormonism and Mormons are suspect , they are forbidding , and under the nice exterior there is something menacing .
On the other hand , Mormonism is the archetypical American religion .
Mormons are ideal model citizens , and they are very nice people .
I often hear that .
Ken Woodward said last night , where in the Bible do they use the word “ nice ? ”
So maybe this is particularly – ( laughter ) .
WOODWARD : He is taking that to heart .
BUSHMAN : Yeah , that is right .
That split image applies also to Mormonism ’s history , which also divides right down the middle .
We think of the 19th century as a time when Mormonism was radical in about every dimension you can imagine , while in the 20th and 21st centuries Mormons are considered conservative in about every dimension you can imagine .
When Vice President Dick Cheney wanted a place to deliver a commencement address to a safe audience , he wrote to Brigham Young University .
He gave the talk there this year .
The interesting thing is that this switch from radicalism to conservatism occurred in such a short period of time , from about 1890 , when polygamy ended , to about 1910 , after the Reed Smoot hearings , which I ’ll talk about a little more later on .
So the question is , Which is the true Mormonism ?
Which is the one that is most likely to affect Mitt Romney ?
Let me talk first about 19th century radical Mormonism and point out some aspects of it that do n’t always get emphasized in histories of Mormonism but were absolutely critical to its original impetus .
The radicalism , of course , is basically theological .
You have to say , at the very least , that Joseph Smith , Mormonism ’s founding prophet , was daring and bold ; perhaps you could say he was extravagant and rash .
He seemed to be willing to challenge virtually everything in American culture .
Beginning with the theological : he claimed to write new Scripture .
His Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants broke the monopoly of the Bible on the word of God .
He even claimed he could revise the Bible , the most sacrosanct text in the Western world , through his own inspiration .
He added new passages and corrected the language where he chose , which was , by any measure , a heaven - daring act for a Christian to undertake in the 19th century .
In the social sphere , he breached Victorian moral conventions with the introduction of plural marriage , which nearly cost him his wife and nearly brought the church down .
A lot of church members were horrified .
In all of those ways , he was clearly radical .
But let me get a little closer to politics by talking about his daring in the re-envisioning of society .
What is not recognized about Joseph Smith is that there is a very deep strain of what I am calling “ civic idealism ” in him , by which I mean the construction of a new kind of urban society that would embody Christian principles more thoroughly .
The Mormon Church was organized in April of 1830 .
Within six months , Joseph Smith added to the church organization a civic organization , which he called the City of Zion .
He attached it to the Book of Revelation ’s reference to the New Jerusalem .
In 1831 , a site for the city was chosen in Independence , Mo .
It was to be a place where the saints were to gather .
It was a “ city at the end of time ” in that it was to function primarily as a place of refuge in the calamities that were certain to accompany the return of Christ in the last day .
He planned that city , laid out a plat for it and instructed his people to gather there –not in a rush but in good order and in due time .
From that point on , the creation of a City of Zion was at the very heart of Joseph Smith ’s work .
In fact , he called it “ The Work . ”
By those words , he meant gathering people from out of the world into the city , instructing them in the ways of God , building a temple and then sending out missionaries again to gather more .
When one of these cities reached its capacity , which he estimated at 15,000 to 20,000 people , they were to build another city and , as he said , “ so fill up the world in these last days . ”
His commitment to this city over against congregational worship is dramatized by the fact that never in his life did Joseph Smith build a chapel .
When the population of Kirtland , Ohio grew large enough – there were hundreds of Mormons in the town – that members came to him and suggested they ought to put up a little meeting place , he said , “ No ; I have another plan , ” and proposed the Kirtland Temple .
Its two chapels stacked on top of another served as a meetinghouse , but it bore the name “ temple ” and served purposes that went far beyond a simple meetinghouse .
From then on , wherever he built a city , he built temples – and never a chapel .
In Nauvoo , Ill. , the 5,000 to 10,000 people in town met outside in groves of trees or , in cold weather , in houses or other buildings .
They were very casual about Sunday worship .
Someone was selected as the moderator and he called people out of the congregation on the spot to preach .
There was no pastor for many of these congregations .
The organization at this level was thought of as temporary .
The little branches of the church were really holding pens in preparation for the time when Mormons would all move to one of the gathering cities .
The city was meant to be not just a gathering place but an ideal society .
One Scripture describes it this way : “ And the Lord called his people Zion , because they were of one heart and one mind , and dwelt in righteousness ; and there was no poor among them . ”
It was to be a unified , egalitarian , righteous society .
Everyone was to live there .
Farmers were to live in its bounds , their farms outside the city and their houses inside .
A population of 15,000 to 20,000 seems small to us , but it was n’t small against the scale of cities in that time .
St. Louis had 10,000 ; Cincinnati , the largest city in the West except for New Orleans , had 30,000 in 1830 .
So 15,000 or 20,000 is genuine urbanization ; it ’s not a little village , but a city .
To deal with the poor , everyone who came to the city was to consecrate everything – all of their property – to the bishop of the church , who in return would deed back to them properties sufficient for their needs .
It was an equalization program .
In fact , the word “ equal ” has a fairly strong place in Joseph Smith ’s revelations .
For example : “ That you may be equal in the bonds of heavenly things , yea , and earthly things also , for the obtaining of heavenly things .
For if you are not equal in earthly things ye cannot be equal in obtaining heavenly things . ”
At another point , he made the drastic statement that inequality was a sign that the whole world lay in sin .
These Cities of Zion were to create unified , egalitarian societies and eventually fill up the world .
Joseph Smith ’s thought evolved as he went through life .
Initially , the city was just a place for Mormons , a “ come - ye - out - of - Babylon - into - Zion ” gathering place .
But by the time he got to Nauvoo , Joseph Smith saw the city as more open .
One of the first ordinances passed by the Nauvoo council was a toleration act specifying that all faiths were welcome in the city and listing a number of them : Presbyterians , Baptists , Methodists , Latter - day Saints , Catholics , Jews and “ Mohammedans , ” as Muslims were called .
There was probably not a Mohammedan within a thousand miles , but it was a gesture of openness to every religion .
Nauvoo , then , was to be a diverse city , indicating that Joseph Smith ’s civic idealism went beyond his own people to envision a much more cosmopolitan society .
Nauvoo did n’t develop that way ; it came to an end too soon , but that is what he projected .
Up to this point , Joseph Smith ’s reformist impulses were restricted mainly to the church and its program .
But during the Nauvoo period – a seven - year window from Nauvoo ’s founding in 1839 to the Mormons leaving there in 1846 – he expanded the city ’s scope .
Smith also got more involved in politics .
Initially , he was disdainful of politics the way all millenarians are , taking the attitude that the nations of the earth are going to crumble and the kingdom of the Christ , as a Messiah , would arise .
Smith was forced into politics by the abuse that the Mormons received .
As soon as they were driven out of their first city site in Independence , Mo. , he turned to the government for redress .
He never obtained it .
No level of government , from local justices of the peace to governors to the president of the United States – to whom he constantly appealed – ever came to the defense of the Saints .
But Joseph Smith became a great devotee of constitutional rights because they seemed like his only hope .
He said some very extravagant things about the Constitution being God - given because of those rights and became quite conversant in constitutional matters .
He even visited the president of the United States , Martin Van Buren , in the White House in 1839 .
Gradually , then , Joseph Smith backed into American politics .
In the fall of 1843 , as the 1844 campaign began to take shape , the authorities of the church wrote to all of the known political candidates asking them about their views of the Mormons , and none returned a satisfactory answer from the Mormon point of view .
The Mormons wanted a pledge that these candidates would protect them if they were attacked again , and they could n’t get it .
Joseph Smith was nominated as a protest candidate in February of 1844 .
Like other protest candidates , he began to warm to his work and got quite excited about it .
He may have dreamed for a moment that through some strange concatenation of events , he would get elected .
Every candidate has to dream such things .
His involvement in politics was manifested in a political platform of which he was very proud .
He would bring it out whenever he had visitors and read from it .
It is an interesting document because it represents a man whose world had been his own people , whose own project had been to create a kingdom of God , and who now had to turn his mind to politics .
He began by citing the Declaration of Independence , the famous passages about all men being equal and endowed by their creator with inalienable rights , which of course could be a lead - in to religious rights .
But he did n’t use it that way .
Instead , in the very next sentence , he talked about the obvious contradiction : “ Some two or three million people are held as slaves for life because the spirit in them is covered with a darker skin than ours . ”
His platform called for the elimination of slavery , proposing that the funds from the sale of Western lands , a major source of revenue along with the tariff in those days , be devoted to purchasing slaves from their masters in order to avoid the conflict that would otherwise ensue .
Josiah Quincy , soon to be mayor of Boston , visited Joseph Smith in the spring of 1844 when this platform was in circulation .
Much later , Quincy wrote about that visit , saying that Joseph Smith ’s proposal for ending slavery resembled one that Emerson made 11 years later in 1855 .
As Quincy put it , writing retrospectively in the 1880s , “ We , who can look back upon the terrible cost of the fratricidal war which put an end to slavery , now say that such a solution of the difficulty ” – Joseph Smith ’s and Emerson ’s – “ would have been worthy a Christian statesman .
But if the retired scholar was in advance of his time when he advocated this disposition of the public property in 1855 , what shall I say of the political and religious leader who had committed himself , in print , as well as in conversation , to the same course in 1844 ? ”
I cite this example to illustrate the radical tone of Joseph Smith ’s political thought , which seemed to carry over from his religious radicalism .
It extended to prison reform and better treatment of seamen , big issues in the 1840s and 1850s .
Smith seemed to identify with all of the underdogs in society .
I think that was why he thought he might get elected – because the little people , the beat - up people , would rise and select him .
This part of his platform accords perfectly with what modern people like us would have liked a candidate in 1844 to say .
But Smith went beyond our sense of political propriety in other parts of his platform : he blended his role as candidate with his role as prophet .
He was already mayor of Nauvoo and lieutenant general of the Nauvoo Legion when he ran for the presidency .
He seemingly had no sense that church and state should be separated .
He gave no hint that he was going to give up his religious offices if he were to become president of the United States .
In the closing peroration of his platform , Joseph Smith indirectly , but I think clearly , offered himself to be the priest of the people , as well as the president .
“ I would , as the universal friend of man , open the prisons , open the eyes , open the ears , and open the hearts of all people to behold and enjoy freedom , unadulterated freedom ; and God , who once cleansed the violence of the earth with flood , whose Son laid down his life for the salvation of all his father gave him out of the world , and who has promised that he will come and purify the world again with fire in the last days , should be supplicated by me for the good of all the people . ”
He would be the intercessor as priest as well as prophet .
Of course , that is point at which moderns part company with Joseph Smith .
We do n’t want a prophet with his authoritative words from God governing the nation .
That seems to lead to the exclusion of unbelievers and the repression of naysayers .
All the alarm bells go off when we see these roles merging .
But I would appeal to you , before you turn away completely from that idea , to pay heed to the underlying theme of that platform and that proposal .
I think it can be argued that Joseph Smith actually felt he was fulfilling one of America ’s dreams .
We think of the American dream as the promise of ascent for the wretched refuse of the teeming shores – the promise that in America , everyone has a chance to prosper and to achieve respectability .
That is a dream for the individual .
But there also is a corporate dream , whether we like it or not , and that is of a righteous America , a people who are blessed of God – an America not too far from Joseph Smith ’s Zion , where the people are of one heart and one mind and dwell in righteousness and there are no poor among them .
There is an American dream of a goodly society .
Joseph Smith ’s word for his own political philosophy was “ theo - democracy ” : God and the people .
This corporate American dream includes a virtuous political leadership with the unselfish purpose of seeking , without regard for personal good , the public good – not just to manage the varying interests of society but to bless people .
This is the way Joseph Smith put it : “ The wisdom which ought to characterize the freest , wisest and most noble nation of the 19th century should , like the sun in its meridian splendor , warm every object beneath its rays .
And the main efforts of her officers , who are nothing more nor less than the servants of the people , ought to be directed to ameliorate the condition of all , black or white , bond or free . ”
I think you are aware of the aspiration of the Puritans for a “ city on a hill ” notable for its goodness more than its wealth .
The dream of a goodly society lies behind famous pictures like “ The Apotheosis of George Washington , ” which depicts Washington ascending to heaven accompanied by angels , just like Mary , turning him into a secular saint , almost .
It is evident in the post - Civil War rhetoric describing Abraham Lincoln as the savior of the people , one who sacrificed his life for the nation ’s freedom .
All of that is in our background and is part , I think , of America ’s image of itself .
I think it is manifest even in 21st century cynicism about politics .
For what is the starting point of cynicism but hope for the good politician who serves the public , a hope that is forever being thwarted , leading to disillusionment ?
As concluding and capping evidence , think of President Bartlett on “ The West Wing ” – ( scattered laughter ) – a secular saint if there ever was one .
Not only is he wise and good in all of his political judgments , he also has a large heart that encompasses the well - being of everyone around him .
Or think of the other cliché figure : the young political intern who dreams of finding a candidate who will redeem the nation and who can be followed to the ends of the earth .
What I ’m suggesting is that the image of goodness is in our collective imagination ; it ’s present in our national culture .
In fact , our finest political rhetoric has appealed to this grand corporate dream of America as a goodly nation .
It was Kennedy ’s gift to speak in that voice ; to a lesser extent it was Reagan’s .
And in my opinion , Joseph Smith simply expressed in his own way that underlying aspiration when he offered himself as a prophet president .
The French dream of grandeur , we ’re always saying .
Americans dream of righteousness and being a good nation .
How , then , does all that apply to Mitt Romney ’s candidacy ?
The question in my mind is , Can he tap into this vein of civic idealism in American culture ?
His 19th - century Mormon heritage gives him plenty to work with .
And I can assure you , from what I know of him , it ’s his natural bent to seek to be a good president in the moral sense .
But the question is , Is his Mormonism a help or a hindrance ?
One of the problems of speaking to this kind of latent idealism is finding a language that will work .
Leaders have traditionally invoked the Bible , but in a multi-religious nation , how much longer is that rhetoric going to be usable , especially when the political left is so worried about the Christian right and concerned that any reference to righteousness shades over into repressive self - righteousness ?
Romney , like every politician , faces the problem of finding a language , but he has the double handicap of being a Mormon .
Every word hinting at religious idealism will sound Mormon , even to his natural allies among conservative Christians .
How can they trust words that sound like they may have emanated from Salt Lake City ?
I , for one , will be listening for how Romney calls Americans to their higher destiny .
I think Americans yearn for that call , especially now after all the scandals of the last few years and the defamation of our character around the world .
But the question is , Can Romney find words that will sound American rather than Mormon ?
Let me now turn to the other issue I spoke of earlier : the shift from radicalism to conservatism in Mormon history and the implications of that change for Romney in 21st - century politics .
Brigham
Young did not claim to be a prophet like Joseph Smith .
He claimed to be inspired and have God ’s will revealed to him in the administration of the church ; he did n’t claim to look into heaven as Joseph Smith had .
He did , however , perpetuate Joseph Smith ’s notion of Zion .
In Joseph Smith ’s time , Zion was a city where people gathered – first Independence , Mo. , then Far West , Mo. , and then Nauvoo , Ill .
Under Brigham Young , Zion became a collection of small village - cities up and down the Great Basin , all of them following the same plat that Joseph Smith had laid out for the City of Zion .
Zion was transformed from a city into hundreds of villages spread across the Western landscape .
Instead of the equalization of property , Brigham Young instituted a series of varied cooperatives .
Some of them were very radical : common cooking and common eating in a single dining hall .
Others were simply cooperatives where farmers would pool their resources to perform the functions of the middleman in marketing farm products .
The exact form differed from Joseph Smith ’s time , but the same zeal remained to create a society dedicated to God .
One of the most eminent of these cooperatives was a big department store that has recently fallen into the hands of Macy ’s .
It was called Zion ’s Cooperative Mercantile Institute , or ZCMI .
Over the doorway of ZCMI were the words “ Holiness to the Lord , ” precisely the words engraved on the front panel of the Salt Lake City Temple .
The idea was to consecrate ordinary economic life to God .
And it was n’t just the consecration of economic life , but of political life , too .
Brigham
Young was appointed as the first governor of Utah , and he would have remained in that position if he had n’t been ousted by the federal government .
The church set up schools , it managed the courts , it regulated the irrigation system – no small thing – and it created a political party , the People ’s Party , distinct from Republicans and Democrats .
All told , the charges that Utah was a theocracy were well founded .
It was a theocracy , a merger of church and society under God .
Two complaints about Utah were directed against Mormons in the 19th century .
One was polygamy , of course , but the other was theocratic rule by Brigham Young , his successors and the presidency of the church .
This was the radical Mormonism of the 19th century , descended from Joseph Smith and continued by Brigham Young .
It included a far - reaching social critique .
Young criticized capitalism as often as he did philandering .
Mormons were sympathetic to European revolutionaries in 1848 .
They saw themselves as a society set against American society with all of its inequities and iniquities .
It was a society that , as we know , was doomed to defeat .
For 40 years , Mormons resisted attempts of the federal government to end polygamy and to destroy theocracy , but finally they gave in .
The government began imprisoning Mormon men who had more than one wife and denying Mormons their civil rights .
They could n’t serve on juries , polygamists could not vote in elections , the government began to escheat all Mormon property – including their precious temples – and the church was actually unincorporated .
By the late 1880s , it looked like the church , as a church , would be obliterated .
That intense pressure from the federal government was backed up by every branch of government , including the Supreme Court , which was , in Joseph Smith ’s spirit , the Mormons ’ last best hope .
They believed to the end that the Constitution was on their side and that they were simply claiming religious freedom , but the Supreme Court knocked down their claims one after another .
Eventually they saw it was hopeless .
In 1890 , the president of the church announced that they would no longer practice plural marriages .
It was n’t just polygamy that Mormons gave up ; they dismantled the whole theocratic structure .
The People ’s Party was dissolved and Mormons were instructed to join one or another of the national political parties .
They were sometimes assigned : “ You become a Democrat ; you become a Republican . ”
There are Democrats in Utah to this day who are Democrats only because their great - grandfathers were told they should be .
They also began to give up all of the church businesses .
Not immediately , but steadily over the course of the 20th century , they were not only turned into capitalist enterprises , but the church divested itself of ownership .
The church elementary school system was given up .
The hospitals have now all been turned into private corporations .
All told , the Mormon theocracy was leveled .
Mormonism gave up on its radicalism because the United States government beat it out of them .
They were forced to the point of extinction and then realized it all had to be abandoned to preserve their existence as Mormons .
As a result , everything became secular .
Mormons , in reaction to this treatment , turned to laissez faire liberalism , having no confidence in the government .
Their history gave them no reason to trust the United States government as an agency of the people .
The old idealism revived during the Depression when the Mormon welfare system was organized to care for the Mormon poor .
It was an elaborate system of productive organizations to grow and can fruit , grow sugar beets , make shoe polish and glue , the whole works .
But that was all done within the church ; it was sectarian reform and was not advanced through the government .
In fact , it was considered a sign of shame to go on the government dole .
Mormons were told to rely on the church and their own families first .
How does all of this bear on Romney ?
I think the obvious question is , How far will he trust government when his Mormon heritage teaches him to be distrustful of government ?
His instincts will be skeptical .
Joining that problem to the problem of finding a language of idealism raises the question , Will he find a way to use the government for any kind of idealistic purposes , or will he remain suspicious through to the end ?
His organization of healthcare in Massachusetts – though I gather it ’s falling on hard times now , being more expensive than anticipated – was a hopeful sign , not just because Romney tried to solve a big problem , but because he approached it as a pastoral problem .
“ How do you care for the children of the commonwealth ? ”
And he did it in a Mormon way .
The idea of talking personally to all of the politicians , trying to get some kind of a consensus , is very much the way Mormon congregations work .
There is never a vote or a power struggle .
The people strive for mutual consent .
It struck me as promising for Romney to work that way in the state .
So I leave that as a question , along with the question of how he will rouse people to the cause of the nation :
How will he use the nation ’s government to solve the nation ’s problem ?
Let me turn , then , to a third side of the influence of church history on Mitt Romney .
One aspect of this abandonment of theocracy was a pullback from government in general .
Mormons realized that theocracy only led to pain .
As a church they became very sensitive about any kind of theocratic involvement in government .
This was reinforced in the famous seating hearings of Reed Smoot in 1904 .
Smoot was an apostle – a very high official in the Mormon Church – elected to the Senate on a Republican ticket , but refused a seat .
To settle the question he went through hearings for four years .
This protracted examination brought forth all of the opposition to Mormons that was still residual in the nation .
It was charged that they were still practicing polygamy , that they were still theocratic , that their reforms were superficial and not to be trusted .
The president of the church , a man named Joseph F. Smith , nephew of Joseph Smith , was called to testify .
He was asked over and over again , will Reed Smoot be obligated out of his loyalty to you as the prophet of the church to do what you say in political matters ?
Over and over , Joseph F. Smith answered , no , he is not obligated ; he should follow his own conscience and the obligations he feels to his constituency , not to the president of the church .
The repetition of that question was an indication of the deep suspicion that prevailed and I think prevails to this day .
To calm the fears , at the end of the hearings , the church authorities codified the testimony of the church president in an official statement : “ The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints holds to the doctrine of the separation of church and state . ”
At the time that was a departure , but an accurate statement of what they had come to believe .
“ They believe in the non-interference of church authority in political matters and the absolute freedom and independence of the individual in the performance of his political duties . ”
On these terms , Mormonism entered the political scene :
We will not interfere in politics or in the action of any politicians who are members of the church .
And that policy has n’t changed over the century .
There is , on the church website , this statement : “ Elected officials who are Latter - day Saints make their own decisions and may not necessarily be in agreement with one another or even with a publicly stated church position .
While the church may communicate its views to them , as it may to any other elected official , it recognizes that these officials still must make their own choices based on their best judgment and with consideration of the constituencies whom they are elected to represent . ”
On the whole it is fair to say that by comparison to the 19th century , the church has withdrawn from politics .
It does get entangled in Utah politics ; it ’s such a large part of the state ’s economy and population that engagement is inevitable .
The church also occasionally takes stands on political measures that it considers to be moral issues , such as prohibition , but it does n’t direct politicians how to vote .
There is nothing like the Catholic bishops ’ statements .
There is no bishop who would threaten to excommunicate a Mormon because he took a position contrary to church positions on abortion or gay marriage or anything of that sort – nothing like the Pope ’s recent statements in Latin America .
So I believe that we should truly be able to lay aside fears that Romney will receive directions from Salt Lake City .
There is nothing in the record of the past century that would lead one to think otherwise .
The question is ,
Why does this fear keep coming up with fairly well - informed people – the same question over and over again ?
“ Is Romney going to be directed by the church president ? ”
I think it is because of the logic of revelation .
It ’s not necessarily a logic that believers themselves follow , but a logic that unbelievers think is required of believing Mormons .
The necessary consequence , unbelievers think , of believing that your prophet is a prophet speaking for God is unquestioning submission .
So the question is , Why does n’t that work ?
Why are there church members who do n’t follow their prophet when it comes to political opinions , gay marriage certainly being one of them , but abortion being another , and many other things ?
The same thing is true for the Catholic Church .
There are lots of good Catholics who do n’t necessarily do everything that the Pope says .
I hope I am safe in saying that .
CROMARTIE : Very safe .
BUSHMAN : Very safe , okay .
How can an institution be so self - contradictory ?
There is a clue given in a statement recently posted on the church ’s newsroom Web page defining the bounds of church doctrine .
It says , “ Individual members are encouraged to independently strive to receive their own spiritual confirmation of the truthfulness of church doctrine . ”
The fact is that in Mormondom , the revelation does n’t come solely to the president of the church , but rather infuses the whole church .
Everyone is to receive revelation for their own positions , whether as a father or a bishop or a Sunday school teacher , or whatever it is .
And that extends from church doctrine to political statements .
So , Mormons believe that all of those strong injunctions to follow the prophet are one end of a paradox .
The other end , they say , is that they have to decide for themselves whether they believe what the prophet says .
So there is legitimacy within the church for taking an independent position , contrary to what the president of the church may say .
I would say that rather than worrying about dictation from Salt Lake City , we should be more concerned about whether or not Mitt Romney is able to use the agency of the government for the idealistic ends that are truly his legacy as a Latter - day Saint .
I ’ll stop at that point .
CROMARTIE : Thank you , sir .
Thank you very much .
( Applause . )
E.J. DIONNE , THE WASHINGTON POST : First of all , thank you for that really helpful talk .
I want to start with a narrow question and then a couple of broader ones .
Utah is very interesting politically .
In 1912 , it was one of only two states that voted for Taft .
But then it was all Roosevelt and Truman during the New Deal years .
Then from 1952 on , it voted Democratic only once .
Can you explain these shifts and what Utah was like when it was – or appeared to be – a New Deal state during the Roosevelt and Truman years ?
The second question feeds into the first .
I think any tradition is at a disadvantage if its scripture was written 150 years ago instead of 1,000 , 2,000 or 6,000 years ago .
It ’s harder to explain away inconvenient things .
I would be curious if you could talk a little bit about what aspects of Mormon Scripture might be dredged up against Romney .
I ’m not doing negative research for Giuliani or something .
I ’m just curious what we ’re going to confront , because I imagine we ’re going to see a lot of that .
How , in fact , do the passages that might get thrown at Romney compare with passages in the Old and New Testaments that might actually be problematic to modern people ?
And then three other quick things related to that – ( laughter ) – and then I ’ll stop .
The theoretical roots of polygamy ; the whole problem with black people that sort of went away , it seems , in Mormon theology ; and lastly , any thoughts on George Romney versus Mitt Romney ?
Otherwise , I have no questions .
( Laughter . )
I figure you can answer everything , so I want to take advantage .
BUSHMAN : Well , when you get those switches back and forth , you know that there is a contradiction or a polarity inside the culture .
Someone has said that Mormon doctrine should best be described as a set of dilemmas – as contradictory goods posed against one another .
My father was a Democrat growing up in Utah .
He was not a very well - off person .
I think Mormons have always identified with underdogs because they felt like they were underdogs so much of the time themselves .
So the appeal of the New Deal , of caring for the people , was very inspiring .
FDR had that great gift of speaking to the better angels of our nature , and I think Mormons responded to that because it was a language they hear in church a lot .
On the other hand , there is always the suspicion of governments , which I think means that , under the circumstances , Utah could go Democratic again .
It ’s not forever - and - a - day locked into that Republican platform .
I do n’t think there are things – Ken can probably think of some for me – in Mormon Scriptures that are going to be scandalous to the moral order of the nation , other than polygamy , of course .
Things are more likely to be scandalous to the theological order of the larger Christian community .
For example : the ideas of God having a body of flesh and bone , existing in time and space rather than outside , and having once been a man like ourselves .
That sort of business just drives other Christians up the wall .
But I ca n’t think of anything outside of the polygamy Scriptures that is going to disturb Americans in general .
Polygamy .
How many people want me to talk about polygamy ?
I know you all are curious .
Polygamy is an interesting thing because it serves as a Rorschach test .
People project onto Joseph Smith and the polygamists their own sense about human nature .
“ It ’s just what you would expect men to do ; ” or “ Yeah , that is what I would like ” – ( laughter ) – that sort of thing .
Neither of those , I think , is accurate in Joseph Smith ’s case .
It ’s a perplexing problem for Mormons for a variety of reasons .
One important reason is that it is so contrary to Mormon contemporary ideas of family – companionate , eternal friends going on with their children forever , versus a community wives constituting a family .
So that is an ideological problem for Mormons .
It ’s also perplexing because Joseph Smith himself gave so few rationales for it .
The best rationale is one revelation written down in 1843 .
That is virtually all he said on the subject , and plural marriages are depicted simply as part of the restoration of the ancient order of things .
Smith brings priesthood out of the Bible .
He brings temples out of the Bible .
He brings the temple rituals out of the rituals for sanctifying priests in the book of Exodus , and he brings polygamy out of the Bible .
That is all he said , that the injunction for polygamy is to go and do the works of Abraham .
Beyond that , it ’s hard to understand .
In actual fact , polygamy seemed to have served a function in society .
We now have a fine - grained study of polygamy in one community where we know every family in the community and all of the details about them .
And what polygamy seems to have been was a way in which young women without male protection – no father , no older brother , no near relative to care for them – were absorbed into Mormon society .
Polygamy went up when the immigration rates went up .
And the young women who came into these families in this little town were young women in that position .
Not all of them – but that was the single most common type of plural wife .
More than 50 percent of them fit this description .
So it was a way of caring for people and may have contributed to the resilience of the society .
But Mormons themselves are puzzled about the meaning of polygamy , beyond what Joseph Smith said about it .
JOHN WILSON , BOOKS & CULTURE : I ’m interested in this question posed for us about whether Mormonism and democratic politics are compatible .
It seems particularly interesting to me , not just because Romney is a candidate , but because so many of the arguments that are made in this debate are also being heard in arguments about evangelicals and Catholics .
I think of Damon Linker ’s cover story in The New Republic last year and a number of other stories that have raised questions about the compatibility of certain faith commitments with Democratic politics .
I want to focus on one particular strain of criticism that was very sharply expressed in a quote from Jacob Weisberg in the TIME magazine cover package on Romney this week .
There was a quote from Weisberg saying that someone who believes the kind of things that Romney believes lacks the capacity to serve in the office of president .
I thought that was a very interesting way of putting it .
He did n’t say he disagreed with his policies , anything like that – but that he lacks the capacity .
It reminded me of a wonderful passage from Saul Bellow ‘s novel , Herzog , in which Herzog is thinking of Freud ’s famous question , What do women want ?
And then Herzog goes on and says they eat green salad and they drink human blood .
It ’s a wonderful wisecrack , but it ’s also a way of expressing a certain way of thinking about women that has a long historical pedigree : that they lack a certain rational capacity .
They are wonderful in some ways , but it ’s just something that they do n’t possess .
And , of course , that was one of the reasons they were long denied the vote .
It was presumed that they lacked this capacity .
It seems to me that a certain conception of rationality underlies what Weisberg and many others have said in this vein .
And so I have two questions for you .
One is , could you tease out their understanding of rationality such that someone like Romney would simply not have the capacity to fulfill this office ?
And second , who would be some intellectual allies that Mormons and others who might be the butt of the same charge might find outside their own faith tradition ?
In other words , where are their intellectual allies for responding to this conception of rationality ?
BUSHMAN : Well , their natural allies , which are all conservative Christians , refuse to accept them as allies , and that makes it very difficult .
The question is ,
What is different about believing that an angel appeared to a person and told him about ancient records on plates of gold , and believing that a man who died and was buried rose again after three days and came back to life ?
Is there something sort of qualitatively different , or is it simply familiarity that makes a difference ?
Is it less rational to believe in an angel than to believe in a risen person ?
Mormons say , look , all founding religions have miracles ; that ’s what gives the religion its impetus , that God intervenes in some incredible way .
It ’s the belief that God is really involved in human life .
Islam and Judaism also have these founding miracles .
The question is ,
Is there something inherently more irrational about Mormon miracles than other miracles , or is it just a matter of familiarity ?
If it ’s just that you say Romney departs so far from the rational standards of our time , he must be crazy – within Mormonism , it ’s not a departure .
We have lived with these stories all of our lives .
OK , we know angels are rare , but why not have angels ?
So it is n’t like Romney has to strain himself to believe or that in his believing mode something snaps and he goes crazy ; these beliefs are just part of his culture .
That ’s why I ’m curious about the nature of this question , about why this seems more irrational than the irrationalities of every revealed religion .
MIKE ALLEN , THE POLITICO : Just for clarification , Latter - day Saints believe in both of the miracles you were just talking about , right ?
BUSHMAN : Yes .
Yes , yes , yes .
ANNE KORNBLUT , THE WASHINGTON POST : I ’m wondering if you could talk a little bit about what the political atmosphere was like around the 1890s and 1904 , and if you could talk about who the anti-Mormon forces were then .
Who was driving the case ?
I ’m also wondering if you could elaborate a little bit about the conservative Christians who should be natural allies but are n’t , and what your perception is of why they are so reluctant to be .
One of the numbers that struck me in all of our polls was the percentage of Republicans who say they would never vote for a Mormon .
I just want you to talk about that a little bit , and what your take on that is .
BUSHMAN : In the 1890s , the Mormons themselves were simply struggling for survival and holding onto any raft that came by .
A lot of them became Republicans because the Republicans were in power and they needed their support .
That is why Reed Smoot got seated , because Teddy Roosevelt wanted his help in holding onto Utah .
In the nation as a whole , there was the whole Protestant establishment .
Historians are now talking about the 19th century as the era of the Protestant establishment .
It was n’t the formal payment of ministers as in most established churches , but it was the sense that Protestant values governed the nation ; they governed the politics ; they governed the moral sense of the nation .
So you had women ’s groups , you had religious groups , you had pastors , and they enlisted politicians who doubtless were themselves outraged .
So it was n’t a party division ; it was an up - swelling movement that assaulted the Senate during these hearings .
They continued to just pummel them with requests .
T.R. made the difference .
On the question about natural allies , Mormonism has always been an embarrassment to Christianity .
It goes back to the 1830s when , on their own left , Christians had to face the Deists , who said the Christian miracles were ridiculous .
To defend themselves , Christians had to find some kind of rational support .
William Paley , of course , is the archetypical character , but there were scores of books written trying to mobilize evidence that you could believe the resurrection , that those witnesses were authentic .
While they were fighting that battle , the Mormons on the right came up with these ridiculous stories of angels and gold plates and claimed the same right to believe in miracles , mobilizing the same kind of evidence that Christians used for the resurrection .
This required Christians to repel Mormons to prevent the Deists from grouping them with the lunatic fringe .
Christian groups have been as forceful as any in trying to put down the Mormons , I think , partly to protect their position as respectable philosophically .
I once in a meeting asked a group of evangelical Christians – a small group ; Mark Noll was there , Richard Mouw , various other distinguished people – why do n’t we join forces in making a case that there are grounds for believing in the existence of God simply because the spiritual life confirms it ?
People believe there is a God because it ’s manifest to them spiritually .
They really did n’t want any of that .
They wanted to maintain their philosophical , rational claims , defending their miracles on sort of a quasi- scientific basis .
They did not want to get in bed with the Mormons and their strictly subjective view of things .
So there is kind of a gap intellectually .
Mormonism has never embraced philosophy ; it is not particularly interested in philosophy .
I would say our most natural ally among the philosophers , frankly , is William James whose view of God is very close to the Mormon view of God .
CROMARTIE : The emphasis is on experience .
BUSHMAN : Because the emphasis is on experience and belief in a God – I ’m going to get myself in trouble so I ’m not going to say much , and I wo n’t answer any further questions on this subject – but a God who has to cope with reality in the same manner that humans have to cope with reality , using his immense powers .
WOODWARD : I have a quick comment and two short questions .
The quick comment is on behalf of President Bartlett , who went to Notre Dame .
( Laughter . )
I thought I would remind you of that .
And it is n’t pessimistic , because he did .
But in 1956 , the Republican Party – the national committee passed a declaration saying that President Eisenhower was not only the political leader of the county but also the spiritual leader of the country .
So there is a certain resonance going on .
I know you ’re curious about what people around the table think about Mormonism .
My first question is a very serious question .
I think of 19th - century work society – busy , work , pull yourself up by your bootstraps – and , as you know from my comments in the Times , that has always been my experience with Mormons .
So where does the doctrine of grace come in , the doctrine that maybe there is something that happens that is God ’s initiative and I have nothing to do with it ?
I do n’t see a lot of room for an effective doctrine of grace .
And the other question is – and I ’m sure you ’ve played this before , but I think it might clarify a little bit – what if you ask this question :
What is the question that Mormonism answers ?
I mean , you can do that with Buddhism ; it ’s suffering , and it ’s sin for Christianity .
Does that help us get at some sense of the quick of Mormonism by asking , what is it the answer to – other than just historically ?
BUSHMAN : That is a terrific question .
Let me begin with grace .
I think partly as a form of denominational differentiation , Mormons resisted high Calvinist theology in the 19th century .
They were , like so many other groups , trying to differentiate themselves from the evangelical culture of the revivals , which basically came out of a Calvinist view of depravity .
Mormons do n’t like the idea of depravity .
So that led to an emphasis on works .
You are capable of choosing the good , and God will recognize and reward choosing the good .
In the late 20th century , that is reversed .
You ’re probably aware of this yourself , Ken .
In dialogues with evangelical Christians , Mormons are recovering their own grace theology , which is plentifully present in the Book of Mormon .
And they are recovering it not just at the high level of discussion between BYU faculty and Baylor faculty , but right down in the congregation , seemingly growing out of the needs of the people themselves .
There is this sense that , look , we ca n’t do it ourselves ; we have to have the grace of God .
There is no other hope for forgiveness or salvation .
The doctrine of grace is part of our scriptural culture .
I ’m sure as time goes on , these elements will be emphasized in varying degrees .
Right now , grace is getting more and more powerful among the Mormon teachers .
What questions does Mormonism answer ?
David Brooks had those interesting columns a few months ago about how people will die for meaning , and Charles Taylor was on the TV lately saying the spiritual questions are the big questions , which I think is very close to David ’s sense of meaning .
What Mormons really try to do is to offer a story – a story of human existence that begins in the world before and comes to this world .
It answers the classic questions of whence , why , and where .
It ’s not just something that stands above Mormons , but is imbued into their minds .
It ’s related to the Christian story of fall and redemption , which is another story of the meaning of life , but it extends that story into the pre-mortal life and into eternities hereafter .
Over and over again , I talk to people who joined the church , and I say , why did you become a Mormon ?
And they say , it answered my questions .
I do n’t know exactly what they mean by that , but there is a sense that their perplexities about life somehow were put to rest by what the Mormon missionaries told them .
WOODWARD : I would n’t disagree with that .
This Mormon story is ritualized and retold in temple ceremonies .
So it ’s not something that you could just get once and sort of walk away from if you were a Mormon .
But for that reason – that it locates you in a larger world , it locates this world in a larger world , it makes it very palpable – to that extent , then , it seems to me , that what a candidate for president believes on these matters might not matter to another candidate , but it very much matters to Mormons .
I ’m thinking , therefore , that is why asking what that world looks like is a relevant issue .
Whether it ’s fair or not is another question .
Am I making sense ?
BUSHMAN : In other words , you think everyone has a right to ask a Mormon – to ask Mitt Romney – what do you think is the meaning of life ?
WOODWARD : I think people want to know that , and I think it is n’t the meaning of life so much as it is the situating of this world in this larger drama .
BUSHMAN : Right .
WOODWARD : I know from talking to Mormons in Salt Lake City that one thing is this guarantee that I will see my children and I will see my parents .
I have never asked a Mormon what the meaning of the religion is that I did n’t get that kind of an answer – perfectly understandable , and one that is universal .
So I think of what that life is like , how those connections are – I would say they are almost polygamist , or sometimes I think of them as that way in the next life , because they are part of the answer that Mormonism provides through those that embrace it .
It becomes relevant when the first Mormon looks like he is going to have a chance at the presidency .
BUSHMAN : Would there be an equivalent question that you would ask of Senator John McCain ?
WOODWARD : I do n’t think so .
I think this is the Mormon time at bat .
( Laughter . )
It will have to be done once , it seems to me , and then it wo n’t have to be done again .
But when a Muslim runs , it ’s going to have to happen , and if a Jehovah ’s Witness ever runs , it ’s going to come up .
You only get one shot at the plate , but I think it has to be taken .
I ’m not saying he has to do this , but I think somewhere along the line it has to happen .
And it ’s legitimate to ask those questions because people are curious about them .
BUSHMAN : Well , your curiosity here evidences that .
ALLEN : Sir , one factual question , and one a matter of opinion .
I was interested in your description of the end of polygamy in the setting of having lost Supreme Court cases and the heavy hand of the state on the church .
How does that square with the church ’s teaching ?
I think that it was related to a revelation or a prophecy .
And second , I wonder what your theory is about why there seems to be a sort of PC exemption for Mormons such that people feel free to talk about them in a way that we do n’t feel free to talk about just about any other religious group .
BUSHMAN : Well , I would be interested in your answers to that question .
The way the story is told now , and I think there is some pretty good evidence of this , is that though the announcement ending polygamy sounded like a policy switch – “ We are no longer going to perform plural marriages ” – it really was based on a revelation .
I would be almost positive , just because of the parameters of Mormonism , that the president of the church would not do anything so drastic unless he felt like he had the backing of God , whether it was an angel appearing to him or just a very powerful feeling , like Spencer Kimball had when the blacks ’ situation was changed .
I think Mormons just say to themselves , he must have had a revelation , and there is some evidence that he did .
ALLEN : Wait .
But it occurred at the same time in the historical setting that you were describing ?
BUSHMAN : Yeah .
UNIDENTIFIED :
So it was convenient , really .
BUSHMAN : Yeah , that is a nasty word .
( Laughter . )
Let ’s say it was astute or fitting or suitable or necessary .
( Laughter . )
That is always a problem when you have revelation that governs administration .
Is it just a justification for what is inevitable , or is it really from God ?
And I do n’t know any way to solve that problem , except that on the blacks , the church held out a long time and caused a lot of pain among Mormons for that doctrine to be held on to for that long , until finally the change was made .
DIONNE : When was that ?
BUSHMAN : 1978 .
But you had another question .
ALLEN : Yeah , the PC exemption .
BUSHMAN : Well , that is a curious question , and in fact , it ’s one I hope to discuss later .
Why do Mormons appear weirder than most ?
Is it just a matter of the strange beliefs , or is it an accumulative effect : someone breaks the PC barrier and others follow .
You know , the way Mormons are treated in Angels in America – you certainly could n’t do that for lots of religions , but it went down big on the New York stage and in the movies .
What would be your explanation for it ?
ALLEN : I ’ll defer to the moderator for that .
CROMARTIE : The moderator gives you permission .
( Laughter . )
ALLEN : I ’ll defer to my colleagues .
BUSHMAN : Too bad .
A good dodge , but it did n’t work .
CROMARTIE :
Well , think about it , Mike , and if you come up with the answer , raise your hand again .
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY , NPR : Look at “ The Simpsons . ” I think there are other groups that are opening for ridicule .
If you look at evangelicals on the “ The Simpsons , ” or – you know , I think there are other groups .
HAGERTY : “ South Park . ”
BUSHMAN : Evangelicals get it pretty hot and heavy on the New York stage .
You can really say nasty things about evangelicals and get laughs .
SALLY QUINN , THE WASHINGTON POST : Are you a Mormon ?
BUSHMAN : Yes , I have always been Mormon .
QUINN : And you are a practicing Mormon ?
BUSHMAN : Very practicing .
( Chuckles . )
QUINN : I ’m sure you have heard of Martha Beck .
BUSHMAN : Yes .
CROMARTIE : But all of us have n’t .
QUINN : Martha Beck is a Mormon woman who wrote two books .
One of them was called Expecting Adam .
She was getting her Ph.D. at Harvard , as was her husband , when she got pregnant and discovered that the baby was going to have Down syndrome , and she decided to have this child anyway .
It ’s an extraordinary book , just an amazing book .
She suddenly was open to an enormous amount of criticism and almost ostracized by a lot of her friends at Harvard , all of these brilliant people who felt that it was wrong to have a child who was retarded .
Once she had the child , it was even more difficult .
So she and her husband decided they would go back to Salt Lake City because people there were so accepting of everyone .
She decided she would go back there and that would be a place where she could raise her child with Down syndrome .
She went back and had an absolutely horrendous experience .
She wrote another book called Leaving the Saints .
She finally did leave the church .
In her book , she revealed that her father had sexually abused her when she was a child .
She talked about how she went back , and she had this Ph.D. from Harvard , and she was trying to fit in and bring her child into it , but she went to work as a teacher at Brigham Young University and found that the church was very unaccepting , very dogmatic , and that she could n’t teach what she wanted to teach .
Because she spoke out against some of the beliefs , she was in effect banned or banished from the church , she and her husband .
Finally , they actually had to move away to Arizona because it became so untenable a situation .
And I think that reading a book like that – I have no knowledge of Mormons at all , really , but reading Martha ’s books , I was absolutely appalled at some of the things that I read about the Mormon Church and the closed - mindedness and demands on people that they adhere to the beliefs or they will get banished .
So I think that kind of story is where a lot of these perceptions come from .
I do n’t know whether every word she wrote was true or not .
It sounded pretty true .
I think that sets the stage for my next question , which is , How Mormon is Mitt Romney ?
I mean , is he someone who would adhere to all of the beliefs of the church ?
In Martha Beck ’s case , when she went against church policy , she was banned or banished .
Would that happen if Romney disagreed with the church , and particularly their positions on women ?
WILSON : I read the same book .
I have also read a lot of other memoirs in the last 20 years .
In fact , it seems that about half of the memoirs that I have read that have gotten the most attention – that is , the ones that have been translated into multiple languages and won prizes and so on – have subsequently turned out to be downright hoaxes .
I ’m not talking on the level of minor fabrications , but just outright hoaxes .
So I think that first of all , to judge any institution , or any subject at all , by a memoir is a very dubious proposition .
I also think it ’s significant that in that particular memoir , oddly enough , the author did not mention the fact that she and her husband both came out – he as gay and she as lesbian .
It seemed odd not to mention that in the book , because whatever you think about that , whether you think the official Mormon teaching on that is right or wrong , it is very clear what the teaching is .
One could infer that by not evening mentioning that and how all of that played out in the story , that could perhaps be a red flag to judge some of the other things that she says in the book .
QUINN : Was it clear that they came out as homosexual before they left Salt Lake City ?
I ’m not clear that that – I understood it to be after they left and went to Arizona that they both –
WILSON : My understanding is that that had something to do with the incidents that she describes in the books , but that she does not mention that as part of the context .
QUINN : Well , in any case , if that were true , if they were in Salt Lake City at the time and came out as homosexual , they were banished .
I ’m not making a judgment here .
I ’m simply saying , I read this book .
This is my one exposure to Mormonism .
I think other people have the same kinds of ideas .
These are stories that you hear , and I think this is why there is a lot of suspicion .
I had dinner recently with a group of evangelical Christians who invited me for dinner , and the subject came up – Mormonism .
I did n’t say a word .
They went on for 45 minutes about how dangerous they were – crazy and dangerous , and it would be a disaster for this country .
So there is that perception .
ROME HARTMAN , CBS NEWS :
But with the question you have asked , I would like to know , how Mormon is he ?
Is he devout , is he a cultural Mormon ?
BUSHMAN : Romney is a thoroughgoing Mormon .
You know , he has held significant positions in the church and so I can answer that very quickly .
The Beck book – I have read them both , the Adam book a little more closely .
She is a marvelously persuasive writer , very appealing and self - revealing .
She confesses everything , so she wins your trust almost at once .
I had trouble with the Adam book because I felt like she was neurotic about Harvard .
Harvard had turned into a boogieman that represented the world of rationality and was threatening to exclude her or judge her in a way that I thought beyond belief .
It was very strange how that functioned in her mind .
CROMARTIE : You speak as a Harvard grad .
BUSHMAN : Yeah , every degree I own is from Harvard .
That is the one thing that I have to confess to you all here publicly .
( Laughter . )
The charges of her father ’s abusing her , which is a very large part of that book , have been contested by the rest of the family .
It ’s a very large family .
I think there were 10 or 12 kids .
They could n’t believe their father would do it .
They saw no evidence of it , and they knew her well , living with her .
So as John suggests , some of the factual basis of it is thrown into doubt , and so you have to start with that .
In terms of shunning , this is a kind of stereotype of the way religious communities work .
The same thing is said of the Amish and many other groups .
Having grown up in Mormon communities , I am not aware of this being practiced or happening to anybody that I ever knew .
You hear stories of it happening , and it may have happened from time to time .
But my own feeling is , it ’s sort of a mixture of some actual actions – she might have been fired from BYU , and I think she was for some of the things she was saying or something she was doing – and her own sense that these evil people were after her .
So there is a sort of a mixture of her own paranoia with some actual actions .
If you lived in a Mormon community , you would n’t feel like this was happening all of the time , that people were in danger of being shunned .
There are examples , and I am sure they will come up here , where people have been excommunicated for taking a stand contrary to Mormon doctrine , and we ’ll have to describe that , but to make this typical of the true character of Mormonism is misleading .
It would be very hard to persuade any Mormon that anything like that goes on .
DELIA GALLAGHER , CNN : I ’m interested in a clarification on the teaching authority , if we can say that , versus kind of revelation .
If you shy away from the philosophical or rational kind of development , what is the teaching authority then based on ?
Is it personal revelation to the prophets , or just how does it work in general , say , in regard to an issue like contraception or abortion or so on , and then how is that binding on individual Mormons or on Mormon politicians ?
I think you said earlier that they do n’t have to follow one thing or the other in the Mormon Church .
Secondly , I ’m interested to know more about the teaching of Jesus ’ mission in Central America .
BUSHMAN : On the first question , “ teaching authority ” is not a phrase we use .
Is that a Catholic phrase ?
GALLAGHER : Yeah .
I do n’t know what you would call it .
Do you have such a thing ?
Teachings , where do they come from ?
BUSHMAN : Yeah , it ’s one of the mysteries of how it works in that Mormons , both individually and as an official church , have always rebuffed attempts to systematize ideas .
There is no creed .
If a book is published called Mormon Doctrine that tries to outline Mormon doctrine , it ’s repudiated by the president of the church .
Over and over again , people go back and say , look , follow the Scriptures , read the Scriptures – which in a way begs the question of how you interpret the Scriptures .
But every effort to do doctrine systematically is resisted .
In that way , it ’s kind of an anti-intellectual thing against systematic theology .
When it comes to things like contraception , that comes out of the united feelings of the general authorities of the church , which consists of the president of the church and the Twelve Apostles and other general authorities , who probably are what you ’re looking for if you ’re asking about the teaching authority of the church .
There are Catholic versions of these hierarchical figures , are there not ?
The people in Rome who interpret the doctrine for the benefit of the church ?
GALLAGHER : Yeah .
But then it would n’t be open necessarily to interpretation – it would be binding , in other words , in a Catholic vision of things .
But you ’re saying they do make these recommendations , but they are not binding .
BUSHMAN : That is right .
There is great respect .
The leaders are followed ; they are honored .
People would n’t try to contradict them , but “ binding ” is n’t a word Mormons use .
We talk about the “ counsel ” of the brethren .
This is what we advise you to do , and this has great weight , but it is n’t like it straps down your conscience .
GALLAGHER : So what is the teaching , then , on contraception , say .
BUSHMAN : You know , it ’s changed .
When I was first married and a little alert to such things – ( laughter ) – there was a lot of talk against contraception , and that all just faded .
You never hear a word about it now .
And that is also one of the things that moderates the reception of this kind of teaching authority .
That is , there are times that something seems relevant , and then it sort of fades , and other things come to the fore .
So there is sort of a give - and - take between the needs of the people , who are always talking to their bishops and stake presidents – look , I have a problem ; what could be done about this ?
– and that seeps up to the higher levels of the church .
Over time , these teachings change coloration .
GALLAGHER : Is that the same for abortion ?
BUSHMAN : Yeah , the same for abortion .
There was a moment in the late 1980s when the church came down with an absolute no on abortion .
And then very quickly it moderated – look , the health of the mother has to be taken into account ; all sorts of other things .
So it ’s kind of a moderate conservative position at this point .
WOODWARD : It seems you have a magisterium , but what you lack is that informal body of theologians or thinkers whose job is to reflect on the content of faith , and magisterial teachings .
So there is no placenta like that – am I right – for these things to go through ?
BUSHMAN : That is true .
And you must add the fact that there is no professional clergy , which means no clergy trained theologically .
No one seeks to situate every teaching of the church against a broader Christian tradition .
The process has a kind of informality to it .
GALLAGHER : My second question refers to what I understand the Book of Mormon to be about , which is Jesus ’ ministry to the people of the Americas , which I think they more or less locate as Central America .
I wonder if you would explain that a little bit more , and talk about whether Joseph Smith was ever there .
BUSHMAN : In Central America , you mean ?
No , he was not ever there .
He was strictly confined to the Northeast United States and the West .
He went to New York and Missouri – sort of that quadrant .
The story is limited to the Book of Mormon itself , which , I assume you understand , is meant to be an ancient story .
The event you refer to simply builds on the idea that Christ , after his death , visited America and taught people here for many days .
In effect , he instilled the Christian gospel , including the Beatitudes and the Sermon on the Mount , into the culture here , then disappeared but also said he was going to visit other branches of the house of Israel – the ten lost tribes – throughout the world .
That is the story .
It occupies maybe 22 chapters in the Book of Mormon .
I think the significance of it is the same as the significance of the Book of Mormon in that it breaks , again , not just the monopoly of the Bible , but of Palestine as the land of holy events .
It spreads this to America , and by implication , to the world , because once you break out of that spot , then the great events of Biblical history can occur everywhere .
That is one of the strong thrusts of the whole movement , to imply that God is revealing himself at other places , other times , and to people other than the people of Israel .
GALLAGHER : Was that the only place that he went outside of Palestine , according to –
BUSHMAN : The only one that is recorded , but Jesus himself says , I am going to visit all of the other lost sheep of the house of Israel , quoting John .
PHILIP JENKINS , PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY : I want to raise an issue that might be delicate , so bear with me a little bit .
People are looking at the Book of Mormon and discussing the ideas of the Book of Mormon , but my impression is that if I were to join the church , I would read the Book of Mormon , but then increasingly I would learn other doctrines that would be revealed progressively .
Some of those doctrines , or many of those doctrines , I think , would be very surprising , and they would be far more surprising than the idea of Jesus speaking in Central America .
For example , I believe there is a doctrine of the evolution .
Evolution is a very fundamental Mormon concept , evolution in the sense of evolution towards deity or divinity of believers – that you evolve towards the stage of a godlike figure with your own world which you rule and populate , and that each world is ruled by a figure who originally enjoyed human status on another world , so that , for example , once upon time there was a man on another planet who became the God of this world .
Mormonism is different in the sense that it does include a large body of doctrine that is revealed by progressive stages , by degrees of knowledge .
Now , if I am misstating those doctrines , please tell me ; that is absolutely not what I want to do .
But the sense that people believe these kinds of inner doctrines may go some of the way to explaining the suspicion .
When phrased in a crude way for outsiders , this can almost be presented as a kind of science - fiction religion .
I ’m speaking in terms of stereotype .
Please understand the respect for the religion that I ’m trying to present , but also that I think it ’s important to bring this out for this audience because at some point , if Romney is a candidate , someone is going to raise these doctrines as ideas , and if there is not some kind of answer or explanation or description , it ’s going to come as a shock .
Would you care to respond to it ?
BUSHMAN : Well , I hear two things in your comment .
One is the notion of peculiar , heterodox , wild ideas about the nature of God and how to cope with such departures from conventional Christianity .
The other is the idea of a certain degree of trickery .
That is , you ’re brought into the church with simple , plain doctrines , like the story of the Book of Mormon .
JENKINS : I am not trying to make these accusations , please understand .
BUSHMAN : Yes .
I do understand .
I thought you were very tactful in the way you stated it .
But still , that is the question , because often the evangelical critics of Mormonism will make that very point .
They will make it look like it ’s simple , but boy , wait till you get inside of it and you ’ll find all sorts of terrifying beliefs .
I think the missionary system of the church is not deceptive in the sense that it does present basically what Mormons work with , live by day by day , which is belief in revelation , belief in these new Scriptures , belief that you should n’t smoke , drink , and so forth , should pay tithing – all of those basic things are made clear .
But once you get into the church , there is a vast amount of lore about how the priesthood works , how the ecclesiastics work , things about baptism for the dead and genealogical work that do n’t go into the fundamental teachings .
Not that the missionaries would conceal them consciously , but they just do n’t figure in the everyday conversation of Mormons or the life of a Mormon .
You can be a perfectly good Mormon without knowing every last detail .
However , when it comes to the doctrines that you describe , which are extreme departures from standard Christianity , I think they mean quite a bit to Mormons – not to all Mormons , but to many , including myself – as an elaboration of these stories of eternity , as I call them .
So you get a larger and larger picture .
The trouble with them is that when you begin to explore them in detail , there are all sorts of mysteries and perplexities , things you ca n’t understand because you ’re out at the edge , and how does this work , how does that work – I do n’t know how it works .
But the overall picture is that humans are being taught by a father to become like him .
That is a fundamental Mormon belief .
And it can be stated quite innocently in a way that many other Christians would agree with , that the purpose of becoming a Christian is to become godly , become like God , in his moral image .
It ’s just that Mormons carry this further and start talking about governing worlds .
The business of governing worlds is an extrapolation that is not in the Scriptures ; it ’s just something Mormons have made up to make it concrete .
But all of that is part of this extended picture , which does come as a shock to many people .
I do n’t think it ’s a matter of concealment , but just milk and meat .
JENKINS : Thank you very much .
QUINN : What are the secret doctrines ?
BUSHMAN : You have stated them all right there .
( Chuckles . )
There are things that go on in the temple that are not talked about outside the temple , but they are not really doctrine ; it is really a set of rituals that are practiced in the temple that are not discussed .
QUINN : Like Skull and Bones ? ( Chuckles . )
The garments .
BUSHMAN : The garments .
All right , shall we talk about the temple for a minute since that came up ?
This goes along with this “ secret life ” of Mormons .
Sally , you were referring to that earlier .
What do they do when it comes down to it ?
Do they shun people and beat them up and so on ?
That has always been part of the story of Mormonism – you know , the “ hidden horrors ” of Mormonism – these advanced doctrines , and then the temple , because Mormons insist on saying it ’s sacred , not secret – but it is secret .
Mormons do not talk about what goes on in the temple outside the temple , even to each other .
Inside the temple they will talk about it , but not outside .
There will be glancing allusions , but never a full - fledged description .
The way I put it comes out of a conference we held when the Manhattan Temple was dedicated in 2004 .
We wanted to have a scholarly conference to mark that occasion , so we got Jonathan Z. Smith , a very distinguished scholar of ancient religion , and others to come , and we talked about it .
Smith talked about how we call this a sacred space .
How do you define a sacred space ?
That ’s a very interesting question :
How do you create a sacred space ?
The theme of the conference was , how do you do it in the modern city , where there are all sorts of groups ?
Just like time is set aside on the Sabbath devoted to God , can you have space set aside that ’s devoted to God ?
Mormons have become very good at that .
Before you can go to the temple , you ca n’t simply be a member of the church .
You have to see your bishop .
Every two years you have to talk with your bishop who will ask you a set of questions .
Are you committing adultery ?
Are you honest in your dealings with people ?
Do you believe in God and Christ ?
And so on down the list .
It ’s a worthiness interview , and you have to have a recommend to get past the front door of the temple .
Once you get past that door , you immediately go to a changing room where you shed your outer clothes and put on special white clothing .
In the temple you speak in whispers .
You do n’t speak aloud .
And then outside the temple you do n’t talk about it at all .
Some people think of this as secretive in the sense of hiding things .
But for Mormons , it ’s all part of the process of creating a sacred space .
When you walk in there , life is different .
You just feel things are on a different plane .
When you come out , it ’s not usually an overwhelming vision you have experienced , but you feel elevated .
It becomes very important for Mormons to go into that space , just like practicing the Sabbath , keeping it holy , has an exalting effect on human life .
So that ’s the way I look at the temple ceremonies .
Mormons know you can go online , get every last word of the temple ceremony .
It ’s all there .
So it ’s not like it ’s hidden from the world .
Anybody can get it .
But among us , we do n’t talk about it that way .
It means something to us .
It means a lot .
KORNBLUT : Can children go to the temple , or is it something that happens past a certain age ?
BUSHMAN : They can go into the temple for certain purposes , for example , to be sealed to their parents for time and eternity .
Those 12 years old and above can go to be baptized for the dead , but not through all of the temple ordinances .
There you have to be older – 18 or older .
STEVE WALDMAN , BELIEFNET :
When our website Beliefnet started , literally the first week , one of the first dilemmas that came up was , OK , we ’re doing the navigation for the site , do we put Mormonism under Christianity ?
And we called up an evangelical scholar , and he said , no , of course not .
And we called up a Mormon scholar who said , yes , of course .
A tie goes to the faith itself , so we put Mormonism under Christianity .
But I wondered if you could talk a little from a historical point of view about whether there has been any evolution in Mormonism ’s self - identification as Christian over the years .
Is it the same as it always was ?
Is there any shift in that ?
I also have a practical question related to that .
We ’ve talked about the belief in the Bible – Old Testament and New Testament – and the Book of Mormon .
Could you give us a little bit of a sense of weight ?
In a Mormon upbringing , is the Book of Mormon really the heart of it , or is the New Testament the heart of it and the Book of Mormon an elaboration ?
Could you give us some sense of how Christian the identity is for Mormons growing up ?
BUSHMAN : I think Mormons have always thought of themselves as Christian – as more Christian than the Christians themselves .
That ’s what Christian reform groups do – they say , we are the true Christianity .
It ’s become more crucial to Mormons to insist on that identity since all these other groups have tried to exclude us from the Christian circle .
There is almost an overemphasis on saying , we are Christian .
The fact is , we know we ’re Christians , why ca n’t that satisfy us ?
I would n’t say there ’s been any significant evolution .
The Bible has always been accepted .
Mormon missionaries have always taught from the Bible more than they have the Book of Mormon because that ’s the lingua franca of Christians .
In terms of weighting , if you ask a Mormon , the first answer they would give you is they ’re all equal .
In fact , we probably give the Old Testament more credit than most Christians do .
We do n’t give priority to the New Testament particularly .
The Book of Mormon went through a period when it was not very commonly used in church teaching materials .
The Bible was primary .
This was during the late 19th century and the first half of the 20th century .
But I think using this was primarily a matter of maintaining communication with the larger Christian world .
Mormons have always been confident that everything we believe can be found in the Bible , at least in embryo .
In the latter half of the 20th century , the Book of Mormon has come back .
In general , I would say that now Mormons are probably more likely to cite the Book of Mormon because it ’s simpler and plainer .
Biblical texts get complicated ; they seem to come out of a more remote culture .
On the whole , I would say the Book of Mormon is our preeminent book in terms of usage , but theoretically they ’re all equal .
They ’re all considered the word of God .
There is this qualification , of course :
They are equal as far as the Bible is translated correctly .
There is a feeling that the Bible lost some of its potency in the process of transmission down through the generations .
DIONNE : Correct me if I ’m wrong .
It ’s my impression that the logo of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints changed to make the words “ Jesus Christ ” much bigger than they used to be .
BUSHMAN : Right .
DIONNE : I also visited the Mormon historical sites a number of times , and the film explaining Mormonism also has seemed to me to go through significant revision in the sense that Jesus ’s role has increased substantially .
Is that also true , and if so , what is the significance of that ?
BUSHMAN : It ’s really not much more than I said .
This is our defense against the accusation we ’re not Christians .
We do n’t want to leave any doubt about that , so the emphasis .
FRANK FOER , THE NEW REPUBLIC : I just checked online .
AskMormon.com is available , and I think you could make a fortune charging people 25 cents to answer their questions .
( Chuckling . )
We seem to be in the middle of a kind of Mormon moment , I guess you could say , with “ Big Love “ , the Romney campaign , some other example that I ’m sure supports my proclamation of a journalistic trend .
And Key West panels .
You ’ve been asking us for our impressions of Mormonism .
At this moment , I want to turn the question to you and ask your impression of this moment in the Romney campaign and whether within the Mormon community there ’s some sense of anxiety over this moment , or whether people are grateful for this opportunity to explain their faith to the mainstream and view this as an opportunity to break past a lot of the old clichés and stereotypes ?
BUSHMAN : Everything you said is true .
I ’ve realized that a lot of –
CROMARTIE :
Which is also the case with Frank , by the way – almost everything he says is true .
( Chuckles . )
FOER : Who is the real prophet sitting here among us ?
( Laughter . )
BUSHMAN : I do n’t think it was Michael Paulson , but someone from The Boston Globe was writing a story about how the Mormon Church is going to be affected by the Romney campaign .
Exactly the question you asked .
I thought it was a good question .
My own feeling is it ’s very good to air all of the inner feelings .
Sally ’s question was very interesting to me .
You ’ve been really influenced by Martha Beck .
This image of the church as secretly ominous and oppressive is common .
I think those things need to get out in the open .
Mormons need to hear it , and the people who voice those questions need to talk to Mormons about it .
As long as we ’re all polite to one another , there is n’t going to be true understanding .
What I ’m hoping is that the discrepancy you sensed between Martha Beck ’s Mormonism and Mitt Romney ’s – the question , Can he really be a Mormon if Martha Beck ’s is the true Mormon ?
– will be continually thrust upon people .
They will have to ask , can it really be that fairly sensible , pleasant , educated people believe all these crazy things and are part of this nutty religion ?
I hope that discrepancy will become more and more clear and will lead to a realization that all of these things can become sensible .
That is , if you live by them , after a while they work for you in making your life better and bringing you closer to God , and this is a legitimate form of religious expression despite the seemingly fantastic nature of the faith .
I ’m hoping that this juxtaposition will lead to that realization .
FOER : As someone that Michael Cromartie recognizes as a prophet – ( laughter ) – I think it would n’t be self - serving of me , therefore , to point something out .
John Wilson mentioned the Damon Linker story that we ran in The New Republic .
We also had an excellent exchange between Damon Linker and Professor Bushman that went on for several days online and was quite a slugfest .
CROMARTIE : Can we get that online still at TheNewRepublic.com ?
FOER : Yes .
CROMARTIE : Does it cost anything ?
FOER : No. ( Laughter . )
But if you want to pay –
CROMARTIE : Feel free .
JOHN FUND , THE WALL STREET JOURNAL : I very much appreciate your comment about looking at it from other perspectives .
Almost every religion can be seen to have talked about miracles or have incongruities in its doctrine .
I agree with you that this discussion is very important to have now because here we are , eight months before the first presidential primaries , and I think everyone has remarked how this presidential campaign seems to be on super - accelerated speed .
I just was picking up the wires today .
The largest newspaper in South Carolina has an article about a wave of anti-Mormon literature that ’s being dropped into Republican households in anticipation of the debate this week .
The headline is , “ Mormons : A Dangerous Religion . ”
It ’s anonymous .
There ’s no author .
“ Mormons in Contemporary American Society : A Politically Dangerous Religion . ”
And this morning , every talk show host in the country apparently got this eight - page email from a former Mormon talking about whether Mitt Romney can serve two masters .
I think one of the points this woman makes is really what I wanted to ask you , because it ’s the one that political reporters are going to ask you the most frequently .
“ Do you know that if Mitt Romney does not follow what the prophet of the Mormon Church tells him to do , that he is an apostate and could lose his place in the Mormon afterlife ? ”
I know you mentioned all of the doctrines at the time of Reed Smoot ’s debate about how politicians who are members of the church should not follow the dictates of the prophet .
I guess my question is , Is there any ancient historical basis for a statement like this ?
In other words , if somebody were to look at Mormon doctrine in the 1840s , 1850s , 1860s , 1870s , 1880s , before the Reed Smoot debate , is there some basis for this statement ?
And even if it ’s not part of the official church doctrine , do some Mormons believe that if you publicly state that you ’re not going to follow the dictates of the church leadership that you ’re somehow an apostate and would lose your place in the Mormon afterlife ?
The basis for this question is this : Outside consultants have always told Mitt Romney that at some point he ’s going to have to make the John F. Kennedy speech , where in Houston , Texas , he said , I ’m not going to be bound by the pope .
There ’s this undercurrent , which I think really has to be addressed , asking , can Mitt Romney remain as faithful a Mormon in the eyes of his co-religionists as he wishes to be should he make the John F. Kennedy speech , or something similar to it ?
Or would a large portion of the Mormon Church view him as less than a full Mormon if he were to make that declaration ?
BUSHMAN : I think it depends a lot on how you state it .
I do n’t think in any case he’d be shunned or lose his place in the afterlife .
I do n’t think that is an issue .
But would he lose his standing and respect if he came out and said explicitly , I am not going to follow the prophet ?
It would be like Kennedy saying , I ’m not going to obey the Pope .
What he can say is , I ’m going to have to follow my own conscience , come what may .
And that statement would be perfectly acceptable , because every Mormon believes the same thing .
You have to follow your own conscience above all .
Can you sense that distinction , or is that not clear to you ?
FUND : Could you elaborate on that just a little bit ?
It ’s a distinction that a lot of people wo n’t want to understand , and some people refuse to understand it , and some people are just going to have to have it repeated over and over .
BUSHMAN : Yeah .
I do n’t know who of you can help me on this – how can I use different words ?
FUND : Well , what John F. Kennedy said in Houston was , I ’m a practicing Catholic .
I believe in my faith , but there is no reason that I ’m going to follow the dictates or the commandments of the church in my public life or in my actions as president .
They are not going to be dictated or overly influenced by the fact that I am a practicing , faithful Catholic .
BUSHMAN : Mitt Romney could easily make that statement .
The church has made that statement – that politicians are not required to comply .
FUND : Did the Mormon Church say something different before Reed Smoot ?
Before 1903 ?
Is there any factual basis for the claims of these former Mormons ?
BUSHMAN : It was not an issue in the 19th century because no Mormons were involved in politics .
FUND : Well , there were territorial governors .
Clearly there was a political leadership in the territory .
BUSHMAN : They were all imposed by the United States government .
There was no right to elect them .
There was an immense loyalty to Brigham Young , and people went along with his policies .
He had theocratic authority , but it never came down to that issue .
There was nothing that brought that issue to a head , so I would say that actually , there ’s nothing in Mormon history to sustain that belief – nothing I can think of right now .
CLAIRE BRINBERG , CNN : Has n’t Romney been kind of making the Kennedy comparison for all of his public life ?
I mean , when he ran for the Senate against Ted Kennedy , he cited the “ I do n’t speak for my church and my church does n’t speak for me ” line , so I do n’t know why he would not be willing to do it now .
But do you think that he might be forced to make a Kennedy speech , even though he ’s been laying that groundwork for decades ?
BUSHMAN : I think the problem is whether he can find an occasion where he can deliver that speech for the very reason that he has been saying it for decades .
You need to find a moment when the issue is posed in such a way that an answer is required and then he comes forward with it .
It may sound just like the same old thing , because what more can he say than he ’s already said ?
He needs some way to drive the point home .
WOODWARD : This thing that John ’s just read , it seems to me , has a basis in fact .
And this is one reason why some clarification is going to have to be made .
My understanding is that if a revelation or a very serious teaching comes along , I ’m to confirm it with my own personal experience .
But if I won’t , or just simply can’t do it , or if I do n’t buy it , as long as I keep quiet , that ’s fine .
But I cause scandal to the church and to other Mormons if I speak publicly .
I suspect – correct me if I ’m wrong , I ’m not the Mormon in this room – but it seems to me that ’s what this pamphlet is about .
It ’s using that to tar or handicap Mr. Romney in a different setting , and it seems to me it ’s that kind of thing that requires him to speak out and clarify these things .
BUSHMAN : There have been lots of people who have spoken out , Gene England , whom you know , being one of them .
Occasionally he was talked to by this person or that person , asking what he was up to , but he was never forced out of the church .
WOODWARD : My understanding is that you can be .
As long as that ’s there , you ’re going to get people like this saying , uh huh , you see ?
BUSHMAN : I do n’t think you can be .
You can be if you oppose the doctrine of the church in the sense of teaching directly against it .
But especially on political issues , I do n’t think you could find any precedent of that happening .
WOODWARD : Well , I agree , they ’re applying a possible sanction in one sphere to another sphere to criticize Romney , it seems to me .
In other words , what you ’re saying is right .
It would n’t apply to a political statement , but it does apply to some kinds of things that are publicly opposed by a teacher , say , at BYU or something like that .
Some of the feminists have gone through this .
I think since it ’s possible in that sphere , they might drip on Romney unfairly .
BUSHMAN : Yeah .
PAUL FARHI , THE WASHINGTON POST : I want to come back to a question you raised right at the beginning , which is , Why does this prejudice continue ?
Mitt Romney ’s father ran for president .
I was a little kid at the time .
I do n’t really remember , mainly because I was n’t terribly engaged , but I do n’t remember the same level of concern , invective , or prejudice that we seem to see now against a Mormon candidate .
Have we devolved ?
Have we gone retrograde ?
BUSHMAN : I think his father was protected by the 1960 campaign .
We learned our lesson then .
If George Romney was in the shadow of Kennedy , Mitt Romney is in the shadow of the Christian right , where there ’s been all that intervention , so we ’re hyper - sensitive to religious involvement .
FARHI : That sounds like a yes .
BUSHMAN : That what , things have changed ?
FARHI : Well , that we ’ve somehow devolved in our political culture to where this kind of suspicion is a little more acceptable .
BUSHMAN : Yeah .
If your aim is a society where everybody can participate on an equal basis , no matter what their personal belief , then yes , we have devolved .
DAN HARRIS , ABC NEWS : I have two separate questions .
First , there ’s all this talk about the distrust among evangelicals toward Mormonism .
If you were working for the Romney campaign , what would you tell him to say to these people ?
There ’s this argument made by political experts that he ’s going to need them in order to win the primary or the general .
How can he bridge the gap ?
Also , you talked a lot in your opening remarks about how quickly the religion went from radical to conservative .
I wonder how Mormons today look back at their past and reconcile some of the differences .
Do they look back and say , wow , there were some excesses ?
Or is there something they say to themselves about their past that helps them bridge that gap internally ?
BUSHMAN : Your first question , I think , applies to Mormon doctrine rather than to the social issues , where he ’s got this problem .
There , I think the answer is emphasis on the positive .
I mean , he is a believer in Jesus Christ .
He ’s trying to live a Christian life , and I think going into details about Phil ’s description of the doctrines and trying to defend them is just going to get him into trouble .
I think he ’s got to emphasize what he truly is , and I think he ’s actually doing a pretty good job of that , or all he can do .
It may not be enough .
I ’m doubtful it ’ll be enough .
But I do n’t think there ’s anything else he can do – he ’s just going to get in more trouble than not .
On the radical versus conservative question , Mormons actually love their radical roots .
It ’s like all these neo-cons that once were Marxist .
( Laughter . )
I think there is a feeling that somehow religion was more intense then .
We were willing to give all , consecrate all of our property to the church .
We were willing to give up respectability by practicing plural marriage .
The plural marriage is sort of covered up by the church because it ’s a public relations disaster , but in terms of Mormons themselves , they ’re willing to honor those people as having done a lot .
So it ’s sort of our glorious flaming youth when we did many daring things .
And I think for intellectuals , it ’s a cultural resource that can be drawn on in times of need .
That is , there may come a time when we will need to become radical again for some reason to change the social order in some respect , to head back towards equality .
I do n’t think we ’ll go back to polygamy , but I think we might go back to a kind of a social radicalism in time .
That ’s the way I think of culture , as a mine of possibilities that you can draw upon from time to time .
That ’s why I do n’t like to repudiate anything , even if it ’s unpopular or ungainly at a certain moment in time .
Mormons do n’t have much trouble with that past , believe it or not .
ALAN COOPERMAN , THE WASHINGTON POST : I ’m reminded of a moment in 1996 when the mayor of Nizhny Novgorod , Russia , Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov , was considering a run for the Russian presidency and had been touted by none other than Boris Yeltsin himself as a possible successor .
And in the end , Nemtsov did not run , and he was asked why he did not run .
His answer was that his mother told him not to run because he ’s Jewish .
She said that if he ran and won , it would be a disaster for the Jews .
This conversation makes me feel that as Mitt Romney runs for the presidency , Americans are going to learn more about The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , and at least initially as they learn more about the church , their feelings toward the church are going to harden .
It strikes me that it ’s unlikely that Romney will get us over that hump .
I think that there ’s a certain point at which that would change , once Americans really understood Mormons , knew Mormons , et cetera , they might not feel such hard feelings toward the church .
But it strikes me as unlikely that the campaign will get us over that hump .
I wonder whether you agree , and whether you worry that in that sense , this campaign will be a disaster , in fact , for Mormons .
And , if I might just add , what could get us over the hump ?
Would it actually be knowing more about the church , or knowing individual Mormons and seeing how they live their lives in real ways ?
BUSHMAN : We had a previous conversation where you broached this theory , which I found very intriguing .
And so at lunch today I mentioned this to the people at
Alan Johnston has been held since 12 March
New Johnston video
In the tape , Mr Johnston says his captors have said they will detonate the vest if force is used to try to free him .
It is the second video released since Mr Johnston was abducted from a Gaza street on 12 March .
The BBC renewed its appeal for Mr Johnston 's immediate release .
" It is very distressing for Alan 's family and colleagues to see him being threatened in this way , " a BBC statement said .
" We ask those holding Alan to avoid him being harmed by releasing him immediately .
" We are keeping his family fully informed and offering them our continued support . "
Mr Johnston 's father , Graham , said : " My family and I are obviously most concerned and distressed at this latest development .
" Our thoughts , of course , are with Alan in his present predicament .
We earnestly request his abductors to release Alan , unharmed in any way . "
Talks ' promising '
In the tape , posted on a website used by militants , Mr Johnston is seen wearing a device around his torso and attached to shoulder straps .
We will not allow the continuation of the abduction of the British journalist
Ismail Haniya
Hamas leader in Gaza
Mr Johnston appeals for a peaceful resolution to his situation , saying talks had reached an advanced stage .
" Captors tell me that very promising negotiations were ruined when the Hamas movement and the British government decided to press for a military solution to this kidnapping . "
HAVE YOUR SAY I can't face watching the latest video .
It 's both that it would seem wrong to be a spectator , but also that I 'm too much of a coward to let my mind go there
Glyn Jones , North Harrow , UK
Send your message for Alan
" We will not allow the continuation of the abduction of the British journalist .
The issue of Alan Johnston must end , " he said in a speech to his supporters .
The British Foreign Office said it deplored such footage of Alan Johnston .
" We condemn the continued release of videos like this which can only add to the distress of Alan Johnston 's family and friends , " a spokeswoman said .
" They have not seen Alan for over 14 weeks .
Those holding Alan should release him . "
Mr Johnston was abducted by a group calling itself The Army of Islam .
A video was released on 1 June by the previously unknown radical Islamist group , in which the correspondent said he was in good health and was being treated well .
The Army of Islam has demanded the release of Abu Qatada , a Palestinian - born Islamic cleric who is suspected of having close links with al - Qaeda and is held by the UK government as a threat to national security .
Mr Johnston , from Scotland , was the only Western reporter permanently based in Gaza and his abduction has triggered appeals for his release from lawmakers and human rights groups around the world .
More than 170,000 people have signed an online petition calling for his release .
Text of latest Alan Johnston video :
" Captors tell me that very promising negotiations were ruined when the Hamas movement and the British government decided to press for a military solution to this kidnapping , and the situation is now very serious .
" As you can see , I 've been dressed in what is an explosive belt , which the kidnappers say will be detonated if there is any attempt to storm this area .
They say they 're ready to turn the hideout into what they describe as a death zone if there is an attempt to free me by force .
" I do appeal to the Hamas movement and the British government not to resort to the tactics of force in an effort to end this .
I would ask the BBC and anyone in Britain who wishes me well to support me in that appeal .
It seems the answer is to return to negotiations , which , I am told , are very close to achieving a deal . "
The researchers disovered at least 74 new temples
In pictures : Angkor Wat
Using radar , an international team have discovered at least 74 new temples and complex irrigation systems .
The map , published in the journal PNAS , extends the known settlement by 1000 sq km , about the size of Los Angeles .
Analysis also lends weight to the theory that Angkor 's residents were architects of the city 's demise .
" The large - scale city engineered its own downfall by disrupting its local environment by expanding continuously into the surrounding forests , " said Damian Evans of the University of Sydney and one of the authors of the paper and map .
Urban complex
Working with researchers from Australia , Cambodia and France , the map was produced from ground surveys , airborne photography , and ground - sensing radar from Nasa 's AIRSAR flying laboratory .
" The radar can sense differences in plant growth and moisture content that result from topographical variations of less than a metre , " Mr Evans said .
The data allowed the researchers to peer through the vegetation that now shrouds the World Heritage site .
It suggests that the medieval settlement surrounding Angkor , the one - time capital of the Khmer empire which flourished between the ninth and 14th centuries , was at least three times larger than previously thought .
The team believes it could have covered 3,000 sq km ( 1,150 sq miles ) , the largest pre-industrial complex of its kind .
Its nearest rival is Tikal , a Mayan city in Guatemala , which covers between 100 and 150 sq km ( 40 - 60 sq miles ) .
The detailed survey also allowed the researchers to map at least 74 new temples as well as more than 1,000 manmade ponds .
Water works
They also discovered that the city 's water supply probably relied on a single complex channel that extended 20 to 25 km out from Angkor city .
Radar allowed the team to peer beneath the vegetation
Enlarge Image
The researchers say that the system , until now thought to be purely decorative and ceremonial , was probably used to support farming , in particular intensive rice agriculture .
In all , the newly mapped terrain could have supported half a million people , the researchers believe .
The new analysis of the irrigation system also sheds light on the civilization 's collapse in the 14th century .
" We saw signs that embankments had been breached and of ad hoc repairs to bridges and dams , suggesting that the system became unmanageable over time , " Mr Evans told the AFP news agency .
In addition , deforestation , over population , topsoil erosion could have contributed to the population 's sudden disappearance .
" Angkor was extensive enough , and the agricultural exploitation intensive enough , to have created a number of very serious environmental problems , " he said .
Anyone who has followed consumer electronics and online services knows that once a product reaches dominance , it becomes very hard for it to be dethroned ( hello , iPod , Google , and Windows ) .
Economists have argued for years regarding the costs involved in finding and adopting alternatives , but the psychologists will point out that familiarity and comfort play major roles in keeping consumers loyal to an incumbent .
Research that appears in the Journal of Consumer Research delves into how these factors , collectively termed " Cognitive Lock - in , " develop and play out .
The authors of the study point out that previous research has shown that cognitive lock - in is not just an abstract concern , but one comes with real - world costs : " the costs associated with thinking about and using a particular product decrease as a function of the amount of experience a consumer has with it .
Thus , repeated consumption or use of an incumbent product results in a ( cognitive ) switching cost that increases the probability that a consumer will continue to choose the incumbent over competing alternatives . "
This suggests that , even if a product is n't especially easy to use , familiarity with it may overcome that drawback as , ultimately , its users do n't have to think about their actions in order to get things done anymore .
The authors note that this is borne out by real - world data , as Internet usage statistics show that visit times at commercial web sites decline over time .
That decline , in turn , leads to positive results : those which show the biggest decreases in visit times rack up the most sales .
The paper contends , however , that these sorts of effects are actually separate from any affection or trust , or even objective measures of product superiority .
The authors suggest that a user 's ability to detect a product 's actual ease - of - use is quite limited , and familiarity is ultimately in control of cognitive lock - in .
To test this , they designed two alternate interfaces for a news web site : one navigated primarily by pull - down menus , the other by radio buttons .
Test users did not indicate that the two differed in terms of ease of use , function , or enjoyment .
They then set subjects loose with the goal of searching for information on the site in situations where there was always a single correct path to navigate to the needed material .
After a variable number of exposures ( typically anywhere from one to nine ) , the subjects were presented with the alternate interface and asked to choose .
As the authors expected , the number of trials had a positive , linear effect on the subject 's preference for the interface they were using .
This effect was so strong that , afterwards , 81 percent of the subjects claimed that the interface they were assigned was the one they would have chosen , and very few of them believed that their choice had anything to do with their familiarity .
The one thing that could block familiarity from ruling the choice of interface was an error , a misnavigation that resulted in a dead - end .
As the authors put it , " the negative effect of having made errors using a product on preference for that product is persistent and essentially irrecoverable , even with a significant amount of additional experience . "
This was the only item that appears to factor into a user 's perception of ease - of - use , as the actual steps each search wound up taking had no correlation to how easy users perceived things were .
To explore ease - of - use a bit further , the authors artificially manipulated the length of the search path .
After a single exposure , this actual ease - of - use effect made a large difference : the " easy interface " was chosen by about 75 percent of those who used it , while less than half of the subject who got the hard one liked it .
But familiarity gradually erased this difference .
By nine trials , the " hard interface " had become the choice of 65 percent of those who had been stuck with it .
The authors argue that their results indicate that consumers learn interfaces — web - based and electronic — simply by a trial - and - error process .
As long as errors are n't that common , the trial portion of things will bring them a familiarity that ultimately produces the cognitive lock - in .
If there 's a weakness to the study , it 's that they do n't register the number of errors ; instead , they analyze errors as being present or absent .
Given the sample sizes , it 's doubtful that differences in the error number would register as significant , but a follow - up study that related choice to frequency of mistakes would be informative .
The study also suggests that some efforts that attempt to leverage interface familiarity in new markets ( a common practice in the tech world ) may be misguided .
In their final experiment , the researchers swapped tasks on the subjects , asking them to instead navigate to and post in a discussion of a news article .
In that case , familiarity with the news site 's search interface did n't translate to a preference for using that interface for the discussion thread .
Overall , the results suggest that all the years of arguments over the relative merits of things like the Mac and Windows user interfaces were a waste of time : we 're generally convinced that whatever we 're familiar with is the best .
That said , future choices go on against a backdrop of economic considerations and heavy marketing .
Given the prominent role these researchers assign error , maybe Apple is on the right track when they try to remind people of every annoyance they might have experienced on a PC ...
Researchers in the Department of Neuroscience at Mount Sinai School of Medicine have identified taste receptors in the human intestines .
The taste receptor T1R3 and the taste G protein gustducin are critical to sweet taste in the tongue .
Research now shows these two sweet - sensing proteins are also expressed in specialized taste cells of the gut where they sense glucose within the intestine .
“ We now know that the receptors that sense sugar and artificial sweeteners are not limited to the tongue .
Our work is an important advance for the new field of gastrointestinal chemosensation – how the cells of the gut detect and respond to sugars and other nutrients , ” said lead author , Robert F. Margolskee , MD , PhD Professor of Neuroscience at Mount Sinai School of Medicine .
“ Cells of the gut taste glucose through the same mechanisms used by taste cells of the tongue .
The gut taste cells regulate secretion of insulin and hormones that regulate appetite .
Our work sheds new light on how we regulate sugar uptake from our diets and regulate blood sugar levels . ”
These new findings , just published online in the August 20th , 2007 “ Early Edition ” of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , may lead to new treatments for obesity and diabetes .
The two new studies are titled - “ T1R3 and gustducin in gut sense sugars to regulate expression of Na+- glucose cotransporter 1 ” and “ Gut - expressed gustducin and taste receptors regulate secretion of glucagon - like peptide - 1 . ”
“ This work may explain why current artificial sweeteners may not help with weight loss , and may lead to the production of new non-caloric sweeteners to better control weight , ” said Dr. Margolskee .
“ Sensing glucose in the gastrointestinal tract is the first step in regulating blood sugar levels .
Having discovered the identity of the gut ’s sweet receptors may open the way for new treatment options for obesity and diabetes . ”
How Taste Receptors Work
Prior to this research , the intestinal sugar sensors were unknown .
Dr. Margolskee and his colleagues Dr. Josephine M. Egan , Dr. Soraya P. Shirazi-Beechey and Dr. Zaza Kokrashvili reasoned that the sugar sensors of the tongue ’s taste buds might also be there in the gut .
Sweet taste in the tongue depends on the taste receptor T1R3 and the taste G protein gustducin .
The small intestine is the major site where dietary sugars are absorbed into the body to provide energy , and maintain normal metabolism and homeostasis .
If glucose is absorbed in excess obesity may occur .
T1R3 and gustducin , critical to sweet taste in the tongue , are also expressed in specialized taste cells of the gut where they sense glucose within the intestine .
Carbohydrate ingested from meals & beverages breaks down into glucose , which stimulates the sweet - sensing proteins in these gut taste cells .
Activating the sweet–sensing proteins of the gut taste cells promotes secretion of glucagon - like peptide - 1 ( GLP - 1 ) , an intestinal hormone that plays a key role in promoting insulin secretion and regulating appetite .
http://www.mountsinai.org
( CNN ) -- A U.S. military plane carrying three U.S. senators and one member of the House of Representatives came under fire Thursday night as it left Baghdad , Iraq , but it was not hit and flew safely to Amman , Jordan .
Clockwise from top left : Sen. James Inhofe , Sen. Mel Martinez , Rep. Bud Cramer , Sen. Richard Shelby
A Pentagon source said the small - arms fire appeared to be random and came from too far away to hit the C - 130 transport .
On the flight were Sens. Richard Shelby , R- Alabama ; Mel Martinez , R- Florida ; James Inhofe , R- Oklahoma ; and Rep. Bud Cramer , D - Alabama .
Shelby described the situation as " kind of dicey . "
" We were shot at by three rockets , " Shelby said in a statement Friday .
" It was dark as the dickens , and I was looking out the small window on the plane and I saw a shell .
We saw them , they were popping , and we saw the flares . "
The flares are part of the missile avoidance system aboard the C - 130 aircraft .
The heat from the flares are a countermeasure to attract rockets that have heat - seeking guidance systems .
Shelby added that the plane " started maneuvering , changing directions , shaking us all around , and then I saw another shell near the plane .
It 's a hostile area , it was a tough area , but the flight crew was very professional ; they really did a tremendous job . "
Cramer , in a separate statement , said , " Our plane leaving Iraq was fired upon , and it was a close call , but this is something that our men and women in combat face every day .
The flight crew was outstanding , and I credit them for the way they handled the situation . "
Multi-National Force - Iraq , in a statement issued Friday , said the C - 130 crew " dispensed flares as a defensive countermeasure and conducted standard evasive maneuvers .
The aircraft , crew and passengers safely completed their flight . "
In Baghdad , Iraq 's government expressed hope that Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr 's decision to suspend the activities of his Mehdi Army militia for six months will prompt other armed groups to follow suit .
Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki 's office issued a statement Thursday welcoming al - Sadr 's announcement , made in the aftermath of clashes between Shiite militias in Karbala , Baghdad and Babil province .
Security officials said there was fighting between elements of the Mehdi Army and Badr Organization , the armed force of the rival Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq .
More than 50 people died this week as fighting broke out during a Shiite pilgrimage to the southern city of Karbala .
" This initiative is an encouraging step toward consolidating security and stability throughout the country and an opportunity for the suspension of the work of the rest of the militias in various political and ideological affiliations to preserve the unity , independence and sovereignty of Iraq , " al - Maliki 's office said .
Al - Sadr 's political movement " will remain active " and " a true partner in the political process , " al - Maliki 's office said .
On Friday , four policemen were killed and five people were wounded in a car bombing in northern Iraq , police said .
The explosive detonated near a convoy in Samarra , said police in that Salaheddin province city .
U.S. - led coalition troops on Friday killed five insurgents and detained 13 others in raids across Iraq , the U.S. military said .
The five were killed and five were detained southwest of Balad in Salaheddin when troops targeted an al Qaeda in Iraq leader .
" Intelligence reports indicate he recently assumed a position coordinating terrorist logistics between Baghdad and Mosul , and may be trying to obtain chemical weapons for use in attacks against coalition forces , " the military said .
The military did not say whether the al Qaeda in Iraq member was killed or detained .
Other raids occurred north of Tarmiya , in Baiji in the north and in Baghdad , where a suspected key leader in the city 's car - bombing network was detained , the military said .
On Wednesday , U.S. Marines , backed by air support , killed 12 men believed to be al Qaeda in Iraq terrorists in Anbar province , the U.S. military said Friday .
According to the military , the Marines engaged a group of men loading objects into three cargo trucks near Karma , a town about 40 miles ( 64 kilometers ) west of Baghdad .
Marine Corps
Harrier jets were called in and dropped two precision - guided bombs , destroying two vehicles .
Marines said they found weapons and bomb - making materials at the scene .
Also , a U.S. Marine and soldier were killed in separate attacks Wednesday in Anbar , the military said .
Both were assigned to the Multi-National Force - West .
The U.S. military death toll in the Iraq war stands at 3,730 ; seven civilian contractors also have been killed .
The military has reported 79 U.S. troop deaths during August , matching last month 's toll .
Those figures are lower than fatalities in the previous three months , when there were 100 U.S. deaths in June , 126 in May and 104 in April .
Meanwhile , about 1,500 detainees will be released from Iraqi prisons during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , a statement from the office of Iraqi Vice President Tariq al - Hashimi said .
About 50 people per day will be set free from " American prisons , " al - Hashimi adviser Omar al - Jabouri said .
Goodwill gestures are common during Ramadan -- a monthlong observance of daytime fasting and prayer that will begin around September 12 .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Raja Razek contributed to this report .
All About Iraq War • Baghdad
Django , Accelerated
As of yesterday , this site is served from a Joyent Accelerator , running Django via Apache / mod_python backed by a PostgreSQL database .
This setup probably is n’t for everybody , but if it ’s right for you ( and only you can make that call ) , here ’s how I got everything running .
First things first
Make sure you ’ve taken preliminary steps to secure your Accelerator before you do anything with it ; this means things like setting up key - based SSH authentication and turning off password - based login , disabling SSH logins by root , etc. ; the Joyent wiki has a “ getting started with your Accelerator ” guide , as well as a guide to turning off password logins and links to documentation which covers much of the rest of what you ’ll want .
I also highly recommend disabling Webmin , the default Apache and Postfix ; we ’ll be setting up our own Apache to replace the default one , Webmin will still be accepting password authentication ( and you do n’t really need it to use Django ) and it ’s relatively easy to use an external mail server with Django ( I use a Joyent Connector ) so you wo n’t need Postfix :
sudo svcadm disable webmin : default sudo svcadm disable http:cswapache2 sudo svcadm disable postfix : default
Choose a package system
By default , an Accelerator comes configured to take advantage of Blastwave , a community - driven packaging system designed specifically for Solaris and OpenSolaris ( Accelerators all run OpenSolaris ) .
This is the sort of package manager you ’re probably used to if you ’re coming from a Linux or Linux - ish background : you type a command ( in this case , pkg - get ) , followed by some options and a package name , and the package manager goes off and does its business .
So , for example , to install mod_python for Apache 2 , you ’d type
sudo pkg - get - i ap2_modpython
And it would dutifully fetch and install the ap2 _modpython package , checking dependencies along the way .
But there have been some complaints about Blastwave : it ’s a fairly young system , and so the range of available packages is somewhat limited ( and downright spotty in some areas ) and there are quite a few Django - related packages which are fairly out - of - date ; for example , Blastwave is still on Python 2.3.5 ( which will work with Django , but is still two major revisions behind the Python language ) .
If you ’re OK with that , do n’t read any further ; Jared Kuolt has written a step - by - step guide for setting up Django using Blastwave packages which should fulfill all your needs .
His tutorial uses MySQL , but it ’s fairly easy to adapt for other databases .
It ’s also shorter and quicker than what I ’ve done , so if you ’re looking for a quick payoff go with Blastwave .
I wanted a more recent Python and a better package selection , so I went a different route and used pkgsrc , the NetBSD packaging system .
Do n’t be fooled by the name ; NetBSD focuses heavily on portability , and one of the fruits of that is that their package system works on a variety of different operating systems including Solaris .
If you ’re used to apt - get or yum or similar tools from the Linux world , pkgsrc is going to seem somewhat strange at first : instead of downloading binary packages , you ’ll ( most of the time ) be downloading the source code for the packages and compiling them ; pkgsrc just makes it easy by resolving dependencies for you and keeping track of what ’s installed .
If you want to be adventurous and go the pkgsrc route , start by following this excellent getting - started guide on the Joyent wiki ( courtesy of Filip ) .
Once you ’ve followed his instructions to get pkgsrc bootstrapped on your Accelerator , come back over here to hit the Django - specific bits .
Pay special attention to the cron job you ’ll be instructed to set up for downloading security notices , and make a note to regularly use the audit - packages utility to see whether there are any packages you need to remove or upgrade .
The official pkgsrc guide has more information on this , and you ’ll want to read it thoroughly before you get your feet wet .
Setting up required packages
Assuming you ’ve got pkgsrc set up per Filip ’s instructions , there ’s one last bit of configuration you ’ll need to do before you start installing things ; open up the file / opt / local / etc/mk.conf and add the following line to the configuration :
ACCEPTABLE_LICENSES +
= fee - based - commercial-use
Without this line , OpenSSL will not build .
Now , start installing things ( remember that you ’ll either need to become root or use sudo for all of these , and that you ’ll have to wait in between commands for each package to download , compile and install ) :
cd /opt/pkgsrc/lang/python-24/ bmake && bmake install cd /opt/pkgsrc/databases/postgresql82/ bmake && bmake install cd /opt/ pkgsrc/databases/py-psycopg2/ bmake && bmake install cd / opt/ pkgsrc/www/apache22/ bmake && bmake install cd / opt / pkgsrc/www/ap2-python/ bmake && bmake install cd / opt / pkgsrc / textproc / py-docutils/ bmake && bmake install
Once that ’s done you ’ll have fairly recent versions of Apache , mod_python , Python ( as the binary / opt / local / bin / python24 ) , PostgreSQL , psycopg2 and docutils ( for the Django admin documentation ) installed .
The Django 0.96 release is also available ( as www / py - django ) , but I prefer to work from a Subversion checkout .
If that ’s living too dangerously for your taste , go ahead and install the package to stick with the release version of Django .
Setting up a place for Python modules
For sake of convenience , you ’ll want to create a directory to hold all of your assorted Python code ( SVN checkout of Django , third - party modules that are n’t in pkgsrc , all the projects / applications you ’ll be using , etc. ) which will be on your Python import path .
Ideally this will be somewhere that ’s outside your administrative user ’s home directory ( so that you do n’t have to give Apache permission to read in there ) , but still writable by that user .
I ’m a fan of having that directory be /home / code :
cd / home mkdir code chown youruser : yourgroup code
Now edit your user ’s . bashrc file , and the global . bashrc , to include these lines , which will set up paths properly and ensure you ’re using the python24 binary :
export PATH = /opt/local/bin:/opt/local/sbin:/usr/xpg4/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/ccs/bin:/usr/sfw/bin : $ PATH export PYTHONPATH = /home / code : $ PYTHONPATH alias python = ' python2.4 '
Then either log out and in again , or use source ~/. bash_profile && source ~/. bashrc to update your environment .
Get Django ( and anything else you need )
Do a Subversion checkout of Django :
cd /home / code svn co http://code.djangoproject.com/svn/django/trunk/django
You can test that it works by firing up a Python interpreter and doing from django import VERSION , then printing VERSION ; it should say ( 0 , 97 , ‘ pre ’ ) .
While you ’re in there , go ahead and do checkouts or downloads of any other Python modules or Django applications you want , and also upload your Django project .
For templating purposes , I usually like to create a / home / html or / home / templates in much the same fashion as / home / code , so feel free to borrow that practice and put your templates in there ( and remember to edit your TEMPLATE_DIRS setting if you do ) .
Set up PostgreSQL
At this point PostgreSQL is installed , but is n’t configured and is n’t running , and we need to fix that .
First , we have to initialize it with a data directory , and this — like all PostgreSQL management tasks — must be done as the user postgres ; PostgreSQL will not let you do these things as root :
su - bash cd / opt / local mkdir var cd var mkdir pgdata chown postgres : postgres pgdata su postgres initdb - D / opt / local / var / pgdata
This creates a PostgreSQL data directory at / opt / local / var / pgdata , sets its ownership to the postgres user , and initializes it properly .
Inside that directory you ’ll find the relevant PostgreSQL configuration files ; the first thing you should do is make backup copies of them :
cp pg_hba.conf { , . bak } cp postgresql.conf { , . bak }
This will create pg_hba.conf.bak as a copy of pg_hba.conf , and postgresql.conf.bak as a copy of postgresql.conf .
It ’s a good idea to also download copies of those files and put them somewhere safe just in case you ever need them .
Next you ’ll want to edit the configuration files ; pg_hba.conf controls authentication , and postgresql.conf is the main configuration file .
First off , open up pg_hba.conf and scroll down to the bottom , where you ’ll see the following :
# TYPE DATABASE USER CIDR - ADDRESS METHOD # " local " is for Unix domain socket connections only local all all trust # IP v4 local connections : host all all 127.0.0.1/32 trust # IP v6 local connections : host all all ::1/128 trust
Comment out or remove the last four lines , so that it looks like this :
# TYPE DATABASE USER CIDR - ADDRESS METHOD # " local " is for Unix domain socket connections only local all all trust
This will “ trust ” connections on the local Unix socket PostgreSQL listens to , meaning that those connections will not need a password .
Now , edit postgresql.conf and add this line :
listen_addresses = ''
This means PostgreSQL will not accept any connections over IP ; it will only listen to the local socket ( which we ’ve already set it up to trust ) .
If you do need to have it listen on an IP address , you ’ll want to change your pg_hba.conf to require a password for those connections , but it ’s easiest to just listen on the Unix socket .
The definitive guide to PostgreSQL ’s authentication system is the official documentation for pg_hba.conf from the PostgreSQL online manual ; if you want to do something different , follow that guide .
Aside from telling PostgreSQL to only listen on the local socket , you probably do n’t want to mess with the rest of the configuration ; on a dedicated database server with a lot of RAM you ’d have to change some things to get decent performance , but the default settings are n’t too bad for most of the Accelerator options ( where you have less RAM available and have to take other things , like Apache , into account ) .
So leave the rest of that file as - is for now , and only come back to it if you ’re seeing performance problems ; if you do have problems , Frank Wiles ’ guide to PostgreSQL tuning is one of the best out there ( disclaimer : Frank used to work for a different branch of the same company I work for ; all that means in this case is that I know he knows his stuff ) .
Now that it ’s configured , start the server manually ( as the postgres user ) :
pg_ctl - D /opt / local / var / pgdata start
Now you ’ll be able to connect to it and create a database user for Django ( again , do this as the postgres user ) ; PostgreSQL will ask if the new user should be created as a superuser , be able to create roles and databases , etc. ; answer ‘ no ’ to these questions :
createuser django
And finally — still as the postgres user — create the database for Django to connect to :
createdb - O django your_database_name
Then shut down the PostgreSQL server ( in a moment , we ’ll register it with Solaris ’ service - management facility , which will start it and keep it running automatically ) :
pg_ctl - D /opt / local / var / pgdata stop
If you ’re used to Linux , you ’re probably familiar with the system of init scripts which start and stop various services ; for example , to start Apache on Linux you usually type something like / etc / init.d / httpd start , and have a symlink into an /etc / rc.d directory which tells the system to start and stop it automatically .
Solaris uses a system called SMF , which is a bit more complicated but has several big advantages :
It presents a single unified interface to all services , so you only have to learn one set of commands .
It actively monitors all of the registered services and can re-start them automatically if they crash , or report problems if they ca n’t be started .
It lets you specify dependencies between services so that , for example , you can tell it not to try to start Apache unless the network interfaces are running and the relevant filesystems have been mounted .
This is pretty handy , so it ’s worth the extra trouble to set things up via SMF ; if you ’re interested in more detail , Joyent ’s Ben Rockwood has an excellent explanation of key SMF concepts , and regularly blogs about other useful Solaris topics .
What we ’re concerned with here is that there are two parts to registering a new service with SMF :
A shell script which includes some SMF - specific files and knows how to start , stop and reload the service , and An XML “ manifest ” which tells SMF about the service .
Examples of both of these files are available from Sun ’s documentation for PostgreSQL on Solaris , but we ’ll need to edit both of them to make them work with the version of PostgreSQL we set up with pkgsrc .
First you ’ll need to get the shell script in place ; I ’ve already prepared an edited version and — assuming you followed the instructions above and have everything installed from pkgsrc in / opt / local — you should be able to just use that without any trouble , so do the following ( either as root , or using sudo ) :
cd /opt / local / lib mkdir svc cd svc mkdir method cd method wget http://media.b-list.org/files/postgresql.txt mv postgresql.txt postgresql chmod 555 postgresql
Now you need the XML manifest ; I ’ve also prepared an edited version of the file which should work , so you can download and register it like so :
wget http://media.b-list.org/files/postgresql.xml.txt mv postgresql.xml.txt postgresql.xml svccfg import postgresql.xml
Now run svcs - a to verify that the service svc:/ application / database / postgresql : default is listed as imported successfully ; if it shows up there , you can enable it by running svcadm enable postgresql : default .
This will start the PostgreSQL server , and keep it running automatically .
To verify that it ’s working , try connecting with the user you set up :
psql - U django your_database_name
You should get an interactive PostgreSQL prompt ; if you do n’t , go back and check that you ’ve set everything up properly .
Set up Apache
Configuring and starting Apache is a little bit less involved ; you ’re using mod_python , so the official Django / mod_python documentation should cover everything you need to do apart from the defaults ; remember that / home / code needs to be added to the Python import path using the PythonPath directive , and remember that you ’ll need to explicitly load mod_python by having this line in your httpd.conf :
LoadModule python_module /opt/local/lib/httpd/mod_python.so
You ’ll also want to disable HTTP keep - alive , because that will just tie up a server process longer than needed :
KeepAlive Off
Before you edit your httpd.conf file ( which will be in / opt / local / etc / httpd ) , remember to make a backup copy :
cd /opt/local/etc/httpd cp httpd.conf { , . bak }
I ’ve also put together a minimal httpd .conf file you can look through if you ’re interested in some of the relevant settings , but I recommend using that only as a guide to writing your own configuration file ; you ’ll probably want at least some of those settings to be different .
Once your configuration file is in place , test that Apache configuration works by manually starting the server :
/opt/local/sbin/apachectl start
If there are no error messages , hit your site ’s IP address in a browser to make sure it ’s serving up Django correctly .
If it is , stop the server :
/opt/local/sbin/apachectl stop
Now you can register it with SMF ; again , I ’ve provided working samples of the shell script and XML manifest which you can use :
cd /opt/local/lib/svc/method wget http://media.b-list.org/files/apache22.txt mv apache22.txt apache22 chmod 555 apache22 wget http://media.b-list.org/files/apache22.xml.txt mv apache22.xml.txt apache22.xml svccfg import apache22.xml
Again , use svcs - a to make sure it imported properly , and then svcadm enable apache 22 : default will start Apache and keep it running .
Where to go from here
At this point you should have Django installed properly with a recent Python , PostgreSQL running with the psycopg2 adapter for Django to talk to it , and Apache with mod_python running to serve your site .
From here on out , you can make whatever changes you like ( when you change your code and need to restart Apache , use svcadm refresh apach e 22 : default ) , but this setup is what I ’m using to serve this site , so if you ’re reading this it works .
The only major thing I ’ve left out here is how to handle static media ; as always , it ’s recommended that you use a separate server to handle that , though the Django documentation will tell you how to configure Apache to serve static files alongside Django .
For this site , I purchased a BingoDisk account ; Bingo is a pretty simple service which simply sells storage space and lets you serve files directly out of it , and lets you point a DNS CNAME record at it so that it can appear to be your domain ( or a subdomain ; I have media .b - list.org pointing at mine ) , and so far I ’ve been pretty happy with it ( just be careful to keep everything public in your public directory , and not to do anything which would force a browser to go outside of that — if , for example , a browser tries to request / favicon.ico as part of a web page , your visitors will see an ugly authentication prompt ) .
I ’d recommend Bingo or a similar dedicated file - serving system just because it ’s easier than running two servers or reconfiguring Apache , but how you handle it is up to you .
And , as always , remember to keep your server secure : set up the cron job to download pkgsrc security announcements , and regularly use audit - packages to look for problems .
It ’s also a good idea to have a cron job do a dump of your database and send it to a backup service ( I recommend Strongspace ) .
Beyond that , the sky ’s the limit ; I ’ve only been in production mode on the Accelerator for about 24 hours , but I ’ve been tweaking and testing for a little while now and so far I ’ve been very pleased with the performance and the flexibility .
So if you find shared hosting a bit too limiting and do n’t mind paying the premium ( both in terms of pricing and of becoming your own sysadmin ) for more power , or if you ’re setting up a site which needs more flexibility or a more reliable platform , I ’d highly recommend checking out Joyent ’s various Accelerator plans .
Addendum : how to handle security updates
Updated September 10 , 2007 : I just saw from running audit - packages ( you did remember to do that regularly , right ? ) that there was a vulnerability in Apache ; it only affects mod_proxy , but I decided to go ahead and do the upgrade anyway .
For the curious , what happens is that audit - packages tells you there ’s a vulnerability in one or more packages , lists them and provides URLs for the relevant security notices ; in this case the vulnerable package is www / apache 22 .
Here ’s what I did to upgrade :
cd /opt / pkgsrc && cvs -q up -d cd /opt/ pkgsrc/www/apache22 bmake update
The number 1 source for training programs and schools .
This is very serious .
As John Aravosis reported at Americablog , Hillary Clinton 's life has been threatened at Bill O'Reilly 's website .
People that paid to participate in his forums said ,
" If Hillary wins , I will be respectful of our leader .
If you could read my thoughts , I would be on the SS [ Secret Service ] watch list . "
As John points out , there 's only one reason people are put on a Secret Servie watch list .
The hatred on display at Bill O'Reilly.com is frankly shocking .
Here 's another example :
" As a woman , i would open the door for her ..... now , if there was nothing on the other side but empty space and a 50 foot drop into a moat filled leeches and ( gulp ) rats ... well , I can't be held responsible . "
I have been informed that the FBI was called .
My source tells me they rec'd a call back from the Secret Service .
An investigation of BillOReilly.com is underway .
Update [ 2007-7-25 11:53:11 by Mike Stark ] : More from John :
Until tonight , I had n’t taken the time to fully research Barack Obama ’s position on the role of religion in politics .
His broad - minded and inclusive position is quite extraordinary .
Here is the video of Obama ’s “ Call to Renewal Keynote Address ” in Washington , DC on June 28th , 2006 .
Here is a fairly accurate ( but imperfect ) transcript of that speech .
The 40 - minute speech contains many gems of wisdom .
I will quote only one portion of the speech here and invite everyone to watch the video in its entirety :
Given the increasing diversity of America ’s population , the dangers of sectarianism have never been greater .
Whatever we once were , we are no longer just a Christian nation ; we are also a Jewish nation , a Muslim nation , a Buddhist nation , a Hindu nation , and a nation of nonbelievers .
And even if we did have only Christians within our borders , whose Christianity would we teach in the schools ?
James Dobson ’s , or Al Sharpton’s ?
Which passages of Scripture should guide our public policy ?
Should we go with Levitacus , which suggests slavery is ok and that eating shellfish is abomination ?
How about Deuteronomy , which suggests stoning your child if he strays from the faith ?
Or should we just stick to the Sermon on the Mount – a passage so radical that it ’s doubtful that our Defense Department would survive its application ?
This brings me to my second point .
Democracy demands that the religiously motivated translate their concerns into universal , rather than religion - specific , values .
It requires that their proposals be subject to argument , and amenable to reason .
I may be opposed to abortion for religious reasons , but if I seek to pass a law banning the practice , I cannot simply point to the teachings of my church or evoke God ’s will .
I have to explain why abortion violates some principle that is accessible to people of all faiths , including those with no faith at all .
This may be difficult for those who believe in the inerrancy of the Bible , as many evangelicals do .
But in a pluralistic democracy , we have no choice .
Politics depends on our ability to persuade each other of common aims based on a common reality .
It involves the compromise , the art of the possible .
At some fundamental level , religion does not allow for compromise .
It insists on the impossible .
If God has spoken , then followers are expected to live up to God ’s edicts , regardless of the consequences .
To base one ’s life on such uncompromising commitments may be sublime ; to base our policy making on such commitments would be a dangerous thing .
I have never before heard a politician speaking so frankly yet comfortably on the topic of religion .
Obama ’s speech gives me hope that we can find a way to work together as one country .
He is one of the very few American politicians who has specifically invited good - hearted non-believers to sit at the same table as good - hearted believers .
He is one of the very few politicians to say what needs to be said about religious zealotry : that the insincere believers out there , those who merely invoking the name of God without showing good will , should n’t get a political leg up on anyone else .
Obama makes it clear that using one ’s own Religion as a sword against non-believers or against those who belong to minority sects is unacceptable intolerant aggression , pure and simple .
Obama thus envisions a tent that is n’t big enough for every single American , because some of us have been too thoroughly poisoned by the fear - mongering , name - calling and the scape - goating of the past six years .
But there is hope for the rest of us and , ultimately , for all of us .
Gay Marriage Should be a Non-Issue
Too many people place great importance on a given politician ’s position on the issue of gay marriage .
Debate about whether or not to allow gays to marry has no place in politics , local or national .
When it comes right down to it spending government resources on this issue is a violation of church and state .
Frankly I ’m tired of hearing about it and I wish certain segments of this society would grow up .
Let ’s not try to kid ourselves into believing that any objections to gay marriage are not based entirely on religious beliefs .
The same people who keep telling us that marriage is a union between a man and a woman are the same people that have been trying to cram their beliefs down the throats of the rest of us for as long as I can remember .
Marriage should be available to anyone who is of legal age .
To those who object so strongly to allowing gays to marry my question is , how does this affect you ?
If a gay couple in the next block marries and nobobdy makes a big damn deal about it you would n’t even know they were there .
Media Telecon : Bizarre Star
Galaxy Evolution Explorer Media Telecon : Aug. 15 , 2007 , 1 p.m. EST ( 10 a.m. PST ) Astronomers are scheduled to announce new findings about a star unlike any seen before at a media teleconference Wednesday , Aug. 15 , at 10 a.m. PST ( 1 p.m. EST ) .
The findings are from NASA 's Galaxy Evolution Explorer .
Toll free number : 1-800-593-1179 | International toll number : 210-795-9369
Passcode : GalexAn instant replay of the telecon is available 24 hours a day through Aug. 22 : Toll free number : 866-505-9257 International toll number : 203-369-1881 Broadcast quality video file ( animation , images and sound bites ) to accompany this story are available through the Pathfire distribution service .
In the DMG Content Provider Panel , select News , Video News Feeds , VNF Provider B. Select the NASA - JPL tab .
Double - click on the Slug to preview the package contents .
For other video options , call JPL Media Relations at 818-354-5011 . , Principal Investigator , NASA 's Galaxy Evolution Explorer , California Institute of Technology , Pasadena , Curator , Department of Astrophysics , American Museum of Natural History , New York City , N.Y. , Astronomer , Observatories of the Carnegie Institution of Washington , Pasadena , Calif .
1. Johnny Appleseed of the CosmosA new ultraviolet mosaic from NASA 's Galaxy Evolution Explorer shows a speeding star named Mira ( pronounced my - rah ) that is leaving an enormous trail of " seeds " for new solar systems .
2 . A Real Shooting StarThis artist 's animation illustrates a star flying through our galaxy at supersonic speeds , leaving a 13 - light - year - long trail of glowing material in its wake .
Play animation : + Play animation - Lower resolution ( Quicktime - 6.5 Mb ) 3 . Evolution of Mira's Enormous TailThis chart illustrates the length ( top ) and age ( bottom ) of a long comet - like tail of material trailing behind a speeding star called Mira ( pronounced My-rah ) .
4 . Anatomy of a Shooting StarA close - up view of a star racing through space faster than a speeding bullet can be seen in this image from NASA 's Galaxy Evolution Explorer .
5 .
Supersonic BulletA bullet traveling through air at about 1.5 times the speed of sound can be seen in this image .
6 . Mira's Tail There All AlongAs this composite demonstrates , Mira 's tail is only visible in ultraviolet light ( top ) , and does not show up in visible light ( bottom ) .
A popular video recently posted on the Internet 's YouTube shows an immigration lawyer talking to a group of business people in May about the process of hiring foreigners for their companies .
" Our goal is clearly not to find a qualified US worker , " says the attorney in the video , an immigration lawyer at Cohen & Grigsby , a firm in Pittsburgh .
" In a sense , that sounds funny , but it 's what we 're trying to do here . "
To Norm Matloff , a professor of computer science at the University of California at Davis , such efforts to use loopholes in immigration laws that were supposed to give Americans and legal residents first crack at high - tech and other jobs is " absolutely outrageous . "
The real goal is to hire " cheap labor , " charges Dr. Matloff .
High - tech executives had backed a provision in the comprehensive immigration bill that failed in the Senate last Thursday to boost the number of H - 1B or other temporary visas for highly educated foreign workers .
Now , the focus will shift to " stand - alone " bills already before Congress that would accomplish the same goal , notes a spokesman for the Software & Information Industry Association .
Bill Gates , a Microsoft founder , has even called for unlimited H - 1B visas .
( The current theoretical limit is 65,000 . )
Supporters of the measure say the visas are necessary to fill positions because of a shortage of Americans skilled in computer or other sciences .
Matloff rejects those arguments and has been fighting to preserve computer jobs for native - born Americans and his students for years .
" There is nothing new in this video , " he says .
He recalls getting a document years ago in which a proponent of H - 1B visas referred to the arsenal of tools companies can use to legally reject any American applicant for a job in favor of a foreign worker .
But now that those tactics are on video , " everything changes , " Matloff says .
Viewers can see and hear with their own eyes and ears the words of this immigration lawyer and " his utter lack of scruples . "
The video was lifted from the law firm 's website and put on YouTube by the Programmers Guild , a nonprofit group with 1,500 members , most of them older than 40 , and many of whom can't find jobs in their areas of expertise .
To a degree , the Internet has changed the balance of power in a dispute between employees and employers and thus , perhaps , changed the balance of power in Washington 's political arena .
That 's particularly true when a group of sophisticated computer experts use their expertise in a public policy fight .
To Matloff , the H - 1B dispute is an example of how ruthless some businesses have become in their effort to get what they want from Congress .
The computer industry insists that it must be able to import highly skilled foreign workers to handle programming and other work .
Without those workers , firms would have to move those jobs to India , China , or other countries where labor is cheap in order to remain competitive .
John Miano , who runs his own programming firm , says such offshoring is " the latest fad . "
He notes that nearly all the world 's software was developed in the United States .
American culture makes programmers here efficient and innovative , he says , and offshoring over the past decade has n't saved US firms any money .
In addition , claims by high - tech firms that they pay prevailing wages to H - 1 Bworkers are false , Mr. Miano says .
In fact , their pay is about $ 12,000 a year less than American citizens would get for the same job , according to a new study by Miano for the Center for Immigration Studies , in Washington , D.C .
Proponents of more H - 1Bs also say there is a shortage of computer professionals in the US , reflected in an unemployment rate of a mere 2.4 percent .
But Miano says wages in the computer industry have been stagnant after inflation for 10 years , hardly a sign of a labor shortage .
Moreover , the low unemployment rate reflects the fact that programmers and others have left the industry in droves , unable to find work , often after training H - 1B replacements .
Several computer companies have laid off thousands of workers , while at the same time complaining of shortages .
A new study by the National Venture Capital Association finds that 1 in 4 US public firms backed by venture capital and created in the past 15 years were founded by immigrants .
Most of those immigrants , however , were not in the country on H - 1B visas , Matloff says .
Many were among several American co-founders .
Considering the high proportion of foreign - born Americans in the US today , the role of foreign founders is not disproportionately high , he notes .
While the H - 1B issue remains on the legislative counter , the US is losing considerable computer capabilities , Matloff maintains .
At his school , the number of computer - science students has fallen by 50 percent since its peak in the 1990s .
American computer programmers are an endangered species in the US , he says , as similar situations exist at other universities .
Neutron stars form when massive stars exhaust their fuel
The object , known as a neutron star , was studied using space telescopes and ground - based observatories .
But this one , located in the constellation Ursa Minor , seems to lack some key characteristics found in other neutron stars .
Details of the study , by a team of US and Canadian researchers , will appear in the Astrophysical Journal .
If confirmed , it would be only the eighth known " isolated neutron star " - meaning a neutron star that does not have an associated supernova remnant , binary companion , or radio pulsations .
Either Calvera is an unusual example of a known type of neutron star , or it is some new type of neutron star , the first of its kind
Robert Rutledge , McGill University
" The seven previously known isolated neutron stars are known collectively as The Magnificent Seven within the community , " said co-author Derek Fox , of Pennsylvania State University , US .
" So the name Calvera is a bit of an inside joke on our part . "
The authors estimate that the object is 250 to 1,000 light - years away .
This would make Calvera one of the closest neutron stars to Earth - and possibly the closest .
Neutron stars are one of the possible end points for a star .
They are created when stars with masses greater than four to eight times those of our Sun exhaust their nuclear fuel , and undergo a supernova explosion .
This explosion blows off the outer layers of the star , forming a supernova remnant .
The central region of the star collapses under gravity , causing protons and electrons to combine to form neutrons - hence the name " neutron star " .
Data search
Robert Rutledge of McGill University in Montreal , Canada , originally noticed the object .
He compared a catalogue of 18,000 X - ray sources from the German - American Rosat satellite , which operated from 1990 to 1999 , with catalogues of objects that appeared in visible light , infrared light , and radio waves .
Swift was launched to observe gamma-ray bursts
The group aimed Nasa 's Swift satellite at the object in August 2006 .
Swift 's X - ray telescope showed that the source was still there , and was emitting about the same amount of X - ray energy as it had during the Rosat era .
The Swift observations enabled the group to pinpoint the object 's position more accurately , and showed that it was not associated with any known astronomical object .
The researchers followed up with the 8.1 m Gemini North Telescope in Hawaii and a short observation by Nasa 's Chandra X-ray Observatory .
Unusual properties
Exactly what type of neutron star Calvera is remains a mystery .
According to Dr Rutledge , there are no widely accepted alternative theories to explain objects such as this that are bright in X - rays and faint in visible light .
" Either Calvera is an unusual example of a known type of neutron star , or it is some new type of neutron star , the first of its kind , " said Dr Rutledge .
Calvera 's location high above the plane of our Milky Way galaxy is also a mystery .
The researchers believe the object is the remnant of a star that lived in our galaxy 's starry disc before exploding as a supernova .
In order to reach its current position , it had to wander some distance out of the disc .
TRANSMUTATION of the elements was the goal of the medieval alchemists .
They dreamed of the riches to be won by the man who could find the philosopher 's stone — a substance that , among other wonderful properties , would convert base metals such as lead into gold .
Actual transmutation , though , had to await those modern alchemists , the atomic physicists .
Nuclear reactors transmute elements routinely .
They break uranium atoms , which are heavy , into lighter so - called fission products , such as technetium .
This releases energy , along with sub-atomic particles called neutrons .
Some of these neutrons go on to hit further uranium nuclei so hard that they , too , shatter and release yet further neutrons .
It is this chain reaction that sustains the process .
Other neutrons , however , are captured by uranium nuclei .
That makes those nuclei heavier still , converting them into neptunium , plutonium , americium and curium .
All these by - products of nuclear fission are radioactive , and many will remain so for thousands — sometimes millions — of years .
They are thus difficult to dispose of ; the most practical idea being to bury them deep underground in stable rock formations and just wait .
On top of that , the plutonium could , in principle , be extracted to make nuclear bombs .
But the organisers of the Kumatori Accelerator - driven Reactor Test Facility ( KART ) , at Kyoto University in Japan , which starts up this month , have dusted off an old scheme that might help overcome the problems of nuclear waste .
This is to transmute the by - products still further , into something that can be disposed of safely .
KARTs and horsepower
The idea behind the Kumatori project , which is led by Kaichiro Mishima , was originally championed by Carlo Rubbia , who was once head of CERN , a big subatomic - physics laboratory near Geneva .
The plan is to build a “ sub- critical ” nuclear reactor .
Such a reactor would not be able to sustain a chain reaction .
Instead , the nucleus - transmuting subatomic particles would be supplied from outside , using a particle accelerator .
About 95 % of the mass of a piece of used nuclear fuel is unconverted uranium , so the first step is to extract the 5 % that is waste .
This is done chemically .
The radioactive elements to be transmuted are then turned into a target for protons fired out of a particle accelerator .
Neutrons cannot be speeded up in an accelerator because they have no electric charge to grab hold of .
But the main role of the protons is to knock neutrons free from nuclei in the target .
These neutrons should , if all goes well , be absorbed by the technetium and other fission products , transmuting them into new elements .
They will also break up the elements heavier than uranium into products similar to those from uranium fission .
Although , initially , the new elements will be more radioactive than the spent nuclear waste was , that radioactivity will last only a few hundred years .
This means that the dumps into which they are put need not be as secure ( or as expensive ) as those envisaged for long - term waste - storage .
And , as a bonus , the whole process should generate more energy than it consumes .
Indeed , Dr Rubbia 's original name for the device was an energy amplifier .
Researchers in the field hope that results from KART ( which should start to appear after September , when the machine becomes fully operational ) and a number of other transmutation experiments around the world will contribute to the design of one or more large - scale transmuters .
These facilities , which are expected to cost around $ 1 billion each , are being planned by physicists in Japan and Europe to come on stream some time after 2015 — assuming , of course , that those physicists can persuade politicians of the merits of their work .
That is by no means a done deal .
Researchers had hoped to start building a more ambitious version of KART in Italy last year .
This project , however , was cancelled in 2004 , and its demise had more to do with political disagreements than technical shortcomings .
Nor are all scientists fans of transmutation .
The Institute for Energy and Environmental Research ( IEER ) , based in Washington , DC , believes that if uranium is separated from spent fuel and then stored as low - level waste , it could pose a greater risk to the public than if it were placed in a repository deep underground .
It also points out that some of the long - lived components of spent fuel cannot practicably be transmuted .
For example , it would take more than a century to destroy half of the radioactive selenium present in spent fuel , because that element is very inefficient at capturing neutrons .
The IEER describes evaluations in favour of transmutation as “ seriously deficient ” and made “ mainly by those who would like to see a continuation of nuclear power ” .
At the moment , though , nuclear power 's supporters seem to have the upper hand , as many people think it is the only practical way to generate large amounts of electricity without producing climate - changing carbon dioxide .
And when nuclear waste remains dangerous for tens of thousands of years , and repositories are estimated to cost tens of billions of dollars , transmutation is worth considering .
It may not be lead - into - gold , but it could still be very worthwhile .
SPIEGEL Interview with CIA 's Former Europe Director " We Probably Gave Powell the Wrong Speech "
The former chief of the CIA 's Europe division , Tyler Drumheller , discusses the United States foreign intelligence service 's cooperation with Germany , the covert kidnapping of suspected terrorists and a Bush adminstration that ignored CIA advice and used whatever information it could find to justify an invasion of Iraq .
WASHINGTON – Dried apples preserved with a cancer - causing chemical .
Frozen catfish laden with banned antibiotics .
Scallops and sardines coated with putrefying bacteria .
Mushrooms laced with illegal pesticides .
These were among the 107 food imports from China the Food and Drug Administration detained at U.S. ports just last month , agency documents reveal , along with more than 1,000 shipments of tainted Chinese dietary supplements , toxic Chinese cosmetics and counterfeit Chinese medicines .
For years , U.S. inspection records show , China has flooded the United States with foods unfit for human consumption .
And for years , FDA inspectors have simply returned to Chinese importers the small portion of those products they caught – many of which turned up at U.S. borders again , making a second or third attempt at entry .
Now the confluence of two events – the highly publicized contamination of U.S. chicken , pork and fish with tainted Chinese pet food ingredients and this week ’s resumption of high - level economic and trade talks with China – has activists and members of Congress demanding the United States tell China it is fed up .
Dead pets and melamine - tainted food notwithstanding , change will prove difficult , policy experts say , in large part because U.S. companies have become so dependent on the Chinese economy that tighter rules on imports stand to harm the U.S. economy , too .
“ So many U.S. companies are directly or indirectly involved in China now , the commercial interest of the United States these days has become to allow imports to come in as quickly and smoothly as possible , ” said Robert B. Cassidy , a former assistant U.S. trade representative for China and now director of international trade and services for Kelley Drye Collier Shannon , a Washington law firm .
` Kowtowing to China ’
As a result , the United States finds itself “ kowtowing to China , ” Cassidy said , even as that country keeps sending American consumers adulterated and mislabeled foods .
It ’s not just about cheap imports , added Carol Tucker Foreman , a former assistant secretary of agriculture now at the Consumer Federation of America .
“ Our farmers and food processors have drooled for years to be able to sell their food to that massive market , ” Foreman said .
“ The Chinese counterfeit .
They have a serious piracy problem .
But we put up with it because we want to sell to them . ”
U.S. agricultural exports to China have grown to more than $ 5 billion a year – a fraction of last year ’s $ 232 billion U.S. trade deficit with China but a number that has enormous growth potential , given the Chinese economy ’s 10 percent growth rate and its billion - plus consumers .
Trading with the largely unregulated Chinese marketplace has its risks , of course , as evidenced by the many lawsuits that U.S. pet food companies now face from angry consumers who say their pets were poisoned by tainted Chinese ingredients .
Until recently , however , many companies and even the federal government reckoned that , on average , those risks were worth taking .
But after the pet food scandal , some are recalculating .
China ’s less - than - stellar behavior as a food exporter is revealed in stomach - turning detail in FDA “ refusal reports ” filed by U.S. inspectors : Juices and fruits rejected as “ filthy . ”
Prunes tinted with chemical dyes not approved for human consumption .
Frozen breaded shrimp preserved with nitrofuran , an antibacterial that can cause cancer .
Swordfish rejected as “ poisonous . ”
In the first four months of 2007 , FDA inspectors – who are able to check out less than 1 percent of regulated imports – refused 298 food shipments from China .
By contrast , 56 shipments from Canada were rejected , even though Canada exports about $ 10 billion in FDA - regulated food and agricultural products to the United States – compared with about $ 2 billion from China .
Smuggled meat
Deception by Chinese exporters is not limited to plant products .
Some of their most egregiously unfit exports are smuggled in .
Under Agriculture Department rules , countries cannot export meat and poultry products to the United States unless the USDA certifies that the slaughterhouses and processing plants have food - safety systems equivalent to those here .
Much to its frustration , China is not certified to sell any meat to the United States because it has not met that requirement .
But that has not stopped Chinese meat exporters .
In the past year , USDA teams have seized hundreds of thousands of pounds of prohibited poultry products from China and other Asian countries , Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns announced in March .
Some were shipped in crates labeled “ dried lily flower , ” “ prune slices ” and “ vegetables , ” according to news reports .
It is unclear how much of the illegal meat slipped in undetected .
Despite those violations , the Chinese government is on track to get permission to legally export its chickens to the United States – a prospect that has raised concern not only because of fears of bacteria such as salmonella but also because Chinese chickens , if not properly processed , could be a source of avian flu , which public - health authorities fear may be poised to trigger a human pandemic .
Last year , under high - level pressure from China , the USDA passed a rule allowing China to export to the United States chickens that were grown and slaughtered in North America and then processed in China – a rule that quickly passed through multiple levels of review and was approved the day before Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in Washington last April .
Now the rule that China really wants , allowing it to export its own birds to the United States , is in the works , said Richard Raymond , USDA ’s undersecretary for food safety .
Reports in China have repeatedly hinted that only if China gets its way on chicken exports to the United States will Beijing lift its four - year - old ban on importing U.S. beef .
Raymond denies any link .
Raymond said permission for China to sell poultry to the United States is moving ahead because recent USDA audits found China ’s poultry slaughterhouses to be equivalent to those here .
Tony Corbo , a lobbyist for Food and Water Watch , a Washington advocacy group , said that finding – which is not subject to outside review – is unbelievable , given repeated findings of unsanitary conditions at China ’s chicken slaughterhouses .
Corbo said he has seen some of those audits .
“ Everyone who has seen them was grossed out , ” he said .
Major change needed
John C. Bailar III , a University of Chicago professor emeritus who chaired a 2003 National Academies committee that recommended major changes in the U.S. food safety system – which have gone largely unheeded – said he has become increasingly concerned that corporations and the federal government seem willing to put the interests of business “ above the public welfare . ”
“ This nation has – and has had for decades – a pressing need for a wholly dedicated food safety agency , one that is independent and not concerned with other matters to bring together and extend the bits of food safety activities now scattered over more than a dozen agencies , ” he said in an e-mail .
There have been robots patrolling the sunny sands of Iraq since the initial invasion , but until now , they 've merely been there to scope stuff out .
That was then , this is now .
According to Noah over at the always - awesome Danger Room blog , the military has just deployed their new " special weapons observation remote reconnaissance direct action system " ( SWORDS ) that has been in development for the past few years .
What are the SWORDS , exactly ?
Oh , just some bomb - disposal robots armed with M249 machine guns .
Holy shit , robots with machine guns .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
This is a pretty huge step forward for robotics in warfare .
Never before have armed robots been deployed in a war .
There are only three of them deployed at the moment , and none of them have fired any rounds yet , but Michael Zecca , the SWORDS program manager , says " that 'll be happening soon . "
Yikes .
Advertisement
In addition to the machine guns , the SWORDS can be loaded up with the optional X - ray kit to check out suspicious packages or to make sure the guy it just apprehended did n't swallow a bomb .
That 's all well and good , but just keep them over there rather than back home ; I 've seen the Itchy and Scratchy Land episode of The Simpsons .
I know how this party is gonna end .
[ Danger Room ]
Cufflinksman is proud to offer discriminating buyers a wide range of fine - crafted , high - quality cuff links for adding a polishing touch to life 's many moments - as well as to accessorize apparel for casual to formal wear .
A gamut of intriguing and dazzling links await , showcasing precious stones , gems , Sterling silver , Gold , and more .
Each distinctive pair demonstrates attention to detail , adherence to quality , and an eye for stylish finesse .
Avid wearers , collectors , and esteemed individuals will enjoy the unique designs and flawless fun of each fine - crafted pair .
It is easy to find an exclusive pair that will bring something new to the jewelry valet , or to share as a meaningful gift with another .
There is no need to sacrifice quality for cost , and Cufflinksman provides affordable elegance , offering stylish options that fit any budget .
For popular and contemporary accent pieces or for beloved and timeless classics , consider the silver cufflinks and gold cufflinks offered .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The stock market is at an all - time high , unemployment is near record lows , yet poll after poll shows American workers uneasy over job security and worried that they are losing out in a global economy .
The disconnect between the seemingly rosy economic data and the dour mood has caught the attention of some influential politicians who are concerned the middle class has soured on globalization , tingeing the debate on hot - button issues ranging from immigration to trade .
On the same day in June that Republican senators scuttled an immigration bill , many Democrats were applauding the demise of the fast - track trade authority that the Bush administration desperately wanted .
Rep. Barney Frank , who chairs the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee , sees a link .
“ Both of those died because of problems that were extrinsic , ” the Massachusetts Democrat said , adding that many workers harbored “ deep anger ” over stagnant wages and widening income inequality , and were quick to pin the blame on illegal immigrants , China or regional trade deals like NAFTA .
As long as that malaise exists , lawmakers will have trouble tackling thorny trade or immigration issues , Frank said , and with an election year looming , he and his colleagues argue for policies that make globalization more palatable to the public .
“ The globalization issue is one that is menacing to many , ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said .
“ We want it to be promising to more . ”
Manufacturing job losses and recalls of potentially harmful Chinese - made goods have hardened negative attitudes .
A recent survey from the Financial Services Forum found that 49 percent of Americans had a favorable view of globalization , down from 54 percent a year earlier .
POLITICS AND ECONOMICS
When economics and politics meet , it is not always a perfect fit , so the flat wages that stoke worker anxiety actually come as a bit of relief to economists who fret over an overheating job market and inflation .
That makes policy decisions all the more tricky , and even many Democrats are shying away from hard anti-trade stances like import tariffs for fear of shutting off profitable trade .
Emboldened by last November ’s congressional sweep and optimistic about their chances in the next election , Pelosi and other Democrats are pushing for a stronger safety net to support those hurt by competition from low - wage countries .
Proponents of globalization have a wealth of statistics to support their case that lowering trade barriers strengthens the U.S. economy -- even if the benefits are not equally shared .
A study released last month by economists Matthew Slaughter , Grant Aldonas and Robert Lawrence said that the average American family stands to gain as much as $ 15,000 per year from global trade that boosts productivity and opens new markets for U.S. goods and services .
But the report also found that wage growth had stagnated since 2000 for a wide swath of the labor force .
Even college - educated workers have seen wages decline in recent years , when adjusted for inflation .
“ This is like a bad lottery , ” said Rep. George Miller , a California Democrat who chairs the House Education and Labor Committee .
“ A few people get really good numbers and the rest of us get $ 1 to buy a new ticket . ”
That helps explain why the average worker is not thrilled with the state of the U.S. economy .
A survey by Lake Research Partners found that 82 percent of workers felt they were missing out on economic growth .
“ Trade may not be the No. 1 reason why they ’re losing their jobs , but they think it is , ” Miller said .
40 MILLION JOBS OUTSOURCED ?
Economist Alan Blinder raised eyebrows this spring when he estimated as many as 40 million U.S. jobs could potentially be outsourced .
He sees a painful transition as workers in even well - paid services lose out to cheaper foreign labor .
“ It ’s gone beyond call centers and other relatively low - wage jobs , ” said Blinder , a former White House economic adviser who now teaches at Princeton University .
Blinder describes a divide between people who provide “ impersonal ” services that require little face - to - face interaction , such as radiologists , and those with truly hands - on jobs like taxi drivers or janitors .
The second group will fare much better in a global economy , he said .
In 20 years , he expects carpenters to make more money than computer programmers .
That means the U.S. education system needs to do a better job of preparing the next generation for the type of work that will exist .
But that ’s a long - term fix and for Rep.
Rosa DeLauro , a Connecticut Democrat , it does not help her address questions from her constituents who are anxious about their jobs .
“ There is a sense of insecurity that is palpable , ” she said .
“ Enough of the debate .
Let ’s get to the specifics . ”
Just when it seemed that the neocons would get away with their echo chamber tactic of talking up the " success " of the " surge "  and even getting a few Democrats to go along with their contention that we can’t even think about pulling out now  the War Party was hit with three major blows that have them reeling .
First and foremost is the suggestion by Marine Gen .
Peter Pace , the retiring head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , that we begin downsizing our troop commitment to Iraq  before the over - extension of the U.S. military snaps American readiness and fatally saps our resources .
When Gen. David Petraeus delivers his much - vaunted report to the president , the Congress , and the nation in September  widely anticipated as the shot in the arm Bush needs to continue on his present course of reckless escalation 
Pace is likely to provide a crucial counterpoint that will more than balance out the equation and present us with a clear choice .
On the one hand , Petraeus is slated to offer a somewhat more subdued and considered version of the War Party ’s by - now - familiar mantra : the war is going better than anyone realizes , we ’re making considerable progress in Anbar and Diyala provinces , do n’t cut us off at the knees when we ’re just beginning to get up on our feet .
In short , give war a chance .
On the other hand , the Los Angeles Times reports that Pace is going to recommend withdrawal of about half the present force of 162,000 :
" Administration and military officials say Marine Gen . Peter Pace is likely to convey concerns by the Joint Chiefs that keeping well in excess of 100,000 troops in Iraq through 2008 will severely strain the military .
This assessment could collide with one being prepared by the U.S. commander in Iraq , Army Gen. David H. Petraeus , calling for the U.S. to maintain higher troop levels for 2008 and beyond . "
Pace represents the institutional voice and spirit of the American military , which has been fighting a rearguard action against the monomania of this administration .
Pace and others have been futilely calling for some consideration of the U.S. military ’s ability to carry out its existing commitments in view of the strain placed on its resources by the Iraq and Afghan wars .
That ’s why Pace is on the way out .
The same fate befell Generals Eric Shinseki and Anthony Zinni and others who spoke up previously to defend the military ’s institutional integrity .
Zinni even took on the neoconservatives , arguing that their motives in dragging us into this unnecessary war were and are well - known :
" I think it ’s the worst kept secret in Washington .
That everybody  everybody I talk to in Washington has known and fully knows what their agenda was and what they were trying to do . "
The neocons were openly disdainful of the military ’s institutional interests and did n’t care about the effectiveness of our forces : their obsession with the Middle East overrode everything else .
Their ideological bias in favor of war  as well as their tendency to put Israeli interests on a par with those of the U.S.  militated against any such considerations .
When the neocons hijacked American foreign policy and began to use the armed forces as their personal plaything , they ran up against the natural opposition of career military personnel .
These same dissenters - in - uniform have decried the degradation of the U.S. military machine , which is being ground to bits in the sands of Mesopotamia much as Napoleon ’s imperial army was frozen in the snow of the Russian steppes .
That , by the way , is a good way to analogize the two sides in this dispute : the Napoleonic tendency , embodied by the neocons and their sock puppets , including the president and vice president , versus the generals , holdovers from the old republican ( small r ) pre-imperial order .
Pace and his co-thinkers in the Pentagon are not " antiwar " in the classic sense , of course , yet they have a military man ’s suspicion of reckless foreign entanglements that seem slated for defeat before they ’re launched .
A whole generation of the American officers corps did indeed learn the lessons of the Vietnam War , even if Bush and his gaggle of " revisionist " court historians seem to have so far successfully avoided it : Andrew Bacevich ‘s books and articles perfectly represent this viewpoint .
It is the same view as expressed in that New York Times op - ed by seven members of the 82nd Airborne , and it is generally shared by the on - the - ground grunts expected to carry out the impossible demands of civilian military planners divorced from reality , blinded by ideology , and driven by purely political considerations .
These voices were raised in the run-up to war , and now that the disaster they feared has come to pass they are being listened to at last .
The timing of Sen. John Warner ’s apparent defection from the once - solid GOP ranks on the war question is hardly coincidental .
He ’s been hinting at a break with the administration on the war for months now , and , with the Joint Chiefs coming out forthrightly against the " surge " and the continuation of a disastrous war policy , it was time for Warner  long the Pentagon ’s most reliable ally in the Senate , and a leading Republican maven on matters of foreign policy  to make his move .
Warner ’s defection could be the beginning of a Republican stampede for the exits on the war question .
While I would n’t venture to predict how many will follow Warner and , in the House , Walter B. Jones , out the back door , I would note that ( a ) a few Republicans , like Ron Paul , never even entered that perilous portal , and ( b ) Republicans can read polls , and they no doubt realize they are heading for an electoral disaster that could decimate their political fortunes for a generation .
Are they ready to cast off their ideological incubus ( or is that succubus ? ) and free themselves of the curse of the neocons , whose dominance of the Bush administration and the Republican Party has brought the GOP to the edge of the abyss ?
Another blow to the War Party was the recently issued National Intelligence Estimate of the situation on the ground in Iraq , which presents a mixed portrait of " uneven " military success combined with an absolutely dismal view of the prospects for a political settlement of the ongoing civil war .
The report , I would argue , represents fresh evidence of the new turn in American war aims in the Middle East .
For all intents and purposes , our military and political efforts are now directed against perceived Iranian assets in Iraq  this includes not just alleged Iranian infiltrators , of whom not one has been found or identified , but also the governing coalition , the United Iraqi Alliance , consisting of the Supreme Iraqi Islamic Council ( formerly SCIRI ) , the Da’wa Party , and the Sadrists , along with a disparate collection of regional and sub-ethnic parties .
The Americans are now opting for the Sunnis , with Iyad Allawi , the CIA ’s former favorite , openly lobbying for a Washington - sponsored coup against Maliki , and the Democrats , led by Senators Clinton and Levin , picking up on this blame - the - Iraqis line .
The same complaints against the Iraqi government  they ’re ineffective and too sectarian , and then there are those militias  permeate the National Intelligence Estimate , which really is a blow aimed at Maliki .
The NIE also touts the supposed " success " in Anbar and Diyala provinces , which has incited the pro-war sectors of the blogosphere to bray over this supposedly epic " victory " as evidence that the " surge " is working and we must stay the course .
The new triumphalism  as short - lived as it was  was exemplified by Captain ’s Quarters , a pro-war blog that typifies the Right blogosphere ’s view of war as identical to a game of Risk .
It hailed the supposed " turning " of Ba’athist leader Izzat al - Douri as yet another triumph for our glorious forces in Iraq .
This ignores the fact that Douri ’s group denies these reports , and , also , that he ’s a murderously sadistic monster we have no business allying with or aiding in any way , shape , or manner .
Go here for some of the horrific details .
We have reached a critical juncture in the debate over the war , and the next few months will determine the course we take for a generation .
Will we take the road to empire and ruination , or will we take the road less traveled  the road we set out on as a nation to begin with , first traveled by men who abhorred militarism and even hesitated to endorse a standing army , for fear it would subvert the republican ideals of the Constitution ?
I hope I know the answer to that question , but , then again , as they say , hope springs eternal , even though the War Party never rests
2020年9月7 日
対面鑑定
2020 年8月6 日
電話占い
2020 年7月3 日
電話占い
2020年6月10 日
電話占い
2020年5月12 日
電話占い
N++ is the world ’s best platformer .
The vast single - player campaign is action - packed , skill - based , challenging and rewarding .
Local multiplayer races and co-op are perfect at parties , and you can even make and share your own levels with the built - in level editor .
The brand new Ultimate Edition contains 4340 hand - crafted , thrilling levels and also adds a new mode , Hardcore , which changes the rules of the game and lets you see Solo in a whole new light .
N++ is the game of a lifetime .
Get it now :
Nintendo Switch : Launched on May 24 , 2018 .
The best platform for the best platformer .
Xbox One : Launched on October 4 , 2017 .
Get it while it ’s hot !
PC , Mac and Linux on Steam : Launched on August 25 , 2016 .
Grab it here !
Also available on Kartridge , and in the Humble Store
PS4 : Launched on July 28 , 2015 .
Buy it now !
“ N++ is a gem , a deliciously evil little treat wrapped in moreish gameplay that most developers can only dream of , eliciting cheers and screams in equal measure .
Traumatising brilliance . ”
– Gareth Gallagher , The Digital Fix
N++ was PC Gamer ’s 2016 GOTY Staff Pick : “ I do n’t think there ’s a better feeling platformer out there — and yes , I have heard of Mario , and even played several Mario games .
I ’ve nearly completed Super Meat Boy .
If you ’re intimately familiar with the platforming genre you might n’t prefer the floaty physics of N++’s ninja , but it ’s hard to deny the artistry that ’s gone into making it feel exactly this way .
Metanet has nailed a platforming moveset that I ’ve always wanted ”
- Shaun Prescott , PCGamer
“ The game has a sense of kaleidoscopic variation , each level its own Rorschach trap of discipline , intuition , and care . ”
– Michael Thomsen , Forbes
“ Whether you ’re someone who wants to play one of the toughest games of the year , or someone who just enjoys pure gameplay at its finest , you ’re doing yourself a disservice not giving N++ a shot . ”
– Matt Whittaker , Hardcore Gamer
This game is massive .
Learn more at : http://www.nplusplus.org
By Chris Hogg
BBC News , Tokyo
What would you do if you found a wad of money ?
If you live in Japan the answer , it would seem , is C .
In recent weeks more than 400 blank envelopes containing 10,000 yen bills have been left in the gents toilets of local council buildings all across Japan .
Also in the envelope were notes asking that the cash be used for " ascetic training " .
Then , over the last few days , 18 residents of a Tokyo building found a total of 1.81 million yen ( $ 15,210 ) stuffed into envelopes in their mailboxes .
People are very , very worried .
Put yourself in our shoes .
We are very anxious
Resident of Glanz Ober apartment block
Half an hour 's taxi ride away from the apartments , money was falling out of the sky last week - a million yen floating down from another apartment block above a convenience store .
What is notable about all these events , whether they are connected or not , is the unease they have caused among those lucky enough to find the cash .
And apparently the money has all been handed over to the police .
Unease
When we visited the Glanz Ober apartment block , where 18 lucky householders found envelopes stuffed with cash , it appeared deserted .
It would have been easy for whoever was dropping off the money to slip in and out undetected .
We tried to speak to someone who had received the cash , but there was no answer from most of the flats .
Money came " falling from the sky " outside a convenience store
" I have no idea who did it , " she said .
Then we were thrown off the premises .
One of the residents , an angry man in his sixties , told us they were fed up with all the attention they had received in recent days .
" People are very , very worried , " he told us .
" Put yourself in our shoes .
We are very anxious . "
The Japanese are very private people , and this money seems to be making them nervous .
Some fear it is tainted in some way , perhaps " hot " money from a robbery or some other criminal endeavour .
As we made our way to the location of the second " public donation " , our taxi driver rubbished that idea .
" I do n't think it 's a bad person , " he told us .
" A bad person would keep it to himself .
If you have extra money you might as well donate it , put it to good use . "
At the Popura convenience store , the manager Mr Horiuchi was again nervous , and unwilling to give us his first name .
He told us what happened when the bills started falling out of the sky last week .
" People all around started collecting it .
We collected 96 10,000 yen bills .
Then we found four more on nearby rooftops . "
He said the honesty of the passers - by was " remarkable " .
Mystery donor
There are a number of different theories about who might be behind the mysterious donations .
People have speculated that there might be a religious motive .
One of the biggest temples in Tokyo is just a few streets away from the convenience store where the money fell " out of the sky " .
But worshippers and visitors there did not think much of the idea that these " good works " were motivated by a desire for greater reward .
" We use money as offerings at temples , and for presents at special events like weddings , " one man told us .
But I can't quite see what the significance of leaving it in a toilet would be , " he added .
It must be a foreigner .
All Japanese would know ... that trying to give away money like this is a waste of time
Japanese temple visitor
In most cases , the police are looking after the money until its owner , or owners , come forward .
Reports say they have already discounted one claim from a man who told them it belonged to his relative - clearly not everyone in Japan is scrupulously honest .
If it is not claimed within six months , the money left in municipal toilets will become the property of the local council in the town or city where it was found .
That led one visitor at the temple , who works for a municipality , to one bizarre conclusion .
" It must be a foreigner , " he told us .
" All Japanese would know that the money if unclaimed would be given to the local council , they would know what their countrymen are like too , so nervous about something like this , they would know that trying to give away money like this is a waste of time . "
Summary :
The more engaged users are , the more features an application can sustain .
But most users have low commitment -- especially to websites , which must focus on simplicity , rather than features .
In designing any user interface , one of your key decisions concerns the tradeoff between features and simplicity .
The more features , the more complicated the system inevitably becomes :
Features have to be shown to users , so screens get busier .
to users , so screens get busier .
Menus get bigger and / or more numerous , making it harder for users to find the features they need .
the features they need .
Features must be explained , ballooning the size of the help system and / or the manual : Fatter documentation takes longer to read and makes it harder for users to extract a good conceptual model of the system .
More docs also make it harder for users to find the explanations they need .
, ballooning the size of the help system and / or the manual : Each extra feature offers more rope for users to hang themselves : they 're more likely to use the wrong feature , either as an error of intent ( a mistake caused when they think the wrong feature is the one they need ) or as an error of execution ( that is , a slip , as when they click the wrong button in a crowded toolbar ) .
Conversely , Steve Jobs famously defended the Mac 's one - button mouse by pointing out that users would never click the wrong mouse button .
, either as an error of intent ( a mistake caused when they think the wrong feature is the one they need ) or as an error of execution ( that is , a slip , as when they click the wrong button in a crowded toolbar ) .
Conversely , Steve Jobs famously defended the Mac 's one - button mouse by pointing out that users would never click the wrong mouse button .
The number of feature interactions grows by the square of the number of features : more can go wrong , and it becomes harder for users to understand why a change in one corner of the system has an effect in another corner .
grows by the square of the number of features : more can go wrong , and it becomes harder for users to understand why a change in one corner of the system has an effect in another corner .
The more options users have to choose from , the more time it takes their brains to prepare for action and decide what to do .
Even if a fancy feature can theoretically execute a task faster , overall system use often slows because users spend more time on the mental operations required to choose from among features than they save from the more efficient feature .
The answer seems clear : minimize features and chase simplicity at any cost .
This is indeed the case for most user interface design , but not for all projects .
Right - Click : An Extra Feature That Works
Mouse buttons are a great example of a case in which the benefit from additional features is worth more than the penalties outlined above .
Academic studies have found that common GUI operations are substantially faster with a two - button mouse than with either a one - or three - button mouse .
And the most commercially successful GUI does indeed use a two - button mouse .
Two weeks ago , I observed dozens of average - skilled business users as they attempted common business tasks with two high - end applications .
Even though these people were neither geeks nor experts in the software we tested , most of them frequently used right - click shortcuts .
The contextual pop -up menu was often their operation of choice , allowing for great efficiency in many tasks .
( Before you redesign your user interface around right - click pop-ups , be warned : less skilled users rarely use these menus . )
Right - click helps medium - skilled users because it's a consistent interaction technique that works the same everywhere .
( Indeed , high - skilled users are often disappointed when an application does n't support right - click — for example , if it 's implemented in Flash and brings up the Flash player menu instead of contextually - appropriate application commands . )
Right - click also works because business professionals and other mid-level users typically depend on their PCs and are willing to learn a few techniques to use it better .
User Engagement Levels
Users ' willingness to learn is the most important factor in how much complexity you can allow in the user experience .
If people are extremely excited about a user interface , they 'll welcome more features and will spend the time to figure them out .
Mostly , though , users have a low engagement level with user interfaces and just want them to get out of the way .
People do n't want to spend time learning , they want to spend time doing — a well - documented effect called the paradox of the active user .
( It 's a paradox because people might save time in the long run if they spent more time learning about powerful features .
But , empirically , users almost never want to do this , and you should design for how people actually behave , not how you wish they behaved . )
An example of a high - engagement design is the seventh and final book in the Harry Potter series .
The first 100 pages of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows make no sense unless you 're intimately familiar with the first 6 volumes in the series and can remember every detail about a profusion of magical objects and earlier plot twists .
I found it a bit difficult to follow the story in Potter # 7 , but on balance , I think the author made the correct design decision in targeting customers who were very strongly engaged in the series :
People are n't likely to buy # 7 if they have n't read the earlier books , and Harry Potter fans tend to be on the fanatical side of fandom .
Traditionally , the design of a book series caters to lower - engagement readers by adding exposition that brings them up to speed .
But — at 759 pages —
The Deathly Hallows is already fat enough that adding , say , 50 pages of background material would have pushed it over the edge and made it less enjoyable for most readers .
3 Levels of Photoshop Complexity
Adobe ships three Photoshop versions targeted at three different user engagement levels :
Photoshop CS ( list price $ 650 ) , targeted at professional graphics artists and photographers .
Photoshop Elements ( list price $ 100 ) , targeted at photography enthusiasts and people who want to do basic image manipulation , such as cropping screenshots .
Photoshop Album Starter Edition ( free ) , targeted at average consumers who 've just bought a digital camera and might want to fix a redeye or brighten a dark image .
The professional version is not only expensive , it comes with a manual that 's several hundred pages thick and has an entire ecosystem of training seminars and optional books ( B& N sells 1,622 books with " Photoshop " in the title ) .
Photoshop CS is so complicated that to learn to achieve certain effects , you have to spend a full day with a Photoshop guru .
However , the very success of such training products proves that users will gladly pay more than the price of the software to learn how to use it .
For professional users , Photoshop creations are their work products , and being able to make a picture look better is worth almost any amount of training and user interface complexity .
To its credit , Adobe recognized that Photoshop CS is much too complicated for people who just want to clean up their personal photos .
Most users do n't need that many powerful features , and they certainly do n't want to read beefy manuals and extra books just to get a better - looking vacation snapshot .
The Photoshop Elements manual is both thinner and easier to read than the CS manual .
And the documentation for Photoshop Album is only 20 pages long .
Each of the three versions is appropriately targeted at a particular level of user engagement , from people who care passionately about image manipulation to those who are n't particularly interested in graphics software .
Shallow Engagement with Websites
Where does your website fall on the 1 –3 scale of user engagement we saw for Photoshop ?
Outside the scale , at level 4 .
People do n't want to read 20 pages of instructions to use a website .
They demand instant gratification or they leave .
The user engagement level with websites is incredibly low , as dictated by information foraging : people do n't commit easily to any individual site , because it 's so easy to get to other sites .
Skimming the cream from each site is usually the superior browsing strategy .
As studies in my recent book document , users visiting a new site spend an average of 30 seconds on the homepage and less than 2 minutes on the entire site before deciding to abandon it .
( They spend a bit more time if they decide to stay on a site , but still only 4 minutes on average . )
For an example of user fickleness and lack of engagement with each individual site , see the transcript of a B2B user session .
Different engagement levels are one of the main reasons we have a one set of usability guidelines for websites and a different set of guidelines for applications .
Intranets typically sustain mid-level user engagement because a company usually has only one intranet .
That 's one key reason that we have hundreds of separate intranet design guidelines .
( The other reason is that employees ' intranet tasks differ from the tasks that customers perform with websites . )
Be aware that not all applications can expect deep user engagement levels .
Particularly for ephemeral applications embedded within websites ( say , the configurator on a car site ) , users often have close to zero commitment : if an applet 's purpose is n't immediately obvious or if features are too complex , people will leave a Web - based application just as readily as they 'll leave a content page .
When we tested the investor relations sections of corporate websites , we found that most individual investors were confused by advanced charting tools or other features that went beyond very simple interaction techniques .
Even though investors have thousands of dollars at stake , they still prefer websites to be simple because they have to deal with multiple sites .
Loyal Users : Higher Engagement Levels ?
Some websites can build user loyalty and grow user engagement levels across subsequent site visits .
Such sites can gradually introduce more advanced features for those users who become sufficiently committed to the site .
A famous example is Amazon.com 's one - click shopping feature .
It 's complicated to understand , and pretty scary to boot .
Still , one - click shopping helps some users .
Amazon 's usability rules differ from those for most other sites because it's big enough and established enough that many users have established a close relationship with the site and are thus willing to engage at some level of depth .
But even Amazon makes it easy to shop in the traditional way by using the shopping cart , which is a design pattern that everybody knows by now .
Indeed , I strongly advise the vast majority of websites to scale back their features and dramatically simplify the user experience for initial use .
After all , to progress to the deeper engagement levels , prospective customers must first successfully pass through the initial use phase .
Typically , when new prospects first visit your site , you 're simply one of ten sites on the SERP .
The only way they 'll shortlist your site is if you can convince them in two minutes .
Thus , websites should have almost no features : focus on the words .
To determine how much complexity you can afford in a user interface , you must analyze user engagement levels :
Do they care deeply , or do they just want to get something done as quickly as possible ?
Typically , users care less than you think !
You 're not important to them .
This is one of the main reasons companies need systematic usability studies : to make explicit the fact that outside customers do n't find your design as important as you do ( because you work on it all year ) .
A PERSHORE man 's life - long fascination with trains and railways has been recognised with a two - book publishing deal .
Michael Clemens , aged 55 , was approached by one of the world 's largest publishers of transport - themed books after they heard of his remarkable collection of photographs and cinefilms .
The first batch of pictures has now been brought together in Steam Trails : Cotswolds and South Midlands .
" All the lines around the Vale and the Cotswolds are covered , " said Mr Clemens .
" In the late 50s and 60s my dad Jim and I used to travel all over the country photographing the old steam trains and railway lines before they started to close , all the way from Penzance to Invernes , but , of course , a lot of my pictures are from the local area .
" Going through all the old photos to put the books together was quite a nostalgic experience .
I was also surprised how long it took ; each book took the best part of a year to complete . "
Mr Clemens ' second book , which is due to be published later in the year , will cover the railways of Cornwall and Devon .
Previously Mr Clemens has released 200 rolls of railway film , each 32 minutes long , which he took with his father between 1959 - 1965 .
As well as being a comprehensive overview of the region 's rail history , the book also contains some more personal recollections , such as the story attached to the picture of the old Evesham ( Midlands ) Station .
" Some friends and I went over and asked a driver there if we could go in the engine .
He let us and got us to fill it up with coal , which we did , with enthusiasm .
When we got back to school , Prince Henry 's Grammar , there was black smoke everywhere and the train departing made such a noise that nobody could see or hear the headmaster in the morning assembly .
He never found out who was responsible for that . "
Aside from his new career as a railway expert , Mr Clemens is also known in the Vale and Cotswolds for his family 's business , Wireless Supplies .
This company , one of the first electrical companies founded in Britain , once had stores in Pershore , Evesham , Broadway and Chipping Campden .
The last shop , on Pershore High Street , closed in 2004 .
The business was founded by his grandfather Charles in 1922 , five years before electricity came to Pershore .
This pioneer of the electrical age built his first radio when he was just 15 .
" He used to gather his own crystals on the Malverns and because this was before there were any radio broadcasts he would wait on Bredon Hill to catch midnight morse code broadcasts from the Eiffel Tower in Paris , " " said Mr Clemens .
His grandfather was also a pioneer of flight : " Before the First World War he built himself a glider .
Because of its size he used the family cat to test it , " he said .
" The flight was a success and the cat was not harmed , but when he got home his mother was not very happy . "
Steam Trails : Cotswolds and South Midlands , published by Ian Allen Publishing and priced at £ 16.99 for the hardback edition , is now available in most bookshops .
As told to Arnie Cooper
For two years , I thought I was going nuts .
I had constant feelings of arousal that would n't go away .
My whole vagina felt like a pressure cooker about to go off any minute -- but it would n't .
No matter how much sex I have , or how many times I masturbate in a day -- five , six , seven -- there 's never any release .
Imagine a constant case of blue balls .
You'd think having a constantly excited woman would be a guy 's dream , but since they can't really satisfy you , men end up feeling like crap .
Part of the problem is where my " spot " is located .
It 's about the size of my fist , and it 's deep in my vagina , so it can't just be itched .
It needs to be filled .
One of my friends from the support group has it in her clitoral area , so she can use one of those clip - on toys when she 's at work .
But none of that stuff works for me .
I can't just run into the bathroom .
I have to use an internal toy .
I know some people with PSAS -- persistent sexual arousal syndrome * -- who numb themselves with drugs or ice .
But that does n't work for me .
Sometimes I 'll leave work for a nooner or grind away a bit on a stool .
That does n't relieve the pressure , but it helps .
And there 's always the car .
Sometimes when I 'm driving , the vibration will set off these little spontaneous miniorgasms .
Beyond that , it 's just become a way of life .
* After years of skepticism from gynecologists and insensitive men , PSAS has begun to be taken seriously by doctors , as seriously as it is by the women who suffer through the burning desire to masturbate every hour on the hour .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
When your computer fails , it 's like being returned instantly to the 70s .
Post Offices , record players and board games become important again .
You then have three options : the first is to buy a new computer ; the second is to embrace a preindustrial lifestyle ; the third is to attempt to fix it .
Of the three the last is the most expensive , most stressful and least likely to succeed .
The most effective way to fix a computer is to restart it .
This is the technical equivalent of a detox weekend .
It 's important to switch the power right off , and that does n't mean pushing only the button on the front , it means shutting down the power to the whole street .
One of the main causes of breakdown is that computers and printers hate each other .
The causes of conflict are : computer wo n't talk to printer ; printer ignores computer ; computer has never heard of printer ; printer does n't take computer seriously ; computer recognises other printers you do n't have .
Losing your internet connection is the big fear of all computer users .
Fortunately there are lots of online help sites that will give you all the information you need to get back online .
That 's as helpful as having drive - through car repair centres .
If you can't get online , you may have to speak to a computer expert .
Sadly , computer experts are n't usually good at speaking , especially not to other human beings .
Technical support lines will ask you to restart your computer and , when that fails , they will talk you through every stage of taking your computer apart and welding in a few new bits .
When you have your computer in 17 bits on the carpet , the phone helpline will go dead .
That 's why a vital accessory to any computer is a friendly techie .
Techies know that as long as your machine is down , you are in their power .
They will use this brief window of popularity to make impossible demands such as pizza , coffee and marriage .
A techie 's first question is always , " Have you backed up your data ? "
This is to highlight the fact that they automatically back up their own data every 30 seconds .
It 's also to warn you that the resuscitation technique they 're about to employ will wipe everything from your computer for ever .
Opinion
We 're running out of water
When I took my oldest daughter to college for the first time , I was struck by the number of students I saw lugging bottled water into their dorm rooms , case after case .
Was n't tap water good enough for these kids , I wondered ?
Why pay $ 2 a bottle for something that I always thought of as free ?
Of course , water has never been free , and we take it for granted at our peril .
Envision a future when a $ 2 bottle of water will seem cheap , when water scarcity drives up its price , leading to mass suffering , riots and , quite possibly , water wars .
In parts of the world , this is already reality .
The fact is our planet is in danger of running out of potable water faster than we realize .
According to data collected from NASA and the World Health Organization , 4 billion people will face water shortages by 2050 .
Already in China , water levels in the Yellow River -- a source that supplies more than 150 million people -- are down 33 percent from the average .
In China 's cities , wastewater pollution and inadequate treatment facilities have contaminated the water consumed by more than half the population .
Of its 669 major cities , 440 face moderate to severe water shortages .
The Chinese government -- desperately seeking solutions -- calls the water shortage a social , environmental and economic crisis .
The crisis in China has global implications .
Its agricultural industry has been nearly crippled by groundwater contamination , making the Chinese dependent on grain supplies from the West .
If the Chinese population continues to grow , the demand for grain could cause global shortages and rising prices .
In sub -Saharan Africa , where the population grows by more than 2.6 percent each year and severe drought affects the supply , less than 70 percent of water needs are met .
The same is true in India , where all 14 major rivers are polluted and drying up .
The United Nations deems dirty water a leading cause of death for children under age 5 , responsible for the deaths of more than 1.8 million children every year .
Across the world , deadly conflicts already rage over water .
The Global Policy Forum cites conflicts from China to Africa , India and the Arabian Peninsula -- and the problems are expected to escalate .
In a 1995 statement , a vice president of the World Bank , Ismail Serageldin , asserted , " The wars of the next century will be about water . "
Organizations from the United Nations to the CIA have warned against the dangers of a looming water shortage .
If Americans think water shortage is a problem that only affects less developed nations , they are in for a shock .
The Colorado River -- once a mighty force through the Southwest -- no longer reaches the ocean .
During the summer months , the Rio Grande disappears from its bed for nearly 200 miles , coming alive again only when it meets the Rio Conches .
The water from these rivers keeps golf courses green and water fountains flowing , but their supply diminishes every year .
And the effects will be felt sooner than we think .
Southwestern states will face threatening shortages as early as 2025 .
Just as people are starting to wake up to global warming , it 's time to wake up to the related challenge of finding solutions to an impending water crisis .
What can be done ?
Unlike oil or natural gas , for which alternatives are being created and tested in labs around the world , water has no equal and no alternative .
Our bodies and crops will accept nothing else , and we cannot manufacture more .
Our supply will literally dry up if we do n't take action to protect it .
Water efficiency is our only option .
Drought , overpopulation and pollution are all contributing to the water crisis , but so is water waste and overuse -- two factors that can be mitigated through better water efficiency practices .
In the United States , an average household could save 30,000 gallons per year by combining conservation practices with water - efficient products .
This represents a savings of 24 percent of total household water use .
As it turns out , saving on household water use is great news not only for the environment , but also for our bank accounts .
According to the California Energy Commission , moving , treating , consuming and heating water accounts for 19 percent of the state 's electricity and 30 percent of its natural gas use .
If we reduce our use of water , we essentially limit our use of gas and electricity , reduce carbon dioxide emissions and lower our monthly utility bills .
Landscapes are the single largest consumer of non-agricultural water , and are typically over - watered by 30 to 300 percent .
Property developers who use smart technology to automate irrigation report collective savings of more than 200 million gallons of water each year , representing an estimated $ 350 million in annual cost savings .
These potential savings have caught the attention of the government and prompted new legislation .
Many Western municipalities now deny building permits to developers unless their plans incorporate water - saving technology .
Assembly Bill 1881 , enacted in California , would require irrigation controllers sold in California starting in 2012 to meet strict water efficiency standards .
The California Energy Commission plans to develop water - saving standards for irrigation controllers and moisture sensors by January 2010 .
Government mandates are part of the answer , but the real power lies in free market innovation .
Companies that find solutions to this urgent problem stand to grow and benefit .
Developing or adopting clean technology can be a means to drive higher profit margins and cut expenses -- all while helping to protect the environment for future generations .
For our planet 's future , we have to safeguard and make intelligent use of our water .
We have an opportunity -- and a moral obligation -- to develop , use and invest in technological solutions that reduce water waste .
The water shortage crisis -- a close second to the global warming crisis -- needs to be at a higher level of awareness for our population .
We assume water will be there forever , but that 's not the case .
We can no longer take it for granted .
We have to put our best thinking , energy and resources into finding solutions while we still can .
I favor impeachment .
I have done so publicly for two years .
I recently wrote what I think is a workable approach to getting impeachment hearings under way despite the recalcitrance of most Democrats in Congress – Forget the Leadership .
Convince the Judiciary Committee .
But I am increasingly appalled by the self - righteous declamations here and elsewhere in wwwLand that anybody who does n’t see impeachment as the holy grail of current politics is an idiot , a turncoat , a sell - out , a willing or unsuspecting servant of the Dark Side .
I am up to my eyebrows with the " with us or against us " tenor of so many of the Diaries on this subject .
Many people who think that shouting – particularly shouting insults and smears – at Congresspeople ( or fellow progressives ) seem incapable of extrapolating from their own reactions when someone insults or smears them .
I ’m not arguing against expressions of anger .
Anger has its place .
Sometimes , too , you have to sit down in the middle of the street and say , we ’re not moving until the powers - that - be change direction .
But , as I see it , a few of the most avid impeachment advocates are sabotaging their own case with assertions of nefarious doings by people with longstanding and impeccable progressive credentials .
The fact that this actually amounts to sabotage is concealed by the popularity a rant always rouses from the amen corner .
My first stirrings toward believing that impeachment should be pursued go all the way back to late summer 2003 when it became apparent that someone on high had outed a covert CIA agent for political gain .
And I leaned further in that direction when I read Ron Suskind ’s book The Price of Loyalty , in which former Treasury Secretary Paul O’Neill gave us some of the inside skinny on the Administration ’s " deliberations " about invading Iraq in the immediate aftermath of September 11 .
I became even more convinced after May 2005 , when we again had confirmed for us by Times ( of London ’s ) publication of the Downing Street Memo that the Bush Administration had been utterly determined to invade Iraq no matter what the evidence showed .
The operative paragraph :
C reported on his recent talks in Washington .
There was a perceptible shift in attitude .
Military action was now seen as inevitable .
Bush wanted to remove Saddam , through military action , justified by the conjunction of terrorism and WMD .
But the intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy .
The NSC had no patience with the UN route , and no enthusiasm for publishing material on the Iraqi regime 's record .
There was little discussion in Washington of the aftermath after military action .
That memo , by the way , was written exactly five years ago tomorrow , July 23 , 2002 , a time when some of us hoped we still could stop the rush for war .
By October 2005 , with torture and rendition and secret prisons and Gitmo and a thousand elements of the Administration handiwork , the stench from the White House and its environs spurred me to write Enough already with calling Iraq a mistake :
Every one of them is wrong .
Invading Iraq was no mistake .
It was bloody treason .
And the traitors still rule us instead of breaking rocks at Leavenworth .
They knowingly , willingly , unhesitatingly pronounced what they knew to be lies and marginalized , denigrated and smeared contrary - minded people , manipulated real evidence , concocted fake evidence , tricked an American population traumatized , fearful and furious about terrorism and sent young men and women off to a war at the tip of a bayonet named " 9/11 . "
A mistake is when you hammer your thumb instead of the nail .
A mistake is when you choose c ) instead of d ) on the SAT .
A mistake is when you put too much garlic in the minestrone .
Invading Iraq was no damned mistake .
And calling it a mistake is more than a mere slip of the tongue .
It sets a precedent .
Pretty soon , everybody will be saying invading Iraq was a mistake .
And in 20 years , your grandkids will be studying out of textbooks that call it a mistake .
Instead of calling it what it really was .
Sedition .
Over and over again for three years we 've had our faces rubbed in the evidence .
Yet , every day , someone calls this perfidious , murderous scheme a mistake .
As if invading Iraq were a foreign policy mishap .
Oopsy .
Stop it already .
People do not commit treachery by mistake .
As we full well know , even before George W. Bush was scooted into office 5 - to - 4 , the men he came to front for were already at work plotting their rationale for sinking deeper military and economic roots in the Middle East , petropolitics and neo-imperialist sophistry greedily intertwined .
When they stepped into office , as Richard Clarke explained to us , terrorism gave them no worries .
They blew off Clarke and they blew off Hart - Rudman with scarcely a fare - thee - well .
Then , when they were n't figuring out how to lower taxes on their pals and unravel the tattered social safety net , they focused - as Paul O'Neill informed us - on finding the right excuse to persuade the American people to go to war with Saddam Hussein as a prelude to going to war with some of his neighbors .
In less than nine months , that excuse dropped into their laps in the form of Osama bin Laden 's kamikaze crews .
From that terrible day forward , Richard Cheney and his sidekick Donald Rumsfeld and their like - minded coterie of rogues engineered the invasion .
They did n't slip the U.S. into Iraq by mistake .
Like the shrewd opportunists they have shown themselves to be in the business world , they saw the chance to carry out their invasion plan and they moved every obstacle - most especially the truth - out of their way to make it happen .
Since then , a passel of additional information has come our way , including , of course , the outrageously belated report by The New York Times that U.S. intelligence agencies had been spying on American citizens in violation of the very easy - to - comply - with law set up three decades ago in the wake of revelations of illegal government spying in that era .
The list of malfeasance , depravity , villainy , outlawry , corruption , injustice and barbarity goes on far longer than I have space for here , and , besides , we ’ve every one of us heard the perverted litany so many , many times before .
Amid all these abominations , the lies and the killings as well as the violations and circumventions of the Constitution , the Administration deployed fear to engender hatred and yet more fear .
It spurred Americans to worry that foreign extremists would rip away their way of life while diligently and often secretly using that hatred , fear and worry to steal the very liberty we were told was under attack by the jihadis who they had let escape at Tora Bora .
So , by the time the Democrats had their majority last January , a majority that uncountable thousands of activist progressives spent money and time and energy to achieve , nobody had to convince me to support impeachment .
And I looked forward to investigations and hearings that would bring us closer to the day when impeachment hearings would be underway .
Having read what others had to say on the subject , it was my view that either the Bush Administration would surrender relevant documents in this series of ongoing investigations , and that these documents would make certain what has long been suspected and that would lead to impeachment hearings .
Or that the Administration would stonewall , refuse to accept subpoenas , thus force Congress step by step to crank up the pressure .
Either the Administration would crack under that pressue and investigations would officially reveal impeachable offenses , or the refusal to comply would itself force members of Congress to seek impeachment .
Either way , bingo .
It would be an understatement to say not everyone agreed then or agrees now .
Well - informed people I greatly respect , some of whom I agree with on 90 % of everything else political , think impeachment is either a will 'o the wisp or a gross mistake that will be deeply regretted if it occurs and who think progressives are wasting their energy to pursue it .
I challenge them on their point of view .
I argue with them .
But I do n’t lightly cast aside what they say , nor insult nor otherwise disrespect them .
If I did , why should they take me seriously on this or any other subject about which progressives have differences of opinion ?
Practically speaking , we who seek impeachment have ( at best ) but a few months to persuade those in Congress ( who likely can be persuaded ) that investigations explicitly called impeachment hearings should begin .
Some people have complained that they have written or phoned congressional offices to express their views favoring impeachment and gotten no response or a canned response – a form letter or a blah - blah - de - blah reply from an aide – regarding their concerns .
Or that they ’ve gotten a flat no .
OK .
Surrender ?
Despair ?
Or onto the next step ?
I vote for the latter .
The perfect time to catch your Representative ( and Senators ) face to face is now , when they 'll be making more visits home than any time of the year except the winter holidays .
They 'll be speaking publicly at numerous venues , and you ( and others ) can be in attendance repeatedly , relentlessly questioning them and urging them to take action .
You can urge them to send John Conyers a letter saying they think now ’s the time .
If your Representative is one of the Democratic members of the House Judiciary Committee , your persuasive efforts will be far more pivotal than those of us who live in other districts , because if your Rep calls for impeachment hearings it means more than a similar call by 90 % of the other Democrats .
This kind of politicing requires a lot more commitment than writing a letter , or writing a screed , or showing up at a protest march , and not everyone , of course , can afford to travel to district offices or other venues to do this .
But those who can afford the time and who feel strongly enough – certainly passion does not seem in short supply – should do what they can as many times as they can to come face - to - face with their Rep and Senators .
Letters and e-mails are easy to ignore .
Constituents in person far less so .
Particularly polite , well - informed , insistent constituents with a well - honed , message that is carefully crafted ahead of time to knock down any objections .
I plan to work on my Congressman in this regard , and on Iraq withdrawal , every time I get the opportunity .
Let me make myself clear once more .
I enjoy a good rant against the powers - that - be as much as the next person .
But at this late date , ranting wo n’t move impeachment one millimeter closer to reality .
“ EVERYONE else in Britain hangs on what the Bank of England does with interest rates , ” says one proud Aberdonian .
“ Up here , we do n't care about that .
We 're much more interested in what OPEC does to the oil price . ”
An exaggeration maybe , but Aberdeen is the Houston of an offshore industry that has long made Britain a big oil and gas producer .
The petropounds coursing through the “ Granite City ” on the north - east coast of Scotland have turned Aberdeen into one of the most prosperous cities in Britain .
The typical worker makes £ 481 ( $ 971 ) a week , compared with median earnings of £ 447 across Britain .
The city 's unemployment rate is well under the national average .
The oil industry employs 33,000 people directly in Aberdeen and is estimated to provide work for 400,000 in Britain .
Aberdeen is booming now thanks to high oil prices , but the future looks less rosy .
Offshore output peaked eight years ago , when Britain was the world 's sixth - biggest producer of oil and gas ; by 2006 it had become the 12th - biggest .
The International Energy Agency said on July 10th that the drop in production had been steeper than expected .
“ There 'll be nothing here in 15 years ' time , ” says one former offshore worker .
“ Oil 's been good to me , but I would n't want my son going into the business . ”
The recent decision by Royal Dutch Shell to sell off several of its North Sea fields and to abandon the construction of a £ 25 m headquarters in the city has added to local worries .
Yet even though oil and gas output is declining , the local businesses that have sprung up to support it have bright prospects .
The North Sea was one of the earliest offshore oil basins to be developed .
Many of the technologies needed to produce oil from underwater wells — especially in the difficult , gale - prone waters off the British coast — were developed in Scotland .
Around 90 % of oil - industry workers are employed not by the big international companies such as BP or Total that operate the fields but by local businesses .
For example , Wood Group is a big oil - services firm that specialises in , among other things , enhanced - recovery technology and offshore pipelines .
Sub-Atlantic is a small outfit that makes remotely operated submarines .
Altogether such businesses — covering everything from catering and construction to geology and engineering — have a turnover of around £ 11.7 billion a year .
The hope is that they will be able to sell the expertise they have acquired in the North Sea to an industry searching for oil and seeking to maximise production in ever more testing submarine conditions around the world .
One area of particular British expertise is in subsea technology , a catch - all term for things such as automated wellheads and long pipeline networks on the seabed .
These allow oil companies to use cheap ships instead of expensive fixed platforms and enable them to operate several wells from one platform many miles away .
Remotely operated vehicles are used to install and maintain equipment where water is too deep for divers .
In 2005 Britain 's subsea industry 's output was worth around £ 3.4 billion , half of which was exported , a 20 % rise on the year before .
There are big opportunities to keep growing fast .
British firms account for half of global sales , and the industry is expanding rapidly .
The world market for subsea services could be worth $ 40 billion by 2011 , according to Scottish Enterprise , a development agency .
David Pridden , the boss of Subsea UK , a trade agency , thinks exports from the British industry could reach $ 15 billion by 2020 .
Local businesses also have experience in squeezing more output out of existing fields , or cheaply developing smaller ones — something that should extend the life of Britain 's North Sea industry ( see article ) .
As big finds become rarer , producers are focusing on how to extract oil from smaller reservoirs that can be geologically or technically tricky to operate .
“ As other oilfields around the world begin to mature , there 'll be a centre of expertise here that can tell them how to get the most out of their remaining reserves , ” says Geoff Runcie , the boss of the Aberdeen and Grampian Chamber of Commerce .
The city 's cluster of high - tech businesses may have sprung up to support the North Sea oil industry but there are also opportunities beyond it .
Many local firms have branched off into other areas , such as defence .
Technologies developed to pull oil and gas from the ocean floor can find other uses , too .
When a Russian mini-submarine became caught on the Pacific seabed in 2005 , it was cut free by a British remotely operated submarine based on technology developed for the North Sea .
Aberdeen also has ambitions to exploit its oil - support know - how in green energy .
The hope is that local businesses with expertise in offshore construction and engineering can provide services to firms building offshore wind turbines or , in future , tidal and wave - powered generators .
And even exhausted oil and gas fields may come in handy .
One idea is that they can be used to store carbon emissions from fossil - fuel power plants .
The city is not short of ambition , but cooler - headed businessmen point out that it is easier to recognise opportunities than to grasp them .
Exports still account for only about a quarter of the oil - support industry 's output .
Last year they grew by just 2 % , compared with 16 % in 2005 , despite efforts by Scottish Enterprise to encourage firms to expand overseas .
Oilmen make similar complaints to their counterparts in the rest of Britain 's engineering sector : that the country lacks skilled workers ; the standard of technical education is inadequate ; and the government is ineffective in tackling these problems .
Yet such complaints have been made ever since the first North Sea well started pumping in 1967 .
The cluster of businesses in Aberdeen has achieved a critical mass thanks to the North Sea .
It now stands a good chance of thriving in more distant offshore markets as the demand for energy continues to boom .
Effective on the first day following your closing date that occurs on or after December 19 , 2007 , B of A is changing the timing of when they determine the prime rate for your credit card with a variable rate plan .
The prime rate they select will be the highest prime rate during the preceding three months rather than the prime rate at the end of the month .
Also , at varying times , starting in December and extending through January , B of A is going to change their definitions of various terms and how they compute your balance and increase some interest rate margin indices .
They 're also redefining their " Default Pricing " terms .
There 's more .... but the numbers look like this :
B of A is changing their rates for Cash Advances and some other defined transactions ( for example , using your credit card for a cash advance at an ATM ) from prime plus 8.25 % to prime plus 15.99 % .
B of A states that would currently mean an interest rate of 24.24 %
Default ...ie , two instances of not paying on time or exceeding your limit ... they may default , without notice , your account to a variable default interest rate of prime plus up to 23.99 percentage points ... or , they state , currently about 32.24 % .
The margin on interest rates charged on standard purchases ( for accounts in good standing ) are n't increasing at the current time , though they reserve the right to do so .
HOWEVER ... with the change in how prime is computed , you 'll likely be paying more than you previously would .
The current economic situation indicates the Fed may be lowering rates ... so B of A is going to make sure they charge the highest possible rates .
Finally , the mailing includes a lengthy change to Billing Rights and makes arbitration mandatory if you have a dispute .
So , if you agree to all these new terms you 're also giving up your right to sue in court if you have a claim against B of A .
They say you can write to them and reject these new terms .
I 'm not sure what happens then .
One thing I am sure of is that we can thank our feckless elected representatives in Congress for allowing the financial industry to screw us at will .
Homeland Security officials are testing a supersnoop computer system that sifts through personal information on U.S. citizens to detect possible terrorist attacks , prompting concerns from lawmakers who have called for investigations .
The system uses the same data - mining process that was developed by the Pentagon ’s Total Information Awareness ( TIA ) project that was banned by Congress in 2003 because of vast privacy violations .
A Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) investigation of the project called ADVISE — Analysis , Dissemination , Visualization , Insight and Semantic Enhancement — was requested by Rep. David R. Obey , Wisconsin Democrat and chairman of the House Appropriations Committee .
The investigation focuses on whether the program violates privacy laws , and the findings will be released after completion of the Iraq war supplemental spending bill , possibly as early as this week , a panel aide said .
The ADVISE and TIA data - mining projects rely on personal data to track individual behavior and consumer transactions to develop computer algorithms that create a pattern that some behavioral scientists say can predict terrorist behavior .
Data can include credit - card purchases , telephone or Internet details , medical records , travel and banking information .
Privacy concerns prompted lawmakers on both sides of the aisle to introduce legislation in January to require that government agencies disclose data - mining practices in regular reports to Congress .
“ A serious discussion on the implications of data - mining programs is long overdue , ” Sen .
Russ Feingold , Wisconsin Democrat and a sponsor of the bill , said yesterday .
Sen. John E. Sununu , New Hampshire Republican , is also a bill sponsor .
“ Many Americans are understandably concerned about the idea of secret government programs analyzing their personal information .
Congress needs to know more about the operational aspects and privacy implications of data - mining programs before these programs are allowed to go forward , ” Mr. Feingold said .
A spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security did not return a call for comment .
Congress also tucked language inside Homeland Security ’s spending bill in September requiring an investigation by the agency ’s inspector general , but allowed $ 40 million in funding to go forward in this year ’s budget .
“ The ADVISE program is designed to extract relationships and correlations from large amounts of data to produce actionable intelligence on terrorists , ” the spending bill said .
“ A prototype is currently available to analysts in Intelligence and Analysis using departmental and other data , including some on U.S. citizens . ”
According to a Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) report in March 2003 , TIA planned “ to use data mining technologies to sift through personal transactions in electronic data to find patterns and associations connected to terrorist threats and activities . ”
“ Recent increased awareness about the existence of the TIA project provoked expressions of concern about the potential for the invasion of privacy of law - abiding citizens by the government , and about the direction of the project by John Poindexter , a central figure in the Iran - Contra affair , ” the CRS report said .
“ While the law enforcement and intelligence communities argue that more sophisticated information gathering techniques are essential to combat today ’s sophisticated terrorists , civil libertarians worry that the government ’s increased capability to assemble information will result in increased and unchecked government power , and the erosion of individual privacy , ” the report said .
ADVISE was initiated in 2003 following the demise of the TIA project .
The new system includes data - mining tools to digest “ massive quantities of information from many different sources ” to find “ hidden relationships in the data , ” according to a 2004 report by Sandia National Laboratories and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory on a Homeland Security workshop that outlined this and other technology under development .
The technology is expected to analyze more than 3 million “ relationships ” or connections per hour , says the report , which included an example of how friends , family members , locations and workplaces can be linked by pinging the data .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
ATHENS , Aug. 25 — Greece declared a national state of emergency on Saturday as scores of forest fires that have killed at least 46 people continued to burn out of control , leaving some villages trapped within walls of flames , cut off from firefighters and , in some cases , from firefighting aircraft grounded because of high winds .
Desperate people called television and radio stations pleading for help that they feared would not arrive in time .
“ I can hear the flames outside my door , ” one caller from the village of Andritsena told a Greek television station , according to Reuters news service .
“ There is no water anywhere .
There is no help .
We are alone . ”
Although most of the fires have been on the Peloponnesian Peninsula , some broke out on the outskirts of Athens on Saturday , forcing the evacuation of homes and a monastery and closing a major road linking the capital to the main airport for several hours .
The national fire brigade said that by evening it had brought those blazes under control , including one that came within about six miles of the city .
Are They Hypocrites or Are You A Cynic ?
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Let ’s take a look at how “ the media ” treats famous faces on their quest to be eco .
Celebrity does something environmentally friendly .
Media outlets ’round the world try to find something said celebrity does that is not eco-friendly .
Celebrity called a hypocrite .
World becomes cynical towards any celebrity ( or anyone ) trying to do the right thing .
Is this model working for us ?
As John Mayer said at the Live Earth press conference , “ Can somebody explain to me when cynicism wins in this case ? ”
Jeff Bercovici over at Radar is looking at this issue in his latest piece , Green Fakers – Why Eco-Hypocrisy Matters .
Not sure I agree with him on all counts .
Now , I believe research is important in any field .
But why are we always looking for bad news ?
Ecorazzi slams bad - for - the - planet actions , too … but I hope that we are also helping spread a good message – a message that some celebs are trying to use to get some extra attention through their spot in the public eye .
And here is the age old question :
Is flying in a private jet ever really “ necessary ” ?
I believe there are occasions in which the answer is yes .
One instance is when you are someone like Prince Charles .
I think it ’s ridiculous to think that someone with such security concerns would even consider flying commercial .
Of course , there are not many people that fall into this class .
Then , we have to consider how there are certain people in this world that have a crazy schedule , and a private plane will help keep them on track .
For instance , if you are Bobby Kennedy , Al Gore , Arnold Schwarzenegger , or yes , even Leonardo DiCaprio , you have so many speaking arrangements and meetings , that you are constantly on the go .
Let ’s say that any one of these people has a speech in California one night and a speech in Texas the next day .
Both are to sold out audiences .
The speech will be used to inspire and motivate thousands of people towards making their local environment a better one .
But , oops , your American Airlines flight is delayed a few hours .
All other flights are booked .
Sorry , you wo n’t be able to make it to your speaking engagement .
Those thousands of people are now NOT motivated , and in fact , extremely disappointed .
Does this mean that a private jet would be acceptable for times when many others are depending on your arrival , and you absolutely can not plan to arrive with hours or a day early ?
Or does it mean that you should take more care in planning your schedule so that you will have plenty of time to travel from one location to another ?
Or should you simply stay home , like our friend Ed Begley , Jr. ?
And does the fact that none of us are perfect or can live completely emissions free mean that we are not doing something good in this world , and something worth talking about ?
Does it change your opinion of me to know that I can not recycle from my home , and therefore often do not have a way to recycle much of my household waste ?
Does that make me a hypocrite ?
Even though I spend most of my waking hours compiling and writing “ green stories ” to educate , entertain , and hopefully inspire others to take a step in the green direction ?
Would love your thoughts on the opinions stated above , as well as those stated in Radar ’s Green Fakers article .
Why the “ loudness wars ” are killing today ’s music
Pull out a vinyl record from the 70s or early 80s , and listen to it .
Odds are it ’ll have a big dynamic range — it ’ll be whisper - quiet in some parts and booming loud in others .
You ’ll pick up new nuances every time you listen to it .
Now listen to any music track recorded in the last ten years , and it ’ll be radically different .
That dynamic range is gone :
The entire track is loud , all the way through .
The sound sounds a lot more intense , and it “ grabs ” you more quickly the first time you hear it .
But does it still reward re-listening ?
Nope , says a writer at Stylus magazine .
In this amazing and lengthy piece , he argues that the “ loudness wars ” are destroying music .
Record labels for decades have tried to make records louder , on the mostly - correct theory that louder music is more likely to pull you in on first listen .
But the way you make music louder is via “ compression ” .
In a normal recording of music , the loudest parts — the peaks — are much higher than the quietest ones , the valleys .
Compression shrinks the difference between the peaks and valleys , so there ’s less dynamic range ; this frees up more room up top so you can boost the whole volume of the entire song .
See those two graphs overhead ?
The original is Abba ’s “ One of Us ” as recorded in 1981 , and you can see the wide dynamic range .
The second graph is “ One of Us ” remastered in 2005 , compressed to make all of the sound - wave “ big ” and louder .
The author also argues that the jump - the - shark moment for the recording industry was … Oasis .
In 1987 , the average album like Appetite for Destruction by Guns ‘N Roses had a dynamic range of 15 decibels .
Oasis ’ 1994
( What ’s the Story ) Morning Glory had a range of a mere 8 decibels — compressed to make it louder and louder .
But so what ?
Why does this hurt music ?
Because of the psychoacoustics of how loudness and quietness affects us .
When a song has less dynamic range , even if it ’s louder we are — paradoxically — more likely to tune it out , as the author argues .
It ’s worth reading his entire essay , but here are some excerpts :
One result of [ overcompression ] is that modern CDs have much more consistent volume levels than ever before .
But when is it desirable for music to be at a consistent volume ?
When it ’s not being actively listened to ; i.e. when it ’s intended as background music .
Music is n’t meant to be at a consistent volume and flat frequency ; it ’s meant to be dynamic , to move , to fall and rise and to take you with it , physically and emotionally .
Otherwise it literally is just background noise …
Music is about tension and release .
With very “ hot , ” un -dynamic music there is no release because the sensory assault simply does n’t let - up .
… people I see out and about wearing walkmans or MP3 players seldom seem to tap , or nod , or hum along at all though ; instead their gazes seem fixed with a steely resolve , their bodies tense and their minds seemingly tenser .
To me that is n’t the body language of someone enjoying music .
People are forgetting how to listen , and who can blame them ?
I ’ve messed around with lots of home - recording technology — for music and for my Wired podcasts — and this guy ’s right .
Compression is addictive .
I use a Joe Meek MQ3 to compress recorded instruments and voices , then T - Racks ’ software compressor to further pump up tracks inside Pro Tools , and with each rev the sound gets fatter and more intense .
But maybe I ’m removing all dynamic appeal from what I ’m recording ?
( Thanks to Andrew Hearst for this one ! )
Disqus
By James Painter
BBC News , West Kalimantan
Barto is more sad than angry .
He is a leader of a Dayak Kanayan community in a remote part of the rainforest in deepest Borneo .
Barto and his fellow villagers have seen chunks of their land destroyed
Gazing out over a vast expanse of freshly planted palm oil plants , he says : " This is our ancestors ' land which we have had for years , and now we have lost it . "
Barto's village of Aruk is on the Indonesian side of the border with Malaysia , in West Kalimantan .
It is a key region earmarked for palm oil expansion , as Indonesia hopes to reap the benefits of a growing demand for palm oil products in China , India and Europe .
The EU recently agreed to replace 10 % of its transport fuel with biofuels , including palm oil , by 2020 .
The village is just one of several where the land rights of local communities and indigenous groups come head to head with new concessions given to palm oil companies .
Barto's cousin , 35 - year - old Alexander , lost his 10 - acre plot last year .
" I went to my land one morning , and found it had been cleared .
All my rubber trees , my plants had been destroyed , " he says , fighting back the tears .
" Now I have to work as a builder in Malaysia , so I can feed my three children . "
There 's been a very significant increase in land conflict since demand for palm oil shot up
Jefri Gideon
Indonesian NGO , Sawit Watch
The company , a subsidiary of the Indonesian Duta Palma group , did offer Alexander compensation for his land .
But Alexander says it is not enough , and that he is yet to receive anything .
" Deep in my heart I feel I do n't want to let go of my land , but if I have to , they have to pay me , " he adds .
The villagers say about 25 of their plots were cleared for palm - oil expansion without their consent .
In desperation , about 300 of them in April seized the bulldozer and trucks belonging to the company .
The police intervened and gave the heavy equipment back to the company .
Legal concessions
There is a similar story of growing conflict right across West Kalimantan .
" There 's been a very significant increase in land conflict since demand for palm oil shot up , " says Jefri Gideon , campaign officer for Sawit Watch , an Indonesian NGO supported by Oxfam .
He said the number of communities involved in conflicts has mushroomed to more than 50 since 2005 in West Kalimantan , and to about 400 for the whole of Indonesia .
Alexander has had to find work in Malaysia after his land was seized
The concessions given to companies just in West Kalimantan have risen from about 500,000 hectares ( 1.2 m acres ) in the 1990s to more than 3.2 million hectares now - about six times the size of the tourist island of Bali .
A main part of the problem , said Sawit Watch , is that companies are given legal concessions to clear the land by the bupati , or district governor .
The villagers have rarely had any legal titles , but base their claim on what is called " customary land rights " .
Sawit Watch and Friends of the Earth argue social conflicts are another downside to palm oil expansion , which has already been heavily criticised for being one cause of Indonesia 's high rate of deforestation .
Prices for palm oil have risen sharply since early 2006 .
Indonesian and foreign companies want to take advantage .
This year , Indonesia is set to overtake Malaysia as the world 's largest producer of palm oil .
Government officials and industry analysts say the palm oil boom is helping to provide thousands of poor Indonesians with income and local employment .
But NGOs complain that too many companies do not follow Indonesian legislation or industry - set codes of practice .
Officials at the environment ministry are aware of the problem .
" Solving the conflicts requires money , such as hiring lawyers , " says Agus Purnomo , special assistant to the minister .
" So we have to tell the companies they can make money but they also have to pay to settle the conflicts . "
" There are a lot of greedy companies in the world , " adds Agus Purnomo .
" We must n't allow the bad companies to set the tone .
We need the good ones to come and set the standard . "
Set of principles
A report in July by Friends of the Earth Netherlands ( Milieu Defensie ) and two Indonesian NGOs strongly criticised Wilmar , a Singapore - listed company , thought to be the world 's biggest palm oil company .
It accused Wilmar of illegal forest clearances in West Kalimantan , inadequate Environmental Impact Assessments and clearing land outside its concessions .
Wilmar denies the allegation .
The report also calls on Unilever , a major purchaser from Wilmar , to review its purchasing relationship with the company .
" We have a supplier audit programme , " says Jan Kees Vis , Sustainable Agriculture Director at Unilever .
" It 's not 100 % water tight , but as far as we know , the palm oil we buy from Wilmar comes from Sumatra , not from West Kalimantan . "
Both Unilever and Wilmar are members of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) , which brings together retailers , producers and NGOs like Oxfam and World Wildlife Fund .
At its next meeting in Kuala Lumpur in November , the RSPO is expected to publish details of the creation of a network of certified plantations .
Mr Kees
Vis agrees that some companies act responsibly , some do not .
He hopes those that are members of the RSPO will gradually move their operations to comply with RSPO principles .
This may not come soon enough for the villagers in Aruk .
Some are clearly keen to step up their protests .
At a highly charged public meeting , some shout that they want to burn down the offices of the company .
Others are more moderate , preferring to do a deal and grow palm oil to supply the company .
But they all agree they want to remain " masters of their own land " .
Contents
Welcome
Welcome • Satish Kumar
Feature Articles
A CITIZEN'S RESPONSE • Wendell Berry
We must work seriously for peace .
CLASH OF CIVILISATIONS • John Mohawk
Rethinking basic assumptions .
GOD SAVE AMERICA !
• Ziauddin Sardar
America is the first hyperpower in history .
WHO IS NEXT ? • Alan Simpson MP
Terrorism can't be bombed out of existence .
DEVASTATING THE EARTH • Jane Goodall
The unseen victims of war .
A LEGACY OF LOSS • Natasha Walter
The war on terror is also a war of terror .
FUTURE FORTUNES • Caroline Lucas MEP
The West has waged war on Iraq since 1991 .
CAUSES OF CONFLICT • Andrew Simms
Peace is impossible in an unfair world .
CAR WARS • Ian Roberts
Motor vehicles are responsible for one third of global oil use .
BOYCOTT BRITAIN • Imran Khan
Will cricketers choose not to play in the UK ?
THE MADNESS OF SEPTEMBER 11 • Maurice Ash
The Tao that can be spoken of is not the Tao that is .
Accompanied by the photographs of Sebastião Salgado .
Prospects for Peace
PEACE AS A CIVIL RIGHT • Dennis Kucinich
Injustice is a weapon of mass destruction .
REAL SECURITY • Amory Lovins
Where does security come from ?
ANOTHER WORLD IS POSSIBLE • Herbert Girardet
A letter to America .
WALKING FOR PEACE • Satish Kumar
A thought for the day .
CHURCH OF LOVE • Andrew Linzey
Christianity and violence are incompatible .
SUSTAINABILITY AND SECURITY • Jonathon Porritt & Martin Wright
Addressing the roots of conflict .
THE POTENCY OF NONVIOLENCE • Scilla Elworthy
Breaking the cycle of violence .
PEACE DIRECT • Claire - Noelle Devas
A new initiative for nonviolent conflict resolution .
WORDS OF EMPATHY • Polly McLean
Promoting nonviolent communication .
SOUL POWER • Thomas Moore
Nonviolence is the weapon of the brave .
TEN - POINT PLAN FOR PEACE - • David Nicholson - Lord
Changing behaviour which leads to conflict .
PEACE RESOURCE DIRECTORY
CULTURE OF COMMUNITY • John Battle MP
The global is local and the local is global
HEARTS IN HARMONY • William Dalrymple
Hindus and Muslims mingle for the blessings of a Sufi saint .
Regulars
Touchstone • Colin Hodgetts
Voice From The South • Vandana Shiva
Letter from Key West • Rosalind Brackenbury
Letters to the Editors
The Arts
TIMELESS SANCTUARIES • Nicholas Usherwood
The art of Christopher Wood .
Reviews
SCULPTURED WORDS • Roger Berthoud
Review of Henry Moore : Writings and Conversations
A MIND'S JOURNEY • Diana Schumacher
Review of You Are , Therefore I Am
NO RIGHT TO PERSONAL RIGHTS • James Wells - Bruges
Review of Unequal Protection
ENOUGH IS A FEAST • Maya Kumar Mitchell
Review of Slow Food
IN NATURE'S IMAGE • Patrick Holden
Review of Fatal Harvest
PANDORA'S POWER • James Sainsbury
Review of Travels in the Genetically Modified Zone
WISE WOMEN • Jean Hardy
Review of Elderwoman
SOUL OF THE WORLD • Rosie Jackson
Review of The Philosophers ' Secret Fire
FOLLOW THE MONEY • Nick Robins
Review of The Divine Right of Capital
SEEING THE WORLD AFRESH • John Lane
Review of Matthias Grünewald and Henri Cartier - Bresson : Landscape / Townscape
THE LAST GREAT VICTORIAN • Ivor Stolliday
Review of The Selected Letters of Bertrand Russell
BOOKS IN BRIEF • Marian Van Eyk McCain
Two House committees to probe abstinence - based AIDS prevention program Michael Roston
Published : Tuesday July 17 , 2007 Print This Email This The Chairmen of two Committees in the House of Representatives have opened a probe into the effectiveness of President George W. Bush 's ' abstinence - only ' policies for preventing the spread of HIV / AIDS globally .
Reps. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) and Tom Lantos ( D - CA , chairs of the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform and Foreign Affairs , respectively , wrote with Rep. Barbara Lee ( D - CA ) to Mark Dybul , the US Global AIDS Coordinator , in a Monday letter .
It warned that the administration 's current approach to HIV / AIDS prevention was coming up short . " [ A ] recently completed impact evaluation that the Administration commissioned suggests that U.S. - funded ' abstinence and be faithful ' programs are failing to meet the needs of sexually active youth , " the three Congressmembers wrote .
" According to the study , many of the evaluated programs lack age - appropriate , skill - based lessons on partner reduction , mutual fidelity , and cross-generational and transactional sex .... most of the programs do not seem to have procedures in place to refer sexually active or ' at - risk ' youth to more comprehensive programs , despite your office 's direction that they do so . "
The House Democrats ' letter notes that significant amounts of federal funds are spent globally on the ' abstinence and be faithful ' programs .
The President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief spent approximately $ 1 billion , or 7 % of total funds , on prevention programs that concentrate on abstinence .
The lengthy letter detailed some reasons to doubt the effectiveness of the programs , based on a ' targeted evaluation ' that the program itself commissioned .
The program , they noted " would seem by definition to include ' be faithful ' messages .
However , the evaluators found that many programs did not have adequate components dealing with partner reduction and fidelity . "
Instead , the letter warned , " few programs had specific activities and strategies for sexually - active youth , beyond recommending a return to abstinence . "
Additionally , Waxman , Lantos , and Lee noted , the program was coming up short in spreading messages about effective condom use .
" [ F]ew of the programs trained leaders for youth ages 10 - 19 or school - based programs on how to respond to questions about sexuality , including condoms , " they wrote .
By July 30 , the House members sought an update on " how you plan to respond to the findings and recommendations of this report as they relate to the needs of sexually active youth . "
The full letter can be downloaded from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform website .
When Jose Padilla was taken into custody at Chicago 's O'Hare airport in 2002 , government officials announced with great fanfare that he was plotting with Al Qaeda to detonate a radiological " dirty bomb " in a major US city .
Now , five years later , Mr. Padilla is about to stand trial in federal court here .
But there is no mention of a dirty bomb plot anywhere in the case .
It is not an oversight .
A criminal trial is not intended to be a history lesson .
Instead , to protect Padilla 's right to a fair trial , the case against him is based on a much more skimpy presentation of evidence .
The omission illustrates a fundamental tension between the Bush administration 's iron - fisted approach to intelligence gathering in the war on terror and a US citizen 's entitlement to constitutional and other protections of the criminal - justice system .
The alleged dirty - bomb plot was uncovered through the use of coercive interrogation tactics – torture according to Padilla and others – which renders the information too unreliable to be admitted in an American court .
As a result , federal prosecutors were forced to build their Miami conspiracy case using evidence obtained through noncoercive means and investigative methods that did not violate core constitutional guarantees .
Barring the dirty bomb and other improperly obtained evidence from the criminal case has greatly complicated prosecution efforts to win a conviction and potentially put Padilla behind bars for the rest of his life .
But at the same time , defense lawyers are worried that their client 's pretrial notoriety as the Al Qaeda " Dirty Bomber " could make it impossible for Padilla to receive a fair trial .
US District Judge Marcia
Cooke is expected to press hard this week to try to find 12 jurors and six alternates who have never heard of Padilla , or who are able to put any knowledge of the dirty bomb allegations aside and base their deliberations solely on the evidence and testimony presented in the courtroom .
Conspiracy case with no specific plot
Unlike most terror - conspiracy cases , the case against Padilla and his two co-defendants does not focus on any particular plot or attack .
Instead , prosecutors say the defendants violated US law by participating in a North American support cell that sent money and recruits to a wide variety of radical Muslim groups overseas .
It is the overseas Muslim groups that engaged in violent jihad , or holy war .
Padilla 's part in the alleged conspiracy , prosecutors say , is that he became a willing recruit who traveled to the Middle East and Afghanistan , where he signed up for military training with Al Qaeda .
Padilla 's lawyers tell a different story .
They say their client is a Muslim convert from south Florida who traveled to the Mideast to further his study of Islam .
He has an Egyptian wife , whom he met while a student in Cairo , and two small children .
Another defendant – the alleged leader of the support cell – is Adham Amin Hassoun , a Palestinian who fled Lebanon as a refugee in the 1980s and settled in south Florida .
He has suggested in the past that he was targeted for investigation after the 9/11 attacks because of his outspoken political beliefs .
The third defendant , Kifah Wael Jayyousi , founded and ran several humanitarian organizations that allegedly contributed money to suspected terror groups .
He also produced " The Islam Report , " a publication that prosecutors say promoted violent jihad as a religious obligation .
The defendants deny that they supported violence .
They say that they were helping fellow Muslims in need .
According to the indictment , the North American support cell was active for about eight years from October 1993 to November 2001 .
During that period , $ 58,700 was allegedly sent overseas to various Muslims .
In its most active year – 1998 – the group transferred $ 19,800 to Egypt and Kosovo .
In November 2001 , three weeks after the 9/11 attacks , a $ 2,000 check was issued for " Afghan relief . "
Although the indictment tracks the movement of money , it does not identify how the money was spent .
Prosecutors say Mr. Hassoun and others used coded language to disguise their support for terror operations .
For example , some checks were designated to support " tourism , " another noted simply " for brothers . "
But other checks suggest there was no attempt to conceal the destination of the money .
Some checks were marked " Chechnya , " " Kosovo , " and " Somalia . "
One included the notation : " one for Bosnia one for Libya . "
Prosecutors say coded language was also used in thousands of conversations secretly monitored and recorded by US intelligence officials acting under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
In February 1998 , Hassoun was recorded discussing that $ 3,500 sent to Lebanon had been used to purchase " zucchini . "
One of the strongest pieces of evidence in the case against Padilla is a " Mujahideen Data Form " that Padilla allegedly filled out in July 2000 before attending an Al Qaeda training camp in Afghanistan .
Key document from unknown Afghan
Padilla 's lawyers are raising questions about the document .
They say it was delivered to the government by an anonymous Afghan citizen who drove up to a Central Intelligence Agency officer in December 2001 and handed him a number of documents that the Afghani said were recovered from an abandoned house once occupied by " Arabs . "
According to a forensic expert for the defense , the data form was filled out using two different kinds of ink that are typically not found outside North America .
The form was completed at different times with three different types of handwriting , according to the defense expert .
The suggestion is that someone else might have signed Padilla 's name or somehow tampered with the form to help shore up the government 's case .
Prosecutors dispute such allegations .
They say they will call the CIA officer to testify .
But they refuse to reveal his identity to defense lawyers .
And in a highly unusual request , they 've asked the judge to allow the CIA officer to don a " light disguise " while on the witness stand .
" This witness has been working for the CIA since 1991 .
The government has a duty to protect his identity , " Assistant US Attorney Stephanie Pell told Judge Cooke in a recent pretrial hearing .
Padilla 's lawyers disagreed .
" For us to do our job , we have to know who this person is .
We have to investigate , " said Assistant Federal Public Defender Orlando do Campo .
" We oppose the disguise .
It is silly and disrespectful of this court . "
A UCLA student has had the good fortune ( or the misfortune , depending on how you view it ) to acquire Paris Hilton 's old mobile phone number - and has accordingly received a flood of SMSes and calls directed at the highly - talented former jailbird .
San Francisco gal Shira Barlow got a new phone and number after dropping her old mobile down a toilet , Yahoo ! explains .
What she did n't know , though , was that she now had Ms Hilton 's recycled number , but was soon set straight when she was besieged by " wrong - number calls " and text messages " mostly between 2 and 4 am on weekends " .
The action hotted up as Hilton 's birthday on 17 February approached , with one caller demanding : " Oh my God .
Where 's the party ? "
A male admirer apparently " purred " in a foreign accent : " Baby girl , how are you ? "
The mood changed as Hilton 's spell in chokey began , when " messages about parties were replaced by dozens expressing condolences " .
Barlow explained : " People were scared for her . "
While traffic understandably dropped while Hilton languished in the slammer , her release provoked renewed activity .
One message improbably declared : " It 's disgusting how they treated you in there , but once again you have showed the world that you can do anything . "
Barlow said she had " resisted the temptation " to pose as Hilton to get into swanky jet - parties , indulge in drunk - driving , get jailed and appear in amateur grumble flicks , but says she 'll plans to " keep the number because ... it has been a greater source of amusement than a hassle " . ®
Scary landing of a Boeing 737 at London Heathrow without visibility .
Michael Girowal did not start his working life as an eco warrior .
Far from it .
He was in real estate , fielding calls from a constant cycle of tenants complaining that the products their cleaners had used left them with headaches , allergies or an increase in their asthma symptoms .
Girowal sensed a niche , and in June last year Green Clean Australia was born .
Not wanting to leave anything to chance , he developed a 24 - step cleaning program to ensure each job was done to his clients ' satisfaction .
Green Clean Australia 's two - person teams now travel to 10 workplaces and more than 100 homes across Sydney equipped with backpack vacuums containing HEPA filters , commercial - grade microfibre cloths and thorough training in how to get things clean - really clean - while minimising negative environmental effects .
" A conventional cleaning service would come in with a toilet cleaner , surface cleaner , window cleaner , glass cleaner , and so it continues , " Girowal says .
" All have some harmful ingredients .
We use only two products : a sanitising spray and a multipurpose cleaner .
The multipurpose cleaner is particularly green , containing no volatile organic compounds and no acids .
It 's a plant - based product that completely biodegrades within 21 days . "
Oh , IT 'S ON .
After months of eager anticipation , it looks like either Viodentia has finally come out of hiding , or s/he 's passed the torch on to another ( Doom9 forum user Divine Tao ? ) -- but either way it looks like MS DRM IBX components up to version 11.0.6000.6324 are good to go with the latest version of FairUse4WM , v1.3 Fix 2 ( read : this is the update we know you 've all been waiting for ) .
We have n't yet confirmed ourselves , but feel free to tell us whether you got a sweet taste of DRM freedom without having to continue using XP and Windows Media Player 10 with that subscription music service .
[ Thanks , Abdul and Adam ]
WASHINGTON , June 6 
It is no secret that campaign contributions sometimes lead to lucrative official favors .
Rarely , though , are the tradeoffs quite as obvious as in the twisted case of Coconut Road .
The road , a stretch of pavement near Fort Myers , Fla. , that touches five golf clubs on its way to the Gulf of Mexico , is the target of a $ 10 million earmark that appeared mysteriously in a 2006 transportation bill written by Representative Don Young , Republican of Alaska .
Mr. Young , who last year steered more than $ 200 million to a so - called bridge to nowhere reaching 80 people on Gravina Island , Alaska , has no constituents in Florida .
The Republican congressman whose district does include Coconut Road says he did not seek the money .
County authorities have twice voted not to use it , until Mr. Young and the district congressman wrote letters warning that a refusal could jeopardize future federal money for the county .
The show comes from Big Brother creators Endemol
Political parties have called for The Big Donor Show to be scrapped , but broadcaster BNN says it will highlight the country 's shortage of organ donors .
" It 's a crazy idea , " said Joop Atsma , of the ruling Christian Democrat Party .
" It ca n't be possible that , in the Netherlands , people vote about who 's getting a kidney , " he told the BBC .
The programme , from Big Brother creators Endemol , is due to be screened on Friday night .
' Totally unacceptable '
Specialists in kidney transplants have condemned the programme
Viewers will also be able to send in their advice by text message during the 80 - minute show .
The Dutch donor authority has condemned the show , as have kidney specialists in the UK .
" The scenario portrayed in this programme is ethically totally unacceptable , " said Professor John Feehally , who has just ended his term as president of the UK's Renal Association .
" The show will not further understanding of transplants , " he added .
" Instead it will cause confusion and anxiety . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
I thought organ recipients were chosen on who is the closest match , not who the donor likes the most
Steve Davies , Romford , UK
Send us your comments
" The set up of the programme bears no relationship to the way decisions are made about transplants in the real world , " he said .
" Living donors can choose altruistically to give one of their kidneys - usually to a family member .
" If organs become available after someone dies , health professionals with access to detailed information about those waiting for a transplant make objective decisions about who should receive those particular kidneys . "
' Shocking '
BNN chairman Laurens Drillich has defended the show
" The chance for a kidney for the contestants is 33 % , " said the station 's current chairman , Laurens Drillich .
" This is much higher than that for people on a waiting list . "
" We think that is disastrous , so we are acting in a shocking way to bring attention to this problem . "
" For years and years we have had problems in the Netherlands with organ donations and especially kidney donations , " agreed Alexander Pechtold of D - 66 , the Dutch social liberal party .
" You can have a discussion about if this is distasteful , but finally we have a public debate , " he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
TV critics in the UK have expressed horror at the programme , but said such a show would be unlikely in Britain .
" My first reaction , probably everyone 's reaction , is that this is as dangerously near as we 've got to a TV programme playing God , " said Julia Raeside of the Guardian newspaper .
" People may live or die on the result of a game show .
It 's a step too far .
" I do n't think this is anything to do with reality TV .
It 's just a crazy idea that would never play out over here . "
The outcry comes at a difficult time for production company Endemol , who were censured by Ofcom last week for their handling of the Celebrity Big Brother racism row .
The Australian version of Big Brother has also drawn criticism for not telling a contestant that her father had died .
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Dr. Ronald Dworkin tells the story of a woman who did n't like the way her husband was handling the family finances .
She wanted to start keeping the books herself but did n't want to insult her husband .
Antidepressants such as Paxil , Prozac and Lexapro are among America 's most - prescribed drugs .
The doctor suggested she try an antidepressant to make herself feel better .
She got the antidepressant , and she did feel better , said Dr. Dworkin , a Maryland anesthesiologist and senior fellow at Washington 's Hudson Institute , who told the story in his book " Artificial Unhappiness : The Dark Side of the New Happy Class . "
But in the meantime , Dworkin says , the woman 's husband led the family into financial ruin .
" Doctors are now medicating unhappiness , " said Dworkin .
" Too many people take drugs when they really need to be making changes in their lives . "
DEPRESSION SYMPTOMS
Could you be depressed ?
Not everyone who is depressed experiences every symptom .
Some people experience a few symptoms , some many .
Persistent sad , anxious , or " empty " mood
Feelings of hopelessness , pessimism
Feelings of guilt , worthlessness , helplessness
Loss of interest or pleasure in hobbies and activities that were once enjoyed , including sex
Decreased energy , fatigue , being " slowed down "
Difficulty concentrating , remembering , making decisions
Insomnia , early - morning awakening , or oversleeping
Appetite and / or weight loss or overeating and weight gain
Thoughts of death or suicide ; suicide attempts
Restlessness , irritability
Persistent physical symptoms that do not respond to treatment , such as headaches , digestive disorders , and chronic pain
Source : National Institute of Mental Health
For Dworkin , the proof is in the statistics .
According to a government study , antidepressants have become the most commonly prescribed drugs in the United States .
They 're prescribed more than drugs to treat high blood pressure , high cholesterol , asthma , or headaches .
CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen discusses the CDC study on antidepressants »
In its study , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention looked at 2.4 billion drugs prescribed in visits to doctors and hospitals in 2005 .
Of those , 118 million were for antidepressants .
High blood pressure drugs were the next most - common with 113 million prescriptions .
The use of antidepressants and other psychotropic drugs -- those that affect brain chemistry -- has skyrocketed over the last decade .
Adult use of antidepressants almost tripled between the periods 1988 - 1994 and 1999 - 2000 .
Between 1995 and 2002 , the most recent year for which statistics are available , the use of these drugs rose 48 percent , the CDC reported .
Many psychiatrists see this statistic as good news -- a sign that finally Americans feel comfortable asking for help with psychiatric problems .
" Depression is a major public health issue , " said Dr. Kelly Posner , an assistant professor at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City .
" The fact that people are getting the treatments they need is encouraging . "
She added that 25 percent of adults will have a major depressive episode sometime in their life , as will 8 percent of adolescents .
" Those are remarkably high numbers , " Posner said .
While Posner says genuine depression is driving the prescription numbers , Dr. Robert Goodman , an internist in New York City , says the real force behind skyrocketing antidepressant prescription rates is pharmaceutical marketing to doctors and to consumers .
" You put those two together and you get a lot of prescriptions for antidepressants , " he said .
He questions whether all those prescriptions are necessary .
" It 's hard to believe that number of people are depressed , or that antidepressants are the answer , " he said .
Goodman is the founder of a group called " No Free Lunch , " a group that encourages doctors to reject gifts from pharmaceutical companies .
He added that patients sometimes see ads for antidepressants on television and ask doctors for the drugs -- and that studies show these requests work .
In a study published two years ago in the Journal of the American Medical Association , actors pretending to be patients went to doctors in the San Francisco area and said they were depressed .
The " patients " who asked for an antidepressant were significantly more likely to get a prescription for one than patients who did n't ask for an antidepressant .
" Patients ' requests have a profound effect on physician prescribing in major depression and adjustment disorders , " concluded the study 's authors .
But Posner 's concern is about under - prescribing , not over - prescribing .
" Fifty percent of African - Americans who have depression do n't seek treatment for it , " she said .
" Not enough people are getting the treatment they need . "
E-mail to a friend
Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent for CNN Medical News .
Senior producer Jennifer Pifer and intern Rachel Zelkowitz contributed to this report .
All About Depression
Getting things done is n't easy .
In fact , it 's incredibly tough .
In this article , we look at four ways to get through your work faster : running your life online , mastering RSS news feeds , aggregating your social networks and using keyboard shortcuts to save precious seconds .
This information is compiled from previous Mashable articles : more related articles appear at the bottom of this post .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
When it comes to getting things done , the web can be a real distraction .
But thanks to the many new applications springing up online , it also provides invaluable ways to keep your life in order .
To start , we look at the web - based apps that can help you most .
Word Processing Services
Online word processing provides you with ways to manage and write documents without a download - great for collaboration or those using multiple computers .
Google Docs -
A way to create your documents and share them too .
Zoho Writer - Serious competition to Google Docs .
There are some options present that Google Docs lacks and of course vice - versa .
ThinkFree - Think Microsoft Office , except this is the online equivalent .
Buzzword -
A recently discovered service that is still in private beta .
It has many offerings and a slick interface to boot !
( Private Beta )
Web Portals
You have the potential to be productive the moment you turn on your computer and fire up that web browser .
You can have all the information you want and need accessible to you immediately by using one of the following services .
Netvibes - Generally considered to be the first successful , independent startpage .
Pageflakes - Pageflakes could be considered the brother - in - law to Netvibes and both have very similar offerings in customization and content .
i Google -
If you have a Google account , then the iGoogle comes part of the package deal , and since many of us have Google as our home page anyways , why not give iGoogle a trial ?
My Yahoo -
The offerings are somewhat more customizable than iGoogle , but essentially the same concept from a different provider .
Calendar Services
Let 's say you have your parent 's anniversary , project deadlines , and finally taking the family pet to the vet all coming up this week .
Having all these things on a calendar is undoubtedly the way to go for keeping track of these events .
Unless you prefer writing it on your hand ...
Google Calendar - I personally use Google Calendar on a daily basis .
It is just that freaking awesome !
Yahoo !
Calendar - Yahoo provides a pretty good , but basic , calendar application for organizing your life 30 Boxes - Has a lightning fast interface that is really easy to navigate makes this a good contender .
Kiko -
A very nice calendar application with a drag & drop interface .
Contact Management Services
Your cell phone and e-mail program are likely your primary sources for keeping information about your contacts .
This is fine .
You must ask yourself though , what happens if your cell phone is lost , your webmail account goes down or you lose all the data on your computer ?
You are pretty much screwed .
Time to rethink the way we do contact management .
Plaxo -
One of the best known services which allow you to keep track of contacts .
Other services that can tap into your Plaxo account and utilize your contacts with your permission .
Tabber - was created with the notion of linking together friends from many social sites and services , but it still serves very well as an address book and contact management application .
Highrise - A premium option to manage your business contacts .
If you are more serious about keeping your contacts and have hundreds of them , this could be a cost efficient solution depending on your needs .
HyperOffice - Another premium service that offers control of your contacts .
This is for more serious contact management .
Communication Services
Stickam -
If live video conversations are your thing , then Stickam provides you an excellent opportunity to mingle with friends , coworkers , or just random people if you so desire .
We would n't use it for business calls , though .
Google 411 - This service from Google is likely something you have never tried before , but once you do , you might use it for a long time coming .
A good 411 replacement .
( US Only ) Meebo -
If you prefer to communicate with friends and colleagues through IM , then Meebo is the site for you to do it all in one easy to use program .
Gmail -
The king of e-mail ?
We think so .
Much more efficient at handling large volumes of email than rival services .
Charting & Diagram Services
Ever heard of brainstorming ?
Of course you have !
Well , the following applications follow the same line of thought , but now you can throw your ideas in charts and diagrams often referred to as " mind maps " to plan any future project you may attempt .
I personally use these types of applications very often .
Flowchart.com -
The title says it all really .
Flowchart allows you to create charts and diagrams in a nice drag & drop interface .
( Private Beta ) MindMeister - Offering both a free and premium version , MindMeister focuses on collaboration in an easy to use " mind mapping " environment .
Mind42 - Yet another " mind mapping " web app that allows you to collaborate with others .
This one is completely free .
Gliffy -
Likely the most technical and detailed option on this list .
It has many more options available than the others .
Mapping Services
If you need to find out where you are going , and how to get there , these tools can help prevent ( or at least reduce ) the amount of times you get lost on those long road trips .
Google Maps -
Recently has taken over as one of the best mapping tools out there .
Not only does it have streets , but you can get an insane amount of data displayed on Google Maps through other services like StreetAdvisor .
Yahoo Maps -
Google has obviously driven
Yahoo to improve its mapping services , and it shows here .
Mapquest - A very reliable source for getting you from point A to point B .
File Storage Services
Box.net -
A very nice solution to uploading and backing up your files , as well as sharing them .
You can sign up for free and get a gig of space , or you can have additional storage with the premium options .
MediaMax - Another powerful and useful service to regularly back - up all your important data .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
RSS , or Really Simple Syndication , saves you time when consuming news and information .
Instead of visiting hundreds of news sites and blogs , just subscribe and receive all your updates in a single news reader .
If you need an RSS reader , choose one from the list ; and if you 're a little more tech - savvy , check out the browser plugins and management tools that can make your RSS consumption even more efficient .
RSS readers - Windows
Omea - one of the most fully featured RSS readers out there ; can get a little slow as its database grows ; free in its basic version , also has a commercial , advanced version with more features Mozilla Thunderbird - Mozilla 's e-mail and RSS reader , supports skins and add - ons Awasu - RSS reader with a customizable user interface , the ability to synchronize with other readers , bookmarking and annotation , and republishing of your feeds GreatNews - integrates with Bloglines , and offers a very fast way to browse through your feeds RSS Bandit - RSS reader that offers organization of your feeds through folders , as well as synchronization across several installations IntraVNews - an RSS reader that integrates with Microsoft 's Outlook .
SharpReader - requires .NET framework , lets you organize feeds into folders , integrates with Feedster , can display new items via system tray popups eCruiser - an RSS reader in Japanese Juice - a pretty basic RSS reader Opera - Opera web browser comes with a fully featured RSS reader FeedDemon - Newsgator 's feed reader offering a high degree of customization , newspaper - style feed reading , synchronization with other Newsgator products , and feed search Snarfer - a free RSS reader , with key features being river of news style view , embedded video display , synchronization with Bloglines , powerful search and filtering Active RSS Reader - simple RSS reader with a very small hard disk and memory footprint Feed Amasser - a very lightweight , freeware RSS reader FeedExpress - a freeware , open source RSS reader ; quite basic , but with some nice features , for example CSS customization Crackfeed - a tiny systray based application that notifies you with RSS news as they come Happy Fish - RSS reader and podcast client , requires .
NET 2.0 Attensa for Outlook - RSS reader that fully integrates with Outlook , support OPML import / export , scheduling , republishing , and advanced feed organization Briz RSS Reader - a very simple RSS reader Particls - desktop RSS notifier and ticker with lots of options , also has a Firefox plugin Anothr - RSS reader / bot for Skype / Gtalk / MSN
RSS readers - OS X
Newsfire - RSS reader for OS X NetNewsWire - Newsgator 's RSS reader for the Mac comes in two flavors : commercial and free PixelNews - a commercial Mac OS X RSS reader that comes with a huge database of feeds Shrook - a Mac RSS reader which also has a web based version ; supports synchronization , instant notifications via Growl , real time search , smart grouping and more Vienna - a freeware , open source RSS / Atom newsreader , with a built - in tabbed browser and the ability to customize feed display NewsLife - RSS reader for the Mac , pleasing to the eye , simple and easy to use Squeet - another Mac RSS reader , currently on hiatus
RSS readers - Linux
Liferea - RSS reader for Gnome users Akregator - RSS reader for KDE Straw - RSS reader for Gnome , supports RSS and ATOM , as well as exporting / importing OPML feeds Snownews - text based RSS reader for all you 1337 people AgileRSS - desktop aggregator that is able to display any RSS , ATOM , and XML news feed ; also offers an RSS news ticker
RSS Readers - cross-platform
RSSOwl - works on Mac OS X , Windows and Linux .
Offers , among other features , a multi-pane , highly customizable interface , OPML and blogroll import , internal browser , and a search engine .
BottomFeeder Rich - featured multiplatform RSS reader ( works on Linux as well as Windows and OS X ) , supports CSS customization , OPML import / export , and plugins .
BlogBridge - open source RSS aggregator that allows you to create dynamic feed reading lists
RSS readers - web based
Google Reader –
In addition to tracking your feeds , Google ’s popular RSS reader allows you to star items ( like in Gmail ) , view trends in your feeds and reading habits , and recently added an option to read feeds offline .
iGoogle – Formerly known as Google Personalized Home , iGoogle allows you to include RSS feeds as part of your custom start page .
Netvibes -
This personal homepage provider includes hundreds of “ modules ” you can add to your page from Hotmail to your Flickr photos , but also lets you create your own modules by simply entering an RSS feed URL .
Pageflakes – Another personalized homepage provider , Pageflakes functions similar to Netvibes , letting you select from pre-made modules or create your own by adding an RSS feed .
My Yahoo ! –
Still the most widely used custom homepage on the Web , My Yahoo now allows you to add RSS feeds alongside your weather , stock quotes , and news .
Similar to Netvibes and Pageflakes , My Yahoo allows you to re-arrange your feeds with drag and drop features .
My Netscape – Netscape ’s personal homepage service also includes the ability to add RSS feeds as content modules .
An account also lets you participate in their Digg - like homepage voting .
Daily Rotation – A no-frills personalized homepage aimed targeted at techies , Daily Rotation includes recommended feeds from hundreds of tech sites , and also lets you add in additional feeds of your own choosing .
Rojo – A part of Six Apart , Rojo is a web - based reader that combines RSS aggregation with a community of sorts , showing what people are reading on their homepage .
Bloglines –
One of the early online RSS readers , Bloglines “ split screen ” interface makes it easy to view the full content of any of your feeds .
The service is part of the IAC family of sites .
Newsgator – NewsGator ’s RSS reader allows you to organize your feeds in Windows - style folders that can be expanded and collapsed .
MySindicaat - an advanced online RSS reader with a tree - like feed layout , available in several different flavors , including a mini ticker and a mobile RSS viewer .
It also has RSS mixing capabilities .
Fwicki - web based RSS reader that lets you create custom river - of - news style feeds .
NewsAlloy - a fast and full - featured web based RSS reader .
Also has a mobile version .
Feeds 2.0 - a personalized RSS aggregator , that learns from your reading habits and displays relevant feeds
Mobile RSS Readers
NewsGator Go ! – NewsGator ’s mobile version syncs with user ’s online accounts , allowing you to read their feeds on the go for $ 29.95 .
LiteFeeds –
Once downloaded to your phone , LiteFeeds allows you to browse your feeds , email articles to friends , or bookmark them to your del.icio.us account .
Egress –
This program for Windows Mobile sports a clean UI and also supports podcasts .
Egress is available for $ 12.95 .
Mobispine – Mobispine is a free Java application for reading your feeds on your mobile .
The service also includes a web component where users can add feeds to the Mobispine database , see related feeds , and leave comments .
Quick News – Designed for Palm OS , Quick News lets you download feeds either via a HotSync or a direct internet connection for later use , which enables offline ( or out of coverage ) reading .
Bloglines Mobile –
The popular web - based reader also offers a browser - based mobile version to access your feeds without downloading anything .
FeederReader – This application is designed for phones running Windows Mobile , and bills itself as being especially well suited for developers , allowing you to view the RAW XML files for and its XML elements and attributes .
FreeRange – This Java application will work on Palm OS , Windows Mobile , and Blackberry .
The site has optional Google Reader integration .
Google Reader Mobile –
If you use Google Reader , you can access a version designed for mobile phones .
ZapTXT for mobile - mobile version of the ZapTXT widget .
RSS to email converters
Feedblitz - one of the most popular RSS to e-mail converters .
Supported by FeedBurner .
Also has a Firefox plugin .
ZapTXT - monitors feeds for certain terms and sends you notifications via e-mail .
Also has a mobile version .
R|Mail - offers simple subscription to any RSS feed , as well as an R|mail subscription widget which you can use on your site
RSS Feed Validators
Feed Validator –
By entering your feed URL at Feed Validator , the service will literally translate your RSS to code and identify any potential problems .
It works with versions of RSS up to 2.0 .
RSS 1.0 Validator – This validator for RSS 1.0 generates an HTML page identifying any errors .
Redland RSS 1.0 Validator & Viewer –
This validator offers a variety of display options for checking your feeds .
RSS - related plugins - Firefox
Sage - RSS reader for Firefox , has a decent amount of options , allows CSS customization Wizz - a very advanced RSS reader for Firefox with a huge set of options RSS Ticker - an RSS ticker for Firefox with a large number of options Beatnik - simple RSS reader for Firefox BlogRovr - a Firefox plugin that brings you related news based on your feed choices and the website you 're currently visiting NewsFox - fully featured RSS reader for Firefox , with three panes ; similar to Thunderbird InfoRSS - another RSS ticker for Firefox with a very comprehensive set of options Feedbar - Feedbar displays new live bookmarks items directly in your Firefox sidebar
RSS - related plugins - Wordpress
Feedlist - a wordpress plugin that displays linked lists imported from an RSS or ATOM feed Feedsmith - redirects all RSS feeds on a Wordpress blog to the Feedburner feed .
Fedafi RSS plugin - a plugin for Wordpress that creates a full text valid RSS 2.0 feed from your Wordpress blog and adds a style sheet , tracks subscribers and clicks on articles .
BDP RSS aggregator - converts RSS feeds to Wordpress blog entries .
Handy for creating an automatic blog .
Sig2 Feed - Wordpress plugin that lets you add a signature to your RSS feeds
RSS - related plugins - other
Good News Trillian RSS plugin - allows you to read RSS feeds in Trillian RSSNews - RSS reader for IM client Miranda RSS Feed Scanner - Azureus plugin that allows for automated downloads by means of advanced feed filter configurability RSS Popper - RSS plugin for Outlook and Outlook Express RSS Reader for Gaim - enables you to read RSS feeds in Pidgin ( formerly Gaim )
RSS managers
Feedburner - the obvious one .
Recently acquired by Google , FeedBurner has become the de facto standard for RSS feed management , offering a huge set of features , including detailed analytics , chicklets , feed optimization and ad insertion .
WebPasties - a set of RSS - related tools , including some feed management features FeedPass - creates a nice landing page for your feeds
RSS mixers
Yahoo !
Pipes - an advanced RSS mixer with a graphical user interface ; supports simple operators , filters , and many advanced functions Feedbite - a combination of an online RSS reader and an RSS mixer , with the possibility to vote for RSS " bundles " Feedblendr - a very simple RSS mixer that does n't require registration Blogsieve - full featured RSS mixer that lets you blend up to 5 feeds and do some advanced filtering on the results Feedcombine - RSS mixer that lets you blend feeds from a list of predefined sources Feedshake - RSS mixing and some basic filtering xFruits - a set of very neat tools for RSS blending , filtering and conversion , including an RSS to PDF tool BlastFeed - an RSS mixer that lets you combine and filter feeds and get them delivered via e-mail , IM or RSS FeedRinse - an advanced RSS filter that enables you to get rid of the " spam " in your RSS feeds FeedDigest - RSS mixer that lets you mix and sort feeds and then republish them on a website Popfly - Microsoft 's very promising RSS mixer , currently in closed beta Google Mashup Editor ( GME ) - Google 's set of developer tools for creating mashups RSSMesh - a PHP script that lets you blend several feeds into one Afeeda - RSS mixer which lets you blend all your favorite feeds into one
RSS Ping Tools
Pingoat – On Pingoat , you enter your blog URL and select the services you would like to ping .
Doing so will make sure that the selected sites crawl and index your site .
The site has nearly 50 different services you can ping .
Ping - o- matic – Enter your blog or feed URL and select from a variety of blog search engines and Ping - o - matic will send them a ping .
The site has about 20 services to choose from .
Blog Flux –
In addition to a variety of other tools for bloggers , Blog Flux offers Pinger , which includes more than 30 sites you can automatically ping , including several language specific indexes .
ping service –
This site is mostly in Dutch and automatically pings a few of the larger services such as Technorati and Weblogs.com
Feed directories
Syndic8 - one of the biggest RSS feed directories ; integrates with several services on this list Technorati - indexes blogs based on tags and authority , as measured by incoming links .
Feedster - organizes feeds into content channels such as technology and celebrity gossip .
Blogstreet - places feeds into different directory categories and also has a Digg - like homepage powered by user rankings .
Weblogs.com - one of the original feed directories , Weblogs.com simply shows the most recent blog updates automatically as they happen .
Icerocket - a blog search engine that also keeps track of blog statistics with their Blog Tracker product .
blo.gs - a simple listing of recently updated blogs in the spirit of Weblogs.com .
blogdigger - blog search engine , also has a Local feature for finding bloggers in your area .
2rss.com - a categorized blog directory and search engine with about 10,000 feeds indexed .
WeBlogALot - a blog directory that also pulls in breaking news feeds from mainstream sources .
RSS tips & hacks
Steve Rubel 's collection of RSS hacks
Another set of RSS - related hacks from Steve Rubel Web Worker Daily 's tips on RSS reading 5 RSS tips by LifeDev Steve Rubel 's 35 ways to use RSS feeds RSS tools for Firefox - a detailed roundup of RSS - related add - ons for Firefox here on Mashable Mister Tipster - a hardware USB mini display aimed specifically at displaying RSS feeds Some RSS tips from Wired Read RSS on your AppleTV
Miscellaneous RSS - related tools
SearchFeedr - RSS feed search , supports Yahoo ! , Google , MSN Live and Altavista FeedCycle - bundles feeds into " episodes " and delivers them on a scheduled / daily basis FeedCrier - brings RSS feeds to your instant messenger Clicky 's RSS feed - Clicky is a web analytics tool which can deliver analytics results via an RSS feed RSS Panel X - a Greasemonkey script that displays RSS , Atom , hAtom and OPML directly from originating website FeedForAll - create and edit RSS feeds and podcasts Radio UserLand - a combination of a publishing platform and a news aggregator Custom Reader - a white label RSS reader solution , ready to be branded to your liking Chaos Wallpaper - RSS reader and wallpaper changer in one FireAnt - RSS reader focused on podcasts , vidcasts , and media NewsAloud - converts RSS feeds to voice RSS2PDF - converts RSS feeds to PDF format Dapper - creates an RSS feed from any website Feedity - another RSS generator that can generate an RSS feed from any website RSSMicro - an RSS search engine ; searches over 65 million feeds
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
OK , so social networking is n't often productive , unless you 're rubbing virtual shoulders with a potential employer .
But if you must use all these sites ( and most people do ) , how about saving time by aggregating all your profiles and updates in one place ?
These services do just that .
Profilactic
Profilactic has very recently been upgraded to version 2 , which brought a decent amount of new features - a new look , support for Pownce , LinkedIn , Shelfari , and the ability to add more than one account for the same site .
At its core , Profilactic still does the same two things : it displays your personal lifestream , which consists of your social networking activity , and a group lifestream from your friends .
What it does , it does well ; however , we 'd still like to see more options to interact with the items in your streams .
There 's also the option to create clippings - bits and pieces of information from the web ; but this option is not really connected to the rest of the features on the site .
Minggl
Minggl is a browser toolbar that works with Firefox , IE and Flock and promises to " put you in control of your social web universe " .
Unfortunately , you 'll have a hard time testing this claim unless you have an invitation code , since Minggl is currently in invitation - only phase .
The idea behind Minggl is to " attach " social networking profiles to Minggl and then control them all from one place .
You can see an overview of the main features in this video tutorial .
i Stalkr
Another application that 's based on the concept of group lifestreaming , iStalkr perhaps chooses the most logical route of all the applications on this list .
It enables you to follow your own and your friends ' social networking activities on a timeline , and to act on it directly from iStalkr 's interface .
Working with iStalkr , we 've noticed that the updates are n't coming that fast ; but we 're not sure if this is due to the limitations of various APIs involved or iStalkr itself .
Correlate.us
Correlate.us does n't really give you the ability to do much with your social networks , it merely gives you a nice overview of your activities on them .
While the application is quite simple , it 's done well , and we think that it could be a good basis for a bigger project .
Explode.us
Instead of aggregating social networking information , Explode .us lets you search all the social networks with one form .
For each found user you can see tags , friends , comments , as well as the latest content this user posted .
Explode.us supports , among others , LiveJournal , Flickr , Twitter , Jaiku and 43 Things .
Spokeo
Spokeo is a social network tracker which enables you to track what your friends are doing on various social networks from Spokeo 's interface .
It aims to be the simplest of the aggregators , offering a kind of " RSS reader for social networks " .
Our longer review of the newly launched Spokeo is here .
Profilefly
Create a profile with your personal information , clippings from the web and your personal social networking lifestream .
Profilefly works as a widget or as a Facebook application , and it supports a huge number of social networks , including MySpace , Digg , Hi5 , Facebook , Last .
FM , Second Life and many others .
The actual profile is a bit bland , with the lifestream - which should be the center of such an application - offering very limited options ; for example , time stamps and any kind of interactivity is lacking .
PeopleAggregator
PeopleAggregator aims to become a social identity hub .
It works through a desktop software application which currently runs only on Linux , and although we applaud its reliance on OpenID and open standards in general , the decision to start a service that aims to connect social networking users and their profiles , on a Linux platform , seems like a suicide .
The official FAQ which is at the moment a bunch of spam links does n't help .
Look at the presentation of the service in HTML form here .
SocialURL
SocialURL helps you organize your online identity and get back in touch with all of your friends and classmates .
It 's a unified profile with support for photo galleries and videos , as well as a central portal with links pointing out to all your other social network profiles .
It 's all spiced up with lots of additional features , like on - site email , reminders and bookmarks .
Socialstream
We 've already said quite a lot about Social Stream considering that it's not even in beta stage yet - all that 's available at this point is a vidcast presentation of what Social Stream can do .
However , the huge amount of attention that Social Stream got is a clear indicator that some pieces of the puzzle are still missing in the social network aggregator space .
Tabber
Tabber is a personal profile page , which displays some information about you together with your latest activity on Digg , del.icio.us , your blog , Twitter , or any RSS feed .
It 's very similar in concept to ProfileFly , and just like it , it lacks any possibility to interact with your lifestream .
Naymz
Naymz is another personal profile site , which goes a step further than services like Tabber or ProfileFly by giving you the possibility to actively monitor certain sites for mention of your name .
Naymz also actively promotes your profile by trying to make it more visible on Google .
8hands
In contrast to the majority of the other services described here , 8hands is a desktop application which currently works on Windows XP and Vista .
It allows you to access your profiles on social networks ( currently supported are Facebook , MySpace , Flickr , YouTube , Twitter and many more ) from a single IM - like interface .
The idea is to have an overview of what 's happening on your social networks , and send instant messages to other users .
8 hands software is currently in alpha ( I guess we 're lucky alpha is the first letter of Greek alphabet , otherwise we'd have even more unstable software dubbed with a name that signifies even earlier stages of development ) , so expect some instability .
Second Brain
Second Brain takes a radically different approach to aggregation than other apps on this list .
You organize your data - this includes data from your social network profiles , like Flickr photos or YouTube videos - into collections .
A collection is basically a bunch of links , photos , or other bits and pieces of data thrown onto a dashboard ; you can create your own collections or explore what others have collected .
While the concept seems powerful , I 've found myself trying to find something to do with it all .
In any case , Second Brain is currently in invite - only beta stage and there will probably be some changes in the service until it goes public .
UpScoop
UpScoop lets you upload the contacts from your address book ( Gmail , Yahoo ! , Hotmail and AOL are supported ) and it lets you discover which of your friends are active on social networks like Hi5 , MySpace and others .
Unfortunately , at the time of this writing UpScoop did n't work with my perfectly valid Gmail address , so I could n't properly test it out .
Hopefully , it 's just a temporary glitch .
ProfileOMat
ProfileOMat advertises itself as the last profile we 'll ever need - if only things were that simple !
ProfileOMat does n't really aggregate your social networking profiles ; it merely creates a profile from which you can reach all of your other profiles on social network .
It does have a couple of nifty features , for example , you can set up your geographical location with the help of Google Maps .
MyLifeBrand
MyLifeBrand tries to go a step further by really integrating various social network sites within a MyLifeBrand frame .
While this approach brings a far more streamlined experience , it 's unlikely that social network users will want to open their favorite website within some other website ; also , there 's always the possibility of unexpected errors with this approach .
At this time MyLifeBrand is in invite - only beta , so if you do n't have an invitation code , you wo n't be able to try it out .
ProfileLinker
Amongst the rounded corners and reflections that have become the usual visual identity for Web 2.0 ProfileLinker stands out by looking very Web 1.0 - ish .
After registration , you can add your various social network profiles and your contacts , and all this activity will be shown on your ProfileLinker profile .
The look and feel of the interface leaves a lot to be desired ; for one thing , I 'd like to be able to remove random information about ProfileLinker 's history that shows up on my profile ; in general , the options for personalization are quite limited .
Snag
Snag takes a no - nonsense approach : no registration required ; just enter some of your social network credentials ( Facebook , MySpace , Hi5 , Friendster and Linked In are supported ) and you get a group lifestream of your activity on these networks .
The application needs much polishing , though ; for example , entering the wrong credentials wo n't result in an error ; instead , your lifestream will consist of login errors retrieved from that particular network .
At this point , Snag looks more like proof - of - concept than a full - fledged app .
Socialnetwork.in
Besides aggregating your social network profiles , Socialnetwork .
in spices things up with ratings .
Perhaps I 'm just unlucky , but testing the service resulted in numerous errors which pretty much prevented me to do any serious analysis .
To see some basic features check out the screencast here .
MyMashable
OK , a free bonus for the 21st : Mashable also aggregates your social networking links in one place , with video , photo sharing , Flickr import and other features .
It 's worth disclosing at least .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
OK , Speedy Gonzales , it 's time to half your email response time and double your productivity with these keyboard shortcuts for popular services .
Cast aside your mouse : this is much quicker .
c - compose a new mail / - puts your cursor in the search box k - move to newer conversation j - Move to older conversation n - next message p - previous message o or Enter - open a conversation u - return to conversation list y - archive a conversation m - mute ( archive and make all future messages from this conversation skip the inbox ) x - select conversation s - star a message or conversation !
- report spam r - reply to a mail a - reply to all recepients f - forward message Esc - escape from input field ctrl+s - save draft
key combos
tab then Enter - send message y then o - archive your conversation and move to the next one .
g then a - go to all mail g then s - go to starred conversations g then c - go to contacts list .
g then d - go to drafts g then i - go to inbox
Official list of Gmail shortcuts
j/k - selects the next / previous item in the list space / shift - space - moves the page down / up n/p - in list view , selects the next item without opening it o - in list view , expands or collapses the selected item enter - in list view , expands or collapses the selected item s - stars the selected item shift -s - shares the selected item m - switches the read state of the selected item t - opens the tagging field for the selected item v - opens the original source for this article in a new window shift - a - marks all items in the current view as read 1 - displays the subscription as expanded items 2 - displays the subscription as a list of headlines r - refreshes the unread counts in the navigation shift - n/ p - selects the next / previous subscription or folder in the navigation shift-x - expand or collapse a folder selected in the navigation shift - o - opens the item currently selected in the navigation gh - goes to the Google Reader homepage ga - goes to the " All items " view gs - goes to the " Starred items " view gt - allows you to navigate to a tag by entering the tag name gu - allows you to navigate to a subscription by entering the subscription name u - hides and shows the list of subscriptions ?
- displays a quick guide to all of Reader 's shortcuts
Official list of Google Reader shortcuts
calendar view
c - Allows you to create a new event .
+ c allows you to create an event in a new window .
/ - Places your cursor in the search box p - Moves your calendar view to the previous date range n - Moves your calendar view to the next date range t - Moves you to the current day d - Displays your calendar in the " Day " view x - Displays your calendar in a customized view w - Displays your calendar in the " Week " view m - Displays your calendar in the " Month " view a - Displays your calendar in the " Agenda " view q - Opens " Quick Add " Esc - Brings you back to the default calendar view
event view
Enter - Expands a collapsed region Tab - Moves your cursor to the next field
Alt then s - Saves the event Esc - Brings you back to the default calendar view
Official list of Google Calendar shortcuts
arrow keys - pan the map in various directions page up , page down , home and end - pan out even wider +/- - zoom in / out
Official list of Google Maps shortcuts
space bar - play / pause right / left arrow skip - jump back 5 % up / down arrow - increase / decrease the volume 5 % m - mute f - toggle full screen Esc - return from full screen to normal mode
Official list of Google Video shortcuts
Ctrl +B - bold Ctrl+C - copy Ctrl + I - italicize Ctrl+P - print Ctrl+S - save Ctrl+U - underline Ctrl+V - paste Ctrl+X - cut Ctrl+Y - redo Ctrl+Z - undo Shift + Tab - move to previous cell / row Tab - move to next cell / row
The above are only the shortcuts which work in both docs and spreadsheets .
For a full list of all keyboard shortcuts in these two apps , see below .
Official list of Google Docs & Spreadsheets shortcuts
main panel
h - show help arrow keys - navigate through modules e - edit module d - delete module p - publish module Enter - perform action on module ( depending on the module , it can be open feed , start typing , etc ) Esc - removes focus from current module a - add content to your Netvibes page j and k - navigate through tabs
tabs shortcuts
t then o - opens tab options t then 1,2,3,4 - sets the number of columns to 1,2,3 or 4 in the current tab t then r - rename tab t then d - delete tab
content panel
h - show help a - add new feed b - go to Netvibes ecosystem t - close the content panel
feed reader
h - show help n - next item p - previous items a - mark all as read u - mark all as unread Esc - close feed reader
Official list of Netvibes shortcuts
+ - add a new section ( talk pages only ) .
- opens your user page if logged in = - protect / unprotect the current page ( sysops only ) c - shows the content page associated with the current article d - delete / undelete the current page ( sysops only ) e - edit this page / show source of current page f - search Wikipedia h - current page 's history j - shows all of the pages that link to the current one k - shows recent changes in pages linked to the current one l - opens your watchlist ( logged - in users only ) m - move the current page and its talk page ( non - move - protected pages only ) n - opens your user 's or IP 's talk page p - shows a preview of your changes ( on edit pages ) q - shows a list of all special pages r - shows a list of recent changes to the Wikipedia s - saves the changes that you have made ( on edit pages ) t - opens the current article 's talk page u - allows you to upload images or media files v - shows what changes you made to the text ( on edit pages ) w - adds the current page to your watchlist ( logged - in users only ) x - loads a random article y - opens a list of your user 's or IP 's contributions z - goes to the Main Page
Official list of Wikipedia shortcuts
( these shortcuts work when editing posts )
control + b - Bold control + i - Italic control + l - Blockquote ( when in HTML - mode only ) control + z - Undo control + y - Redo control + shift + a - Link control + shift + p - Preview control + d - Save as Draft control + p - Publish Post control + s - Autosave and keep editing control + g - Hindi transliteration
Official list of Blogger shortcuts
t - Add a new item to the current list c - Complete the selected task / s p - Postpone the selected task / s by one day if they have a due date d - Change the due date of the selected task f - Change the repeat of the selected task g - Change the time estimate of the selected task s - Change the tags for the selected task u - Change the URL for the selected task l - Change the location for the selected task y -
Add a note to the selected task r - Rename the selected item z - Undo the last action 1 - Set the priority of the selected task / s to 1 2 - Set the priority of the selected task / s to 2 3 - Set the priority of the selected task / s to 3 4 - Set the selected task / s to have no priority Del - Delete the currently selected task (s ) a - Select all items in the current list n - Select none of the items in the current list k -
When on a list , move the cursor up j -
When on a list , move the cursor down i -
When on a list , select an item h - Switch between tabs ( e.g. Task and Notes ) m - Toggle multi - edit mode on or off ( default is off ) Tab -
Save input and move to the next input field Esc - Remove the cursor from the current input field
Ctrl +
Shift + / -
Moves the cursor to the search box Ctrl +
Shift +
6 - Switch to the Overview screen Ctrl +
Shift + 7 - Switch to the Tasks screen Ctrl +
Shift + 8 - Switch to the Locations screen Ctrl +
Shift + 9 - Switch to the Contacts screen Ctrl +
Shift +
0 - Switch to the Settings screen Ctrl +
Shift +
Right - Switch between tabs ( e.g. move to the next list ) Ctrl +
Shift +
Left - Switch between tabs ( e.g. move to the previous list ) Ctrl +
Shift + l - Skip to Login screen ( from homepage )
Arrow Keys - pan / move around the map Page Up , Page Dn , Home , End - Pan -
Move around the map , wider pan than arrow keys +/- - Zoom In / Out Ctrl +
Shift + l - Moves the cursor to the location ' go ' box
Official list of Remember the Milk shortcuts
Space - play / pause right arrow - skip song + - mark as " thumbs up " - - mark as " thumbs down " up arrow - increase volume down arrow - decrease volume Shift + up arrow - max volume Shift + down arrow - mute
Official list of Pandora shortcuts
m - check mail Shift+ m - check all mail Ctrl+\ - close current tab n - new message Shift+n - new message in its own window r - reply Shift+r - reply in a new window a - reply all Shift+a - reply all in a new window f - forward message Shift+ f - forward in a new window k - mark as read Shift+ k - mark as unread l - flag Shift+l - clear flag del - delete item p/ Ctrl+p - print Ctrl+s - save draft Ctrl + Enter - send message v - turn reading pane on / off Ctrl + [ - navigate through tabs Ctrl+ ] - navigate through tabs Enter - open message in its own tab ( when message is selected ) Enter - edit contact info ( when contact is selected ) Ctrl+f - find a word or phrase in message F11 - expand window to max height Ctrl+. - next message ( in message tab ) Ctrl+ , - previous message ( in message tab ) Ctrl + Alt +
Shift +up arrow / down arrow - next / previous message Ctrl + Shift + End - skip to oldest unread message d - move message to folder Esc - close read - message tab Ctrl + Shift +
End - start a new chat
Official list of Yahoo !
Mail shortcuts
All letters uppercase - effectively , it means you have to press Alt + Shift+key
Alt +P - publish Alt +B - bold Alt + I - italic Alt+Q - Blockquote Alt +T - more ( Read More tag ) Alt+U - ul ( Unordered list ) Alt+O - ol ( Ordered list ) Alt +L - li ( list item ) Alt + A - link Alt+C - code Alt+S - ins Alt +D - del
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
That wraps up this guide : now quit reading and go get things done !
Oh , and about you being a demon in the sack : that was just a catchy headline to get you to read this article .
Now do you see how easily distracted you are ? ;)
Microsoft has been granted an interactive TV patent that pauses the show while the viewer follows an embedded hyperlink , such as a URL .
And so ends a 12 - year battle .
Incredibly , Microsoft originally filed for the patent in March 1993 , and the language reflects its age : " The Internet has recently exploded in popularity , " we learn , and that , " a computer user with a modem can get on - line . "
In its current form , this archaic patent appears not be of immediate use to Microsoft .
Patent # 6,973,669 describes an invention which uses the vertical blanking interval ( VBI ) of analog broadcasts , a technology for which Intel once had high hopes .
Intercasting delivered data at around 10 k bit /s . As modern digital TV streams at 19 M bit /s per channel , there 's little shortage of bandwidth .
But read on , and it's apparent that it's the " pause " that Microsoft seeks to exploit .
Describing how a broadcast could add features to a sports game broadcast , the applicant writes :
" Hyper- links to Internet sport pages or chat rooms can be included and the information displayed in a split screen along with the game , or the viewing of the game can be paused at the viewer 's discretion for any length of time .
Even with these arbitrary pauses the present invention (s ) permits the viewer to watch the entire game , no matter when and how many viewing pauses are taken . "
In another possible embodiment , Microsoft suggests learning videos with embedded URLs .
The patent covers 35 claims in all .
Last year Bill Gates predicted that the revenue model for traditional broadcast TV would wither , and offered broadcasters his own , predictably attention - deficient vision of the future : a split screen with one side containing nothing but Google - style text advertisements .
Despite scepticism over its response times , and suggestions that its offering is six times more expensive than its rivals , Microsoft has snagged BT , SBC and Swisscom as customers for its interactive TV offering .
( See MS 's IPTV strategy in tatters for details and MS IPTV is lovely , says MS IPTV chap for a robust defense . )
Thanks to TheoDP for the tip - and have a gander at it here . ®
