Torrentz.com is the largest BitTorrent search engine that does n't actually host any torrent files .
This means that its millions of users still depend on third party sites in order to download . torrent files .
That said , all that changes if they have the Firefox web browser installed along with the new Magnetiser add - on .
Most popular BitTorrent clients including uTorrent and Vuze support magnet links , although only a handful of people are actually using them .
With magnet links BitTorrent can fire up a download without even having to download a . torrent file .
The link uses the torrent hash and DHT to download content and allows for additional trackers to be added .
Thus far , most BitTorrent users have ignored this alternative download method , but thanks to the Magnetiser Firefox add - on , this might change .
The idea behind the add - on is simple .
It allows users of meta - search engines , such as Torrentz.com , to download a torrent ’s magnet link without having to go to an external site where the torrent is hosted .
“ I ’ve recently written an add - on for Firefox that generates magnet links for torrent pseudo - indexers that do n’t host torrents but does list them by their hashes .
So far it supports Torrentz and isoHunt , but the code is simple and could be extended to any searchable indexer that shows the info hash either in the URL , or on the torrent page , ” the coder of the add - on told TorrentFreak .
Once the add - on is installed , users can click the ‘ magnetise ’ link at the bottom right of their Firefox window when they are on a torrent detail page on Torrentz .
This will launch a new window that will prompt you to pick the torrent client of your choice .
We have to say that this usage of magnet links is a great idea , and it works like a charm .
Not only does it save time , it also comes in handy when a torrent is no longer available on the external site .
The only downside is that the title of the download as it appears in your client will not be very descriptive .
The add - on is not available on Firefox ’s add - on section just yet , but those who want to try it can download this xpi file and drag it into the Firefox browser window .
After it ’s installed users can add additional trackers , but since it includes the most - used trackers by default , this is not really needed .
Molesto por el descuento que le hicieron para ayuda humanitaria , el legislador y conductor de radio , Ariel G�mez Le�n El Chunko dijo que ' como se parecen tanto , hab �a que marcarlos con tinta indeleble para que no se les repita la ayuda '
RACISMO
El perredista critic� que la C�mara no les informara del descuento para la ayuda humanitaria al pa�s de Las Antillas .
( Foto : Archivo ELUNIVERSAL )
TUXTLA GUTI�RREZ | Viernes 29 de enero de 2010
�scar Guti�rrez / corresponsal | El Universal
00:15
It is complete !
And only took a week !
It would 've taken much shorter but I have summer classes I gotta go to .
Special thanks goes out tofor being really patient with all my crafts questions .
And also tofor all the reference pictures and tips ( though I never did get to actually talk to him haha ) Comparison of Ubersaw 1.0 and 2.0 : ashweez.deviantart.com/art/Ube…
Please excuse that awful picture of me on the bottom .
Just took it with photo booth to show how big the ubersaw is compared to me hahaP.S Hi Reddit !
Today , November 27th , marks the beginning of 2009's Eid al - Adha , the Muslim " Festival of Sacrifice " , commemorating the willingness of Ibrahim ( Abraham ) to sacrifice his son to God .
Muslims around the world will celebrate by slaughtering animals to commemorate God 's gift of a ram to substitute for Abraham 's son , distributing the meat amongst family , friends and the poor .
Eid al - Adha also takes place immediately after the Hajj , a pilgrimage to Mecca that is a pillar of Islamic Faith .
Some 2.5 million Muslim faithful from all over the world descended on Mecca this year , many encountering an unusual occurance : heavy flooding due to recent torrential rains .
Collected below are photographs from this year 's Hajj and observance of Eid al - Adha .
( 38 photos total
Posted on November 11th , 2009
Today ’s post is part 2 of Beeriety contributor Sarah ’s look at beer and health .
Thanks Sarah !
The health benefits of beer ( when consumed in moderation , of course ) are almost in - numerable .
A beer can help with everything from settling an upset stomach to improving heart health to increasing blood iron levels .
It can strengthen bones , improve skin , and defend against memory loss .
And as for those beer bellies , it does n’t cause them .
What beer does do , as more and more evidence is suggesting , is just about everything that red wine does – maybe more !
The specific benefits of beer come from three main areas :
Alcohol :
We ’ve been hearing for years now that regular consumption of small amounts of alcohol is good for you .
A drink a day can help increase blood flow , which is both relaxing and good for the heart , reducing the likelihood of stroke or heart attack .
A lesser known benefit to drinking is its ability to fight osteoporosis .
Because alcohol helps the body absorb calcium more efficiently it can help maintain healthy , strong bones .
Low to moderate alcohol consumption has been loosely linked to fighting diseases and conditions like dementia , type 2 diabetes , hearing loss , rheumatoid arthritis , and ulcers .
Those who drink a little live longer ( and healthier ) than those who drink too much or not at all .
And a standard 12 oz bottle of beer ( typically ) has the same amount of alcohol that a standard 5 oz pour of red wine would have .
B -Vitamins :
The grains and yeasts used to make beer are rich in powerful B- vitamins , which help the body maintain healthy metabolism , immune function , and red blood cell counts .
And like alcohol , they ’ve also been linked to improved blood pressure and healthy heart function .
Most notably , the concentrations of B6 , B12 , and folic acid found in beer help prevent the build - up of homocysteine , an amino acid linked to both cardiovascular problems and bone - deficiency , making beer valuable to heart , bone and skin health .
Hops : Hops , as we ’ve learned before , are a flowering plant used to balance the flavor of beer and help keep unwanted bacteria from affecting the desired reactions of the yeast .
However , before it was used in beer , hops were used to treat everything from indigestion to leprosy .
Today hops ( when not in beer ) are most frequently used as an herbal supplement to treat insomnia and mild anxiety .
These anti-oxidant - rich plants contain a powerful compound called xanthohumol , a prenylflavonoid which may fight conditions like cancer and Alzheimer ’s .
While most beers only contain trace amounts of this compound ( the hoppy - er varieties will obviously have more ) , hops have many other health benefits : they can reduce blood triglyceride levels ; they can help sooth upset stomachs and aid in digestion ; and they can help reduce the calcium build - up that leads to kidney stones .
In addition , hops are a powerful phytoestrogen , potentially aiding in the fight against heart disease , certain cancers , and osteoporosis .
So , the next time someone tells you to put down the pint glass and pick up a wine glass , do n’t be afraid to proudly defend your drink of choice !
Google launched a DNS service today , almost exactly four years after I started OpenDNS .
This comes as no surprise as it was only a matter of time before one of the Internet giants realized the strategic importance of DNS .
I ’ve received a lot of questions from bloggers , journalists , friends and most importantly , our users .
And so I want to share my thoughts on what this means for the recursive DNS space and what it means for OpenDNS .
First , it ’s not the same as OpenDNS .
When you use Google DNS , you are getting the experience they prescribe .
When you use OpenDNS , you get the Dashboard controls to manage your experience the way you want for you , your family or your organization .
People use OpenDNS because we are pioneers and innovators in the DNS space , offering the most secure recursive DNS service around .
We run the largest DNS caches , the fastest resolvers , and we offer the most flexibility in controlling your DNS experience .
For example , IT folks want to block malware in the DNS , parents sometimes want to block certain content from kids .
All of that and more is possible with our DNS .
It is not with Google DNS .
Of course , we do n’t force those things , we offer them as controls that you manage the way you see fit .
Providing people with choice is core to our offerings .
Second , it means that Google realizes that DNS is a critical piece of our Internet ’s infrastructure and that it ’s of strategic importance to help people safely and reliably navigate the Internet .
This is something we ’ve championed since day one and will always keep as our primary mission .
This is why big enterprise customers are switching to OpenDNS too , not because it ’s free but because it ’s the best and we add value to DNS and improve the security of their networks .
Third , Google claims that this service is better because it has no ads or redirection .
But you have to remember they are also the largest advertising and redirection company on the Internet .
To think that Google ’s DNS service is for the benefit of the Internet would be naive .
They know there is value in controlling more of your Internet experience and I would expect them to explore that fully .
And of course , we always have protected user privacy and have never sold our DNS data .
Here ’s a link to our privacy policy .
Fourth , it means that Google is bringing awareness to a wide audience that there is a choice when it comes to DNS and that users do n’t have to settle for what their ISP provides .
And we believe that having choice is a good thing — just as Internet users have unbundled their email to services like Gmail , Yahoo !
Mail and Hotmail people have been unbundling their DNS and switching to OpenDNS in huge numbers for the last 3 + years because we ’re better .
Fifth , it ’s not clear that Internet users really want Google to keep control over so much more of their Internet experience than they do already — from Chrome OS at the bottom of the stack to Google Search at the top , it is becoming an end - to - end infrastructure all run by Google , the largest advertising company in the world .
I prefer a heterogeneous Internet with lots of parties collaborating to make this thing work as opposed to an Internet run by one big company .
So how will this impact us ?
It ’s too early to tell , but largely I think this is a good thing for us .
Google DNS currently offers none of the choice and flexibility that our service does .
It ’s new and untested .
Having said that , it encourages us to keep making our service better .
And ultimately , we ’re a business that has been growing aggressively since we launched and has been competing in fair markets and winning .
It raises awareness about the importance of DNS and it motivates us to continue providing world - class services to a global audience and to keep innovating .
We will continue to do that without distraction from Google or any of the other players in the DNS or security space .
But we welcome Google to the neighborhood .
Israel ’s settlement freeze is supposed to clamp down on new housing starts in the West Bank , but it ’s also shielding illegally built outposts and settler houses from demolition .
The enforcement of an order to evacuate outposts – a step demanded by the US to help restart peace talks with the Palestinians – has been put off for years .
Palestinians and Israeli peace groups have been challenging the delay in Israel ’s Supreme Court , which requested from Israel a timetable for the demolitions .
The state replied last week that enforcing the 10 - month freeze on new settlement building in the West Bank would require so much manpower that it ca n’t dismantle unauthorized settler outposts right now .
“ The new situation requires postponement of other law enforcement activities , ” Israel ’s state attorney informed the court regarding a petition to implement evacuation orders against outposts with about 250 people .
“ The political echelon is conducting a review of the influence on the freeze on previous demolition orders . ”
Critics doubt sincerity of freeze
The statement is fueling concern that , despite public clashes with Jewish settlers over the partial freeze , the moratorium will prove to be little more than a public relations mirage .
“ The state does n’t really want to confront the settlers .
They are n’t serious about enforcing the law , ” says Hagit Ofran , who petitioned Israel ’s High Court against six unauthorized outposts on behalf of dovish group Peace Now .
“ You can get away with the illegal construction .
There ’s a lot of doubt about the sincerity of enforcing the freeze . ”
Netanyahu ’s government drew additional fire this week after designating settlements with some 100,000 residents as “ preferred ” regions for public assistance .
The move was dubbed by the Israeli daily newspaper Maariv as “ double - talk ” on settlement expansion .
That has n’t reassured settlers and their allies , some 15,000 of whom protested outside Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s Jerusalem residence on Wednesday night .
“ When Netanyahu is being pressured to freeze the settlements , he has to find a way to ease on the pressure , ” says Gideon Doron , a political science professor at Tel Aviv University .
“ For the survival of the Likud as a party , he comes and says , that , ‘ While I give you a slap in the face , I ’m also giving you some sweets . ’ "
Israel counters criticism
Government spokesperson Mark Regev said the government is serious about the freeze and that the settlements tapped for assistance would get subsidies for only social welfare rather than new construction .
But critics of Israel ’s settlement policy point out that if the government does n’t take action against illegal building , the freeze will be rendered meaningless .
For years , government officials have spoken of the need to enforce the law in unauthorized outposts , but have never actually made good on the promise in some two dozen settlements where about 2,000 highly ideological settlers live .
Even though the state has cleared several uninhabited outposts , Mr. Regev conceded that , “ of course more remains to be done . ”
Just the latest excuse
A decision to act against the illegal outposts has potentially grave consequences .
It would likely spark worse clashes with settlers and would swiftly escalate political crisis with Netanyahu ’s right - wing supporters .
The state would also risk a crisis within the army from ideological soldiers who have threatened to refuse orders .
But Ofran says enough is enough .
“ They are putting on hold handling of illegal outposts until God knows , ” she says .
“ They have been making excuses every time .
Now the excuse is the freeze . ”
--
Who 's moving into the West Bank ?
Read more here .
After making a heart - felt plea for donations to make up for his megachurch ’s $ 900,000 shortfall at year ’s end , pastor Rick Warren ’s sheep — ahem , I mean flock — filled his coffers with over 2.4 million in contributions within 48 hours .
Warren had sent out the appeal via an online communication to Saddleback Church members Dec. 30 .
The money was needed , he said , to offset a deficit resulting from hard economic times .
Giving among church members had declined at a time of greater need for church ’s aid .
Now , the church will enter the year with an unanticipated surplus , officials said .
“ I was n’t surprised by this offering , as Saddleback is famous for radical generosity , ” Warren said during tonight ’s service .
…
Warren launched the appeal online with these words : “ This is an urgent letter , ” he wrote in all capital letters , “ unlike any I ’ve written in 30 years .
Please read all of it and get back to me in the next 48 hours . ”
Two weeks ago , Mark Zuckerberg , the founder of social networking site Facebook , told the world to just get over it - no one cares about privacy anymore , provoking a storm of protest across cyberspace .
On Thursday ( 28 January ) , the European Commission responded to the 24 - year - old billionaire and announced plans for comprehensive new laws that have in their sights the massively popular website .
The commission is concerned that its existing rules on data protection date back to 1995 , the very early days of what was at the time called the " information superhighway " and are extraordinarily out of date .
Brussels is not just worried that the internet has sped ahead of its regulatory grasp , but also that many technologies , in particular Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) , behavioural advertising and even airport security devices have proceeded apace , leaving EU legislation in the lurch .
The commission on Thursday , also the continent 's official Data Protection Day , " warned that data protection rules must be updated to keep abreast of technological change to ensure the right to privacy . "
Underscoring its new powers under the Lisbon Treaty and the legal basis given to the Charter of Fundamental Rights , the commission said it wants to create " a clear , modern set of rules " guaranteeing a high level of personal data protection and privacy .
Earlier legislation was also limited in that it was restricted to issues concerning the European Community - the so - called first pillar of the EU , but not foreign policy or policing and judicial affairs - the second and third pillars .
Mentioning Facebook , Myspace and Twitter by name , Ms Reding said she will start this year with a revision of the 1995 Data Protection Directive , in a speech that outlined the main principles and goals of her upcoming work as Europe 's top fundamental rights watchdog .
It is clear that privacy issues are at the forefront of her ambitions .
" Innovation is important in today 's society but should not go at the expense of people 's fundamental right to privacy , " she said .
" Whether we want it or not , almost every day we share personal data about ourselves .
These data are collected , processed and then stored out of our sight .
By booking a flight ticket , transferring money , applying for a job or just using the Internet we are exposing our private lives to others .
Sometimes it is necessary , " she continued .
" Data are being collected without our consent and often without our knowledge .
This is where European law comes in . "
She said that people should have the right " to say no ... whenever they want . "
The commissioner is frustrated that companies are tackling privacy issues - or , more commonly being forced to tackle privacy issues - only after a product or service has been developed .
" We need a change of approach : Businesses must use their power of innovation to improve the protection of privacy and personal data from the very beginning of the development cycle , " she said .
Ms Reding finished by saying that Europe must set the global agenda in terms of privacy protection .
The commissioner also warned that body scanners at airports have not escaped her gaze .
" I am convinced that body scanners have a considerable privacy - invasive potential .
Their usefulness is still to be proven .
Their impact on health has not yet been fully assessed .
Therefore I cannot imagine this privacy - intrusive technique being imposed on us without full consideration of its impact . "
The forceful speech comes just two weeks after Facebook 's CEO made his own speech at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , which has been widely interpreted as announcing " the end of privacy . "
" People have really gotten comfortable not only sharing more information and different kinds , but more openly and with more people .
That social norm is just something that 's evolved over time , " Mr Zuckerberg said in a speech on 11 January , referring to the company 's recent privacy policy change that made user 's main information accessible by default .
He described these changes as merely reflecting " current social norms " wherein young people have a much more relaxed attitude to privacy .
Across the Atlantic on Wednesday , Canada 's privacy commissioner also announced a fresh investigation of Facebook after receiving complaints about the company 's new privacy policy .
25 Essential Android Apps for College Students
Now that you have an Android , how will you use it to ace those college courses ?
The following list of twenty - five essential Android apps for college students might provide you with a few clues .
From study guides and study tools to a few socializing apps , you have a range of utilities to help you maneuver through classes and around campus .
The best part ?
These apps are free .
The following list is categorized , and each link is listed alphabetically to show that we do not favor one app over another .
Study Guides and Tools
3 banana : apture your thoughts , ideas and notes as well as photos and other information on the go , and your notes will always be with you and in sync .
As a bonus scroll down this linked page to take a look at AK Notepad .
AK Notepad makes it easy to jot down a thought on your Android phone , and offers a reminder feature that can be set with any note .
Both apps offered by Snaptic .
Android SMS Backup :
Why lose all your notes , photos and more ?
Simply use this app to back your SMS card up to your Gmail .
Easy as pi.
Astrid :
This is a to - do list and task tracking system that is simple and easy to use .
You can get a free online backup with Remember the Milk .
ColorDict Universal Dictionary :
This app is a compatible universal dictionary for Android .
Search words and idioms in many dictionaries at once , and you do n’t need an Internet connection to search .
Droid Scan :
You ’re at the library and you need to use the scanner …why wait in line when you have this app ?
This app turns your smart mobile device into a portable document scanner by using perspective correction to convert images captured with the built - in camera into high quality scans .
Gdocs :
This app allow you to connect to your Google Docs account for easy access on the Android or on any computer .
You have multiple accounts support , PDF viewer , automatic document syncing and more with this app .
GPA Calculator : Stay on top of your GPA for grants and scholarship applications with this Android App .
You can calculate , monitor , and manage your Grade Point Average .
New features may support Facebook and MySpace applications .
Knowledge :
This is a must - have app for any student .
Ask whatever you want to this knowledge engine and store the results for later use .
Topics include math , culture , sports , weather , physics , chemistry , weather , socioeconomic data , nutrition facts and much more .
MyPocketProf :
Be paper - free and organized with this app .
It allows you to copy and synchronize notes as well as organize and share those notes .
The program comes with live updates that alert you to when friends or classmates share new materials with you .
You also have the option of an “ Exam Learning Mode ” with courses .
Offiviewer :
No need to worry about opening documents with this app .
It opens PDF , Word ( doc , docx ) , Excel ( xls , xlsx ) , PowerPoint ( ppt , pps , pptx ) , OpenDocument and RTF .
It needs a good Internet connection to do server - based document rendering .
ShareYourBoard :
Go ahead and take whiteboard photos with your phone .
This app will take the shote , improve readability and extract all the information you choose .
You can save the processed whiteboard images and edit comment and share with your friends or keep it private .
StudyDroid :
This app is designed for use on the G1 , and is an open source flashcard application .
You create the flashcards online and then download them to your phone .
Voice Recorder :
Why take notes when you can record the lecture ?
Recordings are saved directly to the users MicroSD card which means you wo n’t bog down your systems internal memory , while still maintaining record times for hours on end if needed .
You also can preset a time to record option and search for your recordings by title or by date and time .
Wapedia :
This app supplies the fastest way to access the million of articles at Wikipedia and many other wikis on your Android .
It is ad - supported freeware , so be aware .
Specific Courses
Elements :
This app is a little periodic table with a more data per element than you probably need for chemistry and / or biology .
This is the free version .
The priced version , SciencePal ( $ 1 ) , includes more data .
GeoQuiz : Bone up on your geography , from capital cities and flags to natural extremes like the highest of the high and the coldest of the cold .
handyCalc :
Use this calculator for basic input and calculation and for advanced math calculations .
It is a powerful app – download it for free to see what we mean .
Mathdroid :
This app can turn your Android into a scientific calculator with full on - screen history and multi-line display .
Perfect for algebraic entries .
SkyScape Medical Resources : Medical students can snag three free resources for the Android here — RxDrugs , Outlines in Clinical Medicine ( ) CM ) and the Archimedes set of medical calculators .
The MedAlert service is also part of this installation , and you can easily add free MedStream channels ( such as MedWatch and CDC Spotlights ) .
StatDist :
This app calculates densities , probabilities , and quantiles of common useful continuous and discrete distributions .
Useful for statistics students and for quick calculations .
TOADCARD : This is a quick IT reference guide , developed by Monroe College information tech students for IT students .
Also includes searchable reference manuals for Windows , Mac , Linux and Cisco IOS commands .
Socialize
Editor 's note : Audrey Irvine is a senior assignment manager for CNN .
Her experiences in the dating world inspire her " Relationship Rant " column .
Check back every week for her take on dating and relationships .
( CNN ) --
In the age of the " cougar , " why is there not an equivalent term to describe men in their prime who date younger women ?
The term " cougar " has been used to describe older women who profess to dating and having a preference for younger men .
However , there has never been a defined term or movement for older men who have been dating younger women for years .
So this got me thinking , is the term " cougar " empowering or offensive ?
Recently , Carnival Cruise lines jumped on the " cougar " bandwagon by offering their first international single cougar cruise .
The cruise , organized by Singles Travel Company , set sail from California to Mexico for three nights was booked for 300 guests and even had a waiting list .
' Cougar cruise ' makes history
After all , cougars are everywhere you turn these days .
They 're on television .
One of ABC 's top prime - time hits is " Cougartown " with Courtney Cox -Arquette in the leading animalistic role .
The show attempts to focus on the comedy behind the cougar phenomenon , showing the sexual exploits of a 40 - something divorcee on her dating quest for younger men .
While earlier in the year , a lesser successful attempt by TV Land , the reality show ' The Cougar ' featuring a 40 - year - old mother of five choosing her mate from a bevy of younger men .
The show sought validity by having self proclaimed cougar Vivica A . Fox as host .
In the end , the show gave off a rather desperate vibe .
There are famous women who wear the cougar title with pride .
Halle Berry and Demi Moore are among a number of other actresses in long - term relationships with significantly younger men .
There is of course Madonna , always the pioneer , who led the " cougar " rage years before the phenomenon began .
Let 's not forget the most famous cougar Samantha from " Sex and the City " who proudly displayed her prowess for many seasons on cable , then again in the movie version .
I say all this to say that I do n't have an issue with an older woman dating a younger man .
As long as you have a relationship with two mature consenting adults who find love with one another , why would I take issue with that ?
My problem is with the term .
Older men have been dating younger women for years .
I 'm sure that every man in this situation would take issue with being called a " sugar daddy , " so I have an issue with " cougar . "
The term implies that the older women are predators while the unsuspecting younger man is the prey .
As a woman who has heard that I look younger than my license states , I have no problem with dating a younger man .
But I refuse to be associated with a term that makes my dating life sound like I 'm hunting , stalking and forcing my attentions upon some innocent , inexperienced young male .
I know there will be detractors who say I 'm being a prude and I should embrace my cougar status .
Oddly enough , there is a term that everyone is familiar with that already exists so there is no need to be labeled a cougar .
It describes being confident , self - assured at any age , empowered to make decisions without being influenced by what pop culture states is hot or not , is n't polarizing and addresses the concerns of my younger colleague .
That word is woman .
download full mix here
( 92 min | 105 mb )
Zona Tortona Mix Tracklist01 ) Mickey Factz - Automatic ft Curtis Santiago02 ) Soko - Love No ( The Teenagers cover ) 03 ) White Williams - Headlines04 ) MGMT - Kids05 ) Goldfrapp - Slide In ( DFA Remix ) 06 ) Hot Chip - A Boy From School07 ) New Order - Temptation08 ) Simian Mobile Disco -
It 's The Beat ( The Teenagers Remix ) 09 ) Basement Jaxx - Hush Boy ( Soulseekerz Mix ) 10 ) New Order - Blue Monday11 ) Estelle - American Boy ft Kanye West ( 7L intro ) 12 ) Mr. Scruff - Get A Move On13 ) Whirlpool Productions - From : Disco To Disco14 ) Thieves Like Us - Drugs In My Body15 ) The Ting Tings - Great DJ ( Calvin Harris Remix ) 16 ) Cut Copy - Hearts On Fire ( Joakim Remix ) 17 ) Holy Ghost ! - Hold On18 ) Junior Boys - In The Morning ( Hot Chip Remix ) 19 ) Hot Chip - Just Like We ( Breakdown ) ( DFA Remix ) 20 ) PM Dawn - Set Adrift ( Tittsworth Neutron Dance Remix ) 21 ) Minnie Ripperton - ( Matthew ! WOWOW !
E keeps kids dancing mix ) 22 ) Royksopp - Remind Me23 ) John Rocca - I Want To Be Real ( Farleys Hot House Piano Mix ) 24 ) The Rapture - Get Myself Into It ( Prince Language Disco Edit ) 25 ) Lindstrom & Prins Thomas - En Dag I Mai26 ) Mylo - Guilty Of Love ( Kid Porno Lo-Fi Remix ) 27 ) The Strokes - You Only Live Once28 ) Chromeo - Bonafied Lovin ( Eli Remix ft Pase Rock ) 29 ) Gary's Gang - Do It At The Disco30 ) Breakbot - Happy Rabbit
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2007 March 6
Explanation :
This image of Saturn could not have been taken from Earth .
No Earth based picture could possibly view the night side of Saturn and the corresponding shadow cast across Saturn 's rings .
Since Earth is much closer to the Sun than Saturn , only the day side of the planet is visible from the Earth .
In fact , this image mosaic was taken in January by the robotic Cassini spacecraft now orbiting Saturn .
The beautiful rings of Saturn are seen in full expanse , while cloud details are visible near the night - day terminator divide .
The show is starting .
Let 's see what Lesnar has to say for himself .
They just showed Brock and Dana White sitting in the studio , looking like they 've got some things to say .
Brock 's telling his story .
Initially diagnosed with mononucleosis .
He 's bashing Canadian health care .
He was stricken with a 104 degree fever in Canada .
Then came back to the States where they found a hole in his stomach .
They gave him an option to heal on his own or get a colostomy bag .
He went 11 days without food or water -- being fed intravenously .
Then he healed -- when doctors went back in , they could n't find a hole in his stomach at all .
Lesnar claims " there is literally no sign of anything even existing in there . "
Meaning presumably that he 's 100 % healed .
We still do n't know if the emails were leaked or hacked - I 've emailed Norfolk Constabulary to see if they have managed to get to the bottom of what exactly it is they are investigating .
Given that they are treating this as a serious incident with specialists brought in to assist them , one would think that after two months they would have at least ascertained what it is they are investigating .
However , there is some new evidence , of sorts .
A couple of commenters have noted interesting opinions on the issue .
In the last twenty four hours , both Phil Willis , the chairman of the House of Commons Science and Technology Committee and Mike Hulme , professor of environmental sciences at the University of East Anglia , have referred to " leaked emails " .
It 's not proof , but these two men are in a better position than most of us to know which it is .
There are several things that I find unique about the Sink Plate Washbasin Unit and some that I find pretty disturbing .
For instance , I simply love the waterfall style faucet that is elegantly fitted onto the top panel .
From a distance the entire unit looks to be stylish and exudes glam .
But ….
Unfortunately I do see one major flaw : the sink plate is a steel grid , and if you accidentally drop your ring into the basin , it will easily slip through the grid .
Retrieval of jewelry or other foreign objects could be a problem .
Worse scenario would be objects lodging themselves in the grid .
Oh , And I would never place a soap bar just like that …. always with the soap dish !
What do you think , with a bit of modifications , will this live up to its glam style ?
Designer : Maria Ovchinnikova
The official World of Warcraft magazine asks some interesting questions .
Can you make print work without ads ?
How much do people want to read about their favorite MMO ?
Future Publishing sent us the first issue of the quarterly publication , and one thing is immediately obvious : the company is doing many things right .
Go to your local newsstand and take a look at the state of magazines right now .
Cheaper paper , fewer pages , even smaller pages in the case of magazines like Rolling Stone .
World of Warcraft goes in the opposite direction .
By making money on subscription costs and selling directly to subscribers , only issues that will be read are printed , and each of the 144 pages is content .
The cover is heavy , glossy , and the art is beautiful .
This is something you want to pick up and read ; it 's nice to have a print magazine in your hand that does n't feel immediately disposable .
The content is varied , and the lack of ads allows for a lot of editorial .
An interview with Blizzard 's president and CEO Mike Morhaime , an article about line of sight management for arena players , advice on loot sharing and inscriptions , a look back at features that seem mandatory now but were added to the game after launch ... the list goes on .
If you 're not a big World of Warcraft fan it may seem like overload at first , but this is one of the few games that can survive a deep dive every three months and provide enough interesting content for an entire issue of a magazine .
The problem is that so much of the experience of the magazine is tactile , and without seeing and feeling it at the newsstand you have to take it as a matter of faith before buying a subscription .
But we do n't take it lightly when we say this feels just as good , if not better , than old - school Next Generation .
Take a look at our interview with some of the minds behind the magazine and , if you 're skeptical , talk a friend into subscribing so you can take a look .
In the US , one year ( four issues ) is $ 40 , or you can sign up for two years for $ 70 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A meteor briefly illuminated parts of the sky in Utah to daylight - level on Wednesday .
Footage from outside security cameras at the University of Utah's Milford observatory shows a blinding flash of light , followed by clear images of the object streaking away .
This footage shows the bright light from the meteor from different camera angles .
There is no law to prevent private sales without a license , police issue “ direction ” on orders of Feds
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Monday , Jan 18 , 2010
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is actively issuing directions banning private sales of guns without licenses at gun shows in Texas , despite there being no law to justify such demands .
A caller to the Alex Jones show brought attention to BATF notices handed out at the entrance of the Texas Gun And Knife Show , on North Lamaar , in Austin this past weekend .
The flyers ( pictured below ) state that anyone selling a firearm “ will be asked to comply with ” conditions including operating through a licensed FFL dealer .
The notice also states that “ Selling firearms in the parking lot will not be permitted . ”
“ The lady at the front desk used her ‘ mommy voice ’ to get everyone ’s attention . ”
Scott from Austin told The Alex Jones show , noting that the owners of the private building where the gun show was held were contacted by the APD and the BATF and directed to hand out the notices .
Scott also told listeners that a petition in protest of the directions was being handed around at the show .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Other attendees posted the flyer on web forums .
One poster noted :
“ Here is a public notice from a gun show in Austin , Texas this weekend .
Do any fellow Texans know of any law changes that took effect recently that make person - to - person gun sales illegal ?
Has anyone else seen similar notices ? ”
“ It was not handed out in the parking lot , it was posted at the entrance of the venue . ”
The forum user writes .
“ I spoke with the man who runs the gun show and he said he was told on Thursday to post this ( the gun show was Saturday and Sunday ) .
Of course , the owner of the venue has the right to prohibit almost anything he wants on his property , but that ’s not what this notice says .
It says ‘at the direction of the Austin Police Department and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms ’ and that ’s what bothers me . ”
The direction “ asks ” visitors to comply with its demands precisely because there is no law or regulation against private gun sales .
Infowars is in the process of arranging interviews with the Texas Gun Show operators for comments on this issue .
Watch Alex Jones cover this story on Yesterday ’s show ( begins 7 mins in ) :
This article was posted : Monday , January 18 , 2010 at 10:56 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Updated : Police raid premises connected to alleged bomber
The FBI probed Saturday an attempt to blow up a US airliner landing in Detroit as British police raided premises linked to the Nigerian suspect and airport security was stepped up worldwide .
Questions mounted over how the suspect , identified in the US as Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab , managed to sneak an incendiary device past airport security in Lagos and Amsterdam .
Dutch authorities said he was carrying a valid US visa .
ADVERTISEMENT
Abdulmutallab confessed once in custody that he had mixed a syringe full of chemicals with powder taped to his leg to try and blow up the Airbus A330 from Amsterdam , according to senior officials quoted by US media .
The Christmas Day attack , which sparked alarm and fear among the 278 passengers aboard the Northwest Airlines flight , had echoes of British - born Richard Reid ’s botched “ shoe - bomb ” attempt almost eight years ago to the day .
Police in London investigated reports the latest would - be bomber was the same man University College London ( UCL ) had listed as Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , a student there between 2005 and 2008 .
They searched a number of addresses in the capital , including an upscale mansion flat near Oxford Circus where the suspect is believed to have lived while studying mechanical engineering .
Related article : Airports step up security
ADVERTISEMENT
Meanwhile , Nigerian newspaper
This Day reported that Abdulmutallab ’s wealthy businessman father , Umaru Mutallab , had grown so distraught over his son ’s religious extremism that he contacted US authorities about it in mid-2009 .
Back in the United States , the FBI refused to give out hard information about its investigation , but reports said the remains of the device used in the attack had been sent to a lab in Quantico , Virginia for analysis .
US media reported that Abdulmutallab was being treated at the University of Michigan Medical Center for third - degree burns to his legs .
A spokeswoman for the center in Ann Arbor , a city near Detroit , told AFP a man had been admitted .
ADVERTISEMENT
Witnesses described Friday ’s dramatic events when a passenger tackled the suspect , who was then dragged to the front of the plane by the cabin crew and isolated as the aircraft prepared to land in Detroit .
The hero appeared to be Japser Schuringa who told CNN how he had jumped over the passenger next to him and lunged onto Abdulmutallab ’s seat as the suspect held a burning object between his legs .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I pulled the object from him and tried to extinguish the fire with my hands and threw it away , ” said Schuringa , adding that he stripped off Abdulmutallab ’s clothes to check for explosives before a crew member helped handcuff him .
“ My hands are pretty burned .
I am fine , ” said Schuringa , a Dutch video producer and director from Amsterdam , according to the New York Daily News .
“ I am shaken up .
I am happy to be here . ”
Once in custody , the suspect claimed he was following orders from Al - Qaeda and had acquired his incendiary device in Yemen , reports said , but experts urged caution and suggested he could still have been acting alone .
ADVERTISEMENT
White House officials and US lawmakers called the incident a terror attack and President Barack Obama , vacationing in Hawaii with his family , ordered security measures to be stepped up at airports .
Observers were baffled that a man reportedly listed for some time in a US intelligence database had managed to board a plane with an incendiary device .
Dutch anti-terrorism officials stressed that proper procedures had been followed on their end before US authorities cleared the flight for departure .
“ The man arrived from Lagos at Amsterdam - Schiphol and took a connecting flight to Detroit , ” a statement from the office of the Netherlands anti-terrorism coordinator ( NCTB ) said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Initial inquiries indicate that before the departure of the flight for the United States , Northwest Airlines communicated the list of passengers in line with standard procedures to the American authorities with their personal data , including those of the suspect . ”
The attack , eight years after “ shoe - bomber ” Reid tried something similar on a flight from Paris to Miami , served as a grim reminder to Americans of the specter of airborne terror .
Related article : Nigeria orders probe
It was also Christmas week in 2001 , when the country was still reeling from the September 11 attacks , that Reid tried to blow up a trans -Atlantic jet by lighting explosives in his shoes .
He is serving a life sentence in a US prison .
As checks were tightened at major airports , including in Paris , Rome and London , US officials said there were no immediate plans to elevate the nation ’s aviation threat level from orange to red , its most severe status .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was snipped by Crooks and Liars on Dec. 26 , 2009 .
In a sad but unsurprising denouement this week , the Supreme Court tossed out a federal appellate court ruling that would have required the government to release photographs of soldiers abusing prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan during the Bush administration .
The vacated ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , in New York , was based on sound precedent and principles of government openness and accountability .
With help from Congress , President Obama managed to void those principles and poke a large retroactive hole in the Freedom of Information Act .
Mr. Obama had originally supported the release of the photographs .
Then , in May , he flip - flopped and decided to resist court orders to make them public .
He then threw his weight behind a bill giving Defense Secretary Robert Gates the authority to withhold pictures relating to “ the treatment of individuals engaged , captured , or detained after Sept. 11 , 2001 , ” by American troops .
The law was passed in October .
Mr. Gates exercised the power in November .
And the justices cited the law in sending the case back to the appellate court , which must now rethink its ruling .
Two of the world 's largest chemical societies today pledged to work cooperatively to contribute to global efforts aimed at developing sustainable energy , providing abundant food and clean water , and seeking to address other global challenges that threaten the sustainability of our planet .
The American Chemical Society ( ACS ) and the Royal Society of Chemistry ( RSC ) agreed to mutually use their resources to contribute to global efforts that seek out solutions for many of the emerging problems caused by unprecedented worldwide population growth and shrinking availability of the resources needed to sustain life as we know it .
" Today is a defining milestone in the history of our organizations , " said Madeleine Jacobs , ACS Executive Director & CEO .
" I 'm convinced that both the members of the RSC and the ACS are uniquely positioned to contribute their knowledge , expertise and enthusiasm to solving these challenges .
It is increasingly obvious to all of us that science is a global endeavor .
It is , therefore , imperative that we transcend our local boundaries and collaborate more efficiently to maximize the limited resources at our disposal . "
As part of the signed agreement , each Society will utilize its considerable scientific expertise — both as an organization as well as that of its diverse , active and talented members — to address some of the world 's most challenging issues .
They will also promote joint scientific seminars in the United States and United Kingdom , featuring key scientists and policymakers .
In addition , RSC and ACS will work together to develop a " primer " to help the general public better understand the basic chemistry underlying the global challenges confronting us and their possible solutions .
The two organizations will also collaborate to train chemists to speak compellingly and convincingly , in non-technical terms , about our sustainability challenges .
" We take this remarkable step in the shared belief that ensuring sustainability is a critical challenge for the long - term survival and prosperity of Earth and its peoples , " said Judith L. Benham , Chair of the ACS Board of the Directors .
" We 're motivated by the conviction that chemistry must play a significant role in providing worldwide solutions to these challenges . "
This new collaborative alliance with the RSC is one of many international partnerships ACS has initiated in recent years with scientific organizations in Brazil , Japan , France and other countries worldwide .
" Many of the challenges that we face can not be solved by a single organization or by a single country , " said RSC Chief Executive Richard Pike .
" But , in fact , they demand the international collaboration that we 're striving for and is recognized in this ( new agreement ) . "
RSC President C. David Garner concurred , noting that this agreement should be viewed as a starting point for other possible collaborations .
" We plan that this will be a hub to which other chemical societies worldwide will be linked , " Garner said .
About The American Chemical Society
The American Chemical Society is a nonprofit organization chartered by the U.S. Congress .
With more than 154,000 members , ACS is the world 's largest scientific society and a global leader in providing access to chemistry - related research through its multiple databases , peer - reviewed journals and scientific conferences .
Its main offices are in Washington , D.C. , and Columbus , Ohio .
SOURCE : The American Chemical Society
According to Newton ’s Law of universal gravitation , what goes up , must come down ….
but that ’s not always the case !
One of the great things about design is that we can use our imagination to break free from the norm by rewriting the laws of physics .
In this post , we invite you to look at our reality in a new light and expect the unexpected .
The ads in this post feature impossible compositions that cause the viewer to question the laws of the universe while bringing an extra dimension of wonder to our world .
We ’ve collected 30 examples of adverts that defy the law of gravity to varying degrees ….
enjoy !
Which one did you like best ?
Share your favorites below …
Eric Douglas did not indicate how he wanted the island 's money spent The Isle of Man 's capital has inherited £ 10,800 after it was left the money in the will of a man who died in Scotland .
Eric Gordon Douglas from Edinburgh bequeathed nearly £ 11,000 to the town , Douglas Council said .
It was initially thought that Mr Douglas had left the money to towns that bore his surname , but the Manx capital was the only one to benefit .
The council said it is now looking at a way of using the money to " create a lasting memory of Mr Douglas " .
' Generosity ' Councillor David Christian , leader of Douglas Borough Council , said : " Initially we were given to understand that Mr Douglas - who had no connection with the Borough of Douglas as far as we are aware - had left similar bequests to some 20 towns around the world that bore his surname .
" We have subsequently received clarification that this is not the case .
" The Borough of Douglas is the only " Douglas " among the 20 or more beneficiaries - which range from professional organisations to charities - of Mr Douglas 's will .
" We are pleased to set the record straight and to express our gratitude that the capital of the Isle of Man is to benefit from this gentleman 's generosity . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We cannot find the web page requested !
This website underwent a major update in August 2013 .
Therefore all the locations of web pages have changed !
So
Old links referenced in Search Engines
Other sites linking to the old website
Will no longer work !
Links for the main of areas of the website can be found below
If the above is not immeadiately helpful , go to the home page and use the Search facility on the right .
N.B. any links to web pages ending with the extension " .asp " , will no longer work
( although some have been automatically redirected to the correct page on the updated website )
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Photo : farukahmet via Creative CommonsLet ’s say you trundle a bunch of enormous industrial equipment into North America ’s oldest mountains ( an intact temperate ecosystem boasting rich biodiversity , including a number of endangered species ) , clear - cut the forests , blow millions of tons off the top of the mountains , dump the rubble into the pristine streams below , and carry out the coal you find on enormous trucks , at high speeds , on narrow roads , through some of America ’s oldest communities .
Think that would cause any ecological or human damage ?
Hmm …
It might seem obvious , but as the media will tell you , “ opinions on shape of earth differ , ” so it ’s helpful that a group of scientists has come along to assess the existing body of research on the subject .
And what does Science say ?
Yes , blowing up mountains causes environmental and health damage !
Who woulda thunk it ?
In fact , the evidence is so clear that the scientists have taken the extraordinary further step of calling for an immediate moratorium on mountaintop removal mining permits .
The information is contained in a new paper being published today in the journal Science : “ Mountaintop Mining Consequences . ”
From the press release :
Based on a comprehensive analysis of the latest scientific findings and new data , a group of the nation ’s leading environmental scientists are calling on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to stay all new mountaintop mining permits .
In the January 8 edition of the journal Science , they argue that peer - reviewed research unequivocally documents irreversible environmental impacts from this form of mining which also exposes local residents to a higher risk of serious health problems .
… Co-author Dr. Emily Bernhardt , of Duke University , explains that “ The chemicals released into streams from valley fills contain a variety of ions and trace metals which are toxic or debilitating for many organisms , which explains why biodiversity is reduced below valley fills . ”
The authors provide evidence that mine reclamation and mitigation practices have not prevented the contaminants from moving into downstream waters .
The authors also describe human health impacts associated with surface mining for coal in the Appalachian region , including elevated rates of mortality , lung cancer , and chronic heart , lung and kidney disease in coal producing communities .
“ Over the last 30 years , there has been a global increase in surface mining , and it is now the dominant driver of land - use change in the Central Appalachian region , ” says Dr. Keith Eshleman also of the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science .
“ We now know that surface mining has extraordinary consequences for both aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems .
Notwithstanding recent attempts to improve reclamation , the immense scale of mountaintop mining makes it unrealistic to think that true restoration or mitigation is possible with current techniques . ”
Ironically , this comes on the heels of the Obama administration ’s decision to approve a new MTR permit in West Virginia .
Perhaps the EPA does n’t believe that blowing up mountains harms mountains ?
UPDATE : I ’m listening to a conference call with some of the scientists who wrote the paper .
It ’s a real horror show .
The forests that get cleared store tons of carbon ; the vegetation it ’s replaced with does n’t .
So there ’s a climate change connection ( aside from the obvious coal connection ) .
Blowing all this stuff destroys the landscapes ability to absorb rainfall , which leads to increased flooding downstream .
And those effects are expected to persist for centuries .
The industry claims it ’s “ replacing ” headwater Appalachian streams , but you wo n’t be surprised to hear that hydrologists find that claim absurd .
The hydrology ends up different and the streams end up polluted with trace metals ( poisoning those downstream ) .
These trace metals are also associated with decline in invertebrate biodiversity .
Permits are considered individually , but multiple permits granted in the same watershed leads to additive effects that persist for decades after abandonment .
Concentrations of selenium in the water bioaccumulate in the food chain and effects are magnified .
The fish become poisonous .
And of course the human toll : poisoned water leads to more deformities in babies and worse academic outcomes .
Air quality is degraded , leading to respiratory diseases .
And on and on .
God this is depressing .
I wonder how Don Blankenship feels about it .
UPDATE 2 : Now in Q&A with the scientists .
One says , “ this is the most heavily peer - reviewed paper I ’ve ever published — one review was 18 pages long . ”
The scientists received no outside funding for this ; they donated their time .
One says the project was sparked by a request from NGOs .
They ’re calling for a moratorium on permits until there can be a “ rational hearing ” on the science .
Many of them were new to the issue when they started this ; all of them seem kind of shocked by how horrific it is and by how little attention it ’s gotten .
Asked about new permit just issued for Hobet 45 mine , Dr. Dennis Lemly says the water issue were n’t addressed .
“ This is just business as usual . ”
One problem with permits : they only address valley fill area .
But pollutants escape and many of their cumulative effects are felt downstream .
Asked : are there technological options available to deal with the water quality properly ?
Lemly : sure , it ’s just a matter of cost .
Dr. William Schlesinger adds : when you bury a stream , it ’s gone .
There ’s no replicating it .
Dr. Emily Bernhardt : part of impetus of the paper was to provide regulators with a comprehensive overview .
Met with a small group from U.S. EPA to present findings .
Bernhardt : all the data mining companies and the WV DEP collect information on surface water , but much of the pollution is found beneath the surface in water tables .
To me , the most amazing part of all this — and clearly the scientists are amazed as well — is the fact that there ’s never been a comprehensive assessment of MTR impacts before .
We ’re blowing up mountains and we have no idea what the consequences are !
The mind boggles .
It ’s like the whole country is just discovering Appalachia .
National healthcare legislation in Congress could slow the growth of medical costs , allowing employers to create 250,000 to 400,000 new jobs a year over the next decade , economists from Harvard University and USC are predicting .
Wading into the hotly debated issue of whether the legislation is a job creator or a job killer , researchers from the two universities say that the reforms under consideration would slow the rate of cost increases and free up money for companies to raise wages and hire more workers .
Specifically , healthcare savings could be achieved through proposals for greater competition in insurance markets , better coordination of care and shrinking administrative expenses , they said in a report to be released today .
With those changes , employers could then reallocate money now spent on ever - growing premiums to other business priorities .
“ We could achieve huge productivity gains , ” said Harvard economist David Cutler , one of the study ’s authors and a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank .
But conservative economists and many business leaders contend that the proposed legislation would drive up costs by imposing billions of dollars in new taxes and penalties , killing jobs and hurting the economy as the financial burden of healthcare shifts to employers and workers .
One analysis from the conservative Heritage Foundation determined that higher taxes levied on the wealthiest Americans -- a proposal in the healthcare bill approved by the House in November -- would eliminate more than 450,000 jobs over the next decade .
The foundation and other critics of the healthcare overhaul say such taxes would have a particularly harmful effect on small businesses , which operate on smaller margins but have historically played key roles in renewing economic growth after recessions .
“ If small businesses are not hiring , you ’ll have higher unemployment and slower wage growth , ” said Rea Hederman Jr. , a senior policy analyst at the foundation .
Several California employers said they found the Harvard - USC study hard to believe , given that the average employer has paid double - digit annual increases in insurance premiums for several years and experienced other escalating business costs .
Santa Monica attorney Jeffrey Lee Costell , for one , says he will probably hold off hiring additional clerical workers if provisions remain in the healthcare legislation that require companies like his -- those with payrolls exceeding $ 500,000 -- to pick up the bulk of insurance premiums or face penalties .
“ It ’s going to have a chilling effect , ” Costell said .
“ We ’re getting penalized because we are productive entrepreneurs . ”
Members of Congress are preparing to hash out a compromise between House and Senate healthcare bills .
The measures would , among other things , require most Americans to have health insurance , expand coverage for the poor and stop insurers from denying coverage for preexisting conditions .
The bills also would impose billions of dollars in new taxes on the insurance industry , with the Senate bill including the “ Cadillac tax ” on more expensive healthcare plans .
The Harvard - USC report could be a boost for President Obama , who has made the economic benefits of health reform a top selling point in his administration ’s efforts to forge public support for the overhaul .
The president ’s Council of Economic Advisors said healthcare reform would increase domestic growth , raising family incomes substantially and leading to significant new hiring .
The Harvard - USC economists concluded that industries with high rates of employer - sponsored insurance -- including manufacturing , utilities and financial services -- would see some of the largest employment gains .
“ If you have a strong bill that will promote control of healthcare costs , there will be an effect on the number of jobs , ” said Neeraj Sood , director of international programs at USC ’s Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics .
How to achieve the savings remains a matter of heated debate in Congress and other quarters .
Insurance industry executives maintain that reining in premiums without also addressing surging costs of hospitals and doctors will do little to stem medicine ’s drag on the economy .
“ Unless you have the entire system reduce costs , you wo n’t get premium relief , ” said Jay Gellert , chief executive of Woodland Hills - based Health Net Inc .
Relief can’t come soon enough for San Francisco business owner Scott Hauge , who has seen health premiums for his 30 - employee insurance brokerage rise 14 % annually over the last seven years .
Hauge , president of advocacy group Small Business California , said he did n’t expect much relief from Congress -- at best a slowdown in his costs , as the Harvard - USC economists predict .
He said he might use any savings to replace computers , to pay employee bonuses or perhaps to help pick up insurance costs .
He is closely watching the legislation in Congress but ca n’t get any firm sense of how the healthcare overhaul would affect his bottom line .
“ There are a whole lot of unknowns out there right now , ” he said .
duke.helfand@latimes.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A Russian spacecraft carrying an international crew has docked with the International Space Station , Russia 's mission control says .
Spokesman Valery Lyndin said the Soyuz TMA - 17 , launched from Kazakhstan on Monday , docked at 0148 Moscow time on Wednesday ( 2248 GMT on Tuesday ) .
American Timothy J Creamer , Soichi Noguchi of Japan and Russia 's Oleg Kotov were on board .
They join an American and a Russian currently on the station .
Jeff Williams and Maxim Surayev have been there since October .
Tetra is a robot mouse having four wheels and an innovative out - of - the - box design .
Recently it completed the “ World Class ” maze in 4.7 seconds beating the last year record of 6.4 seconds at 30th All Japan Micromouse Contest .
Unfortunately it could n’t win as it malfunctioned in the final stage due to some lighting conditions which affected its tracking , but we have a video of it breaking the record in trial run .
I really like the design of Tetra , it has a clear edge over the previous designs which did n’t look so well .
This micromouse looks slim , smart and efficient .
It has a whole strip pf of sensors at the front which help to track and maneuver .
The speed of the robot is also very fast indicating it ’s wheel , battery and sensing powers .
There are no less than 8 sensors at front that help in deciding the next move of the mouse .
All the body including processing circuitry , battery and wheels are at the back .
It may look simple at its face but trust me , I have worked on robots at college , and it ’s hell of a job .
It takes months and months to make a simple robot and this one is a piece of art .
We have some videos from 30th All Japan Micromouse contest held on November 2009 .
The first one shows the tetra mouse in action while second one is an expert ’s opinion .
Experts are curios about how it works especially at turns .
Everyone loved this robot at the contest .
Via Robot - Dreams | Last year
JERUSALEM  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel said Sunday that several Jewish settlement blocs in the West Bank would always remain part of Israel , a comment that upset the Palestinians even as the Obama administration ’s Middle East envoy was trying to coax them back into peace talks .
Although Israel has long insisted on maintaining a permanent hold over certain groups of settlements , including those Mr. Netanyahu referred to Sunday , his remarks struck a jarring note on a day when the American envoy , George J. Mitchell , shuttled between Israeli and Palestinian leaders on a so - far unsuccessful mission to restart negotiations that have been stalled for over a year .
Mr. Netanyahu took the opportunity of the approaching holiday of Tu Bishvat , a Jewish arbor day , to reaffirm Israel ’s claim to the Etzion bloc of settlements just south of Jerusalem .
“ Our message is clear , ” he said during a tree - planting ceremony there .
“ We are planting here , we will stay here , we will build here .
This place will be an inseparable part of the State of Israel for eternity . ”
You know how people used to think Albert Einstein was a crazy dude , but then long after he died we realized he was a genius ?
Well , maybe that 's what we have in Nick Diaz .
A man respected for his craft , yet someone who does n't seem to fully understand his surroundings .
A man , who despite possessing the ability to be great at what he does , consistently makes decisions that for all intents and purposes harm his very well being .
Sure , some of what he says and does makes very little to sense to us .
But is that because Mr. Diaz is well ahead of his time ?
Diaz tells Ariel Helwani that there are certain topics we should n't touch with him .
Like the word - excited .
" I do n't really use that word , " he said .
" I think I had this discussion earlier .
I have a lot of energy , so I feel good . "
And as to whether or not Nick has a dream fight , he had to think about for a minute , but then had a pretty sweet idea .
I think he means fighting both of them at once .
" Um ... no .
Actually , right now , I 'd like to fight both GSP and Anderson Silva because I think I could beat them , " declared the defiant welterweight .
" But they [ UFC ] wo n't ever let that happen . "
When asked about how he envisioned the fight with Zaromskis ending , Diaz seemed to surprise himself with his answer :
" I do n't . I do n't . "
Diaz also shared some interesting thoughts on how he thinks fights should be judged .
Imagine if NFL games were determined in this fashion .
I would argue that the New York Giants went undefeated every season of their existence .
" It 's about who would have won the fight had the fight kept going , " he reasons .
" Not who was winning , but who would have won . "
Despite owning a 6 - 4 record inside the Octagon , Diaz feels as though his record should read as 9 - 1 .
" I do n't feel like I won the fight against Diego Sanchez , " he concedes .
" But other than that , I did n't lose any other fights in the UFC . "
To fully appreciate what could be a defining moment of Nick Diaz 's legacy check out the full interview below .
First , Senator Joseph Lieberman  the former Democrat , current independent from Connecticut  rejected the so - called public health care option .
Then he threatened to torpedo the entire health care reform bill if it allowed people over 55 to buy Medicare plans .
The aim of that idea , like the public option , is to provide more choice for consumers and more competition for the private insurance industry .
And that industry , you will not be surprised to hear , has been very , very good to Mr. Lieberman .
What makes it all the more hypocritical is that Mr. Lieberman claims to want health care reform .
And way back in September , the senator was publicly championing a Medicare buy - in .
In an interview with The Connecticut Post , he said he had been refining his views on health care for many years and was “ very focused on a group post - 50 , or maybe more like post - 55 ” whose members should be able to buy Medicare if they lacked insurance .
The Internet is a different game altogether .
Here , readers have limited attention span and patience as they are always in a hurry .
Additionally , owing to the availability of several mobile devices , the accessibility to news and information has also increased , which has enhanced the tendency of the audience to look for shorter and crisper information .
If you want to impress with attractive content , Indian web content writers can be of great help !
We Make Your Online Presence Count
This is where Content Writing India , with its team of specialists , comes in .
Our web content writing India services cater to the reading habits of the modern - day crowd .
With the knowledge that an average web page gets only a few seconds to impress readers , we craft attention - seeking and compelling content .
Aware that engaging the web audience is no small task , our writers consider their work to be a serious discipline .
Entrust your content with our professionals who are ready to take up the challenge , and we can provide the best support to that end .
Our premium writing service includes careful writing , checking for grammar , flow , style , adherence to topic and plagiarism .
Our Content Writing Services
Irrespective of the type of content , we are your best source to a solution , and our qualified word conjurers offer completely customized copies for your online audience .
Our range of offerings includes :
Blog Writing - Enchant and delight your audience with our blog writing services .
Encourage interaction from your readers as they wait for more information about your business .
Service Page Writing -
Our cut above the rest content gives a total makeover to your website .
Article Writing -
If you need authentic content , our wordsmiths can be of help and exceed your expectations with that .
Social Media Post -
Reach out to your potential and existing customer base with our web content writing services India , displaying well - written captions and content on images .
SEO Content - Content with suitable keywords arranged proportionately throughout put your business on the top of the search engine result pages .
Verified for originality , the content is just what you need .
Press Releases -
We incorporate the right punch into your press releases to transform it into a power - packed marketing tool .
Product Descriptions - Carry your product ’s information to the searchers out there .
We write to - the - point content featuring details of the item to catch the readers ’ curiosity so that they crave to try your offering .
Newsletters -
You can resort to our newsletter writers for sending newsletters to your audience every month .
Tell us what your goals are , and we will work closely with you to come up with high - end output to drive conversion .
What is So Special About Us ?
Receive original , informative content with popping headlines and captivating tone .
Most visitors are averse to reading line - by - line and just scan through the content .
If the content ’s language is entertaining and at the same time conveys authority , readers will yearn to know more about your business .
That is exactly what our writers do .
We format and structure the write - ups in a way so as to make them convenient for the readers to go through them .
Work Delivered at Lightning Speed
When you place an order , we try to get it done as fast as possible through effective web content writing services India .
The moment we have all the relevant information from your end , we are on it like dots on ‘i ’s .
Our experts conduct essential research to fabricate content and share content quickly .
Integrity
We are committed to offering top - notch content , exactly the way you want and whenever you want .
What makes us unique is that you pay no hidden costs on opting for our copywriting services .
Talented Copywriters
Our team of copywriters are hand - picked and are second to none when it comes to using the right words and converting them into textual ornamentation to connect with consumers and assure them that you are the only source of respite for them .
Give us a shout and one of our representatives will respond .
Relentless in our pursuit of your happiness , we make sure that you are satisfied .
Hence , we strive to offer outstanding web content writing India services to our esteemed clientele .
James Kirkup and Louise Gray
Telegraph
December 6 , 2009
[ efoods ]
The Prime Minister launched an outspoken attack on climate - change sceptics amid growing signs of public doubts about the scientific and political consensus on the environment .
World leaders meet in Copenhagen next week seeking a global deal on cutting carbon emissions .
But the debate has been clouded by a row over accusations that British scientists manipulated data on global temperatures .
The United Nations yesterday announced an investigation into the University of East Anglia ’s Climatic Research Unit .
Critics of the scientific consensus on climate change claim emails from the unit ’s servers show researchers manipulated evidence to support their theory .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
As President Obama announced plans to send 30,000 more troops into Afghanistan to tackle the Taliban , Mark Urban spent time with some of the troops on the front line in Helmand province .
There are currently about 100,000 foreign troops in Afghanistan " I heard Kilo company lit up nine guys today , " said Craig , a young US marine , his face illuminated by the flickering flames that separated us .
Craig , square - jawed and of Irish American stock from Boston , looked like a young Kennedy stranded in Afghanistan .
Night had fallen over the shattered compound in Now Zad where we were bedding down .
The company that Craig and I were attached to , Lima , had spent its day blasting its way through an area of abandoned farms believed to be host to dozens of Taliban .
But the enemy , pausing only to shoot at the vehicle that brought us in , had not given Craig and the other members of Lima Company the fight - and the kills - they had hoped for .
" You seem disappointed ? " I asked another member of the squad , Josh , a gravel - voiced lance corporal from Missouri .
For the marines in Lima or Kilo companies ... this operation was their chance to challenge the Taliban to a stand - up fight and kill them
" Sure we are , " he replied without hesitation , his blue eyes peering out of a tired face blackened with camouflage cream .
These soldiers were taking part in an operation called Angry Cobra , a big set - piece offensive involving more than 1,000 marines , Afghan , British and Danish troops .
Its aim was to break the Taliban hold on Now Zad , a district centre in northern Helmand province .
' Dry run '
For four days , we watched close up as huge explosions echoed around the natural amphitheatre of high peaks surrounding the Afghan town .
With each great blast , the marines had whooped or shouted " get some ! "
Drones had wheeled noisily but unseen above us , trying to pinpoint the enemy , and the thump of helicopter rotors had added to the general cacophony .
Some of the American high - ups saw the operation as a dry run for other set - piece assaults on Taliban strongholds .
We can certainly expect more of those now that President Obama is increasing US forces and urging them to subdue Afghanistan 's insurgency in short order .
But for the marines in Lima or Kilo companies it was all a bit more straightforward - this operation was their chance to challenge the Taliban to a stand - up fight and kill them .
' Dark sub - text '
Two events during the few weeks leading up to Operation Angry Cobra had hardened the marines ' resolve .
In one , back in October , an American sniper team operating in the town had come to grief on two IEDs ( improvised explosive devices ) killing one and wounding nine others .
Washington 's new plan for the war promises plenty of action
The other incident was murkier both in its confused detail and dark sub -text .
Marines had mortared two men believed to be setting an IED in an area not far away .
A villager later presented two dead children at their base , claiming they had been killed by American fire .
But the children , according to those who had seen them or photographs of them , had been shot .
The marines said they had information that a local Taliban commander had ordered it , just so that the Americans would be blamed .
When I asked one young officer about that business , the night before we went out on the operation , he had fixed me in his gaze and said : " I will be happy to go out and kill those people . "
Elusive foe
But the Taliban were hardly going to make that easy .
The Taliban have said they will step up their fight against the US and its allies
More than 20 years ago , when talking to Soviet soldiers in Afghanistan while I covered their war for a newspaper , they often used the word " dushman " which is Persian for enemy .
Some , however , who had taken part in sweeps to try to catch their elusive foe , corrupted " dushman " to " duchi " , meaning spirits or ghosts .
And so it proved in Now Zad .
The Americans said they had killed 12 guerrillas , taken a similar number of detainees and found caches containing dozens of IEDs .
But most of the enemy had lain low .
The American plan was well thought - out .
They had inserted Kilo Company by helicopter to block off one possible line of Taliban retreat , and a British force off to the east had been there to impede another .
They had moved swiftly through the belt of booby traps surrounding their base by firing off minefield - breaching rockets , blasting lanes through the IEDs .
But their enemy , for the most part , had proven elusive .
The new emphasis in Now Zad is shifting to bringing in the governor , clearing IEDs and re-building .
By their earlier actions , the Taliban had goaded the marines .
Sitting that evening with the tired squad in an abandoned Afghan farm , I realised that the Americans had been denied a chance to quench that anger .
But there will be other opportunities soon enough .
The Taliban who evaded Operation Angry Cobra may show themselves again soon , and Washington 's new plan for the war promises plenty of action .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
from Matthew Perpetua ’s fluxblog.org :
This is a collection of the finest non-hit pop songs from the 16 year history of this site .
( Well , actually , one legit hit made it through because it fit in nicely . )
It ’s basically nothing but world - class bangers .
You can experience it as an Apple Music playlist , a Spotify playlist , or as an expanded download version featuring 16 extra songs that are not available on streaming platforms .
I ’ve marked the bonus songs in the track listing for the download set below .
DOWNLOAD PART 1 Scissor Sisters “ Paul McCartney ” / In Flagranti “ Genital Blue Room ” / Spektrum “ Do n’t Be Shy ” / Goldfrapp “ Ride A White Horse ” / The Silures “ 21 Ghosts ” / Basement Jaxx “ Cish Cash ” / Rachel Stevens “ Some Girls ” / Klanguage “ Never Over ” / Kylie Minogue “ Sweet Music ” / Annie “ Chewing Gum ” / Pleasure “ Out of Love ” * / Architecture in Helsinki “ That Beep ” / Out Hud “ It ’s For You ” * / Matthew Dear “ Don and Sherri ” / Bossanova “ Rare Brazil ” / Enon “ Daughter in the House of Fools ” / Katy Rose “ Rosemary ” * / Fox N’ Wolf “ Youth Alcoholic ” / The Knife “ Heartbeats ” / Revl9n “ Walking Machine ” / AG Cook feat .
Hannah Diamond “ Keri Baby ” / GFOTY “ Do n’t Wanna / Let ’s Do It ” / Poppy “ My Style ” / Grimes “ Artangels ” / White Hinterland “ Chill and Natural ” / Von Sudenfed “ Fledermaus Ca n’t Get It ” / Björk “ Innocence ” / Justice “ DVNO ” / Kate Nash “ Pumpkin Soup ” / Yelle “ Tristesse / Joie ” / Girls Aloud “ Black Jacks ” / Veronica Maggio “ Gammal Sång ” * / Kimbra “ Madhouse ” / Hemme Fatale “ Animal Lover ” * / Alphabeat “ Heatwave ” / Ellie Goulding “ Anything Could Happen ” / Sissy Wish “ Float ” / Fight Like Apes “ Pop Itch ” / Carly Rae Jepsen “ Tiny Little Bows ” / Brown Eyed Girls “ 날아갈래 ” / Junior Senior “ We R the Handclaps ” / Gameboy / Gamegirl “ Sweaty Wet / Dirty Damp ” / Muscles “ Chocolate , Raspberry , Lemon , and Lime ” / Crossover “ Extensive Care ” DOWNLOAD PART 2 Sleigh Bells “ Crown on the Ground ” / Maria Magdalena “ CVMC ( Cada Vez Mas Cerca ) ” / Friendly Fires “ Hurting ” / The Rapture “ Whoo !
Alright – Yeah … Uh - Huh ” / M.I.A. “ URAQT ” / Ce’cile “ Rude Bwoy Thug Life ” / Redinho “ Playing with Fire ” / CSS “ Let ’s Make Love and Listen to Death From Above ” / Spank Rock “ Sweet Talk ” / Stazi “ Love Is Lethal ” * / Yellow Note vs. Pukka “ Naked , Drunk , and Horny ” / Armand Van Helden feat .
Spalding Rockwell “ Hear My Name ” / Cut Copy “ Saturdays ” / Quarks “ I Walk ” + / QT
“ Hey QT ” / Peaches “ Dumb Fuck ” / Heloise and the Savoir Faire Dancers “ Odyle ” / Tracy and the Plastics “ Henrietta ” * / Junesex “ Gets Close to Mine ” / Mouse on Mars “ Mine Is In Yours ” / LCD Soundsystem “ Yeah ( Crass Version ) ” / Ladytron “ Destroy Everything You Touch ” / Of Montreal “ The Party ’s Crashing Us ( I Am the World Trade Center Remix ) ” / Futon “ Gay Boy ” + / Dog Ruff “ Jon E Storm ” * / Chicks on Speed “ Shick Shaving ” * / Avenue D feat .
Cazwell “ The Sex That I Need ” / Gene Serene “ Electric Dreams ” / Vanessinha & Alessandra “ Gira ” * / United State of Electronica “ La Discoteca ” * / Planningtorock “ I Wanna Bite Ya ” / Nouveau Riche “ Take Me Home ” * / Hilary Duff “ Danger ” / SEVENTEEN
“ Change Up ” / Britney Spears “ How I Roll ” / MNDR “ Cut Me Out ” / Skrillex “ Stranger ” / Sophie “ Lemonade ” / Saint Pepsi “ Better ” / Sky Ferreira “ I Blame Myself ” / Lolita Storm “ Dancing with the Ibiza Dogs ” * / Chairlift “ I Belong In Your Arms ” / Au Revoir Simone “ Through the Backyards ” / La Big Vic “ All That Heaven Allows ” / Rework “ Not Quite Like Any Other ” * = Not on either Spotify or Apple
+ = On Apple , but not Spotify
My friend Matthew pioneered music blogging waaaaaaaaay back when , and for over a decade and a half he ’s brought his vision of pop music to the masses .
This two - disc retrospective is Matthew ’s Mirror Mirror II , basically — it sums up the Fluxblog aesthetic and declares it worthy of consideration the same way me and Julia ’s anthology did for our aesthetic .
I think you ’re going to see more and more of these kinds of efforts from people with singular visions ( or double visions in our case , I guess ) , as a combination of factors — media contraction , layoffs and job insecurity , and the ongoing transformation of entertainment journalism and criticism into boosterism for the products of the world ’s largest corporations — drives veteran critics and writers toward the same kinds of independent expression that helped them get their start in the first place .
It ’s a bit like what our mutual friend Chris Ott encouraged in one of his very earliest Shallow Rewards video podcasts / jeremiads : “ Declare victory and leave the playing field . ”
When the work you value can’t find purchase , be confident in what it and you have to offer and plant your flag on your own .
( FWIW those playlists really are full of bangers .
That opening run on Disc 1 will kick your ass )
Anything and everything Mystery Science Theater 3000 , RiffTrax , Cinematic Titanic , Film Crew , Best Brains , and more .
We already knew True Blood ‘s third season was in production , but HBO has created a clever little promo to let us know :
Riptide sure hates when we forget where one of our building are .
There 's always a bit of panic , and then we retrace our steps trying to remember where we left it .
Was it in Kendall ?
No , how about Hialeah ?
Then we call up our friends , " Hey , Do you remember where I left my building ?
I had it Saturday night , right ?
Remember , that stucco two story with the Mediterranean roof ?
No , I already called the club .
It 's not there .
I hope someone did n't swipe it ... or maybe I left it in my jacket pocket ... false alarm , found it ! "
Losing a single building is completely understandable , right ?
But 18,000 buildings ?
How could any one lose track of 18,000 buildings ?
Well , the Florida Government has done just that , and has no idea how much it will cost to track down thousands of missing taxpayer - owned buildings .
The problem came when someone realized no one had a complete list of all the tax payer owned buildings .
Linda South , Secretary of the Florida Department of Management Services , knows where the 115 buildings her department is directly responsible for are , but went around asking other departments something to the effect of , " It 's 10 o'clock .
Do you know where your buildings are ? "
What she was able to find out is that the state owns just under 18,000 buildings , but did n't know where many of them are , if they still exist , or how much they 're worth .
Her department does n't have the manpower to track down all the buildings , and hopes to outsource the job .
Problem is , she has no idea how much that will cost .
[ CBS4 : Fl. Gov't Searches For 18,000 Missing Buildings ]
[ PBPost : State managers : I could swear those 17,900 state - owned buildings were here somewhere ]
China today announced it had begun construction of the world 's longest sea bridge – barely 18 months after opening the current record - holder .
The Y - shaped link between Hong Kong , Macau and China will be around 50 km ( 31 miles ) long in total , 35 km of which will span the sea , said the state news agency Xinhua .
Due to be completed by 2015 , the 73bn yuan ( £ 6.75 bn ) cost of the bridge will be shared by the authorities in the three territories .
The structure also includes a 5.5 km underwater tunnel with artificial islands to join it to bridges on each side .
According to the engineering group Arup – which has helped with the design – it is the first major marine bridge - and - tunnel project in China .
But the engineering firm described the structure as 38 km in length ; the reason for the disparity was unclear .
Work is expected to begin with land reclamation to create an artificial island of around 216 hectares ( 540 acres ) off Zhuhai .
This will become the customs point for those making the crossing .
But much of the structure will be prefabricated offsite , so , for example , the concrete deck sections can be produced at the same time as the foundations are laid .
The tunnel will be made of precast sections – each 100 metres long .
" It is designed with a service life of 120 years .
It can withstand the impact of a strong wind with a speed of 51 metres a second , or equal to a maximum Beaufort scale 16 ( 184 to 201 km / h ) , " said Zhu Yongling , an official in charge of the project construction .
" It can also resist the impact of a magnitude - 8 earthquake and a 300,000 - tonne vessel . "
A computer - generated image of the £ 6.75 bn bridge , much of which will be fabricated offsite
Six lanes of traffic will pass across the bridge at a maximum speed of 100 kmph , cutting driving time from Hong Kong to Zhuhai from four hours to one .
The bridge was first proposed in 1983 as a way of fostering economic ties between China , Hong Kong and Macau .
But it will be particularly welcome as the Pearl River Delta – for many years the hub of China 's manufacturing – is buffeted by economic problems .
The area 's attempt to move up the value chain , combined with the rise of the yuan and the global economic crisis , has seen exports plummeting .
The bridge is one component in a plan issued in January by China 's top economic planning body , the National Development and Reform Commission , which aims to fuse the area and the two special administrative regions , Hong Kong and Macau , into one of the world 's most vibrant economic centres by 2020 .
In particular , the government hopes it will help to develop the western side of Guangdong province .
" It is a move for Hong Kong , Macau and the Pearl River Delta region to cope with global economic downturn , boost investment and inspire people , " said the vice - premier , Li Keqiang , at the inauguration ceremony in Guangdong .
" Meanwhile , it can also further increase [ their ] links and promote economic co-operation . "
Hong Kong has said the bridge should generate $ HK45 bn ( £ 3.6bn ) of economic benefits within the first two decades of use , Reuters reported .
According to an article in New Civil Engineer magazine earlier this year , the bridges cross three navigation channels while the tunnel goes under a fourth .
" There is an airport nearby , so we could not build a bridge [ in that area ] which was the reason for the tunnel .
The immersed tube is the longest in the world at 5.5 km long , " Naeem Hussain , global bridge leader at Arup , told the publication .
He said the bridge 's piers would each be 170 metres high and that the design team had minimised the structures impact on estuary flows by limiting the size and number of columns in the water .
But the WWF and other environmental campaigners have warned that construction could devastate marine ecosystems and endanger the rare Chinese white dolphin , which is found in the estuarine waters of the Pearl river .
Officials say they have already considered environmental issues in planning the project .
" We will control the construction noises and turbidity of seawater , and prevent oil pollution , " Zhu told Xinhua .
It is only a year and a half since China opened a 36 km span across Hangzhou Bay – in the eastern province of Zhejiang – which is currently the longest sea-bridge .
Wang Yong , the head of that project , said the design had led to more than 250 technological innovations and engineering breakthroughs , many of which will no doubt prove useful in building the new construction .
He added that the Hangzhou bridge survived 19 severe challenges , including typhoons , tides , and geological problems during the three and a half years of construction .
The longest water - spanning bridge in the world is the Lake Pontchartrain causeway bridge in New Orleans , at 38.4 km .
But officials said that Hangzhou was a particularly difficult site to build because of its complex climate .
What fingerprints does your browser leave behind as you surf the web ?
Traditionally , people assume they can prevent a website from identifying them by disabling cookies on their web browser .
Unfortunately , this is not the whole story .
When you visit a website , you are allowing that site to access a lot of information about your computer 's configuration .
Combined , this information can create a kind of fingerprint — a signature that could be used to identify you and your computer .
But how effective would this kind of online tracking be ?
EFF is running an experiment to find out .
Our new website Panopticlick will anonymously log the configuration and version information from your operating system , your browser , and your plug-ins , and compare it to our database of five million other configurations .
Then , it will give you a uniqueness score — letting you see how easily identifiable you might be as you surf the web .
Adding your information to our database will help EFF evaluate the capabilities of Internet tracking and advertising companies , who are already using techniques of this sort to record people 's online activities .
They develop these methods in secret , and do n't always tell the world what they 've found .
But this experiment will give us more insight into the privacy risk posed by browser fingerprinting , and help web users to protect themselves .
To join the experiment :
http://panopticlick.eff.org/
To learn more about the theory behind it :
http://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2010/01/primer-information-theory-and-privacy
I think Mina Song ’s idea for an inflatable plate called the “ Air Dish ” is quite a sound one .
You ’re on a picnic and you care for the environment so you use the garbage can to dispose your used paper plates .
But still that ’s waste of plates / resources right .
Change the scene and use the vinyl Air Dish instead : inflate it , use it , rinse it , fold and stow it …. no bother of disposing it anytime soon .
Just be careful about pricking it .
Designer : Mina Song
Pin Share Flip WhatsApp Pocket 16 Shares
[ UPDATE BELOW ]
We 're getting reports that a possible gas leak and / or explosion has prompted the evacuation of buildings in Brooklyn Heights near Borough Hall and Court Street .
According to some reports , at least five manhole covers have blown , and subway stations at Borough Hall and Court Street in Brooklyn have been evacuated and closed .
One reader just sent us this email :
2 3 4 and 5 service from Brooklyn to Manhattan is currently suspended in both directions it seems .
Borough hall subway station is swarmed with fire engines and firemen , one of whom told me there was a possible explosion in the tunnel between Brooklyn and Manhattan .
The R may still be running , and they could n't give an estimate for when train service would be restored .
And via Gothamist contribute : " So MAJOR EXPLOSION just outside my build .
I thought my building was about to fall over .
Everyone is okay .
Thanks Goodness !
But I am being asked to leave my building .
What the heck ! "
A command post is being set up at Columbia Place & Joralemon Street in Brooklyn , and we 'll update as more information becomes available .
UPDATE : The FDNY has requested an additional 2 trucks and the HAZMAT battalion .
And the city 's Office of Emergency Management announced through Notify NYC : " Emergency personnel are on the scene of multiple manhole fires near Joralemon Street and Columbia Place in downtown Brooklyn . "
( They 're also on Twitter . )
UPDATE 2 : More FDNY units are responding , and we 're hearing over the newswire that there are " active manholes exploding " and the fire is still not under control .
A police officer at the scene told us that after the manhole explosions , there was a transformer explosion , but this has not been officially verified and we 're waiting for a statement from NYC Transit .
Reader J.Matthew Cahill , who is at the scene , tells us " There are trains stalled on both platforms , and they 're roping off the Borough Hall turnstiles and redirecting people to the A/C to get into Manhattan . "
The Borough Hall train station on Court Street & Joralemon is without power , and all hands are being called to respond .
UPDATE 3 : A spokesman for NYC Transit writes : " We did resume 2/3 service with delays between Borough Hall and Wall St , but 4/5 remains out between Atlantic Ave and Fulton St. Started as reports of loss of power , then we were informed of Con Ed feeder problems in area .
We had no injuries and I know of no explosions within the system .
UPDATE 4 : Commenter Longacre points out that the FDNY command center is set up by the NYCT IRT Substation on Willow Place in Brooklyn Heights .
And a local resident who would only give us his first name ( Bob ) says , " They evacuated our building and there 's a big crater surrounding a manhole that exploded near Joralemon and Willow .
I heard two other explosions this morning , too . "
At around 1:30 , a tipster told Brooklyn Heights Blog : " There is an active manhole fire on Joralemon at the corner of Willow Place .
Smoke was coming out of the manholes and the street was being closed off as I approached .
Suddenly there was an explosion and I saw two manhole covers pop 8 - 10 feet in the air .
I could see the bottom side of the covers and I was standing uphill the manholes !
Firefighters are checking the surrounding basements for potential gas leaks . "
UPDATE 4:18 p.m. :
It 's being reported that the cause of the incident was a private contractor installing gas service to a residence in front of the MTA substation at 25 Willow Place .
According to Yeshiva World , the contractor struck a NYCT electrical line , causing multiple manholes to explode in the vicinity of 62 Joralemon Street and resulting in a temporary power disruption to the NYCT Borough Hall Station .
Below , video from Fox 5's helicopter :
As negotiations became more heated in recent months , and as the economic situation in Dubai worsened , one or two banks even went so far as to insist on being paid before the bondholders , according to the person involved in the negotiations .
After Dubai World raised $ 5 billion from Abu Dhabi banks on Wednesday , it was in a position to pay the $ 3.5 billion to the holders of its Islamic bond by Dec. 14 .
Instead , the company decided to call a halt in payments to make clear to the holders of its debt that they had to work together or risk not being paid at all .
It was the high - finance equivalent of mutually assured destruction .
For the bankers , not to be paid would raise the prospect of more write - downs at a time when the industry has absorbed more than a trillion dollars in losses related to bad mortgages and is still recovering .
But the maneuver was also risky for Dubai , jeopardizing its reputation as a sound credit risk .
And in the end , it led to the debt crisis that is playing out here .
Some analysts say any announcement on restructuring the debt is unlikely to come soon .
Much of the six - month stay that Dubai asked for on its payments of the $ 3.5 billion bond is likely to pass as Dubai and creditors hash out which assets can be sold to raise cash , how much of a restructuring fee should be paid to bankers and most crucially , how much more time Dubai will get .
Through June 2013 , Dubai World owes about $ 27 billion to banks and bond holders .
It is not clear which banks were so insistent upon being paid early , but according to a recent report by Morgan Stanley , the three banks with the largest exposures to the United Arab Emirates as a whole are HSBC at $ 16 billion , Standard Chartered at $ 8 billion and Barclays at $ 4 billion .
Compounding this uncertainty was an announcement by Barclays Capital on Monday that the asset value of one of Dubai World ’s prime commercial properties in London , the Adelphi building , had sunk below the level of its debt .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
January 9th , 2010
Update : CNBC : “ I Guess You Can Use the Word Ponzi Scheme ”
— End Update —
Am I reading this right !?
Someone tell me I ’m not reading this right .
Via : Pimco :
Here ’s the problem that the U.S. Fed ’s “ exit ” poses in simple English : Our fiscal 2009 deficit totaled nearly 12 % of GDP and required over $ 1.5 trillion of new debt to finance it .
The Chinese bought a little ( $ 100 billion ) of that , other sovereign wealth funds bought some more , but as shown in Chart 2 , foreign investors as a group bought only 20 % of the total – perhaps $ 300 billion or so .
The balance over the past 12 months was substantially purchased by the Federal Reserve .
Of course they purchased more 30 - year Agency mortgages than Treasuries , but PIMCO and others sold them those mortgages and bought – you guessed it – Treasuries with the proceeds .
The conclusion of this fairytale is that the government got to run up a 1.5 trillion dollar deficit , did n’t have to sell much of it to private investors , and lived happily ever – ever – well , not ever after , but certainly in 2009 .
Now , however , the Fed tells us that they ’re “ fed up , ” or that they think the economy is strong enough for them to gracefully “ exit , ” or that they ’re confident that private investors are capable of absorbing the balance .
Not likely .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
As a blizzard dumped more than a foot of snow on Washington , D.C. last month , a group of youngish , well - wired hipsters gathered in the city 's gentrifying U - Street corridor for a mass snowball fight .
The idea originated and gained momentum on the social networking site Twitter .
That 's significant , because by the time it was all over , the Snowball Fight Heard ' Round the World became an apt demonstration of how social networking , easy access to publishing software , and the all - around democratization of technology is blowing open the filtered , narrowly - bored traditional channels of information , helping make both government and traditional media more accountable .
The December 19 snowball fight took an ugly turn when snowballers pelted a red Hummer making its way through the snow - packed intersection of 14th and U Streets in Northwest Washington , a part of the city with some historical turbulence , including the 1968 riots .
The driver , D.C. police Detective Mike Baylor , emerged from his vehicle in plain clothes , and without identifying himself as a police officer confronted the snowballers .
Baylor unholstered his gun , bringing more derision and insults to an already heated confrontation ( including the chant " do n't bring a gun to a snowball fight " ) .
Snowballers and observers quickly began calling 911 about a man waving a gun at the intersection .
That brought uniformed cops to the scene , one of whom had also ( understandably , at that point ) drawn his weapon .
Baylor detained one person , attorney Daniel Schramm , whom the detective falsely accused of hitting him with a snowball .
Within hours , video of the altercation popped up all over the Internet ( including from Reason.tv 's Dan Hayes , who was on the scene ) .
By the morning of December 20 , anyone with an Internet connection could see from multiple angles shot by multiple video cameras and cell phones that not only did Det .
Baylor wave his gun , he also admitted it .
Baylor is now under investigation .
He 's been stripped of his badge and gun , and may lose his job .
( Watch Reason.tv 's video " DC Cop Waves Gun at Snowball Fight . "
Article continues below video . )
The more interesting part of this story , however , is the initial reaction from Washington , D.C. 's Metropolitan Police Department ( MPDC ) and the traditional D.C. media .
Despite the fact that video and photographic evidence of Det.
Baylor drawing his gun were already widely available on the web , MPDC Assistant Chief Pete Newsham initially issued a series of what can only be called bold - faced lies .
Newsham first told the Washington City Paper , " There was no police pulling guns on snowball people . "
In fact , there were two .
The Washington Post then reported :
Assistant Chief Pete Newsham , who leads the department 's investigative services bureau , said it appears the patrol officer acted appropriately , and the worst the detective might have done is use inappropriate language in dealing with the snowball fighters …
At some point , Newsham said , the detective approached the group of snowball fighters and had " some kind of interaction " with them .
He said the detective holstered a cellphone , and someone from the crowd called to report a man with a gun .
" He was armed but never pulls his weapon , " Newsham said of the detective .
" I think what probably happens is somebody probably saw his gun and called the police . "
The patrol officer who responded to the call approached with his gun drawn , Newsham said , because he did not know the man with a gun was a D.C. detective .
When he realized that , he quickly holstered his own weapon , Newsham said .
Newsham 's rush to clear Baylor 's name came before the slightest bit of investigation .
Newsham also quickly deferred to Baylor 's stellar reputation and years of service , distinguishing the noble public servant from the unruly yahoos making accusations against him .
That would be fine if Newsham was Baylor 's attorney .
But he is n't .
He 's in charge of the MPDC unit responsible for investigating officer misconduct .
And here he was disseminating clear and provable lies .
Forget the gun-waving Baylor .
This is the real scandal .
You'd be awfully naive to think the only time Newsham has publicly lied to defend a MPDC officer accused of misconduct was coincidentally the one time the officer 's accusers were tech - savvy hipsters armed with cell phones and video cameras .
D.C. Police Chief Kathy Lanier 's investigation into the incident ought to go well beyond Baylor .
From where did the false information Newsham perpetuated originate ?
Why was Newsham , whose position is that of a trusted liason between the department and the public , so quick to use bad information to defend a fellow officer ?
Should n't this incident call his judgment into question in other cases ?
Is he still fit for the job ?
Perhaps he was never fit for it in the first place .
Civil rights attorney Jonathan Turley noted on his blog that Newsham is one of the defendants in a lawsuit against Washington , D.C. by several students arrested without cause during the 2001 World Bank protests .
According to Turley , the students — who say they were observing or covering the protests , not protesting — were arrested , hogtied , and left unattended for as long as 19 hours .
Most were never charged .
Newsham himself gave the order for the arrests .
The city has since spent more than $ 15 million settling the resulting lawsuits .
Newsham was then promoted to his current position — heading up investigations of misconduct by other MPDC officials .
Do n't count on the traditional media to look into any of this .
As the City Paper 's Erik Wemple reported last month , the excerpted post above , the one where Washington Post reporters Matt Zapotosky and Martin Weil uncritically regurgitate Newsham 's nonsense , came not only in the face of overwhelming video evidence to the contrary , but in spite of the fact that one of the paper 's own staffers was actually at the snowball fight and told the paper that , without question , Baylor had pulled his gun .
Local ABC affiliate WJLA also initially posted a news story ( since pulled from the site , but linked on several Internet forums , including Fark ) that ran with Newsham 's denial as the authoritative narrative , adding for good measure some they - probably - deserved - it color about the snowball hurlers carrying anti-war signs and wearing black ski-masks .
Ski-masks .
In the middle of a snowstorm .
Imagine that !
Two days later , Post Metro columnist Marc Fisher chimed in .
Fisher smugly boasted that in contrast to " sketchy " summaries of the snowball fight " on the blogs , " Post reporter Zapotosky engaged in some " classic reporting , " and " using clear , unemotional prose , " went out to " find the puzzle pieces and put them together . "
Except that in his initial report , all Zapotosky did was call and then unskeptically defer to an authority figure , in this case Newsham .
And in doing so , he got the story wrong .
Even Zapotosky 's updates to his first post were hedgy .
In the first , he wrote that video evidence suggested Baylor " may have unholstered his pistol . "
Well , no .
The videos show that Baylor unquestionably did .
In the second he links to more video , but still does n't acknowledge Newsham 's misinformation — or the fact that he uncritically ran with it .
For all the " and then the adults took over " anti-new media sneer in Fisher 's post ( and hey , Fisher did write all of this in a blog post — so maybe he has a point ! ) , the link for his " on the blogs " condescension actually goes the City Paper , which got the story right from the outset .
The City Paper called Newsham , too .
But instead of running with Newsham 's denials as fact , that paper 's reporters also viewed the video evidence posted around the web and talked to eyewitnesses — including the Post 's own staffer , whom Zapotosky ignored .
Instead of turning his nose up at new media and social networking , Fisher should be asking himself whether , if it were n't for Twitter , YouTube , blogs , and alternative weeklies like the City Paper , the Post would have ever gotten this story right .
Or whether the Post would have eventually given credence to Baylor 's accusers had this happened not on a busy U - Street intersection teeming with wired gentrifiers , but in D.C. 's poorer , blacker Southeast quadrant , where confrontations with the police are more common yet less covered , and where corroborating video would be less likely .
More to the point , if what Zapotosky did was " real journalism , " how many other police misconduct stories might the Post have gotten wrong all this time because it merely deferred to MPDC flacks like Newsham ?
Fisher 's right in that video sharing , social networking sites , and other emerging media outlets ought to be viewed cautiously .
But they should n't be ignored .
Nor should we put all of our faith in journalism 's old guard to process all that ugly raw information for us .
Traditional media has its own problems , not least of which is its tendency to take self - serving statements from government officials at face value .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
You need to install latest flash player to view this content .
What ’s this training for ?
The idea of thirty seconds drawing app is tool for support gesture drawing .b
You will improve in recognizing aspects of figures in a short amount of time , and be able to draw accruately with minimum lines . aking a large of number of sketches in a small amount of time may be good experience especially for begginners .
This training will easily become your daily routine .
Procedure
Get ready in front of the screen with a pencil and a paper .
Press the start button .
The models shown will change every 30 seconds .
Your skill will surely improve if you do this training every night and day , with 2 sets of 5 minutes ( 10 poses ) .
Links
To display log of 30 Second Drawing , check this page .
For non time limit mode , use Random Pose Viewer
Tips
1 . Try to complete your drawing in time .
2 . If it is very tought to complete , it had better to change time limit .
3 . Think without words while sketching .
4. Focus on the mass , the flow , and the center of mass , and work on details later .
5 . Try to keep your eyes on the screen instead of your paper .
6 . You will be able to draw faster if u dont lift your pen off of the paper as you draw .
7 . Draw lines of the back bone and the hip to make good balance .
8 . Use other drawing materials such as brushes , pastels , and charcoals after you get used to pencils .
9. Ignore details .
Its impossible to draw everything .
Focusd on the point of the pose .
10 . Observe your result , and analyse the good point and bad point .
Change the style and find the way to conquer your weekness .
IT ’S THE MOST IMPORTANT
VIDEOS
Some of videos uploaded by users .
// --------------------------------------------------------------------------
//
// Small program to draw pictures of Ikea Lillabo track layouts using
// instructions derived from my Perl program .
//
// Written by John Graham - Cumming ( http://www.jgc.org/ )
//
// Released under the General Public License , version 2
//
// --------------------------------------------------------------------------
// This is the cursor position ( x , y ) coordinates and angle to the
// horizontal
float x , y , a ;
//
The length in pixels of a single straight piece
float len = 40 ;
// See the Perl program for a full explanation , but there are 8 curves
// in a circle and from that the radians of curve arc , the length of the
// straight line between the curve ends and the curve angle to the
// horizontal can be calculated .
float curves_in_circle = 8 ;
float radians_in_curve = 2 * PI / curves_in_circle ;
float curve_angle = radians_in_curve / 2 ;
float curve_length = len * 2 * cos( PI /2 - radians_in_curve/2 ) ;
// The Processing equivalent of main ( )
void setup ( ) {
// Set up the basic parameters for the drawing : a 1000x1000 canvas ,
// with a white background .
None of the elements drawn will be filled
// and the lines will be four pixels wide .
size ( 1000 , 1000 ) ;
background ( 255 , 255 , 255 ) ;
strokeWeight ( 4 ) ;
noFill ( ) ;
//
These are the nine possible layouts discovered by the Perl program
// and were copy / pasted here .
Clearly this would be better done
// dynamically with this program reading the Perl program 's output .
int layouts = 9 ;
String s [ ] = new String [ layouts ] ;
s [ 0 ] = " AAAACCAAAASSAAB " ;
s [ 1 ] = " CCCCCCSSAAAAAAB " ;
s [ 2 ] = " CAAAAACASSAAAAB " ;
s [ 3 ] = " CAAAAASCASAAAAB " ;
s [ 4 ] = " CAAAAASSCAAAAAB " ;
s [ 5 ] = " AAACAACAAASSAAB " ;
s [ 6 ] = " ACAAAASACSAAAAB " ;
s [ 7 ] = " ACAAAASSACAAAAB " ;
s [ 8 ] = " AACAAASSAACAAAB " ;
// ( row , col ) is the row and column position of the next layout to draw
// starting from the top left of the canvas .
Since we know there are
// 9 the loop below lays them out 3x3 .
h is the height of space
// reserved for a layout .
int row = 0 ;
int col = 0 ;
int h = 250 ;
int w = h + 50 ;
for ( int j = 0 ; j < layouts ; j + + ) {
// Start 200 pixels from the top left corner and with an initial
// angle of 0
a = 0 ;
x = 200 + w * col ;
y = 200 + h * row ;
col + + ;
if ( col = = 3 ) {
col = 0 ;
row + + ;
}
for ( int i = 0 ; i < s [ j ] . length ( ) ; i + + ) {
switch ( s [ j ] .
charAt ( i ) ) {
case ' B ' :
bridge ( ) ;
break ;
case ' C ' :
clockwise ( ) ;
break ;
case ' A ' :
anticlockwise ( ) ;
break ;
case ' S ' :
straight ( ) ;
break ;
}
}
}
}
// Function to draw a piece and update ( x , y ) and a
void draw_piece ( float l , // Length of piece to be drawn
float ang ) //
The angular change due to the piece
{
//
If the ang is zero then this is a straight piece so use line ( ) , if
// non-zero then it's a curve and so use arc ( )
if ( ang = = 0 ) {
// ( dx , dy ) is the end of the piece truncated ( the 0.8 multiplier )
// to leave a little gap between pieces .
float dx = x + l * 0.8 * cos ( a + ang ) ;
float dy = y + l * 0.8 * sin ( a + ang ) ;
line ( x , y , dx , dy ) ;
} else {
int h = ( ang < 0 ) ? - 1 : 1 ;
// ( ox , oy ) is the location of the centre of the circle on which the
// arc we are drawing lies .
s and e are the starting and ending angles
// of arc to draw .
Note that s must be less than e .
Note the 1.5 here
// is used to shorten the arc to leave a small gap between pieces .
float ox = x - h * len * cos ( PI / 2 - a ) ;
float oy = y + h * len * sin ( PI / 2 - a ) ;
float s = a ;
float e = a + ang * 1.5 ;
if ( s > e ) {
float t = e ;
e = s ;
s = t ;
}
// The PI / 2 adjustment here is needed because the angles in s and e are
// derived from a which is to the horizontal and the arc ( ) function needs
// angles to the vertical
ellipseMode ( CENTER ) ;
arc ( ox , oy , len * 2 , len * 2 , s - h * PI / 2 , e - h * PI / 2 ) ;
}
// Update ( x , y ) and a to be at the end of the new piece that 's been
// added and with the correct orientation .
x + = l * cos ( a + ang ) ;
y + = l * sin ( a + ang ) ;
a + = 2 * ang ;
}
// Four functions to draw the four pieces giving them different colours .
void bridge ( )
{
stroke ( 255 , 0 , 0 ) ;
draw_piece ( 2 * len , 0 ) ;
}
void straight ( )
{
stroke ( 0 , 255 , 0 ) ;
draw_piece ( len , 0 ) ;
}
void clockwise ( )
{
stroke ( 255 , 0 , 255 ) ;
draw_piece ( curve_length , curve_angle ) ;
}
void anticlockwise ( )
{
stroke ( 0 , 0 , 255 ) ;
draw_piece ( curve_length , - curve_angle ) ;
}
By popular demand ... here 's the code , written in Processing that actually draws the train sets .
I had n't released it because I did n't think it was very interesting , but you are welcome to it .
Labels : pseudo - randomness
Spotify ( where available ) Spotify ( where available )
Do n't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu Spotify ( where available )
It would be OK , I guess Spotify ( where available )
It would be good but not sure I would use it Spotify ( where available )
This would be great to see Spotify ( where available ) I would definitely use this app
Pandora ( where available ) Pandora ( where available )
Do n't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu Pandora ( where available )
It would be OK , I guess Pandora ( where available )
It would be good but not sure I would use it Pandora ( where available )
This would be great to see Pandora ( where available ) I would definitely use this app
Adobe Photoshop Adobe Photoshop
Don't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu Adobe Photoshop
It would be OK , I guess Adobe Photoshop
It would be good but not sure I would use it Adobe Photoshop
This would be great to see Adobe Photoshop I would definitely use this app
Apple iTunes Apple iTunes
Don't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu Apple iTunes
It would be OK , I guess Apple iTunes
It would be good but not sure I would use it Apple iTunes
This would be great to see Apple iTunes I would definitely use this app
Hulu Hulu
Don't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu Hulu
It would be OK , I guess Hulu
It would be good but not sure I would use it Hulu
This would be great to see Hulu I would definitely use this app
Skype Skype Don't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu Skype
It would be OK , I guess Skype
It would be good but not sure I would use it Skype
This would be great to see Skype I would definitely use this app
World of Warcraft World of Warcraft
Don't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu World of Warcraft
It would be OK , I guess World of Warcraft
It would be good but not sure I would use it World of Warcraft
This would be great to see World of Warcraft I would definitely use this app
Google Picasa Google Picasa
Don't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu Google Picasa
It would be OK , I guess Google Picasa
It would be good but not sure I would use it Google Picasa
This would be great to see Google Picasa I would definitely use this app
Steam ( Game delivery mechanism ) Steam ( Game delivery mechanism )
Do n't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu Steam ( Game delivery mechanism )
It would be OK , I guess Steam ( Game delivery mechanism )
It would be good but not sure I would use it Steam ( Game delivery mechanism )
This would be great to see Steam ( Game delivery mechanism ) I would definitely use this app
Codeweavers Codeweavers
Don't ever want to see this app on Ubuntu Codeweavers
It would be OK , I guess Codeweavers
It would be good but not sure I would use it Codeweavers
This would be great to see Codeweavers I would definitely use this app
The sixth and final season of Lost begins next month , but ABC may have plans to extend the series beyond its natural conclusion .
Unwilling to let one of their most lucrative franchises go , the network is considering a spin- off .
Advertisement
For ABC and its parent company Disney , this is the only way out of their Catch - 22 .
Part of what made
Lost so successful and arguably revived it after a second season creative slump was the decision to set a definitive end date .
Without that promise of eventual resolution , the show might never have grown into the eighth highest rated show of the 2008 - 09 television season .
But that success came with an expiration date , and ABC is reluctant to say goodbye to so successful a show .
Although the more immediate plans for continuing Lost involve multimedia expansion , such as comics , games , special edition DVDs , and the much - rumored " Lost : The Ride " , ABC executives ultimately see the franchise 's future as being on TV .
Advertisement
An ABC executive explains the network 's plans :
" We 've been talking about this for a couple of years now , " says ABC marketing exec VP Mike Benson .
" We want to keep it alive but make sure we maintain the integrity of the franchise .
We 're not about milking this thing for all that it is right now ; it 's important to see this live for years to come . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Lost showrunners Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse have made it clear that they want nothing to do with any spin - offs or continuations , but ABC executives seem to be prepared to move on without them :
" Damon and Carlton laid such groundwork , it 's going to be a challenge for us , and we have to rise to the occasion , " [ executive Marla ] Provencio says .
" We have to find different , creative and innovative ways to keep the fans happy and to keep the franchise healthy . "
Advertisement
Mike Benson compared ABC 's plans for the Lost franchise to what Paramount has been able to do with Star Trek .
Their goal is to maintain the basic premise and appeal of the show in new locations with a new cast , and this could be realized through both movies and a new TV show .
Honestly , the idea of a Lost spin - off , whether it 's called Lost : The Next Generation , AfterLost , or ( shudder ) Lo2t , sounds like a bad parody of what shameless network executives would come up with , but here we are .
Satire , you are once again obsolete .
Advertisement
[ Variety ]
The Jerusalem Post , Shabaneh , who until recentlywas in charge of the Anti-Corruption Department in the PA ’s General IntelligenceService ( GIS ) , warned that what happened in the Gaza Strip in the summer of2007 , when Hamas managed to overthrow the Fatah - controlled regime , is likely torecur in the West Bank .
“ Had it not been for the presence of the Israeli authorities in the West Bank , Hamas would have done what they did in the Gaza Strip , ” Shabaneh told the Post .
“ It ’s hard to find people in the West Bank who support the Palestinian Authority .
Peopleare fed up with the financial corruption and mismanagement of the Palestinian Authority . ”
Shabaneh said that many Palestinians in the West Bank have lost hope that the PA would one day be reformed .
“ The PalestinianAuthority is very corrupt and needs to be overhauled , ” he said .
Shabaneh cited several specific cases of alleged corruption within Fatah and the PA in the course of the interview , including asserting that Fatah personnelstole much of a $ 3.2 million donation given by the US to Fatah ahead of the2006 Palestinian parliamentary election , won by Hamas , which had been intendedto improve Fatah ’s image and boost its chances of winning .
Shabaneh , a resident of east Jerusalem who worked as a lawyer before joining the GIS as its legal adviser after thesigning of the Oslo Accords in 1993 , said he was forced to quit his anti-corruptionjob several months ago after exposing a sex scandal involving one of Abbas ’s top aides in Ramallah in 2009 .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ; Video footage and other documents presented to the Post by Shabaneh show theaide lying naked in bed after being lured to an apartment in Ramallah by aneast Jerusalem woman .
The footage shows Shabaneh and other armed security agents storming thebedroom , much to the surprise of the Abbas aide who is heard uttering : “ ThankGod it ’s you and not the Israelis . ”
Shabaneh said in the interview , the first of its kind with a high - ranking PAsecurity official , that he and his men had been operating on instructions fromtheir boss , Gen. Tawfik Tirawi , the former head of the GIS .
Tirwai , for hispart , denied that he had authorized Shabaneh to spy on the Abbas aide .
The top aide , who is one of the closest advisers to Abbas , was caught on tapemaking derogatory remarks against Abbas and Arafat .
“ President Abbas has nocharisma ” and is “ not in control , ” he was quoted as saying .
The aide was alsocaught on tape denouncing Arafat as one of the biggest dajjals ( swindlers ) .
After the revelations , which were brought to Abbas ’s attention and wereembarrassing for the PA president , Shabaneh was removed from his anti-corruptionpost and reassigned as head of the GIS ’s internal security force .
Morerecently , he was promoted to overall commander of the GIS in the area .
Shortly afterwards , however , Shabaneh was arrested by Israeli police onsuspicion of recruiting east Jerusalem residents to the GIS , spying on Israel , chasing suspected “ collaborators ” and Arabs involved in real estate deals withJews , and threatening and blackmailing the senior Abbas aide .
Shabaneh has since been released from prison and most of the charges againsthim dropped .
Today he remains under house arrest and is banned from enteringthe West Bank .
The only charge he faces todayis membership in a Palestinian military organization – a charge he claims isabsurd given the fact that about 1,200 residents of eastJerusalem serve in the various securitybranches of the PA .
Shabaneh said that he had no doubt that his arrest by Israel was carried out atthe request of “ someone high in Abbas ’s office to punish me for fightingcorruption and exposing sex scandals involving not only the senior aide , butmany other officials as well . ”
He said that the decision to arrest him and prosecute him was also absurdbecause was always aware of his work and status in the PA security forces and never didanything to him .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has surroundedhimself with many of the corrupt officials who used to work for his predecessor , Yasser Arafat , and that ’s why Hamas will one day take control of the West Bank , Fahmi Shabaneh , who was appointed by Abbas four years ago to root outcorruption in the Palestinian Authority , said on Thursday .
In an exclusive interview with , Shabaneh , who until recentlywas in charge of the Anti-Corruption Department in the PA ’s General IntelligenceService ( GIS ) , warned that what happened in the Gaza Strip in the summer of2007 , when Hamas managed to overthrow the Fatah - controlled regime , is likely torecur in the West Bank .
“ Had it not been for the presence of the Israeli authorities in the West Bank , Hamas would have done what they did in the Gaza Strip , ” Shabaneh told the .
“ It ’s hard to find people in the West Bank who support the Palestinian Authority .
Peopleare fed up with the financial corruption and mismanagement of the Palestinian Authority .
” Shabaneh said that many Palestinians in the West Bank have lost hope that the PA would one day be reformed .
“ The PalestinianAuthority is very corrupt and needs to be overhauled , ” he said .
Shabaneh cited several specific cases of alleged corruption within Fatah and the PA in the course of the interview , including asserting that Fatah personnelstole much of a $ 3.2 million donation given by the US to Fatah ahead of the2006 Palestinian parliamentary election , won by Hamas , which had been intendedto improve Fatah ’s image and boost its chances of winning .
Shabaneh , a resident of east Jerusalem who worked as a lawyer before joining the GIS as its legal adviser after thesigning of the Oslo Accords in 1993 , said he was forced to quit his anti-corruptionjob several months ago after exposing a sex scandal involving one of Abbas ’s top aides in Ramallah in 2009 .
Video footage and other documents presented to theby Shabaneh show theaide lying naked in bed after being lured to an apartment in Ramallah by aneast Jerusalem woman .
The footage shows Shabaneh and other armed security agents storming thebedroom , much to the surprise of the Abbas aide who is heard uttering : “ ThankGod it ’s you and not the Israelis .
” Shabaneh said in the interview , the first of its kind with a high - ranking PAsecurity official , that he and his men had been operating on instructions fromtheir boss , Gen. Tawfik Tirawi , the former head of the GIS .
Tirwai , for hispart , denied that he had authorized Shabaneh to spy on the Abbas aide .
The top aide , who is one of the closest advisers to Abbas , was caught on tapemaking derogatory remarks against Abbas and Arafat .
“ President Abbas has nocharisma ” and is “ not in control , ” he was quoted as saying .
The aide was alsocaught on tape denouncing Arafat as one of the biggest dajjals ( swindlers ) .
After the revelations , which were brought to Abbas ’s attention and wereembarrassing for the PA president , Shabaneh was removed from his anti-corruptionpost and reassigned as head of the GIS ’s internal security force .
Morerecently , he was promoted to overall commander of the GIS in the area .
Shortly afterwards , however , Shabaneh was arrested by Israeli police onsuspicion of recruiting east Jerusalem residents to the GIS , spying on Israel , chasing suspected “ collaborators ” and Arabs involved in real estate deals withJews , and threatening and blackmailing the senior Abbas aide .
Shabaneh has since been released from prison and most of the charges againsthim dropped .
Today he remains under house arrest and is banned from enteringthe West Bank .
The only charge he faces todayis membership in a Palestinian military organization – a charge he claims isabsurd given the fact that about 1,200 residents of eastJerusalem serve in the various securitybranches of the PA .
Shabaneh said that he had no doubt that his arrest by Israel was carried out atthe request of “ someone high in Abbas ’s office to punish me for fightingcorruption and exposing sex scandals involving not only the senior aide , butmany other officials as well .
” He said that the decision to arrest him and prosecute him was also absurdbecause was always aware of his work and status in the PA security forces and never didanything to him .
“ For many years I worked as legal adviser to the General Intelligence Apparatusand no one ever asked me anything , ” Shabaneh noted .
“ When I was commander ofthe force in the area the Israelis even used to coordinate a lot with us . ”
Shabaneh insisted that the decision to pursue corrupt officials in Abbas ’sinner circle was part of the PA president ’s declared policy to combat financialcorruption .
“ In his pre-election platform , President Abbas promised to endfinancial corruption and implement major reforms , but he has n’t done much sincethen , ” he said .
“ Unfortunately , Abbas has surrounded himself with many of thethieves and officials who were involved in theft of public funds and who becameicons of financial corruption . ”
Shabaneh said that as head of the anti-corruption unit he and his men succeededin exposing dozens of cases involving senior officials who had stolen publicfunds but were never held accountable .
“ Some of the most senior Palestinian officials did n’t have even $ 3,000 in theirpocket when they arrived [ after the signing of the Oslo Accords ] , ” Shabanehsaid .
“ Yet we discovered that some of them had tens , if not hundreds , ofmillions of dollars in their bank accounts .
“ For many years I worked as legal adviser to the General Intelligence Apparatusand no one ever asked me anything , ” Shabaneh noted .
“ When I was commander ofthe force in the area the Israelis even used to coordinate a lot with us .
” Shabaneh insisted that the decision to pursue corrupt officials in Abbas ’sinner circle was part of the PA president ’s declared policy to combat financialcorruption .
“ In his pre-election platform , President Abbas promised to endfinancial corruption and implement major reforms , but he has n’t done much sincethen , ” he said .
“ Unfortunately , Abbas has surrounded himself with many of thethieves and officials who were involved in theft of public funds and who becameicons of financial corruption .
” Shabaneh said that as head of the anti-corruption unit he and his men succeededin exposing dozens of cases involving senior officials who had stolen publicfunds but were never held accountable .
“ Some of the most senior Palestinian officials did n’t have even $ 3,000 in theirpocket when they arrived [ after the signing of the Oslo Accords ] , ” Shabanehsaid .
“ Yet we discovered that some of them had tens , if not hundreds , ofmillions of dollars in their bank accounts .
Questioned as to why he had decided to go public now , Shabaneh said : “ I ’m notcriticizing the Palestinian Authority simply because I like to criticize , butbecause I want to see a state of law , one with no room for corruption .
I wasoffered $ 100,000 not to expose the last sex scandal , but I chose not to acceptthe bribe .
I ’m the one who resigned after my arrest , because after all that I ’ve seen I no longer believe that Abbas ’s authority can be reformed .
Until today we did n’t hear about one official who wasbrought to trial for stealing money from the PA , although we had transferredmany of the cases to the Palestinian prosecutor - general . ” Questioned as to why he had decided to go public now , Shabaneh said : “ I ’m notcriticizing the Palestinian Authority simply because I like to criticize , butbecause I want to see a state of law , one with no room for corruption .
I wasoffered $ 100,000 not to expose the last sex scandal , but I chose not to acceptthe bribe .
I ’m the one who resigned after my arrest , because after all that I ’ve seen I no longer believe that Abbas ’s authority can be reformed .
Asked whether PA Prime Minister Salam Fayyad is working to establish goodgovernment , Shabaneh said : “ Salam Fayyad is a good man and I have a lot ofrespect for him .
He ’s really working to build professional institutions andgood government , but the corrupt Fatah people around Abbas are doing theirutmost to thwart his efforts . ”
He added : “ Even Abbas tried in the beginning , but the corrupt officials workingwith him did n’t allow him to make progress . ”
Shabaneh also said he had managed to track down some of the financial aid thatwent missing during and after the period of Arafat ’s death .
Asked whether PA Prime Minister Salam Fayyad is working to establish goodgovernment , Shabaneh said : “ Salam Fayyad is a good man and I have a lot ofrespect for him .
He ’s really working to build professional institutions andgood government , but the corrupt Fatah people around Abbas are doing theirutmost to thwart his efforts .
” He added : “ Even Abbas tried in the beginning , but the corrupt officials workingwith him did n’t allow him to make progress .
” Shabaneh also said he had managed to track down some of the financial aid thatwent missing during and after the period of Arafat ’s death .
“ Our investigations revealed that many of the purported land deals werefictitious transactions and we even forced one official to return more than $ 800,000 .
We had another case where a senior Fatah official and his brotherpocketed about $ 2.5 m .
which they took from Arafat under the pretext that theywanted to purchase land in the West Bank before Israel lays itshand on it .
Asked whether he believed outside donors should stop channeling funds to Abbas , he said his advice to the donor countries “ is to follow up on their donationsto examine how and where the money is being spent .
We caught some officials whostole about $ 700,000 from the donors to study the atmosphere in .
Why do we needto spend such a huge amount of money on something trivial like this when manypeople are suffering and have nothing to eat or feed their children ? ”
Was he serious about Hamas taking over the ?
“ Yes , no question about that , ” he said .
“ It will happen one day if the state ofcorruption and anarchy continue in the West Bank .
“ I discovered , for example , that several senior officialshad taken millions of dollars from the Palestinian leadership under the pretextthat they wanted to purchase land that would otherwise be confiscated by Israel , ” hesaid .
“ Our investigations revealed that many of the purported land deals werefictitious transactions and we even forced one official to return more than $ 800,000 .
We had another case where a senior Fatah official and his brotherpocketed about $ 2.5 m .
which they took from Arafat under the pretext that theywanted to purchase land in the West Bank before Israel lays itshand on it .
Asked whether he believed outside donors should stop channeling funds to Abbas , he said his advice to the donor countries “ is to follow up on their donationsto examine how and where the money is being spent .
We caught some officials whostole about $ 700,000 from the donors to study the atmosphere in .
Why do we needto spend such a huge amount of money on something trivial like this when manypeople are suffering and have nothing to eat or feed their children ?
” Was he serious about Hamas taking over the ?
“ Yes , no question about that , ” he said .
“ It will happen one day if the state ofcorruption and anarchy continue in the West Bank .
“ Why do you think Hamas kicked us out of the Gaza Strip ?
Because the peoplethere were fed up with the corruption and bad government of Fatah .
What do youthink the people in the Gaza Strip used to think when they saw a colonel in the Palestinian Authority driving in a big motorcade and surrounded by dozens ofbodyguards and assistants ?
” Did he see no chance that Fatah would reform ?
“ As long as the same corrupt guysare running the show we should n’t expect real changes , ” said Shabaneh .
“ Before the 2006 parliamentary election , the Americans gave Fatah $ 3.2 m .
toimprove the party ’s image and boost its chances of winning .
But the Fatahpeople even stole most of the money that was intended to help them improvetheir image and reputation .
These corrupt officials know no limits .
They evenused to forge Arafat ’s signature to obtain money by fraud , ” he said .
The NHS computer system has been hit by delays and cost over - runs
The government is to scale back its £ 12bn NHS IT system in what the Tories are calling a " massive U- turn " .
Chancellor Alistair Darling said he would be delaying parts of the scheme in Wednesday 's pre-Budget Report as it was " not essential to the front line " .
The move may save hundreds of millions but Mr Darling admitted it was only a fraction of total spending cuts needed .
The Tories and Lib Dems have been calling for the IT system , which has been hit by costly delays , to be axed .
Mr Darling told BBC One 's Andrew Marr show he was determined to halve Britain 's budget deficit over the next four years and as a result public spending would be " a lot tighter than it was in the past " .
He stressed that the pre-Budget report was not a spending review , but added : " I do think it is necessary for me to indicate areas where we are going to cut spending or where we 're not going to spend as much as we were .
It has held back the development of IT at a local level , cost billions and is running years behind schedule
Norman Lamb MP
Liberal Democrats
" For example , the NHS had a quite expensive IT system that , frankly , is n't essential to the front line .
" It 's something I think we do n't need to go ahead with just now . "
He said the full picture of cuts would not emerge until " the first half of next year at some point " - a reference to the comprehensive spending review , which the government has delayed until after an election .
' Procurement disaster '
Treasury officials have stressed that only part of the NHS IT programme is facing the axe , and the whole project will not be scrapped .
WHAT IS THE IT PROGRAMME ?
The vision is for patients ' records to be electronically available to any GP or hospital in England , thereby replacing local NHS computer systems
Other services include electronic prescriptions , an e-mail and directory service for all NHS staff , computer accessible X - rays and a facility for patients to book outpatient appointments online
It is the largest single IT investment in UK - costs are expected to hit £ 12.4 bn over 10 years to 2013 - 14 But the Conservatives said Mr Darling 's words represented a " massive U- turn " .
Shadow Health Secretary Andrew Lansley said it was " another government IT procurement disaster " .
" After seven years Labour have finally acknowledged what we 've said for years , that the procurement for NHS IT was costing billions and not delivering , " he said .
The electronic patient record system , which is thought to have cost about £ 12bn so far , was commissioned in 2002 by then prime minister Tony Blair , and was meant to be completed by 2010 .
It was supposed to computerise medical records in a central database and link up more than 30,000 GPs to nearly 300 hospitals .
Mr Lansley told BBC One 's Politics
Show the Tories would scrap the " enormous centralised IT system " and instead give hospitals " the opportunity to buy IT systems " that could transfer images , patient records and prescriptions electronically .
It comes as the Conservatives called for a moratorium on all government computer projects , ahead of the publication of the government 's five - year IT strategy later this week .
They say Labour has spent £ 100bn on IT since 1997 and contracts worth another £ 70bn are due to be renewed or commissioned in the next two years .
' Essential tool '
The Liberal Democrats said the NHS programme had been " flawed from the start " .
The party 's health spokesman , Norman Lamb , said : " It has held back the development of IT at a local level , cost billions and is running years behind schedule . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But Dr Grant Ingrams , from the British Medical Association , said the system currently scheduled to come into effect would result in the NHS saving money .
" It 's an essential tool for clinicians , for doctors and other staff to be able to treat patients , " he said .
" The NHS pays out a third of a billion pounds a year on mistakes ; a lot of that could be put right if the IT was in place . "
Tony Collins , executive editor of Computer Weekly magazine , said the government should scrap central contracts .
" What they 've done is to set up these very large , central contracts which have an intermediary who delivers the systems to the trusts , " he said .
" They could save money by cancelling those central contracts and giving trusts the ability to choose what systems they want . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The suspect , who is not known to the victim , was described as a black man , 18 to 23 years old , about 6 feet tall , dark complexioned , and wearing a gray hoodie and blue jeans at the time of the robbery , police said .
I 've been writing the Moose section of the Modern Perl book for the past week .
Stevan ( and other people ) suggested that I explain how to create and use objects in Perl with Moose before explaining the bare - bones blessed reference approach .
They were right .
I 'm assuming that readers do n't necessarily have the theoretical understanding of how objects work and why , of why Liskov substitutability is important , of what allomorphism means , and why polymorphism and encapsulation are much more interesting than inheritance .
I do n't even assume that readers know any of those words .
Yet I 've noticed something far more interesting .
The standard approach to teaching Perl 5 OO ( at least , the one approach I 've seen that works ) builds on the Perl 5 implementation ideas .
That is to say , " a class is a package , a method is a subroutine , and an object is a blessed reference " .
If you know how to work with references in Perl 5 , you can use Perl 5 objects .
That 's true in the sense that a blessed hash reference is still a hash reference .
That 's false in the sense that treating an object as a struct with a vtable pointer is a terrible way to write robust OO .
( I should know ; I 've been hip deep in multiple implementations . )
I like a lot of things about Moose , but what I appreciate most from a didactic standpoint is that I can explain object attributes :
{ package Cat ; use Moose ; has ' name ' , is => ' ro ' , isa => ' Str ' ; has ' diet ' , is => ' rw ' , isa => ' Str ' ; has ' birth_year ' , is => ' ro ' , isa => ' Int ' , default => ( localtime ) [ 5 ] + 1900 ; }
... and it does n't occur to readers that they can poke into a Cat instance directly ( even though they can ) .
Moose encourages people to do the right thing by using accessors and respecting encapsulation and polymorphism and allomorphism and substitution by making something different -- encapsulated access to instance data -- look different from the well - understood mechanism of its implementation .
Objects may still be blessed hashes , but users treat them differently because they have different expectations .
In writing the examples for this chapter , I changed the implementation of the class to make correctness easier ( and to discuss the value of immutable objects ) .
The refactoring was trivial , thanks to Moose features , but the interface of the class could stay the same , thanks to Moose 's subtle encouragement to program to an encapsulated interface .
I always enjoy encountering such a serendipity in code , and I made sure to mention it in the book .
The Perl world needs more such serendipities .
From an ancient Peruvian civilization comes this warning :
Do n't chop down all your trees , or there will be hell to pay .
The Nazca people are famous for the enormous earthworks they carved into an arid plateau , in designs that range from simple geometrical forms to representations of animals like hummingbirds , lizards , and monkeys .
They were previously known to have disappeared around A.D. 500 , when massive floods powered by El Niño ravaged the valley where they made their home .
Now , a new study that examined the pollen in buried layers of soil in order to trace the horticultural history of the land may have revealed why those floods were so devastating .
The Ica Valley , about 120 miles south of Lima , is barren today but was once a riverine oasis -- a fertile landscape capable of supporting many people .
The key to that fertility was a tree called the huarango [ Los Angeles Times ]
.
The huarango tree provided wood for building and fuel , and seed pods that can be ground up and used in flour or beer .
Its branches caught the water in morning mists , and its roots stabilized the topsoil .
Says lead researcher David Beresford - Jones :
" These were very special forests ....
It is the ecological keystone species in the desert zone enhancing soil fertility and moisture and underpinning the floodplain with one of the deepest root systems of any tree known " [ BBC News ] .
The new study , published in the journal Latin American Antiquity , found that the pollen in the older layers of soil came almost entirely from huarango trees .
But by A.D. 400 , pollen from corn and cotton plants had replaced the tree pollen , suggesting that the Nazca people had chopped down the forests to make room for agricultural fields .
About AD 500 , a major El Niño built up in the Pacific , deluging the nearby Andes with rain .
Walls of water and mud washed down the valley and over the denuded landscape , sweeping away food crops , buildings and artifacts .
Beresford - Jones compared it with the 1997 - 98 El Niño , which left the city of Ica 6 feet underwater [ Los Angeles Times ] .
The floods of A.D. 500 were many times worse , the researchers say .
In the soil layers that came directly after the flood , the only pollen came from salt - tolerant plants that could survive in the arid conditions left behind in the aftermath of the natural disaster .
The land was clearly no longer able to support agriculture , and the Nazca people vanished .
But although the El Niño floods were dramatic , they did n't have to mark the end of a civilization , the researchers say .
" The landscape only became exposed to the catastrophic effects of that El Nino flood , once people had inadvertently crossed an ecological threshold , " explains Dr Beresford - Jones .
" Such thresholds or ' tipping - points ' are sharply defined in these desert environments " [ BBC News ] .
The study refutes the notion that pre-Columbian people always lived in perfect harmony with nature , the researchers say -- and also serves as a reminder that medding with the ecosystem can have devastating consequences .
Related Content : 80 beats : Global Warming May Have Helped Make the Incas Mighty 80 beats : Andean People Discovered Mercury Mining — and Mercury Pollution — in 1400 B.C. 80 beats : Researchers Find the Lost “ Garden Cities ” of the Ancient AmazonImage : Alex Chepstow - Lusty
This article was reported by John Markoff , David E. Sanger and Thom Shanker , and written by Mr. Sanger .
WASHINGTON — On a Monday morning earlier this month , top Pentagon leaders gathered to simulate how they would respond to a sophisticated cyberattack aimed at paralyzing the nation ’s power grids , its communications systems or its financial networks .
The results were dispiriting .
The enemy had all the advantages : stealth , anonymity and unpredictability .
No one could pinpoint the country from which the attack came , so there was no effective way to deter further damage by threatening retaliation .
What ’s more , the military commanders noted that they even lacked the legal authority to respond — especially because it was never clear if the attack was an act of vandalism , an attempt at commercial theft or a state - sponsored effort to cripple the United States , perhaps as a prelude to a conventional war .
What some participants in the simulation knew — and others did not — was that a version of their nightmare had just played out in real life , not at the Pentagon where they were meeting , but in the far less formal war rooms at Google Inc.
Computers at Google and more than 30 other companies had been penetrated , and Google ’s software engineers quickly tracked the source of the attack to seven servers in Taiwan , with footprints back to the Chinese mainland .
After that , the trail disappeared into a cloud of angry Chinese government denials , and then an ugly exchange of accusations between Washington and Beijing .
That continued Monday , with Chinese assertions that critics were trying to “ denigrate China ” and that the United States was pursuing “ hegemonic domination ” in cyberspace .
President Barack Obama said Friday that he welcomes bipartisan proposals to give him a line - item veto .
During an appearance at House Republicans ' retreat in Baltimore , Obama was generally receptive to a question from Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - Wis. ) , on whether he'd welcome using a line - item veto .
" With respect to the line item veto , I do n't think there 's a president out there who would n't love to have it , " Obama told the group of House Republicans during a question - and - answer session at the retreat .
Ryan has worked with Sen. Russ Feingold ( D - Wis. ) to advance a piece of legislation on the line - item veto , and the question comes as Obama has stressed deficits in his latest State of the Union address and budgets .
The line - item veto had been established legislatively during President Bill Clinton 's administration , but it was struck down by the Supreme Court as unconstitutional .
The Feingold - Ryan proposal would seek to pass constitutional muster .
" I do n't like being held up with big bills that have stuff in them that are wasteful , but I 've got to sign because it's a defense authorization , " Obama said .
" I would love to see more restraint within Congress .
But I 'm willing to have a serious conversation on the line - item vetoing . "
Yet Holmes ’s vagueness and incompleteness on the page are what make him so irresistible as a pop figure , on whom we can project our own interpretation .
A lot of what we know , or think we know , about him  the deerstalker hat , the cloaks , the catchphrase “ Elementary , my dear Watson ”  comes not from the texts at all but from subsequent imaginings of him , the movies especially .
By now there have been more than 200 film or TV versions of Holmes , and the actors who have played him on screen or stage include John Barrymore , Raymond Massey , Ian Richardson , Jeremy Brett , George C. Scott , Stewart Granger , Charlton Heston , Roger Moore and , improbably , Larry Hagman and Leonard Nimoy .
The most influential , the one whose Holmes lingers in the mind as an anti-version of Mr. Downey ’s , is Basil Rathbone , who was a movie Holmes from 1939 to 1946 , and who imprinted on us such seemingly essential Holmesian traits as the high , brainy forehead ; the slick , swept - back hair ; the languid , aristocratic bearing ; the supercilious putdowns .
That ’s the imperturbable image that remained more or less unshakable until Nicol Williamson cracked the mold with his hyper , drug - crazed Holmes in “ The Seven - Per - Cent Solution , ” Herbert Ross ’s 1976 adaptation of the Nicholas Meyer novel .
Image ON TV Jeremy Brett as Holmes in a Granada Television series running from 1984 to 1994 .
Credit ...
Granada
In 1985 we got “ Young Sherlock Holmes , ” directed by Barry Levinson , in which the teenage Holmes turned out , in retrospect , to have been a sort of proto - Harry Potter .
That movie was produced by Steven Spielberg , whose “ Indiana Jones ” - like fingerprints are all over the Ritchie film .
To say that our image of Holmes has evolved in ways that reflect changes in our understanding of the character is probably a stretch .
More likely he has evolved simply because movies have evolved , and our appreciation of him now entails a large chunk of film history .
The plot of the new movie echoes both “ The Da Vinci Code ” and the Nicolas Cage “ National Treasure ” movies .
The wisecracking relationship between Holmes and Watson ( here played engagingly , and not as an old duffer , by Jude Law ) may now remind viewers of Butch Cassidy and Sundance .
The pratfalling Mr. Downey , forgoing a deerstalker for a bowler or a slouch hat , inevitably evokes his earlier movie impersonation of Chaplin , who , as it happens , appeared in one of the early Holmes silents .
Mr. Ritchie ’s London is a phony London , one where the wind on the Thames seems to blow in different directions at once .
The real thing was never this rainy , murky or steampunky .
But his is also the best - looking London that any on - screen Holmes has ever inhabited , and a reminder that part of the appeal of the books and stories was their atmosphere .
On the other hand , the oddest thing about the movie is that Holmes is here lovable and endearing in a way that he has seldom , if ever , been before .
Endearingness used to be the Watson trait  on film , anyway ; in the books Watson is mostly just a straight man .
One of the characters in the Ritchie film remarks that there is a fragility beneath all Holmes ’s logic and ratiocination , and it ’s true .
Mr. Downey ’s character is as needy as he is superior .
He still delights in showing off his cleverness but less out of snobbery than because he can’t help himself .
He lives for an audience .
The boredom , the lassitude , the hint of substance abuse , the violin playing ( or plucking : for much of the time , Holmes seems to have lost his bow ) are all here , but his problem appears to be less mental than physical .
He requires a case not so much to exercise his formidable intellect as to get himself out of the house so he can dart around , throw some punches , wear disguises , wind up nude and shackled to the bedposts .
His frustration , you ca n’t help feeling , might stem from the fact that in the Victorian age , the proper vocation for him has n’t yet been invented .
He ’s someone who needs to be in the movies .
Jamie Zawinski
Note : this post has a follow up here ( link ) .
I am just done reading the first interview of “ Coders at Work ” ( link ) , the one with Jamie Zawinski ( link ) .
And he says quite a few things that resonate with me .
Not knowing something does n’t mean you ’re dumb - it just means you do n’t know it yet .
A good principle to always keep in mind and to apply both to oneself and to others .
“ Aaah , I do n’t know anything !
I ’m an idiot !
How did I bluff my way into this ? ”
I ’m like this all the time .
Then there was another book that everybody thought was the greatest thing ever in that same period - Design Patterns - which I just thought was crap .
It was just like , programming via cut and paste .
Rather than thinking through your task you looked through the recipe book and found something that maybe , kinda , sorta felt like it , and then just aped it .
That ’s not programming ; that ’s a coloring book .
But a lot of people seemed to love it .
Then in meetings they ’d be tossing around all this terminology they got out of that book .
Like , the inverse , reverse , double - back - flip pattern - whatever .
Oh , you mean a loop ?
OK .
I do n’t like that book either , but I have more problems with the people who liked the book than with the book itself .
Hopefully I have n’t seen much around lately .
Finally , here is another one , taken from Jamie ’s response ( link ) to Joel Spolsky ’s “ The Duct Tape Programmer ” ( link ) and the comments surrounding it :
People always want to get in fights over the specifics like “ what ’s wrong with templates ? ” without realizing the historical context .
Guess what , you young punks , templates did n’t work in 1994 .
I should start my sentences with “ guess what , you young punks ” more often , that totally drives the point across .
VVVVVV got leaked on 4 chan 🙁
I ’m really , really shaken up about it and I do n’t know what the hell I ’m going to do .
Nothing , I guess .
There ’s nothing I can do .
I ’m pretty upset .
I ’m going to try to finally get the game out for the end of the week .
With moving and everything I ’m a bit behind schedule …
sorry , I do n’t know what else to say right now …
[ edit ]
I ’m changing the donation conditions – beta access is no longer available , and the patron list is final .
If you still wanna preorder though , that ’s fine .
I ’m working as fast as I can to get this out .
Gary Campbell , a Loch Ness - i szörny hivatalos rajongói klubjának elnöke szerint , a Nessieről szóló utolsó megbízható beszámoló alapján az " állatot " 2009 .
június 6 - án , a tó mentén álló Clansman Hotel partszakaszánál látták utoljára .
Campbell szerint az ilyesfajta beszámolók ma már rendkívül ritkák .
" Ezért könnyebbültünk meg ennyire amikor hallottunk a felbukkanásáról .
Június előtt ugyanis már egy éve senki sem látta " - mondta Campbell .
" Ha akkor nem hallunk róla , most már nagyon aggódnánk .
Tíz évvel ezelőtt még rengeteg beszámolót kaptunk , de az elmúlt két - három évben már csak nagyon keveset .
Az pedig , hogy mennyire tekintünk megbízhatónak egy ilyen forrást , nagyban függ a szemtanú személyétől " - tette hozzá .
A legutóbbi jelentés egy helyi férfitól származik .
Vagyis meg tudja különböztetni Nessie-t a hajósodor okozta hullámoktól , a nyáron felbukkanó fókáktól és a tavon úszkáló törmelékektől - magyarázta Campbell .
A 2009 - es év során egyébként számos , kevésbé megbízható bizonyíték is felbukkant .
Ilyen volt például a brit Halló , halló !
című darab színészgárdájának hanglokátoros vizsgálata , amelynek során öt titokzatos boltíves formát fedeztek fel Dores városa és az Urquhart - kastély között , valamint az a kézi kamerás felvétel , amelyen egy kocsi fényszórójával világítanak rá a feltételezett szörnyre .
A MonsterQuest dokumentumsorozat Halál a Loch Nessnél című , 2009 - es epizódja azonban már a szörny esetleges halálával foglalkozik .
A műsorban Robert Rhines kutató amellett érvel , hogyha Nessie valóban létezett , akkor mára biztosan elpusztult , és a tó mélyén fekvő maradványait könnyen fel lehet kutatni .
Campbell azt reméli , hogy az újonnan érkező beszámolók megcáfolják majd ezt az elméletet .
Ha az emberek elhiszik , hogy a szörny meghalt , az a turizmusra is komoly hatással lehet .
Mindegy , hogy hiszünk-e vagy sem a létezésében , a Loch Ness - i szörny az egyik legfontosabb látványosságunk - mondta .
Virginia is robbing Peter to pay Paul because it is plain flat out broke .
Bankrupt is probably a better word .
To pay unemployment benefits , Virginia will borrow $ 1.26 billion and pay it back plus interest by jacking up unemployment taxes .
Please consider Va. to borrow $ 1.26 billion for depleted unemployment funds .
As Virginia wrestles with ways to replenish its depleted fund for unemployment benefits , Hampton Roads employers expressed concern about the impact that higher unemployment taxes could have on the health of their businesses .
The sorts of tax increases described by the Virginia Employment Commission earlier this fall may be difficult for some small businesses to absorb without job cuts , said Jim Shirley , owner of Bennett 's Creek Farm Market in Suffolk .
The state 's average unemployment tax per employee will jump from $ 95 this year to $ 171 in 2010 and to $ 263 by 2012 , the VEC said in a Sept. 29 presentation to the Commission on Unemployment Compensation .
For small retailers , the financial pressure from weak sales and higher unemployment taxes could be intense , Miller said .
" You 've got to have someone in the store , and if you 're down to one person in the store , you ca n't cut any more . "
In addition to boosting unemployment taxes on employers , Virginia will have to borrow more than $ 1.26 billion from the federal government in coming years to continue paying jobless benefits , the VEC said in its forecast .
That 's because the deficit in its unemployment - benefits fund will hit $ 194 million by the end of this year and balloon to $ 561 million by the end of 2010 , the VEC said .
Two dozen states , including North Carolina , South Carolina , New York and Texas , have already borrowed about $ 21 billion from the federal government to pay jobless benefits , according to the Labor Department .
One problem with borrowing to pay jobless benefits , the VEC noted , is that interest payments on this debt cannot come from the unemployment trust fund or from federal money .
The interest payments on its $ 1.26 billion of projected borrowing are likely to total $ 36.7 million and come from general state funds , the VEC said in its September report .
Yet Another Reason To Not Hire
Local governments fork over billions in fees on investments gone bad
Detroit Mayor Dave
Bing is struggling to save his city from fiscal calamity .
Unemployment is at a record 28 percent and rising , while home prices have plunged 39 percent since 2007 .
Against that bleak backdrop , Wall Street is squeezing one of America 's weakest cities for every penny it can .
A few years ago , Detroit struck a derivatives deal with UBS and other banks that allowed it to save more than $ 2 million a year in interest on $ 800 million worth of bonds .
But the fine print carried a potentially devastating condition .
If the city 's credit rating dropped , the banks could opt out of the deal and demand a sizable breakup fee .
That 's precisely what happened in January :
After years of fiscal trouble , Detroit saw its credit rating slashed to junk .
Suddenly the sputtering Motor City was on the hook for a $ 400 million tab .
During late - night strategy sessions , Joseph L. Harris , Detroit's then - chief financial officer , scoured the budget for spare dollars , going so far as to cut expenditures on water and electricity .
" I figured the [ utility ] would n't turn out our lights , " says Harris .
But there was n't enough cash , and in June the city set up a payment plan with the banks .
Detroit Mayor Dave
Bing is struggling to save his city from fiscal calamity .
Unemployment is at a record 28 percent and rising , while home prices have plunged 39 percent since 2007 .
The 66 - year - old Bing , a former NBA all - star with the Detroit Pistons who took office 10 months ago , faces a $ 300 million budget deficit — and few ways to make up the difference .
Against that bleak backdrop , Wall Street is squeezing one of America 's weakest cities for every penny it can .
A few years ago , Detroit struck a derivatives deal with UBS and other banks that allowed it to save more than $ 2 million a year in interest on $ 800 million worth of bonds .
But the fine print carried a potentially devastating condition .
If the city 's credit rating dropped , the banks could opt out of the deal and demand a sizable breakup fee .
That 's precisely what happened in January :
After years of fiscal trouble , Detroit saw its credit rating slashed to junk .
Suddenly the sputtering Motor City was on the hook for a $ 400 million tab .
During late - night strategy sessions , Joseph L. Harris , Detroit's then - chief financial officer , scoured the budget for spare dollars , going so far as to cut expenditures on water and electricity .
" I figured the [ utility ] would n't turn out our lights , " says Harris .
But there was n't enough cash , and in June the city set up a payment plan with the banks .
Now Detroit must use the revenues from its three casinos — MGM Grand Detroit , Greektown Casino , and MotorCity Casino — to cover a $ 4.2 million monthly payment to the banks before a single cent can go to schools , transportation , and other critical services .
" The economic crisis has forced us to move quickly and redefine what services a city can and should provide , " says Bing .
" While we face a tough road ahead , I believe we 're on the right path . "
UBS declined to comment .
Detroit is n't suffering alone .
Across the nation , local governments and related public entities , already reeling from the recession , face another fiscal crisis : billions of dollars in fees owed to UBS , Goldman Sachs and other financial giants on investment deals gone wrong .
Now , as many of those deals sour , Wall Street is ramping up its efforts to collect from Main Street .
" The banks stuffed customers with [ questionable investments ] and then extorted money from the customers to get rid of them , " says Christopher Whalen , managing director at research firm Institutional Risk Analytics .
The New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority , for instance , must pay nearly $ 1 million a month at least until December 2011 to Goldman Sachs on derivatives deals tied to municipal debt — even though the state retired the debt last year .
The Chicago Transit Authority , having entered into complex arrangements to lease its equipment to outside investors and then lease it back , could face termination fees of $ 30 million .
The investors could collect penalties because American International Group , which backed the arrangement , has seen its credit rating tumble .
Detroit's Easy Solution
Henrik Sedin Center - VAN GOALS : 19 | ASST : 36 | PTS : 55
SOG : 87 | +/-: 14
Ilya Bryzgalov Goalie - PHX RECORD : 22-11-4
GAA : 2.03 | SVP : 0.927
Patrick Kane Right Wing - CHI GOALS : 17 | ASST : 31 | PTS : 48
SOG : 135 | +/-: 17
-- Vancouver Canucks center Henrik Sedin Phoenix Coyotes goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov and Chicago Blackhawks right wing Patrick Kane have been named the NHL ' Three Stars ' for December .
Sedin led all scorers with 25 points ( five goals , 20 assists ) in 15 games , helping the Canucks go 10 - 4 - 1 and move into contention for the Northwest Division lead .
Sedin recorded points in all but one game in December and began the month with multiple assists in six consecutive games , capped by a three - assist effort in a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Wild Dec. 12 .
He earned First Star honors for a three - point performance ( one goal , two assists ) in a 4 - 1 win over Nashville Dec. 22 , snapping the Predators ' streak of seven games without a regulation loss , and concluded the month by scoring the game - tying goal with 1:56 remaining in regulation of what became a 4 - 3 overtime win over the St. Louis Blues Dec. 31 .
Sedin , who earned his second consecutive selection to the Swedish Olympic Team Dec. 27 , ranks second in the NHL scoring race with 55 points ( 19 goals , 36 assists ) in 42 games .
Bryzgalov posted an 8 - 2 - 3 record with a 1.82 goals - against average , .939 save percentage and two shutouts , helping the Coyotes finish the month in second place in the Pacific Division and fourth in the Western Conference .
Bryzgalov allowed two or fewer goals in 10 of 13 starts , highlighted by a season - high 37 saves in a 2 - 1 win over the Western Conference - leading San Jose Sharks Dec. 12 and shutout victories over the Minnesota Wild ( 28 saves , Dec. 7 ) and Anaheim Ducks ( 21 saves , Dec. 23 ) .
Named to the Russian Olympic Team Dec. 25 , Bryzgalov ranks among NHL goaltending leaders in shutouts ( T - first , five ) , goals - against average ( third , 2.03 ) , save percentage ( fourth , .927 ) and victories ( T - fourth , 22 - 11 - 4 ) .
Kane was the leading scorer on the red - hot Blackhawks with 20 points ( eight goals , 12 assists ) , helping the club post an 11 - 4 - 0 record .
The 21 - year - old Buffalo native tallied points in 13 of 15 games , including a pair of six - game streaks .
He notched the game - winning goal in victories over the Detroit Red Wings ( 3 - 0 , Dec. 23 ) and Nashville Predators ( 4 - 1 , Dec. 26 and 5 - 4 , Dec. 27 ) , becoming the first Blackhawks player with game - winners in three consecutive games since Murray Craven accomplished the feat from Dec. 26 - 29 , 1995 .
Leading his club in goals ( 17 ) and points ( 48 ) , Kane has notched points in eight consecutive games , in 14 of his past 15 and 26 of his past 30 .
He was selected to represent the United States at the 2010 Olympic Winter Games on Jan. 1 .
It 's total pie - in - sky speculation , completely lacking in serious evidence or even vague " sources familiar with the matter , " but for some reason , after two and a half years of hard rumoring , analysts seem more sure than ever that Amazon is looking into a Netflix acquisition .
Netflix just announced some pretty attractive quarterly earnings , along with some nice hard numbers : it added one million subscribers in Q4 to notch itself past the 12 million mark , and 48 % of its customers streamed at least 15 minutes of video off of Instant Watch -- compared to 28 % a year ago .
The logic goes that Amazon 's looking to position itself as a digital goods purveyor , and Netflix is doing a bang up job of that very thing .
Sounds just fine to us , but if Amazon tries to lock us into E Ink Netflix streaming on the Kindle , some heads are going to roll .
There 's naturally no comment from Netflix or Amazon on the speculation .
[ Thanks , Steve H. ]
Gender and Climate Change Poor Women Bear Brunt of Global Warming
With the world struggling to come up with an agreement ahead of December 's Climate Change Summit in Copenhagen , one important fact has been overlooked : Women are hit hardest by the extreme weather shifts , according to a new UN report .
Europol , the European Union ’s law enforcement arm against organized crime , announced on Wednesday that carbon - trading fraud has cost the bloc ’s governments $ 7.4 billion in lost tax revenue over the last 18 months .
“ We have an ongoing investigation , ’’ said Soren Pedersen , Europol ’s chief spokesman , in a telephone interview on Thursday from The Hague .
“ We ’re afraid the fraud is not completely finished yet , unfortunately .
But it ’s positive to see that actions are being taken and we hope soon it will disappear . ”
Four Six member countries have changed their tax codes to protect against a recurrence , the agency said .
The fraud involved adding the European Union ’s value - added tax to the price of carbon dioxide permits sold to businesses .
Fraudulent brokers then disappeared before turning the tax over to the government , according to Europol .
Many polluting businesses in Europe are required to buy the permits , which are part of a cap - and - trade system to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and combat global warming .
A similar system is under consideration in the United States .
Europol , whose full name is European Law Enforcement Organization Cooperation , said that France , the Netherlands , Britain , and most recently , Spain have suspended or otherwise altered the application of value - added tax on carbon emissions permits .
Belgium and Denmark are also changing their codes , Mr. Pederson said .
The idea is to require the seller of the credits , rather than the buyer , to pay the tax .
Such moves have resulted in a 90 percent decline in trading volume .
The agency ’s announcement comes four months after British customs officials arrested seven people suspected of dodging taxes that should have been paid for selling the carbon permits .
Whether more such arrests were coming Mr. Pedersen would not say , but he suggested that the amount stated in that case did not represent the full amount Britain has lost to fraud .
“ That was some time ago , ” he said .
Europol also said on Wednesday that it had since begun collecting and analyzing trading information with the cooperation of Belgium , Denmark , France , the Netherlands , Spain and Britain to help stop fraud .
The agency warned that organized criminals might soon move toward the gas and electricity markets as the tax laws for carbon markets tighten .
“ These criminal activities endanger the credibility of the European Union emission - trading system and lead to the loss of significant tax revenue for governments , ’’ Rob Wainwright , director of Europol , said in a statement .
Europol said it noted suspicious trading in late 2008 when several trading markets had unprecedented rises in volume .
That peaked in May of this year .
The European Union market , created in 2005 , has been criticized for volatility and for rewarding some of the largest utilities with windfall profits .
This year , some analysts said the market was finally showing signs of working , by pushing companies to switch to cleaner technologies , like using natural gas instead of coal , to produce electricity .
In Europe , there are six trading platforms , in Britain , Norway , Germany , Austria , the Netherlands and France .
The European Union ’s cap - and - trade carbon market , created to reduce climate - changing emissions , is worth about $ 132 billion a year , Europol says .
The Los Angeles Times / USC College of Letters , Arts and Sciences poll is based on a random sample survey of 1,500 registered voters in California conducted between Oct. 27 and Nov. 3 .
All interviews were done by telephone using live interviewers from EMH Research , based in Sacramento .
Subjects were randomly selected from a list of registered voters statewide and were reached on land lines or cellphones depending on the numbers they designated on their voter registrations .
The percentage of cellphone respondents in the study matches the percentage of those who list a cellphone as their primary phone on the voter file .
Bilingual dialers gave respondents the option of taking the survey in English or Spanish .
Up to five attempts were made to reach and interview each randomly selected voter .
In order to include a wider range of questions in this study within the allotted time , some batteries of related questions were split into random half - samples of 750 voters each .
Upon completion of the interviewing , the results were weighted slightly to more accurately reflect the total population of registered voters throughout the state .
Weighting was done to regional and demographic characteristics according to known census estimates and voter file projections ; party registration was weighted to match the 2009 report from the California Secretary of State ’s office .
The margin of sampling error for results based on the overall sample of 1,500 registered voters is +/- 2.6 percentage points at the 95 % confidence level .
The margin of error for the findings from each half - sample of 750 registered voters is +/- 3.6 percentage points .
This survey was conducted for the Los Angeles Times and the University of Southern California College of Letters , Arts and Sciences by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner in conjunction with Public Opinion Strategies , both based in Washington , D.C .
London , England --
He 's no Wyclef Jean or George Clooney , but that has n't stopped seven - year - old Charlie Simpson from raising more than £ 150,000 ( $ 240,000 ) for the Haiti earthquake .
Simpson from Fulham , west London had hoped to raise just £ 500 for UNICEF 's earthquake appeal by cycling eight kilometers ( five miles ) around a local park .
" My name is Charlie Simpson .
I want to do a sponsored bike ride for Haiti because there was a big earthquake and loads of people have lost their lives , " said Simpson on his JustGiving page , a fundraising site which launched his efforts .
" I want to make some money to buy food , water and tents for everyone in Haiti , " he said .
Donate to Charlie Simpson 's Haiti fundraising page
And with that simple call , messages of support flooded the site .
" Such a big heart for a young boy , you 're a little star ! " wrote one supporter .
" Well done Charlie .
A real celebrity , " said another .
More donations began pouring in after the story caught the attention of the British media -- with many cheering Simpson past the £ 100,000 mark .
Even British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is spreading the message .
His " Downing Street " Twitter alias said : " Amazed by response to the great fundraising efforts of 7 yr old Charlie Simpson for the people of Haiti . "
David Bull , UNICEF 's UK executive director described Simpson 's efforts as " very bold and innovative . "
" It shows he connects with and not only understands what children his own age must be going through in Haiti , " Bull said in a press statement .
" The little seed -- his idea -- that he has planted has grown rapidly and his is a place well deserved in the humanitarian world .
" On behalf of the many children in Haiti , I thank Charlie for his effort . "
Money raised by Simpson will go towards UNICEF 's Haiti Earthquake Children 's Appeal which will provide water , sanitation , education , nutrition as well as support child protection .
How is it possible that Facebook gamesmaker Zynga will turn in 2009 revenues approaching a reported $ 250 million -- making 90 % of its money selling gamers nothing but virtual goods ?
The answer we 've given before is that , like arcade games from the 1980s , Zynga 's social games charge people small amounts of money to reduce friction in games they are addicted to .
But instead of paying another quarter for another life the way arcade gamers do , social gamers buy sub-machine guns in " Mafia Wars , " and new farmland in " FarmVille " in order to level - up .
But while this answer is technically correct , it leaves us cold .
Worse , this answer does n't make much sense if you 've never actually seen a Facebook game .
It leaves us asking : Really ?
So , in order to figure out how these social games actually work -- and make money -- we decided to suck it up and get addicted to one .
We picked FishVille , the latest hit from Zynga .
It came out only in November , but already its monthly active users are up to 20 million people .
It grew 4.68 million in the last week alone , according to Inside Social Games 's AppData .
The object of FishVille is to build a magnificent virtual aquarium , full of spectacular fish and designer decorations .
The way you do it is spending fake money to buy small fish for one price , and then , after tending to them for a few hours or days , selling them for more fake money then you paid .
Then you use that money to buy more fish .
If you want to speed your progress , you buy fake money with real money .
We 'd explain more , but it 's really just easier to show you how it works .
2010 will mark a number of key decisions for NASA , not least the potential switch from the current Ares I /V architecture to an alternative mix of commerical crew launch – accompanied by a new heavy lift workhorse .
A decision is expected to be announced early in the new year by President Obama , although at least three heavy lift vehicles – including a huge 200mt vehicle – were still being classed as options ahead of the Christmas break .
Waiting for a decision :
Following the Augustine Commission ’s review into the future of NASA ’s Human Space Flight program , speculation has been rife as to what the President will announce .
Such uncertainty has not helped the workforce , most of whom are concerned about still having a job as the shuttle program winds down .
That uncertainty is palpable in the Shuttle Program , with some managers – rightly in most cases – avoiding NASA politics with regards to direction on issues such as extending the shuttle program .
However , some managers continue to state shuttle extension is no longer possible , citing lead times on “ new ” external tanks , such timelines that are based solely on a 2015 extension of the program , a scenario that adds flights past the hypothetical STS - 137 .
A 2012 extension remains viable via the part built tanks ( ET - 139 / ET - 140 ) , added to the use of ET - 122 on STS - 135 and Soyuz LON ( Launch On Need ) support for the final mission , yet the clock is well and truly ticking on that viability .
The aforementioned part built tanks are not relevant to the lead times of up to three years , which some managers continue to cite .
Such timelines have originated from managers at the Marshall Space Flight Center ( MSFC ) , who are closely tied to Ares , whereas managers at the Michoud Assembly Facility ( MAF ) cite SMRT documentation that shows no ET machinery has been scrapped , with lead times around half of that stated by MSFC .
Protecting shuttle assets – at least for the current manifest that is likely to include the addition of STS - 135 – was noted by SSP ( Space Shuttle Program ) manager John Shannon , during his end of year address to his workforce .
“ We have all worked extremely hard this last year , and we face a challenging year ahead of us .
Thanks to the Team for all of its effort this past year .
We overcame a great deal of adversity and performed in an outstanding manner , ” noted Mr Shannon on the Shuttle Stand - up / Integration report ( L2 ) .
“ There will be more challenges in the coming year , both from a technical and a human capital standpoint .
We have to maintain our focus .
There is a great deal of discussion going on concerning what the future will entail , but we must be sure that we do not get distracted from the mission at hand .
The work ahead is very clear cut .
“ ( I have ) been assured by all of NASA ’s Senior Management that the changes being discussed are prefaced by clear statements that any impacts to Shuttle will not be allowed .
The SSP will have all the resources needed to complete the mission .
There will not be any constraints or unsafe conditions applied , nor any checks and balances lost , through any of the changes being discussed .
“ There will be no idea where SSP will be from a budget - standpoint until the February timeframe .
As information comes out during the coming months , we must remain focused .
If we do not execute properly over the next year , there will be no future for us .
We must do it right .
We ’ll see everybody next year ! ”
Only a 2012 extension will be cited in an upcoming bill that is being drawn up by politicians – full details of which are currently embargoed – who are concerned with both the logistical support of the International Space Station ( ISS ) in the event of an extension of the Station to 2020 , and the closing of the “ gap ” .
Also playing a factor is increased uncertainty surrounding the timelines of the Commercial Resupply Services ( CRS ) contracts , with SpaceX rumored to be struggling with the development of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle , especially with the vehicle ’s software .
Government reports recently noted the concern that the 100 billion dollar Station may never be fully utilized , adding fuel to the requirement of extending shuttle – given it is the only vehicle that has large - scale upmass , and downmass – capability .
For recent extension specific articles , click here : http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/tag/extension/
Reference : Previous * main * Shuttle Extension articles by NASASpaceflight.com :
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/12/extension-no-closer-one-heck-of-a-year-for-shuttle/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/09/ssp-fight-back-asap-augustine-claim-risk/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/07/major-shuttle-and-iss-extension-drive-augustine-commission/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/05/nasa-present-two-shuttle-extension-options-to-lawmakers/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/03/aresorion-slipping-18-months-shuttle-extension-upper-hand/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/02/extra-nasa-funds-initial-step-towards-gap-reduction/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2008/09/senate-pass-nasa-bill-for-extra-funding/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2008/10/shuttle-extension-white-paper/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2008/09/nasas-dream-scenario-of-a-13-flight-extension-for-shuttle/
Shuttle Derived Heavy Lift :
An extension of the shuttle program – as stated by the Augustine Commission – would only be viable if the follow - on vehicle is a true Shuttle Derived ( SD ) LV .
Two examples were presented to the Augustine Commission , one which is based on a side - mount option – called the SD HLLV ( Heavy Lift Launch Vehicle ) – and another called the Jupiter LV .
The SD HLLV – or HLV for short – has received a large amount of attention from the SSP , who have been tasked with the bulk of the evaluations .
Those evaluations have resulted in meetings with the Langley Research Center ( LaRC ) and NASA HQ in Washington , DC – ahead of key “ face - to - face ” meetings with MSFC .
“ The team is working action items in preparation for Face - to - Face Meeting at MSFC .
The team is ‘ GREEN ’ on performance ground rules for understanding which missions HLV is best suited to support .
Are coming to terms with how to integrate avionics and software between Block I and Block II , ” noted one of several notes on the Stand - up reports ( L2 ) , with this update dating at the end of November .
“ Mr. Shannon added that MSFC ’s team met with the stakeholders to review progress to date .
The group is investigating various designs and technology needs / schedules and comparing this to performance trades , so that when the mission is defined , we will be able to understand how this will affect the vehicle selection .
“ One of the key issues is to be able to perform an accurate cost assessment on these options .
We will be informed of what the team has determined and understand what architectures apply to what missions .
Assessment of the appropriate path forward will then go through the early part of 2010 . ”
The meetings with the MSFC team related to the study requested by new NASA administrator Charlie Bolden , who created a “ Special Team ” to evaluate all the Heavy Lift alternatives – which was commented on in early December notes on the Stand - up report .
“ The MSFC team put together a suite of launch vehicles that the HLV team will assess , made up of Shuttle derived , inline , and Ares V type concepts .
( MSFC ) put together a suite of missions that the team will evaluate these launch vehicles for .
Are still negotiating for some of the ground rules planned for the costing , performance , and so forth .
“ The actions that came out of that meeting were to better identify what the real drivers are to start up production and build new hardware , better define the figures of merit with the real purpose of what we are doing , and do a comparison between the Heavy Lift Launch Vehicle ( HLLV ) studies done with the Program of record . ”
The Program Of Record ( POR ) is Ares I and Ares V , with both vehicles closely tied at the hip .
While Ares I is doubtful to survive past the early part of 2010 , Ares V may yet survive – by name at least – as sources note an “ Ares V Classic ” has been cited numerous times as one of the vehicles being discussed , a vehicle that appears to be akin to a “ Jupiter - 241 Stretched Heavy ” ( see image left ) – which would be the Block II version of such a “ Classic ” vehicle .
The Block I version would have the appearance and configuration of the “ Jupiter - 244 RL - 10 ” , although no direct references – no pun intended – have been made by name on documentation , although “ different ” vehicle options , other than the HLV , have been cited numerous times in December updates .
“ We will get the outbrief from MSFC ’s team that is looking at the different launch vehicle options , some architectural options , ” added a Stand - up note in early December .
“ There will be no decisions out of that .
It is really more to scope what different options would cost , what schedules would be required .
“ Once we get some budget information and some direction from the White House , we will be able to take all the data that the team has put together , see where we are , and pull together a plan in short order .
This is laying the groundwork for future decisions . ”
As far as SSP are concerned , the sidemount HLV continues to be the focus of their evaluations , with the last update of the year referencing work on the departure stage and the payload carrier .
“ The focus will be on a new concept for the departure stage and how best to integrate the RL10s ( engines ) .
Had a great review with Langley on some configuration changes for the payload carriers , to be considered for the next design cycle .
There is a Face - to - Face to baseline the configuration to be used for the design cycle . ”
However , another Heavy Lift vehicle came out of the blue in December , via an internal 65 page presentation on NASA ’s overview ( available on L2 ) of what it believes can be accomplished via the Flexible Path options , per Augustine Commission .
While the presentation is far - reaching on various mission outlines – including missions to Near Earth Objects ( NEOs ) , GEO Space Telescopes , and manned missions to Mars ( all of which will be reported in an upcoming article ) – a monster 200 metric ton human rated “ Exploration Class ” launch vehicle is referenced several times .
“ Exploration - Class Rocket : A human - rated system with LEO throw - mass on the order of 200 mt , designed purposely for extremely high reliability and minimum operations cost , rather than being sized directly by an architecture that may change later , ” noted the presentation .
“ 200 mt , sized by ‘ knee in the curve ’ of LV economics .
Not driven by the architecture de jour . ”
No specific designs are included in the presentation , with a Saturn V schematic shown next to the 200mt references .
However , such a vehicle would likely to be a three stage Ares V type heavy lifter .
How such a massive vehicle could be afforded is questionable .
For the interim , all eyes remain on the President , who – it is hoped – will show his willingness to help NASA achieve its goals via support for an increased budget .
L2 members : Documentation – from which the above article has quoted snippets – is available in full in the related L2 sections , now over 4000 gbs in size
PLEASE RECOMMEND TO KEEP LINKS ON THE REC LIST .
( As Dallasdoc noted earlier today , these links are being used not only by regular Daily Kos users , but folks who are just coming here looking for ways to help ) .
Previous versions of this diary ( I was having trouble with hyperlinks in the intro .
Prolly because I 'm an idiot ) :
Dallasdoc
cosmic debris
Norbrook
betson08
ALifeLessFrightening
Also , as I get ready to publish this , I 've learned that my dear friend Cliff Landis has decided to provide matching funds for cash donations up to $ 10,000 total .
Cliff is a Librarian and this means that he will be donating his entire savings .
If you 're tight on cash and would like to turn a $ 25 donation into a $ 50 dollar donation , check out his Partners in Health page .
Government Agencies
USAID - USAID Responds immediately to Haiti earthquake
UNICEF .
At a glance : Haiti
There is a donation page for Haiti here .
United Nations Central Emergency Response Fund , with donations here .
( h/t aaraujo )
World Food Programme Update : See ImpeccableLiberalCredentials ' diary on behalf of Friends of the World Food Program and the United Nations World Food Programme 's pledge to feed 2 million people .
The State Department has set up another cellphone donation link : Text " HAITI " to 90999 and you will be charged for a $ 10 donation to relief efforts .
Americans seeking info on family members in Haiti , call 888-407-4747 .
Disasters Emergency Committee is the umbrella group for Great Britain , which the British government is asking their citizens to donate to .
( h/t NY brit expat )
Center for International Disaster Information has information on the humanitarian disaster , with links .
There 's an answer to the questions as to whether or not to give donations of goods .
For the public , the answer is no , cash is better .
( h/t dibsa )
Below is the compilation of both secular and religious - based organizations .
It has been suggested , and wisely so , to do your research before donating .
The Charity Navigator tool is a useful resource for this purpose .
For those not familiar , Charity Navigator evaluates and rates charities according to their financial responsibility and sustainability .
Their homepage now lists comprehensive information the major organizations on the ground in Haiti now .
h/t DeepHarm and deb s .
Secular NGOs
There are two lists of NGOs you can donate to : one on The Rachel Maddow Show website , the other at Reuters AlertNet .
Pan-American Relief PADF is the natural disaster relief arm of the Organization of American States , has more than 150 people working Haiti on economic development , disaster mitigation and protecting human rights .
PADF is a non-profit , 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization based in Washington , D.C .
Direct Relief International sent a 40 - foot container of ongoing aid the day of the earthquake .
Direct Relief works with Partners in Health ( see below ) and their efforts will concentrate on rebuilding hospital infrastructure .
h/t Dallasdoc for update .
Oxfam International provides assistance to victims of emergencies and ongoing disasters throughout the world .
They are mobilizing to provide emergency assistance to victims in Haiti , and your donations will also help people in places like Darfur as well .
This is the direct link to support Oxfam 's Haiti relief effort .
Update : Dallasdoc in the comments tells us that a BBC report says that Oxfam will be focusing on clean water and sanitation -- clean water will , obviously , be one of the most important needs .
Doctors Without Borders ( aka Medecins Sans Frontieres or MSF ) is an international group of medical professionals who work in chronically underserved countries , emergency sites and refugee camps around the world .
Here is the latest news of their work in Haiti from their site , MSF Teams Set up Clinics to Treat Injured After Facilities Are Damaged .
*** Update ( h/t NY brit expat ) MSF treats more than 1000 patients .
Inflatable hospital on the way .
The International Committee of the Red Cross is of course a standby of emergency response throughout the world .
Though the American Red Cross took a hit for administrative costs in the wake of Katrina , few NGOs have the reach or the resources of the ICRC .
ShelterBox USA , which provides prepackaged shelter .
TexMex is coordinating an impressive effort to drive donations to ShelterBox .
As of posting , the number of ShelterBoxes purchased by Kossacks is 31 and counting !
Partners in Health has now started a BLOG about its efforts called Stand with Haiti .
It has very useful information .
Dr. Farmer was also on Campbell Brown ( CNN ) tonight .
The video does n't seem to have been posted yet .
Partners in Health is also putting out a call for health volunteers , in case you are a medical professional who can help out that way :
We are deeply grateful for the multitude of people who have contacted us wanting to provide medical assistance .
As patients flood to our sites from Port - au - Prince , we 're finding ourselves in need of both medical personnel and supplies .
In particular , we need surgeons ( especially trauma / orthopedic surgeons ) , ER doctors and nurses , and full surgical teams ( including anesthesiologists , scrub and post - op nurses , and nurse anesthetists ) .
If you are a health professional interested in volunteering , please send an email to volunteer@pih.org with information on : Your credentials Language capabilities ( Haitian Creole or French desired )
Overseas experience ( if any )
Any prior experience in emergency / post - disaster relief efforts Availability Contact information
As phone lines in Haiti remain down and transportation and communication are difficult , PIH is still in the process of determining where we can set up operations in Port - au - Prince , and how we can transport patients and volunteers to our sites .
We will be able to offer more concrete information after these logistical matters are resolved .
Once again – thank you for your support .
Kenbe fèm .
Portlight Strategies is gearing up to help Haitians with disabilities in the wake of the disaster .
The excellent Mercy Corps is preparing an aid mission .
Mercy Corps also allows you to donate through PayPal , Google Checkout and Amazon Payments , if this helps .
Save The Children has been working in Haiti since 1985 .
It has provided emergency relief and assistance to Haitian children and families following various recent disasters , including hurricanes and floods , and they are once again mobilizing .
Valadon recommends California Nurses Association call for volunteers .
Another good link is the National Nurses United In addition : * @NationalNurses on twitter or by following : #haitiRN * Call the RNRN hotline : 1-800-578-8225 *
Support the RNRN / NNU disaster relief effort in Haiti by sending checks c/o California Nurses Foundation , 2000 Franklin St. , Oakland , CA 94612 .
Charitable contributions will be used to pay for travel / related costs and medical supplies for volunteer RNs on their emergency nursing mission in Haiti
Zanmi Lakay is a non-profit organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for current and former street children in Haiti by providing educational and economic opportunities and resources to help these children while they are on the streets and to help build a life for them off the streets .
A Pacifica - based photographer who has been working in Haiti for years is planning to return next week , so donations will go straight to those who need it .
The Lambi Fund , a secular non-profit nonprofit whose mission is " to assist the popular , democratic movement in Haiti .
Its goal is to help strengthen civil society as a necessary foundation of democracy and development .
The fund channels financial and other resources to community - based organizations that promote the social and economic empowerment of the Haitian people . "
They support " projects that embrace the following principles : non-violent , non-partisan , community - based , promoting the advancement of women , using education and training for empowerment , and promoting the overall democratic movement . "
BCO Gal posted the Facebook Group Earthquake Haiti
Tomsank 's friend who has worked in Haiti for many years recommends
Yele Haiti is a grassroots movement that builds global awareness for Haiti while helping to transform the country through programs in education , sports , the arts and environment .
Yéle ’s community service programs include food distribution and mobilizing emergency relief .
Grammy - Award winning musician , humanitarian and Goodwill Ambassador to Haiti Wyclef Jean founded Yéle Haiti in 2005 .
Cell carriers will contribute $ 5 send on a $ 5 donation on your account if you text YELE to 501501 .
Wyclef Jean has apparently verified this on CNN ( with video ) .
Easy and can raise a lot of money if we all do it .
PrometheusUnbound suggests Heifer International .
Though not first responders , this group does long term infrastructural work .
HI currently has 16 projects under way with more than 16,000 families and several farmer associations .
The projects in Haiti , which are scattered around the country , with none close to Port - au - Prince , range from training in sustainable farming and crop diversity to gifts of livestock , seeds , trees and grains to training in nutrition , aquaculture and fish production .
Related to this kind of infrastructure support , yg17 recommends TÉLÉCOMS SANS FRONTIÈRES .
Communications infrastructure has been completely destroyed and helping to bring that back online will be a huge help to recovery efforts and to allow Haitians to get in touch with family they may have elsewhere in the world .
glassbeadgame recommends the International Medical Corps .
It is a global , humanitarian , nonprofit organization dedicated to saving lives and relieving suffering through health care training and relief and development programs .
Donations can be made here .
Mr. Rick reminds us that animals will be in trouble as well .
Donations can be made to Humane Society International .
Fonkoze , a micro-lending organization in Haiti .
From their Web site :
Fonkoze is Haiti’s Alternative Bank for the Organized Poor .
We are the largest micro-finance institution offering a full range of financial services to the rural - based poor in Haiti .
Fonkoze is committed to the economic and social improvement of the people and communities of Haiti and to the reduction of poverty in the country .
According to their Web site , their offices have taken quite a hit .
This is another one in the category of long - term rebuilding .
h/t parryander and dizzydean .
parryandersuggests Healing Hands for Haiti ( a physical rehab and prosthetics organization based in Port au Prince ) , Lamp for Haiti , and a group that umbrellas several projects called Healing Haiti .
Parryander has personal experience with these groups , so I suggest checking out their comments .
Hyde Parkdirects us to help HIV patients in Haiti by donating to GHESKIO through Cornell Medical School .
Religious Groups
cybernun recommends two faith groups already on the ground in Haiti : Catholic Relief Services and World Vision , where you can also sponsor a Haitian child under their care .
LNK recommends the Quakers ' American Friends Service Committee , with its stellar track record of aid .
drmah recommends the United Methodist Committee on Relief which uses 100 % of donations for relief .
Evangelical Lutheran Church in America is also collecting donations , and will use 100 % of the donations for relief .
( h/t ecologist )
Frederick Clarkson recommends Church World Service .
Dan in Illinois suggests Little by Little
Moondance suggests Presbyterian Church ( USA )
Sister Havana recommends the Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Chicago , which has started a Haitian Earthquake Relief Fund .
According to the website , 100 % of funds collected will go to aid - JUF will absorb all administrative costs .
DeepHarm recommends Convoy of Hope a nonprofit that networks with churches in the community where need exists .
Provides necessities like food and water .
Has Charity Navigator 's highest rating year after year and was already in Haiti when the earthquake struck .
leevank suggests IMA World Health , which is a faith based nonprofit organization that provides health care services and supplies .
AnnieJo offers a link to the Mennonite Central Committee , a relief - and - development organization with staff currently in Haiti .
The YENTA Of The Opera recommends American Jewish World Service Haiti Relief .
Abraham Running For Congress
When I Turn 25 mentions Mission 's Door which has facilities and operations in Haiti .
If interested they have a donation page here , if you want donations to go to Haiti click " Haiti Earthquake Relief Project . "
aaraujo mentions Episcopal Relief & Development Haiti Fund and Anglican Relief and Development
Pam from Calif adds International Orthodox Christian Charities .
" IOCC in the spirit of Christ 's love offers emergency relief and development programs to those in need worldwide , without discrimination , and strengthen the capacity of the Orthodox Church to so respond . "
The Unitarian Universalist Service Committee is also taking donations .
" UUSC advances human rights and social justice around the world , partnering with those who confront unjust power structures and mobilizing to challenge oppressive policies . " ( h/t antimony )
Yesterday from Norbrook :
AmeriCares has asked to be added to this list .
Their donation page is here .
AmeriCares restores health and saves lives by delivering donated medicines , medical supplies and humanitarian aid to people in need around the world and here at home .
feralike recommends the Pan American Development Foundation .
chillindame recommends
The Jean Cadet Restavek Foundation Restaveks are child slaves .
This is an organization for children run by a Haitian man who is a former child slave .
Catte Nappe suggests the Salvation Army , who already has people on the ground in Haiti .
TEXT a Donation :
Lots of ways to donate by text .
This is a quick , easy way to donate ; the donations are simply added to your cell phone bill , and the amounts are small and possibly a more affordable option for many .
NPR did a storyyesterday on donating via text -- The Red Cross alone reports $ 4.7 million dollars in text message donations for Haitian relief thus far !
Here 's a list of ways to donate via text , from betson08 's diary version :
• Text the word " Yele " to 501501 to donate $ 5 on behalf of the Yele Haiti Foundation , founded by Haitian musician Wyclef Jean .
( this is probably the most popular one judging by Twitter and Facebook today )
• Text the word " Haiti " to 85944 to donate $ 5 to the Rescue Union Mission and MedCorp International .
• Text the word " Haiti " to 25383 to donate $ 5 to the International Rescue Committee .
• Text the word " Haiti " to 90999 to donate $ 10 to the American Red Cross .
• Text Haiti to 52000 to donate $ 10 to the Salvation Army .
You can do it up to three times ( no need to send STOP message )
Note : Someone mentioned texting the word " STOP " after sending a text donation to avoid a recurring fee on your cell phone bill -- however , I do n't know if anyone has confirmed whether this is necessary in all cases .
Something to keep in mind if you text donations .
glassbeadgame tells us that we " can also donate by mobile phone : text OXFAM to 25383 to make a $ 10 donation to Oxfam 's Haiti Earthquake Response Fund . "
Other news and diaries :
An update to the previous diary version that really highlights the effectiveness of this community in times of crisis like this :
This social network fundraising effort is attracting the attention of other media .
The Dallas Morning News contacted Dallasdoc today : Tonight I had a conversation with a reporter from the Dallas Morning News , who noted our efforts to raise money for the victims in Haiti and emailed me because of my screenname .
I had a long chat with him in which I extolled the good heart and caring nature of the people in this community .
" We are liberals and progressives , we are interested in politics because we care about people , " I told him .
I described how this community responded to a simple appeal with incredible energy and self - sacrificing generosity , and that after five years here I had expected no less of us .
He was impressed , and is working on an article about how new media and social networking sites are mobilizing to help the Haitians .
He got the idea for that article from us .
Excellent liveblog by mindoca .
If you need more specific information , this is a great place to start .
Mindoca has spent time in Haiti and offers a true first - hand view of disaster relief and Haiti itself .
And a ShelterBox update : I think anyone following the disaster relief efforts here on Daily Kos is now familiar with ( and a fan of ) the Shelter Box effort .
If you 're not in the know yet , go check out TexMex 's first diary .
TexMex has posted a third diary this morning -- as of about 10:30 a.m. , TexMex has lost count of how many ShelterBoxes this community has purchased .
I think we can all take this as a very good sign !
Latest count in the comments is that thirty - one ShelterBoxes have been purchased ( at a cost of $ 1,000 each ) , and the total dollar amount is still on the rise ( I can't keep up ; since I wrote this , but before I could post it , the number of boxes bought has changed ! ) .
This is nothing short of amazing !
By dharmafarmer , a photo diary on relief efforts .
The now requisite warning :
This was on MSNBC , and in our urge to help , we should also remember to be careful :
The FBI , Better Business Bureau and software security companies Wednesday all warned Internet users to exercise caution before opening their wallets to organizations claiming to be charities that will send financial assistance to Haiti .
" Apply a critical eye , " said the FBI in a statement , and do " due diligence before responding to those requests . "
Update from Deep Harm in the comments ( previous version of this diary ) :
The Embassy of Haiti in DC is organizing a survival kit drive for items to be sent to Haiti .
The Embassy of Haiti in Washington , D.C. , will accept goods in connection with a Survival Kit Drive by the National Organization for the Advancement of Haitians ( NOAH ) , this Sunday , January 17 , from 11 am to 4 pm .
( Please deliver only items on the list . ]
Additional information , including address , telephone numbers , at the link above .
See Deep Harm 's comment or the link in the quote above for more information .
From comments this diary :
Scioto provides helpful information about the circumstances under which various credit card fees may be waived for charitable donations .
Cany wants us to remember the animals in Haiti and suggests United Animal Nations .
JekyllnHyde shares an e-mail from Al Gore in support of Oxfam ( linked above under " Secular NGO's ) .
Thank you for your reads , recs , and donations .
If anyone has any additional information , updates , or corrections , please comment -- the comments in all of the diary versions thus far have been gold mines of information .
It would be impossible to incorporate all of the information gathered in the comments into the diary , but I will updated as necessary / possible .
And , if you would like to keep this list of links visible , please consider volunteering to post a diary so we can keep this effort going .
As the previous diarists have done , I will forward the source code for all of the links to the person who offers to post the next diary .
A giant scientific instrument that was designed to recreate the big bang but blew itself up in the process will be back in business on Friday .
Scientists at the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) at Cern , the nuclear research organisation near Geneva , aim to have beams of subatomic particles whizzing around the machine on Friday evening , and will begin smashing them together soon after .
The first collisions will mark the end of a long and frustrating period for the researchers , who waited eight years for the machine to be built only to see it explode shortly after being switched on in September last year .
Repairs and a new safety system cost an estimated £ 24 m .
The machine , which occupies a 27 km tunnel 100 m beneath the French - Swiss border , will probe some of the deepest mysteries of the universe by crashing subatomic particles into one another at close to the speed of light .
The collisions are expected to reveal tantalising signs of new physics that could include extra dimensions of space and " supersymmetry " , a theory that calls for every particle in the universe to have an invisible partner .
Scientists also hope the machine will finally discover the elusive Higgs boson , aka the God particle , which imbues other particles with mass .
It may also expose the nature of dark matter , a mysterious , invisible material that stretches across the cosmos and collects around galaxies .
The £ 6bn machine was shut down last year after a spark caused by faulty wiring tore a hole in the collider and released liquid helium , wrecking surrounding equipment and encasing it in a layer of ice .
Engineers have spent the past year checking the wiring in the rest of the machine and installing safety measures to prevent another catastrophe .
Work on the machine was interrupted earlier this month when a short circuit took out an electrical substation .
The incident was blamed on a piece of baguette dropped by a passing bird .
The first collisions will be at low energies but will give scientists working on the machine 's four giant detectors their first real data to work on .
Two beams of subatomic particles called protons , travelling in opposite directions around the tunnel , will be accelerated to almost the speed of light .
At four points around the ring the beams will cross over , slamming the protons into each other head - on .
The violent impacts will release fleeting bursts of energy that will recreate in microcosm the conditions that existed only a fraction of a second after the big bang .
Lyn Evans , who has overseen the construction of the LHC for the past 15 years , said Cern hoped to get two beams of protons circulating in the machine on Friday evening .
" Then we just have to steer them into one another , " he said .
Collisions are expected to reach an energy of 2.2 trillion electronvolts by Christmas , enough for the LHC to take the title of the most powerful particle collider in the world .
By January , the machine should be running with at least three times as much energy as the current world - leading particle smasher , the Tevatron at Fermilab near Chicago .
" It 's been a frustrating time , but what we do know is that the machine works beautifully , " Evans said .
" By Christmas , I expect we will take the high - energy frontier , if only by a whisker . "
Cern engineers have already sent beams of particles half way around the machine .
Their first goal later this week will be to circulate two beams of protons at low energy , the stage they reached this time last year before the machine exploded .
The first low - energy collisions will give scientists a chance to check the machine is working properly and ensure its detectors are recording the beautiful streaks of subatomic debris created when the particles crash into one another .
The machine will close for a couple of weeks over Christmas while engineers finish installing safety measures to prevent the machine exploding again when it is running at higher energies next year .
Jim Virdee , a physicist at Imperial College , London , and spokesman for the machine 's giant CMS ( Compact Muon Solenoid ) detector , has spent the past year calibrating the detector by watching high - energy particles in cosmic rays hurtle through it .
" There 's a mood of great anticipation here .
We 're cautiously optimistic and looking forward to finally getting going , " he said .
" We will soon be making great inroads into new territory .
We 'll be looking for new things , but what we find depends on how kind nature is to us . "
Some scientists are relying on the LHC to pull physics out of at least a decade in the doldrums .
While theoretical physicists have pushed ahead with string theory and other models that describe the particles and forces of nature , experiments to prove any of them right or wrong have been lacking .
Last year , an American court dismissed a legal challenge that claimed the LHC might destroy the planet by creating a black hole or a clump of matter known as a strangelet .
This year , physicists at the Niels Bohr Institute proposed an even more extraordinary possibility .
Their calculations suggested that the long - sought Higgs boson was so abhorrent to nature that any machine that tried to make it would be " sabotaged " from the future .
Few scientists are losing sleep over the prospect .
" We are absolutely and totally confident that the machine is perfectly safe , just as we were last year , " said Evans .
" And i'm not at all worried about the it being destroyed by its own future . "
Personal and Knowledgeable Family Law Legal Advice
When you are facing a divorce or other family - related issue , would n’t you feel better with a lawyer you know who cares about families ?
Rather than hiring a lawyer who jumps in head first with little regard to what the legal issues are costing you , our Family Law attorneys understand what you ’re going through and we will take the time to get to know what is important to you in your divorce settlement or family dispute .
view areas of practice
We the undersigned are outraged by the scandalous delays in getting essential aid to victims of the earthquake in Haiti ( ' Chaotic and confusing ' relief effort is costing lives , aid agencies warn , 19 January ) .
As a result of the US decision to prioritise the accumulation of foreign soldiers over the distribution of emergency supplies , untold numbers of people have died needlessly .
We demand that US commanders immediately restore executive control of the relief effort to Haiti 's leaders , and to help rather than replace the local officials they claim to support .
Obsessive foreign concerns with " security " and " violence " are refuted by actual levels of patience and solidarity on the streets of Port - au - Prince .
In keeping with a long - standing pattern , US and UN officials continue to treat the Haitian people and their representatives with wholly misplaced fear and suspicion .
We call on the de facto rulers of Haiti to do everything possible to strengthen the capacity of the Haitian people to respond to this crisis .
We demand , consequently , that they allow Haiti 's most popular and most inspiring political leader , Jean - Bertrand Aristide ( whose party won 90 % of the parliamentary seats in the country 's last round of democratic elections ) , to return immediately from the unconstitutional exile to which he has been confined since the US , Canada and France helped depose him in 2004 .
If reconstruction proceeds under the supervision of foreign troops and international development agencies it will not serve the interests of the vast majority of Haitians .
We call on the leaders of the international community to respect Haitian sovereignty and to initiate an immediate reorientation of international aid , away from neoliberal adjustment , sweatshop exploitation and non-governmental charity , and towards systematic investment in Haiti's own government and public institutions .
We demand that France pays the colossal amount of money it owes Haiti in full and at once .
Above all , we demand that the reconstruction of Haiti be pursued under the guidance of one overarching objective : the political and economic empowerment of the Haitian people .
Roger Annis Canada Haiti Action Network , Noam Chomsky MIT , Brian Concannon Jr Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti , Berthony Dupont Editor , Haiti Liberté , Yves Engler Haiti Action Montreal , Peter Hallward Middlesex University , Pierre Labossiere Haiti Action Committee , USA , Kevin Pina Journalist / film - maker , Jean Saint Vil Canada Haiti Action Network
• There is a crucial element missing from your editorial ( 20 January ) .
Transparency International 's Perceived Corruption Index ( 2009 ) shows Haiti at 168 in a total of 180 countries .
The higher the figure , the more is the extent of corruption as perceived by indigenous observers .
Corrupt practice ensures that buildings will more readily collapse in earthquakes , contracts and permissions are skewed , inspections and supervision are bribed , and construction processes are depleted by the omission or substitution of crucial materials and requirements .
The same applies in Haiti as is quoted from Afghanistan : " bribery is a crippling tax on people who are already among the world 's poorest " ( Report , 20 January ) .
Declarations from donor governments and NGOs that fraud , bribery and backhanders will not be tolerated , and that all financial dealings will be transparent , would ensure endemic corrupt practice comes to the surface instead of remaining covert and unspoken .
Starting this now , in the relief phase , as a mutual code for donors and recipients alike , would appropriately set the stage for even larger sums of money in reconstruction .
James Lewis
Marshfield , Gloucestershire
• Ed Pilkington identifies ( Report , 20 January ) that international agencies are calling for an urgent moratorium on adoptions from Haiti that were not already under way before the earthquake .
Given the need to preserve the family , cultural and religious autonomy of these children , and to reduce the risk of trafficking and abuse , this must be right .
What protections are in place to protect the orphans in Haiti from " travelling sex offenders " ?
Given the scale of the disaster , effective state policing of crime against children in Haiti is unlikely in the foreseeable future .
If the UK legislation is any guide , these intrinsically vulnerable children will receive little protection in respect of preventing such offenders travelling to Haiti .
The legislation directed at preventing travel by those representing a significant risk of committing sexual offences against children requires ( i ) a qualifying conviction , and ( ii ) evidence that since the date of the conviction " the [ offender ] has acted in such a way as to give reasonable cause to believe that it is necessary for such [ a foreign travel ] order to be made " .
Unless these prerequisites are met – and they frequently are not – no order preventing foreign travel can be made by a court even where the evidence of risk to children is overwhelming .
UK police forces do not have the resources to monitor convicted offenders in order to prove further conduct since the date of the conviction .
Inexplicably , the second of the preconditions does not apply to equivalent orders designed to protect children in the UK from identical sexual abuse .
UK children thus enjoy greater protection than those in other jurisdictions where the probability of detection and prosecution is negligible .
The human rights of children abroad surely should take precedence over the human right of high - risk adults to travel .
Hugh Davies
London
• There must be hundreds of journalists " on the ground " in Haiti .
With supporting staff , this could run into thousands .
All in need of shelter , sustenance and security , not to mention power for the laptop .
Do we need such multiplication of effort ?
Perhaps a " disasters media committee " should be formed to suspend normal competition , allocate media organisations and ensure sharing of material .
Dr Howard Watson
York
Bryce Gillies came to a clearing in the Grand Canyon and peered down at the Colorado River rushing past him .
On either side of him were stark canyon walls enveloping him in this place of natural beauty .
The 20 - year - old was thirsty and hot after a long day of brutal hiking on this Saturday in mid-July , but he could do nothing about it .
He had ditched his water bottles and food , and there was no way he could go back and reach them .
He had jumped sheer rock faces - some more than 30 feet - on his way down , and it would be nearly impossible to climb back up them .
There was also no way to the river below .
The clearing led to a drop of around 80 feet .
The fall would have killed him .
He could not head left or right .
The tall rock walls that defined his boundaries were nearly vertical and offered no footings .
This place is where Gillies ' hike would end .
Gillies , an Eagle Scout , engineering student and experienced outdoorsman , came to the Grand Canyon to cap off what had been a transformative summer .
He had just returned from a remote village in Africa where he had volunteered to construct a building for a medical clinic .
It was an empowering few weeks that stretched Gillies ' physical and mental abilities and left him energized and fulfilled .
He wanted to celebrate the trip , and his 20th birthday , with a hike through the Grand Canyon .
A backpacking magazine article he had read described a North Rim hike to a remote location where water gushed out of a limestone rock wall , transforming the desert landscape into a lush , green oasis .
Treacherous beauty
Rangers believe Gillies deviated from his intended path and hiked along a dry creek bed that offered no shade .
The path he had read about was several yards away .
It was that path that led to the spectacular natural spring .
It was that path that would have led him through a loop back out of the Canyon and allowed him to continue his life .
Gillies became one of 12 tourists in 2009 who died at the Grand Canyon , the natural wonder that plays host to around 4.5 million visitors annually .
He was one of the 10 visitors who died accidentally within the Canyon , four of whom were on backcountry trails .
( The other two deaths were from a heart attack and a suicide . )
The Grand Canyon can be as naturally treacherous as it is gorgeous .
Its beauty can sometimes mask those potential dangers .
Rangers say tourists are frequently lured into what might be called an impulsive hike .
They cautiously inch their way along a trail at the South Rim , sometimes in flip - flops , and are pulled by the scenery to keep going .
Some reach the Colorado River before they realize they are unprepared to make the hike back up and need to be flown out by helicopter .
Experienced hikers , inspired by exhilarating tales in magazines and guidebooks , come from all over the world to conquer the backcountry trails .
A permitting office at the Canyon offers advice and gently prods people away from dangerous hikes , sometimes by asking hikers to leave information about their next of kin .
Gillies seemed well - qualified for the hike , having spent his childhood tromping through the mountains of Virginia .
His Eagle Scout training taught him to be self - reliant and to use a compass and map in remote areas .
He had recently conquered Mount Baldy in California and Sandia Peak in New Mexico .
He had also hiked the Grand Canyon 's main trails during his freshman year at Northern Arizona University .
Gillies also seemed to have a good temperament for this hike .
He could be competitive and determined .
But he was not headstrong .
Nor was he reckless .
New challenges
" We were wondering if he'd be safe in Africa , " his mother , Warna Gillies , said .
" Here , we lose him in the Grand Canyon .
You just do n't know what 's going to happen . "
Gillies grew up in Fairfax County , Va. , outside of Washington , D.C. He joined the Boy Scouts , deepening his love of the outdoors .
He stayed with it through high school - something only about half of Scouts do - and became an Eagle Scout .
Gillies was fond of the Appalachian Trail and the mountain parks around his Virginia home .
His father said he would sometimes average 20 miles a day .
With the Scouts , he learned navigation skills , twice visiting the Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico , a 200 - square - mile wilderness area where Scouts prove their mettle , said his scoutmaster , Jim Ahlgrimm .
That New Mexico camp - rocky and rugged - was different from the tree - laden hills of Virginia .
Gillies yearned for more adventures in this new terrain .
After high school , Gillies visited colleges out West and fell in love with the Flagstaff campus of NAU .
" He said , ' This is it .
I love this place , ' " his father , Randy Gillies , remembered .
It was on the NAU campus that the mechanical - engineering major found Engineers Without Borders .
The group organized students who wanted to work on volunteer projects that used their skills .
In the past few years , the chapter had traveled to a remote village called Yua , in the northern portion of Ghana , that had no electricity or plumbing and sporadic access to clean water .
The main project for the summer of 2009 was building nurses ' quarters near the medical clinic .
Gillies arrived in Ghana 's capital May 25 , according to an online journal of the group 's activities .
It was 100 degrees , with 80 percent humidity .
But the day Gillies arrived , the man who had been the chief engineer on the project came down with a severe case of malaria that required him to be hospitalized .
Within a few days , he decided to head back to the United States .
The team 's faculty adviser went with him .
Now , the engineering would be in the hands of Gillies , who did not know the terrain or the language and who had never constructed a building .
Africa clinic
Jessica Lum , who was also on her first trip to Ghana , said she felt scared and nervous about suddenly managing the project .
" All of a sudden , we were left with this huge task to do , and the people who know anything about the culture were gone , " she said .
The students recruited people from the village to help with labor .
Most of them did not speak English , Lum said , and those who did had a tough time pronouncing Bryce 's name .
He became known instead as " Bright . "
The new building was constructed by July .
It gave the nurses a place to sleep , opening up a room in the small clinic that they had been using as a bedroom .
The clinic would be powered by a solar array that Gillies also engineered .
Gillies and two other members of the team came back to the United States .
Lum stayed behind to put the finishing touches on the clinic and to do more volunteer work .
Gillies had about a month before classes began at NAU .
He had planned to spend a good chunk of that time at his parents ' house in Virginia .
But before then , he had a few days free at his apartment in Flagstaff .
And the Grand Canyon beckoned .
" He chose to do ( the hike ) on one of the harder times of the year , " his father said .
" He kind of took on the Canyon . "
Gillies had seen an article in the online edition of Backpacker magazine that told of the Deer Creek - Thunder River Loop .
The trail , the Web site said , " dishes out enough superlatives to send a guidebook writer running for a thesaurus . "
Very strong hikers could do the 27.6 - mile loop in three days , the Web site said .
Gillies considered himself a very strong hiker .
The plan , according to the article Gillies read , had him taking the Bill Hall trail down to the Thunder River Trail .
This was supposed to be the hardest part of the hike , with a drop of 2,000 feet over 2.5 miles .
There was then a 3 - mile hike across the relatively flat Esplanade before climbing down to Surprise Valley .
After that , it was supposed to be " payoff time , " the article said .
Last time he was seen
Gillies would see the Thunder River spring out of a limestone wall .
He would hike along its banks as it roared to Tapeats Creek .
" This could also very well be the toughest long - weekend hike in Grand Canyon National Park , " the online article said , " but you wo n't regret a single sunny mile . "
Gillies talked with his parents about his planned hike .
His father let him know that admission to the national parks was free that weekend , coinciding with his birthday .
His parents did n't tell him that his birthday gift would be waiting at his Flagstaff apartment when he returned : a year 's pass to the national parks .
Gillies talked to friends about the hike , his father said , but none could make it .
One toyed with going and called Gillies that morning - Saturday , July 18 - but Gillies was already on his way to the North Rim .
The last specific time that anyone saw Gillies was at a general store that day .
According to the National Park Service investigation , Gillies stopped in and bought a map for the dirt roads that lead to the trail .
It was noon .
It would take two more hours to drive to the parking lot at the Bill Hall trailhead , said Anne Peterson , the ranger who was the incident commander in the Gillies search .
Gillies parked his car at the lot and loaded his backpack , leaving some food and a gallon of water behind in his car , anticipating being hungry and thirsty after his hike out three days later .
Investigators believe he started hiking around 3 p.m .
The temperature on the rim reached 93 degrees that day .
At the bottom of the Canyon , where he was headed , it would reach 114 .
Gillies did not request a backcountry permit , as is required for overnight hikes in the Grand Canyon .
He also did n't file his route with park rangers .
Had he done so , park officials would have tried to talk him out of taking this brutal hike in the intense July heat .
Earlier that summer , the National Park Service sent out a warning about extreme temperatures at the Grand Canyon .
It advised avoiding hiking completely between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m .
" These temperatures are beyond unpleasant or uncomfortable - they are , in fact , dangerous , " the notice read , " and if you fail to factor the heat into your plan , the results could be tragic . "
Surprise Valley
There is no way to pinpoint Gillies ' exact route .
Nor is it possible to know when he hiked to each point .
But rangers did find clues that told them where Gillies was , and their experience leads them to sketch a rough idea of Gillies ' descent into the Grand Canyon .
From his car , Gillies hiked about 2 miles along some switchbacks that led down into the Canyon .
Once through the first descent , Gillies found himself on the Esplanade , a long , flat ridge rutted with potholes .
It looks like a moonscape .
Rangers figure it would have been 8 p.m. when Gillies reached this point .
It 's common for hikers taking this trail to spend a night on the Esplanade 's edge .
And if Gillies did , setting up his tent on the rock surface , he would have enjoyed an unparalleled view of the Grand Canyon spread out below him .
" On the rim , you do n't get to see in the Canyon , " Peterson said .
" From the Esplanade , you are in the Canyon .
You can see the whole thing . "
Gillies ' father is consoled by the thought of his son's peaceful night .
" He must have been the happiest guy on the planet , " Randy Gillies said .
" He was out doing something he loved to do , in a place that he loved so much . "
Rangers found no sign of a campground , but , as a trained Eagle Scout , Gillies would have left no trace of his night there .
If he did camp there , he most likely started his descent of the Canyon 's red wall at sunrise .
It takes an experienced hiker about an hour to climb down .
At the bottom of the descent , Gillies entered Surprise Valley .
It 's not known how the area got its name .
But there are theories based on hikers ' experiences .
It is a surprise that it is so hot .
And it is a surprise because it seems every direction out is up .
Surprise Valley is shaped like a bowl .
The low - rising side walls trap in heat and also make it seem like an unending stretch of desert .
It was in Surprise Valley that Gillies made a crucial error .
Ears playing tricks
Gillies was about a half - mile away from Thunder River , the waterway that cascades out of a cave wall .
A hikers ' guide describes it as " almost too good to be true " after the dusty , hot miles through Surprise Valley .
Gillies , it appears , had an opposite impression .
His path might have seemed too desolate to be true .
This can't be the right way .
His ears might also have played tricks on him .
Depending on the way the wind is blowing , hikers in Surprise Valley can hear the sound of the water thundering out of the canyon wall .
But that sound can bounce in odd directions , said Peterson , who hiked the same trail a month before Gillies did .
The ear thinks the water is coming from one way , even though the map says to keep going another way .
Gillies followed the trail up a hill .
It would have seemed logical that Thunder River was on the other side .
Instead , he saw another valley , leading to another low hill .
Had he kept going a quarter - mile more , to the top of that next hill , he would have seen a spot of white on the canyon wall .
Below it was a vivid line of bright green that marked the path of Thunder River .
Instead , Gillies decided to backtrack .
He dropped his backpack a few yards off the trail .
He took out some food and water bottles and put them in a plastic bag .
He also took out a head lamp .
He then started retracing his steps .
The path along Surprise Valley crosses several drainages .
Gillies ' Eagle Scout training would have told him that dry creek beds eventually reach water .
But , on the East Coast , a hiker does n't have to go very far to find that water .
In the desert , beds can stay dry for much of the year .
The Bonita Creek drainage runs only when severe monsoon storms force water down into it .
Over time , those waters carved a rugged , violent path to the Colorado River .
Gillies , coming back across it , found something alluring about it .
He decided to leave the trail and follow the dry creek bed .
It was not an easy trek .
As soon as he left the trail , he encountered knee - high desert scrub brush that tore at his bare legs .
But he wanted to keep going .
He needed water .
Steep drops
There were no trees like those along his beloved Appalachian Trail , where hikers are covered by a canopy grown by nature .
Here , he was in the open .
From the midmorning to late afternoon , the temperature would get brutally hot .
It is possible that Gillies came down into Surprise Valley in the evening the same day he started his hike .
But rangers think it more likely he was in this area in the day .
The intense sun tends to dry the brain , they say , and that leads to a person not thinking clearly .
As he entered the creek bed , Gillies decided to drop the plastic bag that contained his food and water containers .
A little bit into the drainage , Gillies encountered a field of boulders the size of basketballs .
Climbing rocks was one of Gillies ' favorite activities , something he learned to do after moving to Flagstaff .
He would do it here , scrambling on hands and feet for about a hundred yards .
Then he reached what would be the first of several steep drops .
Rangers call it a " spill , " and it is essentially a waterfall with no water .
They started off small , around 20 feet or so , manageable to an experienced hiker by scrambling down it , using hands and feet .
But after a few of these , he had no option of turning back .
Rescuers later used rock - climbing equipment to climb these spills , and Gillies had none of that equipment .
He was following this path until he reached water .
This was the way he was going to go .
As he continued his hike , the ground became soft sand , like that found on a beach that feet sink into .
And along the path , Gillies kept coming to those spills - those dry waterfalls - that started getting steeper .
1 last , deep spill
Ahead of him , though , he could see the south wall of the Grand Canyon .
He knew the Colorado River was below him and that it was getting closer .
As he dropped deeper and deeper into the Canyon , the temperature kept rising .
The canyon walls around the creek bed also kept getting higher , radiating the brutal heat .
A bit farther on , Gillies came across a 30 - foot spill .
From this vantage point , he could see the Colorado River rushing below .
Just a little more .
Just get past this drop .
Rescuers tracing Gillies ' path later did not think he had made it past this point .
But then they saw footprints at the bottom of the spill .
They told his father they did n't know how his son made it down the vertical drop , nor how he survived it .
From there , the sandy creek bed flattened and widened .
Footprints showed that Gillies staggered through this area , sometimes walking in a circle .
He might have been dehydrated and stumbling .
Or he might have been walking while looking up , like a tourist looking at a city 's tall skyscrapers .
Gillies might have been searching for a way out of the creek bed , Peterson said .
The Colorado River was about a half - mile away .
He could hear the water , just as he might have heard the water up in Surprise Valley .
Only this time , he knew which direction to go .
If he could just get there .
The Canyon 's walls grew taller around him as the path continued to widen .
Gillies came across one more spill .
This one was dark , narrow and deep .
Topographic maps provided by the United States Geological Survey show the spill to be about 80 feet .
Park rangers estimated it to be between 70 and 100 feet , about the height of a seven- to 10 - story building .
Gillies did not know what it measured .
He just would have calculated that making the jump would have led to his sure death .
Goodbye messages
Rescuers found Gillies ' body here , sitting on the ground , resting against a boulder .
The Coconino County medical examiner later determined Gillies died of heatstroke and dehydration .
His parents are pained by thinking of their son's final hours .
" I know my son did a hell of a job to get through these things , " Randy Gillies said .
" Those rangers said , ' Sir , he 's one tough kid . ' "
Gillies was supposed to be out of the Grand Canyon by Monday and on his way to Virginia by Tuesday .
His father called park officials Tuesday when no one had heard from him .
Gillies was found Saturday , July 25 .
A search party on a boat along the Colorado River spotted his body at the top of the spill .
Rescuers used rock - climbing equipment to reach his body .
One week after he entered the Grand Canyon , Gillies was taken out of it .
Back in Ghana , Lum received a phone call telling her Gillies was dead .
" I kind of felt alone at that point , " she said .
As the only Westerner left in the area , in a country where death is accepted as part of God 's will , she thought there would be no one to understand her grief .
She started telling people in the village about Gillies ' death .
But first she had to explain what hiking was and what the Grand Canyon was .
The nurses at the new clinic put a picture of Gillies on the wall as a dedication .
In the photo , Bryce is standing outdoors and smiling .
Months after his death , Gillies ' parents received the cellphone he had with him .
It did not receive a signal in the Canyon , but Gillies used it to tap out two memos to friends and family .
" Life is good whether it is long or short , " Gillies wrote .
" I was fortunate enough to do and see much more than most , and for that good fortune , I am most thankful . "
His messages included dashes of humor .
He wrote that he was thankful he had his BlackBerry because it was easier to use it instead of chiseling a message in the rocks .
He said he believed in God and was unsure what the afterlife held , " . . . but I hope there is water , " he wrote .
His battery dying , Gillies typed out a final sentence : " I feel like going into the wild is a calling all feel , some answer and some die for . "
National Geographic
News ’s most popular coverage of 2009 scientific finds is swarming with megamouth sharks , giant snakes , a transparent - headed fish , “ Jacques Cousteau ” clouds , and rare species rescued from obscurity — then eaten .
Top 10 National Geographic Discoveries of 2009 :
10 . Ultra-Rare Megamouth Shark Found , Eaten
In March , the 41st megamouth shark ever found went from swimming in Philippine waters to simmering in coconut milk .
9. Ancient Gem - Studded Teeth Show Skill of
Early Dentists
The glittering “ grills ” of some hip - hop stars are n’t exactly unprecedented .
Sophisticated dentistry allowed Native Americans to add bling to their teeth as far back as 2,500 years ago , a May study said .
8. Alien Giant Snakes Threaten to Invade Up to
1/3 of U.S .
Nine giant snakes could be on the verge of causing ecological catastrophe if they establish themselves in the U.S. wild — at least two have already set up shop in Florida — according to an October report .
7. Biggest Snake Discovered ; Was Longer Than a Bus
The 60 - million - year - old reptile was also heavier than a car , scientists said in February , adding that the fossil could shed light on climate change .
6. Gold Rush - Era “ Ghost Ship ” Wreck Found
With boots thrown hastily on deck and cooking utensils scattered , the last moments of the crew aboard the gold rush - era paddleboat A.J. Goddard are preserved in the ship ’s recently found wreck , archaeologists announced in November .
5. Oldest Skeleton of Human Ancestor Found
There was never a chimp - like missing link between humans and today ’s apes , according to an October fossil - skeleton study that could rewrite human evolutionary history .
Said one scientist , “ It changes everything . ”
4. “ Extinct ” Bird Seen , Eaten
Long believed to be extinct , a rare quail from the Philippines was photographed for the first time ever — then sold at a poultry market , experts said in February .
3. New Cloud Type Discovered ?
Nicknamed “ Jacques Cousteau ” clouds , these “ turbulent ” seas in the sky could be examples of the first official new cloud type since 1951 , experts said in June .
2. Fish With Transparent Head Seen Alive for First Time
Perhaps the most bizarre nature discovery of the year — though Stephen Colbert put it a bit less delicately — a Pacific barreleye fish shows off its transparent head and barrel - like eyes in pictures released on February of the first specimen ever found alive .
1. “ Missing Link ” Found : Fossil Connects Humans , Lemurs ?
The 47 - million - year - old , exceptionally preserved primate fossil “ Ida , ” unveiled on May 20 , was hailed by some as a major discovery in human evolution .
The publicity frenzy made National Geographic News ’s brief coverage our most viewed page of the year — and inspired a backlash as some experts , including one here at Nat Geo HQ , suggested Ida was more media event than milestone .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Jeri Ryan , Jeri Ryan interview , Leverage , Star Trek : Voyager , Boston Public
Interviews Home / TV Home / Bullz - Eye Home
Jeri Ryan ’s most iconic role – Seven of Nine , the human - turned - Borg on “ Star Trek : Voyager ” – is many years gone now , but even without her former character ’s ubiquitous corset , she ’s still looking damned gorgeous , as you ’ll be able to see when she joins the cast of TNT ’s “ Leverage ” on January 13th .
As Tara , Ryan is filling a temporary void on the series – Gina Bellman ’s pregnancy necessitated that Sophie be written out of the show for awhile – but you ’ll be quite impressed with the way she deftly steps into the shoes of a profession conman…or conwoman , whatever .
Bullz - Eye chatted with Ryan about her experience working on “ Leverage , ” and we also asked about her time spent as a former member of the Borg collective , found out what it was like teaming up with James Woods on “ Shark , ” and got her feelings about the experiences of working on “ Dracula 2000 , ” “ The O.C. , ” “ Dark Skies , ” and “ Boston Public . ”
Jeri Ryan : Hi , Will !
Bullz - Eye : Hey , Jeri , how ’s it going ?
You and I did an interview during a TCA tour a few years ago .
JR : Oh , did we ?
BE : Absolutely .
I ’d tell you it was the time that James Woods went off on an obscenity - filled rant , but I ’d guess that would n’t narrow it down much .
JR : Yeah , uh , that tended to happen a lot .
( Laughs loud and long )
But nice try !
BE : So you took some time off post - “ Shark ” to enjoy motherhood , but you made your return to acting on “ Law & Order : SVU . ”
Was that a case where they came looking for you , or had you just decided that it was time to get back to business and start auditioning again ?
On returning from maternity leave : " I had decided , ‘ I guess it ’s time to get back to it , ’ so I kind of reluctantly got back on my feet to go back to work .
‘ Cause you have to , you know ?
Your bank account starts saying , ‘ Okay , it ’s time .
I think you ’ve taken a long enough maternity leave . ' "
JR : Kind of both .
I mean , I had decided , “ I guess it ’s time to get back to it , ” so I kind of reluctantly got back on my feet to go back to work .
( Laughs ) ‘ Cause you have to , you know ?
Your bank account starts saying , “ Okay , it ’s time .
I think you ’ve taken a long enough maternity leave . ”
And I actually met Neal Baer .
He and a good friend of mine happen to be good friends , and when they were talking , it came up in conversation that my friend knew me , and he said he was a big fan , so my friend actually set up a meeting for me to meet Neal .
So that was really nice .
And at the time , they were waiting for the pick - up for their 11th season , and he said that they were looking to add a new female attorney , and what they were thinking now was toying with the idea of , instead of adding one new character full - time , they would add three or four that would do several episodes apiece .
That , for me , was perfect , because they shoot in New Jersey and I live in Los Angeles , and I had a toddler at the time .
So it worked out perfectly : they offered me that , I came onboard , and that was how I broke my maternity leave .
( Laughs )
BE : Was it like riding a bike ?
JR : You know , it ’s a little tougher than riding a bike , to be honest .
It took me a few days to sort of feel comfortable in my skin again , and in a different character , and remembering how it works to act before the camera … the continuity and all of those different things that you have to remember and keep track of .
But it was fun .
BE : So what was it like stepping into “ Leverage , ” where the cast had already been a cohesive unit ?
Not that you have n’t had some experience with that in the past , but did they make you feel at home ?
JR : You know what ?
They were amazing .
As you said , I ’ve been in this position several times before .
I ’m sort of a pinch hitter .
( Laughs ) “ Shark ” was the first show I joined from the very beginning , from the pilot on .
“ Star Trek : Voyager ” I was added Season 4 , my first series – “ Dark Skies ” – I was added in the middle of the season , “ and in “ Boston Public , ” I was added in Season 2 .
So I ’m used to walking into that kind of situation .
And I was an Army brat growing up , so I was always the new kid !
But they were amazing .
It ’s an amazing group of people , and they are so funny and so much fun to be around … the crew , the cast , everybody .
So , yeah , it was great , and it was a pretty seamless transition .
Everybody was very , very welcoming .
BE : When they first pitched you the role of Tara , did they let you know immediately how that first episode was going to end with a twist ?
JR : They did n’t have the first episode written .
( Laughs )
We actually shot out of order .
We shot my second episode … which is the winter season opener … first .
They did n’t know how exactly they were going to introduce her yet until we shot that one .
So , basically , we shot my first episode second , which was a little interesting .
BE : I should think .
Well , in that second episode ... or , rather , the first one you filmed … you got to play dress - up for your portrayal of a fashion designer , doing a whole photo shoot .
I know you did the pageant thing , but did you ever actually do any modeling ?
JR : Briefly .
Very briefly .
When I was in college , and then in my first year out of college , when I first moved to L.A .
But then I started acting often enough …or auditioning enough , at least … that I did n’t keep up with the modeling thing .
And I was a terrible model , anyway .
( Laughs ) I ’m not tall enough .
I ’m not built to be a model .
That was never my thing .
BE : So what was your knowledge of “ Leverage ” ?
Had you watched the show prior to coming aboard ?
JR : I knew of the show , but I had n’t actually seen it until I met Michael Ray , who ’s the head of TNT .
He gave me a few episodes to watch , and then Dean ( Devlin ) , the executive producer of the show , was nice enough to bring me into his offices and screen several more episodes .
But I love it .
This is the kind of show that I like , that I ’d watch .
Do you know what I mean ?
Its tone …it ’s fun , it does n’t take itself too seriously , and it ’s not just this big action shoot - ‘ em - up .
I love the banter , I love the pace of it , I love the lighthearted tone of it , but you still get tender moments and you still get a lot of character work .
I really enjoy it .
I really , really do .
I think it ’s very well done , and I think it hits all the right notes .
BE : So how much did they tell you about the character of Tara when they pitched it to you ?
" Oh , God , I so , so wanted to have a bonfire when ( ' Star Trek : Voyager ' ) ended .
I was so lobbying for them to let me just burn one of the corsets .
' Just one ! '
But , no .
It was so nice to get on a show with actual clothing ! "
JR : Well , when they first pitched it , they were just sort of working out the details , so I do n’t think they had her completely fleshed out .
I do n’t think they were entirely sure of who she was going to be yet .
But by the time we started shooting , John Rogers had sent me a very , very detailed character breakdown and back story .
Very detailed back story .
( Laughs )
Not all of which ends up onscreen , so there ’s still a lot of mystery for the audience about her .
But I do love how thought - out everything about her was .
And she ’s a riot !
I loved playing the character !
BE : Who ’s been your favorite person on the show to work with thus far ?
JR : Oh , my goodness …
BE : With the caveat that they ’re all great to work with , of course .
( Laughs )
JR : God , do I have to pick just one ?
See , you ’re going to get me in trouble .
But I loved …okay , in all honesty , my two best work experiences of my entire career have been “ Boston Public ” and “ Leverage , ” and the entire cast and crews and producers of both shows , I absolutely adored .
These were two very special work experiences , where you ’re jus tkind of working in this perfect little bubble , where all of the lements are right and everyone gets along and there ’s great energy and great personalities .
But if I ’ve got to pick one person ….?
Ugh !
But , okay , it ’s Beth Riesgraf , who plays Parker .
I just adore her beyond words .
I was ready to pack her in my suitcase and bring her home with me …and I ’m not even kidding .
She ’s so much fun and such a delight .
BE : I ’ve also seen the episode where you ’re in the Irish bar …
JR : … which I loved .
BE : I have to say that , uh , they really gave you some excellent wardrobe to work with .
JR : ( Laughs heartily ) Nadine Haders is the costume designer on “ Leverage , ” and I have to say that she did an amazing job working with Tara ’s character .
We had a lot of fun .
BE : I would guess that it ’d be entertaining to play a character where you get to unabashedly use sex appeal .
JR : Well , yeah , it was so refreshing , because she ’s so unapologetic about it .
“ Oh , you want me to case this bar ?
Okay , I ’m a barfly . ”
And I just love that about her : she ’s such a ballbuster , and she ’s so there , in your face , and does n’t care what anybody thinks .
Whatever it takes for her to get this job done , she ’s going to do it , and that was really refreshing and a lot of fun to play .
BE : So how close to Tara are you ?
JR : ( Hesitates ) Um … I think we share a sense of humor .
I ’ve got that sort of sarcastic , dry sense of humor sometimes .
But she ’s more out there than I am .
( Laughs ) I ’m not quite that comfortable .
But it was a ball to play her , I have to say .
BE : I wanted to ask you about a couple of other things you ’ve worked on over the years , the first being “ Shark . ”
Working with James Woods , at least based on the TCA panel , would seem to have been challenging but fun .
JR : Uh , yeah , that ’s a good way to put it .
( Laughs )
But , no , he ’s an amazing actor , of course .
Everybody knows his resume .
So it was pretty exciting to get to work with him .
BE : So if the show had returned for a third season , would you have returned with it ?
JR : Well , I was under contract , so … ( Starts to laugh )
BE : No , I understand that , but I did n’t know if , with your pregnancy , a possible departure had been discussed at all .
JR : No , I would ’ve gone back .
BE : You were on “ The O.C. ” for several episodes …
JR : Uh , yeah .
( Laughs )
BE : … but it seems to be a relatively universal opinion that you were great but the storyline never quite gelled with the series .
JR : Yeah .
BE : What was the experience itself like , though ?
JR : It was fun .
It was a great group of people , and everyone was very sweet .
Again , a group who were nice and welcoming to a new person being around , but …you know , it was light , it was a fluffy character .
It was a nighttime soap , so it was fun .
It was n’t any huge , deep , angst - ridden character work .
She was just …fun .
BE : With “ Boston Public , ” I know there was occasionally a battle as far as wanting to focus on the students versus the teachers .
Was that something that you were aware of at the time ?
JR : I did n’t experience that battle .
I was n’t even really aware of it .
For me , that was just this perfect little crystalline bubble of a work experience .
Everything about it was just amazing .
I mean , it was the first show I had ever worked on up to that point , and one of the very few still … ” Leverage ” is the only other one … where , literally , you go to set , they say , “ Camera ’s ready , ” every actor walks out of their dressing room , hangs up their phone , and you walk to set .
You do n’t keep 200 people on the crew waiting or other actors .
You do n’t say , ” I ’m not walking ‘ til so - and - so walks , ” or whatever .
Everybody there was so happy to be there , we were so proud of what we were doing , and we genuinely liked each other .
It was amazing .
It really was amazing .
So that was really refreshing and so much fun .
BE : On “ Star Trek : Voyager , ” how tired did you get of wearing the Seven of Nine costume ?
JR : ( Bursts out laughing )
Oh , God , I so , so wanted to have a bonfire when that show ended .
I was so lobbying for them to let me just burn one of the corsets .
“ Just one ! ” But , no .
( Laughs )
It was so nice to get on a show with actual clothing !
BE : What were your favorite episodes of “ Voyager ” ?
I ’d presume that you ’d include any one which did n’t involve wearing the costume .
JR : You know , I loved the ones where Seven was sort of experimenting with humanity , so some of the later seasons , there were episodes where she was …
( Hesitates )
Of course , I ’m not going to remember most of the names of the episodes , because I ’m a terrible “ Star Trek ” fan !
( Laughs ) “ Someone to Watch Over Me ” was one of them .
I think that was the one where the Doctor was …it was sort of “ Pygmalion , ” and he was teaching her how to be human and how to date and things like that , and he sort of started to fall in love with her a little bit .
It was very poignant and touching and very sweet .
So I loved that one .
And there was another one , I think it was in the last season , though I ca n’t remember right now … when she built this entire fantasy life on the holodeck and fell in love with Chakotay , then realized that she could n’t experience intense emotions because her Borg hardware would short out or whatever .
( Laughs )
They just ignored that entire storyline for the series finale , though .
That all just went by the wayside !
But that was a great episode that I enjoyed doing as well .
( Writer ’s note :
The episode in question is entitled “ Human Error , ” and it was indeed in the final season of “ Voyager . ” )
BE : I talked to Jonny Lee Miller a few months ago and asked him about working on “ Dracula 2000 . ”
JR : Oh , God. ( Laughs )
BE : He said the experience of making it was a great deal of fun , but the script was a lot more interesting than the film turned out to be .
JR : Yeah , that ’s exactly it .
Oh , yeah .
We were all doing it , thinking we were shooting “ The Matrix . ” ( Laughs )
BE : What was it like going into it and then discovering as it progressed that it was in no way going to shape up to be what you expected ?
JR : Well , I do n’t know that we really realized it while we were still shooting it .
I mean , I guess we suspected , but we were still thinking , “ Oh , no , no , there ’ll be the effects , and it ’ll be this and that . ”
But , uh , yeah , it was n’t .
( Laughs )
But it was fun shooting it .
BE : Last question : what ’s your favorite project that you ’ve worked on that did n’t get the love you thought it deserved ?
JR : My first series , “ Dark Skies . ” NBC gave it a huge send - off when they launched it , then they just left it to the wolves .
That was years and years and years ago , of course , but , yeah , they would pre-empt it , then they ’d announce that it was going to come back , but the fans never knew where to find it because it would bounce around from night to night .
But I think that was a great show that was n’t really given a fair chance .
BE : Well , it ’s been a pleasure talking to you again .
JR : You , too !
BE : I ’ve enjoyed the “ Leverage ” episodes that I ’ve seen , and I look forward to seeing more !
You can follow us on Twitter and Facebook for content updates .
Also , sign up for our email list for weekly updates and check us out on Google + as well .
Around the Web
: Thanks a lot .
Take care !
Pasadena , Calif .
I am stricken with the peculiar curse of being a 21st - century woman who makes more than the man she ’s living with  first with a husband for 13 years and now with a new partner .
It ’s an increasingly common situation , according to a recent Pew study that found that the proportion of American marriages in which the wife makes more money rose to 22 percent in 2007 from 4 percent in 1970 .
I do n’t know how it ’s going for my sisters , but as my 40s and Verizon bills and mortgage payments roll on , I seem to have an ever more recurring 1950s housewife fantasy .
In this magical Technicolor world , the breadwinner husband , Brad , leaves home ( where his duties are limited to mowing the lawn and various minor home repairs ) at 7 a.m .
When he returns from work at 6 p.m. , aside from a savory roast with mashed potatoes , his homemaker wife , Nancy , has pipe , slippers and a tray of Manhattans ready .
The couple sink into easy chairs and get pleasantly soused while Brad recounts his workday battles .
Through a dreamy mixed - bourbon haze , Nancy makes gentle cooing sounds like “ Ah ! ” and “ Oh ! ” and “ Did the central manager really say that in the meeting ?
They do n’t appreciate all the hard work you do !
Oh , Brad ! ”
Nancy has her active - listener face on for several reasons .
One is that her 1950s housewife day ( stay with me , I admitted this was a fantasy ) was an agreeable roundelay of kitchen puttering and grocery shopping and , once home , the placing of those comestibles in the icebox via the precise  or charmingly imprecise  geometry Nancy favors .
She jokes that Brad , poor dear , could n’t find the icebox if you asked him !
Foreclosure rate : One in 251 homes
Percent increase : 1,197 %
The foreclosure plague rocked McAllen , Texas , during the third quarter .
In fact , it showed the fastest growth rate of any city compared to the second quarter .
Located in one of the poorest sections of the country -- the Rio Grande Valley , five hours south of San Antonio -- it is a classic border town .
It relies heavily on trade with Mexico , with 35 % of its retail market derived from Mexican nationals coming to shop and dine .
Plus , the unemployment is high .
The area 's rate now stands at 11.4 % , compared with Texas ' overall 8.2 % .
Still , until this quarter , it had counted a low foreclosure rate among its assets .
In fact , that helped propel the city to No. 26 on CNNMoney 's Best Places to Launch list in 2009 .
Dick Henry , president of Greater McAllen Association of Realtors , said the area did n't start to feel the housing crunch until late 2008 .
The wave crested the city slowly through the first part of 2009 , with July actually being a strong month .
" But boy , August and September went straight to hell , " Henry explained .
He worries , too , that things will get worse because most of the region 's loans are ARMs .
" People get sucked into the lower money down , and then they can't afford their homes once rates are jacked up , " Henry said .
" I now see 110 pages of foreclosure listings per month , compared to 45 pages in the first quarter .
I do n't see that slowing down anytime soon . "
President Obama last year praised the Mayo Clinic as a " classic example " of how a health - care provider can offer " better outcomes " at lower cost .
Then what should Americans think about the famous Minnesota medical center 's decision to take fewer Medicare patients ?
Specifically , Mayo said last week it will no longer accept Medicare patients at one of its primary care clinics in Arizona .
Mayo said the decision is part of a two - year pilot program to determine if it should also drop Medicare patients at ...
( CNN ) --
After only one show Down Under , Britney Spears ' Australian tour is already turning into quite the " Circus " as the government weighs in on lip - synching and angry fans storm out of Spears ' first performance .
According to Australian news reports , disgruntled fans left Spears ' show at the Perth Burswood Dome only three songs into the concert , complaining of a lackluster performance , apparent lip- synching and their inability to see Spears on the jumbo screens onstage .
" We are really big Britney fans , but it was crap , " Josh Blee complained to Australia 's News Limited newspapers .
" I thought after the music awards she would make up for it with a wicked concert , but she has let us down . "
Some fans had paid up to $ 1,500 AUD to watch the show from a two - person loveseat " ringside " at the circus - themed concert .
Regular seats were sold for $ 200 AUD .
The Australian tour is Spears ' first of the continent .
The concert exodus came on the heels of the Australian government 's calls for full disclosure from celebrities , namely Spears , who choose to lip - synch during a live concert performance in their country .
Virginia Judge , the minister for fair trading for the Australian state of New South Wales , announced this week that she was considering requiring artists such as Spears to include a disclaimer on tickets if parts of their show would be pre-taped .
" It is Britney 's ' prerogative ' to lip-sync , and it is my job to make sure consumers know what they are paying for up front , " Judge said in a statement released by the government .
" Australians would not tolerate a ' Mickey Mouse performance , ' Judge told Sydney 's Daily Telegraph .
" Let 's be clear : Live means live .
If you are spending up to 200 dollars , I think you deserve better than a film clip . "
December 2nd , 2009 | by Ethan Jaynes |
Crouching Tiger Hidden Kitten , Pic .
I hate posting back to back kitten posts , but I figured I would just get this out of my system .
I have been holding on to it for too long .
I do like that the owners of these kittens most likely did not “ wait ” for this pic to happen .
They most likely hurled the kittens at each other several times , and this is the outcome of one shoot .
When Ted Estarija of Hayward , Calif. , added his 13 - year - old son to his Verizon account , he thought it would cost him an additional $ 50 a month .
He had the phone company restrict his son's calls and texts .
Dad forgot about downloads .
Estarija , who recently lost his job , now owes Verizon $ 21,917.59 .
His bill shows that his son downloaded 1.5 million kilobytes of data .
" I was completely caught off guard , " Estarija told KTVU - TV in Oakland .
" This is outrageous .
It seems like it comes to almost $ 100 a minute .
There 's no way I can pay this , so [ I 'll do ] whatever I can to get this resolved . "
He said his son is not entirely at fault .
" I put more blame on Verizon than anybody .
They should n't allow this to happen . "
A Verizon spokeswoman told the station the company would work with Estarija to resolve the bill .
But Estarija said he 's more concerned about his son , who has become despondent over the financial trouble and emotional distress he 's caused his father .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
LA JOLLA , CA - January 25 , 2010 - A team of scientists from The Scripps Research Institute has found that a specific stress hormone , the corticotropin - releasing factor ( CRF ) , is key to the development and maintenance of alcohol dependence in animal models .
Chemically blocking the stress factor also blocked the signs and symptoms of addiction , suggesting a potentially promising area for future drug development .
The article , the culmination of more than six years of research , will appear in an upcoming print edition of the journal Biological Psychiatry .
" I 'm excited about this study , " said Associate Professor Marisa Roberto , who led the research .
" It represents an important step in understanding how the brain changes when it moves from a normal to an alcohol - dependent state . "
The new study not only confirms the central role of CRF in alcohol addiction using a variety of different methods , but also shows that in rats the hormone can be blocked on a long - term basis to alleviate the symptoms of alcohol dependence .
Previous research had implicated CRF in alcohol dependence , but had shown the effectiveness of blocking CRF only in acute single doses of an antagonist ( a substance that interferes the physiological action of another ) .
The current study used three different types of CRF antagonists , all of which showed an anti-alcohol effect via the CRF system .
In addition , the chronic administration of the antagonist for 23 days blocked the increased drinking associated with alcohol dependence .
Out of Control
Alcoholism , a chronic disease characterized by compulsive use of alcohol and loss of control over alcohol intake , is devastating both to individuals and their families and to society in general .
About a third of the approximately 40,000 traffic fatalities every year involve drunk drivers , and direct and indirect public health costs are estimated to be in the hundreds of billions of dollars yearly .
" Research to understand alcoholism is important for society , " said Roberto , a 2010 recipient of the prestigious Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers .
" Our study explored what we call in the field ' the dark side ' of alcohol addiction .
That 's the compulsion to drink , not because it is pleasurable -- which has been the focus of much previous research -- but because it relieves the anxiety generated by abstinence and the stressful effects of withdrawal . "
CRF is a natural substance involved in the body 's stress response .
Originally found only in the area of the brain known as the hypothalamus , it has now been localized in other brain regions , including the pituitary , where it stimulates the secretion of corticotropin and other biologically active substances , and the amygdala , an area that has been implicated in the elevated anxiety , withdrawal , and excessive drinking associated with alcohol dependence .
To confirm the role of CRF in the central amygdala for alcohol dependence , the research team used a multidisciplinary approach that included electrophysiological methods not previously applied to this problem .
The results from these cellular studies showed that CRF increased the strength of inhibitory synapses ( junctions between two nerve cells ) in neurons in a manner similar to alcohol .
This change occurred through the increased release of the neurotransmitter GABA , which plays an important role in regulating neuronal excitability .
Blocking the Stress Response
Next , the team explored if the effects of CRF could be blocked through the administration of CRF antagonists .
To do this , the scientists tested three different CRF1 antagonists ( called antalarmin , NIH - 3 , and R121919 ) against alcohol in brain slices and injected R121919 for 23 - days into the brains of rats that were exposed to conditions that would normally produce a dependence on alcohol .
Remarkably , the behavior of the " alcohol - dependent " rats receiving one of the CRF antagonists ( R121919 ) mimicked their non-addicted ( " naïve " ) counterparts .
Instead of seeking out large amounts of alcohol like untreated alcohol - dependent rats , both the treated rats and their non-addicted brethren self - administered alcohol in only moderate amounts .
" This critical observation suggests that increased activation of CRF systems mediates the excessive drinking associated with development of dependence , " said Roberto .
" In other words , blocking CRF with prolonged CRF1 antagonist administration may prevent excessive alcohol consumption under a variety of behavioral and physiological conditions . "
Importantly , in the study the rats did not exhibit tolerance to the suppressive effects of R121919 on alcohol drinking .
In fact , they may have become even more sensitive to its effects over time - - a good sign for the efficacy of this type of compound as it might be used repeatedly in a clinical setting .
The scientists ' cellular studies also supported the promising effects of CRF1 antagonists .
All of the CRF antagonists decreased basal GABAergic responses and abolished alcohol effects .
Alcohol - dependent rats exhibited heightened sensitivity to CRF and the CRF1 antagonists on GABA release in the central amygdala region of the brain .
CRF1 antagonist administration into the central amygdala reversed dependence - related elevations in extracellular GABA and blocked alcohol - induced increases in extracellular GABA in both dependent and naive rats .
The levels of CRF and CRF1 mRNA in the central amygdala of dependent rats were also elevated .
Roberto notes that another intriguing aspect of the work is that it provides a possible physiological link between stress - related behaviors , emotional disorders ( i.e. stress disorders , anxiety , depression ) , and the development of alcohol dependence .
###
In addition to Roberto , the paper , " CRF - induced Amygdala GABA Release Plays a Key Role in Alcohol Dependence , " was co-authored by Maureen T. Cruz , Nicholas W. Gilpin , Valentina Sabino , Paul Schweitzer , Michal Bajo , Pietro Cottone , Samuel G. Madamba , David G. Stouffer , Eric P. Zorrilla , George F. Koob , George R. Siggins , and Loren H. Parsons , all of Scripps Research .
For more information , see Biological Psychiatry .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20060104?log$=activity
This research was supported by the National Institutes of Health 's National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism ( NIAAA ) and National Institute on Drug Abuse ( NIDA ) , as well as the Pearson Center for Alcoholism and Addiction Research and the Harold L. Dorris Neurological Research Institute , both at Scripps Research .
About The Scripps Research Institute
The Scripps Research Institute is one of the world 's largest independent , non-profit biomedical research organizations , at the forefront of basic biomedical science that seeks to comprehend the most fundamental processes of life .
Scripps Research is internationally recognized for its discoveries in immunology , molecular and cellular biology , chemistry , neurosciences , autoimmune , cardiovascular , and infectious diseases , and synthetic vaccine development .
Established in its current configuration in 1961 , it employs approximately 3,000 scientists , postdoctoral fellows , scientific and other technicians , doctoral degree graduate students , and administrative and technical support personnel .
Scripps Research is headquartered in La Jolla , California .
It also includes Scripps Florida , whose researchers focus on basic biomedical science , drug discovery , and technology development .
Scripps Florida is located in Jupiter , Florida .
( CNN ) --
One returned to her Haitian roots , to give voice to women , honor their stories and shape their futures .
Another urged women to pack a courtroom in Haiti , where she succeeded in getting a guilty verdict against a man who battered his wife .
A third joined the others and helped change the law to make rape , long a political weapon in Haiti , a punishable crime .
Myriam Merlet , Magalie Marcelin and Anne Marie Coriolan , founders of three of the country 's most important advocacy organizations working on behalf of women and girls , are confirmed dead -- victims of last week 's 7.0 earthquake .
Remembering the victims of the Haiti earthquake
And their deaths have left members of the women 's movement , Haitian and otherwise , reeling .
" Words are missing for me .
I lost a large chunk of my personal , political and social life , " Carolle Charles wrote in an e-mail to colleagues .
The Haitian - born sociology professor at Baruch College in New York is chair of Dwa Fanm ( meaning " Women 's Rights " in Creole ) , a Brooklyn - based advocacy group .
These women " were my friends , my colleagues and my associates .
I cannot envision going to Haiti without seeing them . "
Myriam Merlet was until recently the chief of staff of Haiti's Ministry for Gender and the Rights of Women , established in 1995 , and still served as a top adviser .
She died after being trapped beneath her collapsed Port - au - Prince home , Charles said .
She was 53 .
i Report : A tribute to Merlet
Merlet , an author as well as an activist , fled Haiti in the 1970s .
She studied in Canada , steeping herself in economics , women 's issues , feminist theory and political sociology .
In the mid-1980s , she returned to her homeland .
In " Walking on Fire : Haitian Women 's Stories of Survival and Resistance , " published in 2001 , she contributed an essay , " The More People Dream , " in which she described what brought her back .
" While I was abroad I felt the need to find out who I was and where my soul was .
I chose to be a Haitian woman , " she wrote .
" We 're a country in which three - fourths of the people can't read and do n't eat properly .
I 'm an integral part of the situation .
I am not in Canada in a black ghetto , or an extraterrestrial from outer space .
I am a Haitian woman .
I do n't mean to say that I am responsible for the problems .
But still , as a Haitian woman , I must make an effort so that all together we can extricate ourselves from them . "
She was a founder of Enfofamn , an organization that raises awareness about women through media , collects stories and works to honor their names .
Among her efforts , she set out to get streets named after Haitian women who came before her , Charles said .
Dubbed a " Vagina Warrior , " she was remembered Tuesday by her friend Eve Ensler , the award - winning playwright and force behind V - Day , a global movement to end violence against women and girls .
" She was very bold , " said Ensler , who at Merlet 's insistence brought her play " The Vagina Monologues " to Haiti and helped establish safe houses for women in Port - au - Prince and Cap Haitien .
" She had an incredible vision of what was possible for Haitian women , and she lifted their spirits .
...
And we had such a wonderful time .
I remember her dancing in the streets of New Orleans and just being so alive . "
Magalie Marcelin , a lawyer and actress who appeared in films and on stage , established Kay Fanm , a women 's rights organization that deals with domestic violence , offers services and shelter to women and makes microcredits , or loans , available to women working in markets , said Charles , the chair of Dwa Fanm .
Charles remembered a visit to Haiti about two years ago when Marcelin , believed to be in her mid-50s , called seeking help .
Hoping to deflect the political clout of a defendant in court , she asked for women to come out in droves and pack the courtroom .
Charles watched as the man on trial was convicted for battering his wife .
Her death has been reported through various media outlets , and was confirmed to CNN by Carribbean Radio Television based in Port - au - Prince .
Her own daughter helped dig her body out from rubble in the aftermath of the quake , Charles said she learned when she got the call from Marcelin 's cousin .
In an interview last year with the Haitian Times , Marcelin spoke of the image of a drum that adorned public awareness stickers .
" It 's very symbolic in the Haitian cultural imagination , " Marcelin said , according to the Haitian Times report .
" The sound of the drum is the sound of freedom , it 's the sound of slaves breaking with slavery . "
With Merlet , Anne Marie Coriolan , 53 , served as a top adviser to the women 's rights ministry .
Coriolan , who died when her boyfriend 's home collapsed , was the founder of Solidarite Fanm Ayisyen ( Solidarity with Haitian Women , or SOFA ) , which Charles described as an advocacy and services organization .
Her daughter , Wani Thelusmon Coriolan , said in Haiti children bear only their father 's surname , but her mother insisted on keeping her maiden name and making sure her two children shared it , too .
" She said my dad was not the only one who created me .
She was involved , too , " her 24 - year - old daughter , who lives and is studying in Montreal , Quebec , said with a laugh .
Even though Wani and her brother no longer live in Haiti ( he is in Paris , France ) , she said her mother was determined to make sure they were proud of their homeland .
" She loved her country .
She never stopped believing in Haiti .
She said that when you have a dream you have to fight for it , " Wani said .
" She wanted women to have equal rights .
She wanted women to hold their heads high . "
Coriolan was a political organizer who helped bring rape -- " an instrument of terror and war , " Charles said -- to the forefront of Haitian courts .
Before 2005 , rapes in Haiti were treated as nothing more than " crimes of passion , " Charles explained .
That changed because of the collective efforts of these women activists -- and others they inspired .
With the three leaders gone , there is concern about the future of Haiti 's women and girls .
Even with all that 's been achieved , the struggle for equality and against violence remains enormous .
The chaos that 's taken over the devastated nation heightens those worries , said Taina Bien - Aimé , the executive director of Equality Now , a human rights organization dedicated to women .
Before the disaster struck last week , a survey of Haitian women and girls showed an estimated 72 percent had been raped , according to study done by Kay Fanm .
And at least 40 percent of the women surveyed were victims of domestic violence , Bien - Aimé said .
And humanitarian emergencies have been linked to increased violence and exploitation in the past , she said .
" From where we stand , " Bien - Aimé wrote in an e-mail , " the most critical and urgent issue is what , if any , contingencies the relief / humanitarian agencies are putting in place not only to ensure that women have easy access to food , water and medical care , but to guarantee their protection . "
Concerned women in the New York area plan to gather Wednesday to strategize their next steps , Ensler said .
And while they will certainly keep mourning , she and the others are hopeful that Haitian women , inspired by these fallen heros and leaders , will forge ahead -- keeping their fight and legacies alive .
Ian Quance , bereavement services and cemeteries manager at Exeter City Council , said : " It can be a problem .
Larger people take up more space .
If the worst comes to the worst , we will keep the family away and the coffin will be taken in on a truck .
It is not the most dignified way out .
With a very large person , of about 30 stone , it looks like a small wardrobe going down .
It is not possible to get enough bearers to do it . "
dude everything is on discovery channel and national geographic channel ,
i learnt that the genitals of male and female hyenas are impossible to tell apart by just looking .
and yes it is true
Whether your tastes change faster than you can say “ interior design ” or you want something that will keep your security deposit safely intact , you should know that removable wallpaper is n’t just for kids anymore .
These days , Tempaper Designs is here to bring you fresh and modern ta …
By Tara Mastroeni in Inspiration
A replica of the original sign ( above ) has been erected .
Photo : Edward Serotta
The theft of the " Arbeit Macht Frei " - Work Sets
You Free - sign that hung over the entrance gate to the Auschwitz camp was nothing less than a desecration , writes Rabbi Andrew Baker .
It is ironic that on the same day that the German government announced it would contribute 60 m euro to help preserve the Auschwitz - Birkenau death camp , the iconic entry sign reading , " Arbeit macht frei " , was stolen .
Auschwitz has become both symbol and shorthand for the Holocaust .
And that sign - with its twisted and false message that work will bring one freedom rather than suffering and certain death - is immediately recognisable as its nameplate .
Photo : Edward Serotta , Centropa
Symbol of death and defiance Auschwitz : Past and present Audio - slideshow : Auschwitz decay The Auschwitz State Museum , responsible for the preserving the site , had recently embarked on a major campaign to raise more than 100 m euros ( $ 143 m ; 88 m ) to ensure the permanent protection and preservation of the site and its contents - from victims ' suitcases , and inmates ' graffiti , to wooden barracks , barbed wire fences , rail platform and crematoria .
There can be no copies or reproductions ; visitors must see only what was real .
In that way they will be bear witness to the very objects and structures which in turn remain the mute eyewitness to what happened there .
Perhaps that is what makes the theft of this sign so shocking and essentially irreplaceable .
Auschwitz is surely the very antithesis of a cathedral - not a spiritual temple evoking heaven but a hellish factory of death .
Yet , in this opposite universe those scrolled letters were its altarpiece , and its theft a desecration .
These days museums instruct and educate with a wide variety of tools and techniques , reproductions , virtual images and the creative use of limited artefacts .
The site attracts more than 1 million visitors a year : Photo : Edward Serotta
Both the United States Holocaust Museum in Washington and Yad Vashem in Jerusalem tell the story in powerful and sophisticated ways , leaving the visitor shaken and emotionally distraught .
In contrast , the Auschwitz State Museum encompasses a collection of dated national pavilions housed in the camp 's stone barracks .
Designed in the 1950s , it is a poor pedagogic instrument in desperate need of updating .
But all this is really secondary .
The visitor to Auschwitz knows he is walking along that same platform where half a century ago Dr Mengele was directing victims to the gas chambers .
He is looking at the same electrified fence that had imprisoned countless slave labourers .
And he is walking through the same gate and beneath the very same sign that cynically offered hope , but in reality promised only destruction .
Or at least he was until Friday .
Rabbi Andrew Baker is Director of International Jewish Affairs of the American Jewish Committee and a Member of the Polish Government 's International Auschwitz Council .
He also serves as the Personal Representative of the OSCE Chair in Office on Combating anti-Semitism .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How , you wondered , could an author follow the smash finding - herself chartbuster Eat , Pray Love ?
Here 's your answer : Committed : A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage .
Advertisement
Elizabeth Gilbert is an easy target .
Ever since Eat , Pray , Love , she 's been a byword for a certain kind of navel - gazing modern entitlement that cherry - picks from cultures and spiritual traditions in a quest for self - fulfillment .
Yet the phenomenal success of that book shows Gilbert was onto something - or at least that she 's a likable enough writer that she can get away with a lot .
And it 's true : in that book , whenever you felt like you could n't take another moment of the author 's peripatetic self - exploration or listen to another bit of folk wisdom , she 'd give you humor , or self - awareness , that made you read just a little more .
And by book 's end , when she 'd eaten and prayed her way across the globe and rediscovered her authentic self and recovered from her nasty divorce , we were happy for her to find love with a courtly gem - dealer and love happily ever after .
Enter Memoir # 2 . Book # 2 , like the sophomore album , is tricky .
( And although she 's written a number of other books , this is certainly memoir # 2 . )
Like the sophomore album , an artist who made his name chronicling the push for success has to deal with the fact that he knows , and we know , that as a result he's now rich and famous and not really one of us at all .
Julie Powell addressed it by fleeing to a butcher shop .
Gilbert , for her part , has ignored the success - or , at any rate , chosen to set her second chronicle in the window between the first book 's writing and its triumph .
As such , we find her still an everywoman of sorts , and without the means to skate through life as we tend to imagine the phenomenally successful do .
And that 's no small point , because this is the story of red tape .
Specifically , of the red tape that forces Gilbert and her adoring partner , Felipe , to marry for legal reasons - despite a stated vow never to go through the hell , hypocrisy and arbitrary binding of that ordeal ever again .
Advertisement
The book , then , finds Liz and Felipe waiting out their legal woes before they can marry .
Because this is Gilbert , it means hanging out all over the world , and gaining insights and truths about her own life from various wholly unrelated peoples .
It also means a lot of research : Gilbert is someone who , by her own admission , made her decision not to have children based on a program of organized research , reading , and interviewing .
Now , she applies the same principles to marriage , wanting , this time around , to go in with an idea of what she 's getting herself into .
And so she reads about the practice 's beginnings and antecedents , its basis in business , its connection to the church , its romanticization , its general historic pragmatism .
To her dismay , she finds that marriage has , traditionally , frequently been a business exchange that subjugates women .
Anyone who 's contemplated marriage has , at least ideally , put some thought into what it means in a time when neither society nor security demands it .
Gilbert 's inquiry differs in that the marriage is a foregone conclusion .
( The unworthy amongst us , whose concerns about marriage tend towards the material , might think resentfully that since children and finances are off the table , it 's a rather easier question than it might otherwise be . )
One thing I really wondered , reading the book , was whether it could serve as a useful primer for other women contemplating the estate - whether , in other words , it holds larger application .
( I 'd already deemed its entertainment value to be somewhat lacking . )
Well , yes and no : what Gilbert unearths , although familiar to most people who 've done a survey course , is interesting and at times thought - provoking .
However , her conclusions are necessarily personal - and , of course , moot , given that the book 's going to end , inevitably , with a wedding .
If there 's an arc to the book , it 's whether she 'll resign herself to it .
And just as Eat , Pray , Love ended neatly ( if serendipitously ) with romantic love , so too does this end happily with a wedding to which the author is more than resigned .
Because , of course , marriage defies logic .
Gilbert 's book , like the predecessor , is saved from its worst faults by the author herself , who comes off as a nice person , generous - spirited , whom one would n't mind sharing a chai with .
And that 's a good thing : at one point Felipe , who adores her , rebels at having to sit through an endless , rocky south Asian bus trip to a vague destination of Gilbert 's choosing .
The reader knows how he feels .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Committed : A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage
Cass Sunstein has long been one of Barack Obama 's closest confidants .
Often mentioned as a likely Obama nominee to the Supreme Court , Sunstein is currently Obama 's head of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs where , among other things , he is responsible for " overseeing policies relating to privacy , information quality , and statistical programs . "
In 2008 , while at Harvard Law School , Sunstein co-wrote a truly pernicious paper proposing that the U.S. Government employ teams of covert agents and pseudo - " independent " advocates to " cognitively infiltrate " online groups and websites -- as well as other activist groups -- which advocate views that Sunstein deems " false conspiracy theories " about the Government .
This would be designed to increase citizens ' faith in government officials and undermine the credibility of conspiracists .
The paper 's abstract can be read , and the full paper downloaded , here .
Sunstein advocates that the Government 's stealth infiltration should be accomplished by sending covert agents into " chat rooms , online social networks , or even real - space groups . "
He also proposes that the Government make secret payments to so - called " independent " credible voices to bolster the Government 's messaging ( on the ground that those who do n't believe government sources will be more inclined to listen to those who appear independent while secretly acting on behalf of the Government ) .
This program would target those advocating false " conspiracy theories , " which they define to mean : " an attempt to explain an event or practice by reference to the machinations of powerful people , who have also managed to conceal their role . "
Sunstein 's 2008 paper was flagged by this blogger , and then amplified in an excellent report by Raw Story 's Daniel Tencer .
Continued
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Warren Buffett said he 's making an " all - in wager on the economic future of the United States " with the purchase of railroad Burlington Northern Santa Fe .
Let 's hope it 's a bet that Buffett wins .
The Oracle of Omaha stunned the markets Tuesday with the announcement that his holding company Berkshire Hathaway ( BRKA , Fortune 500 ) was scooping up the remaining 77 % of Burlington Northern ( BNI , Fortune 500 ) that it did n't already own .
He 's paying $ 100 a share , a 31.5 % premium to Monday 's closing price .
Unsurprisingly , shares of Burlington shot up nearly 30 % Tuesday .
Choo -choo !
And even though the Burlington deal may not spark a massive wave of consolidation in the railroad industry , do n't tell that to traders .
Shares of the other big three U.S. railroads -- Union Pacific ( UNP , Fortune 500 ) , CSX ( CSX , Fortune 500 ) and Norfolk Southern ( NSC , Fortune 500 ) -- all rose by at least 5 % Tuesday .
Smaller railroad Kansas City Southern ( KSU ) was chugging along with a more than 7 % gain .
But if the Burlington deal ignites legitimate interest in the rails as well as the transportation sector at large , that is undoubtedly good news .
Many financial experts believe that the performance of railroads , truckers and other transportation companies is a good leading indicator of how the economy and broader market will do .
To that end , it 's been an encouraging sign that the Dow Jones Transportation Average , or the DJ Transports for short , has outperformed the Dow 30 since the market hit its low point for the year in early March .
However , transportation stocks have also experienced a bigger slip from their highs in recent weeks than the Dow industrials .
So if Buffett is calling a bottom for this sector , it might be the case that he 's making the same call for the overall U.S. economy .
" Burlington Northern is one of those companies that should do better as the economy rebounds .
The deal is affirmation of the notion that things are getting better .
Railroads and other transports are as cyclical as cyclical gets , " said Ted Parrish , co-manager of the Henssler Equity fund .
Parrish does not own shares of Burlington Northern but his fund does own shares of shipping firm C.H. Robinson Worldwide ( CHRW , Fortune 500 ) , which is one of the 20 stocks in the DJ Transports .
He said the endorsement of the transportation sector by Buffett could provide a nice boost in confidence for the group .
The reason that a rebound in the fortunes of railroads , truckers and air freight carriers speaks well for the economy 's prospects is fairly simple .
Increased demand for transportation services is probably a sign that companies are manufacturing and producing more goods that need to be shipped to warehouses , retailers and -- eventually -- consumers .
So if Buffett is getting ahead of that expected rebound by purchasing Burlington Northern now , he must be fairly confident about the chances of a recovery .
" Buffett is a pretty canny investor , as he has shown over many decades .
If international trade is picking up and there starts to be more life in consumer spending , having a bigger investment in railroads makes a lot of sense , " said Bob Baur , chief global economist with Principal Global Investors in Des Moines , Iowa .
So as stodgy as railroads and other transportation companies may seem in this era of instant gratification consumption , the sector is still vital to the nation 's economic health .
Buffett admitted as much in Berkshire 's statement about the Burlington acquisition .
" Our country 's future prosperity depends on its having an efficient and well - maintained rail system , " he said .
Of course , Buffett may be early , or dare I say it , even wrong about his bet on a broader economic rebound .
Granted , that 's highly unlikely given his track record .
But it 's worth pointing out that while the Burlington takeover news helped spark a big rally in the DJ Transports Tuesday , it was n't enough to lift the whole market .
Stocks were mixed , with the Dow finishing the day lower and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq up slightly .
For some reason , the enthusiasm about the deal was confined just to the transportation sector .
Not even the news of another big merger late Monday , the acquisition of tool maker Black & Decker by rival Stanley Works , was able to get investors in a cheery mood .
That makes sense since it 's still highly uncertain just how strong the economic recovery will be .
As long as the job market continues to remain anemic -- the announcement of 8,000 job cuts by consumer healthcare products behemoth Johnson & Johnson Tuesday is an unwelcome sign -- it 's hard to get too excited about the state of the economy .
And unfortunately , not even Buffett has enough of a Midas touch to get the unemployment rate moving lower again .
" The market is really focused on the short - term and Buffett and Berkshire are making a very long - term investment .
Investors are nervous because this is a time of transition in the economy .
People realize that it 's going to take a while for the economy to improve , " said Kate Warne , market strategist with Edward Jones in St. Louis .
Talkback :
Do you agree with Warren Buffett that the U.S. must have a strong railroad system ?
Share your comments below .
A new analysis of the geological record of the Earth 's sea level , carried out by scientists at Princeton and Harvard universities and published in the Dec. 16 issue of Nature , employs a novel statistical approach that reveals the planet 's polar ice sheets are vulnerable to large - scale melting even under moderate global warming scenarios .
Such melting would lead to a large and relatively rapid rise in global sea level .
According to the analysis , an additional 2 degrees of global warming could commit the planet to 6 to 9 meters ( 20 to 30 feet ) of long - term sea level rise .
This rise would inundate low - lying coastal areas where hundreds of millions of people now reside .
It would permanently submerge New Orleans and other parts of southern Louisiana , much of southern Florida and other parts of the U.S. East Coast , much of Bangladesh , and most of the Netherlands , unless unprecedented and expensive coastal protection were undertaken .
And while the researchers ' findings indicate that such a rise would likely take centuries to complete , if emissions of greenhouse gases are not abated , the planet could be committed during this century to a level of warming sufficient to trigger this outcome .
The study was written by Robert Kopp , who conducted the work as a postdoctoral researcher in Princeton 's Department of Geosciences and Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs ; Frederik Simons , an assistant professor of geosciences at Princeton ; Jerry Mitrovica , a professor of geophysics at Harvard ; Adam Maloof , an assistant professor of geosciences at Princeton ; and Michael Oppenheimer , a professor of geosciences and international affairs in Princeton 's Woodrow Wilson School .
As part of the study , the researchers compiled an extensive database of geological sea level indicators for a period known as the last interglacial stage about 125,000 years ago .
Polar temperatures during this stage were likely 3 to 5 degrees Celsius ( 5 to 9 degrees Fahrenheit ) warmer than today , as is expected to occur in the future if temperatures reach about 2 to 3 degrees Celsius ( about 4 to 6 degrees Fahrenheit ) above pre-industrial levels .
" The last interglacial stage provides a historical analog for futures with a fairly moderate amount of warming ; the high sea levels during the stage suggest that significant chunks of major ice sheets could disappear over a period of centuries in such futures , " Kopp said .
" Yet if the global economy continues to depend heavily on fossil fuels , we 're on track to have significantly more warming by the end of century than occurred during the last interglacial .
I find this somewhat worrisome . "
Oppenheimer added , " Despite the uncertainties inherent in such a study , these findings should send a strong message to the governments negotiating in Copenhagen that the time to avoid disastrous outcomes may run out sooner than expected . "
Previous geological studies of sea level benchmarks such as coral reefs and beaches had shown that , at many localities , local sea levels during the last interglacial stage were higher than today .
But local sea levels differ from those in this earlier stage ; one major contributing factor is that the changing masses of the ice sheets alter the planet 's gravitational field and deform the solid Earth .
As a consequence , inferring global sea level from local geological sea level markers requires a geographically broad data set , a model of the physics of sea level , and a means to integrate the two .
The study 's authors provide all three , integrating the data and the physics with a statistical approach that allows them to assess the probability distribution of past global sea level and its rate of change .
The researchers determined through their analysis that there is a 95 percent probability that , during the last interglacial stage , global sea level peaked more than 6.6 meters ( 22 feet ) above its present level .
They further found that it is unlikely ( with a 33 percent probability ) that global sea level during this period exceeded 9.4 meters ( 31 feet ) .
Sea levels during the last interglacial stage are of interest to scientists and important to policymakers for several reasons .
Most notably , the last interglacial stage is relatively recent by geological standards , making it feasible for climate scientists to develop a credible sea level record for the period , and is the most recent time period when average global temperatures and polar temperatures were somewhat higher than today .
Because it was slightly warmer , the period can help scientists understand the stability of polar ice sheets and the future rate of sea level rise under low to moderate global warming scenarios .
The findings indicate that sea level during the last interglacial stage rose for centuries at least two to three times faster than the recent rate , and that both the Greenland and West Antarctic ice sheet likely shrank significantly and made important contributions to sea level rise .
However , the relative timing of temperature change and sea level change during the last interglacial stage is fairly uncertain , so it is not possible to infer from the analysis how long an exposure to peak temperatures during this stage was needed to commit the planet to peak sea levels .
LOS ANGELES —
The Sharks thought they knew exactly which part of their game needed improvement Monday night when they faced the Los Angeles Kings , and events proved them right .
“ The focus for us was on special teams , both the power play and the penalty kill .
I thought our PK did a real good job and the power play got us a big goal , ” forward Dany Heatley said .
Classic understatement .
One week after the Kings embarrassed the Sharks at HP Pavilion , San Jose eked out a hard - fought 2 - 1 victory at the Staples Center .
One week after the Sharks penalty kill gave up three goals , the Kings went 0 - for - 5 on the power play .
And that big power play goal that Heatley referred to ?
He scored it by batting his own rebound out of the air from just outside the crease for the game - winner .
San Jose ’s other goal was credited to Dan Boyle while defenseman Randy Jones scored for Los Angeles .
The regulation victory was the Sharks ’ first in five tries against the Kings , and much of the credit in the locker room afterward went to goalie Evgeni Nabokov , who stopped 33 of the 34 shots he faced .
Many of the toughest came while the Kings had the man advantage .
So what adjustments did the Sharks make that helped turn things around while short - handed ?
“ Small ones , ” coach Todd McLellan said .
“ We just wanted to fine - tune it , ” said Scott Nichol , a regular on the penalty kill .
“ Bottom line is that Nabby was making saves and we were getting down blocking shots . ”
The Sharks faced Kings backup goalie Erik Ersberg , not Jonathan Quick , who leads the NHL in minutes played .
Ersberg replaced Quick in the Kings ’ loss to St. Louis on Saturday night , and coach Terry Murray stuck with Ersberg against the Sharks .
San Jose came up with the only goal of the opening 20 minutes .
With fourth - line forward Brad Staubitz screening Ersberg , a shot from the right point by defenseman Dan Boyle found its way through the five - hole and into the back of the Kings net at 3:54 .
Originally credited to Staubitz , the goal was later given to Boyle .
“ I thought it might have hit me , ” Staubitz said .
“ I would have liked to have it , but who knows ? ”
Nabokov made two of his biggest saves of the night later in the first period while the Kings were on the power play .
Dustin Brown got off a quick shot from point - blank and seconds later the Sharks goalie got his stick on a tricky redirect by Alexander Frolov .
In the second period , high - sticking penalties to Kings defensemen Alec Martinez and Jack Johnson gave San Jose a two - man advantage for 28 seconds .
The Kings survived that , but gave up the goal to Heatley with Johnson still in the penalty box at 4:40 .
The Sharks ’ 2 - 0 lead lasted only 37 seconds , however .
On the next shift , the rebound of a shot by Alexander Frolov went directly to defenseman Randy Jones all alone in the left faceoff circle , and his 26 - foot slap shot was in the Sharks net before Nabokov could get back into position .
In the third period , it was the Sharks who were on the wrong end of 34 seconds of five - on - three play after a tripping call against Boyle and a delay - of - game whistle against Douglas Murray .
But Nabokov stopped all three shots he faced while San Jose was two men down .
“ They have such a good power play , ” said the goalie who won his 25th game of the season .
“ They always go to the net , they always have shots coming .
The penalty kill can win it or sometimes it can lose it for you . ”
The Sharks recognized the importance of beating the Kings , considering how the season series had gone so far .
“ Tonight in their rink ?
After a loss at home ? ”
Heatley said .
“ This was a big one . ”
For more on the Sharks , see David Pollak ’s Working the Corners blog at blogs.mercurynews.com / sharks .
E-mail dpollak@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5940 .
The state of the science and engineering ( S&E ) enterprise in America is strong , yet its lead is slipping , according to data released at the White House January 15 by the National Science Board ( NSB ) .
Prepared biennially and delivered to the President and Congress on even numbered years by Jan. 15 as statutorily mandated , Science and Engineering Indicators ( SEI ) provides information on the scope , quality and vitality of America 's science and engineering enterprise .
SEI 2010 sheds light on America 's position in the global economy .
" The data begin to tell a worrisome story , " said Kei Koizumi , assistant director for federal research and development ( R&D ) in the President 's Office of Science and Technology Policy ( OSTP ) .
Calling SEI 2010 a " State of the Union on science , technology , engineering and mathematics , " he noted that quot ; U.S. dominance has eroded significantly . "
Koizumi and OSTP hosted the public rollout at which NSB Chairman Steven Beering , National Science Foundation ( NSF ) Director Arden L. Bement , Jr. , and NSB members presented SEI 2010 data and described a mixed picture .
NSB 's SEI Committee Chairman Lou Lanzerotti noted the good news for those in the S&E community about public attitudes , " Scientists are about the same as firefighters in terms of prestige , " he said .
His presentation focused attention on NSB's Digest , also released January 15 , highlighting important trends and data points from across SEI 2010 .
Over the past decade , R&D intensity -- how much of a country 's economic activity or gross domestic product is expended on R&D - - has grown considerably in Asia , while remaining steady in the U.S. Annual growth of R&D expenditures in the U.S. averaged 5 to 6 percent while in Asia , it has skyrocketed .
In some Asian countries , R&D growth rate is two , three , even four , times that of the U.S .
In terms of R&D expenditures as a share of economic output , while Japan has surpassed the U.S. for quite some time , South Korea is now in the lead -- ahead of the U.S. and Japan .
And why does this matter ?
Investment in R&D is a major driver of innovation , which builds on new knowledge and technologies , contributes to national competitiveness and furthers social welfare .
R&D expenditures indicate the priority given to advancing science and technology ( S&T ) relative to other national goals .
NSB SEI 2010 Committee Member Jose - Marie Griffiths discussed another key indicator : intellectual research outputs .
" While the U.S. continues to lead the world in research publications , China has become the second most prolific contributor . "
China 's rapidly developing science base now produces 8 percent of the world 's research publications , up from its just 2 percent of the world 's share in 1995 , when it ranked 14th .
Patents are another measure of valuable contributions to knowledge and inventions to societies .
Inventors from around the globe seek patent protection in the U.S. U.S. patents awarded to foreign inventors offer a broad indication of the distribution of inventive activity around the world .
While inventors in the U.S. , the European Union ( EU ) and Japan produce almost all of these patents , and U.S. patenting by Chinese and Indian inventors remains modest , the number of patents earned by Asian inventors is on the rise , driven by activity in Taiwan and South Korea .
The Digest contains these and other key indicators , such as the globalization of capability ; funding , performance and portfolio of U.S. R&D trends ; and the composition of the U.S. S&E workforce .
What 's more , the Digest is electronically linked with detailed data tables and discussions in the main volumes of SEI .
It can also be downloaded to laptops , iPods or other devices .
" This makes the data much more accessible and digestable to policymakers , as well as to members of the general public who may wish to read about and understand the data that describe the state of their economy , " said Lanzerotti .
Calling SEI a " biennial production and a daily source of pride for NSF , " Bement characterized it as a guide to the future .
" It is not just where we stand ; it 's about where we 're heading , " he said , quoting 19th century British scientist Lord Kelvin , " ' If you cannot measure it , you cannot improve it . ' "
Representing OSTP Director John Holdren and his OSTP colleagues , in closing Koizumi said , " We promise to put your work to good use . "
SEI is prepared by NSF 's Division of Science Resources Statistics ( SRS ) on behalf of the National Science Board .
The publication is subject to extensive review by outside experts , interested federal agencies , Board members and SRS internal reviewers for accuracy , coverage and balance .
In further carrying out its responsibility to advise the President and Congress on science and engineering issues , in February , the NSB will release a companion , policy piece , Globalization of Science and Engineering Research .
By Peter Roff , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
To put it kindly , the stimulus package that President Barack Obama , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi rushed through Congress at the beginning of his presidency has been a flop .
It is not just that the $ 789 billion package has not had the effect the White House promised it would ; it 's that it may actually have been counterproductive , actually lengthening the recession by effectively taking money out of the private economy , where it could have been used to create jobs and for investment purposes .
Instead it has been parceled out by the government , which has been unable to track where it has gone or what impact it has really had on job creation .
And that has led to any number of fallacious statements by senior administration officials about jobs " created or saved . "
There is really no way to assess the number of jobs " saved , " which has been the principle rallying cry of the White House over the last few months .
Moreover , as data released Friday by the Republicans on the House Committee on Ways and Means makes clear , payroll employment has declined in every state except North Dakota and in the District of Columbia in the nine months since the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act has been law .
Likewise the national unemployment rate , which Obama promised would not exceed 8 percent if the stimulus became law , has reached a 25 - year high of over 10 percent .
As the table below indicates , in no state has anything like the promised job creation occurred .
In Alabama , for example , the White House estimated that the stimulus package would generate 52,000 jobs by the end of calendar 2010 .
Yet the government 's own figures show the state has lost a net 30,700 jobs through the end of November 2009 .
In Illinois , which sent Barack Obama to Washington back in November 2004 , the White House estimated a net increase of 148,000 jobs but the state has lost more than 150,000 thus far .
In California , the home state of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , the prediction was that 396,000 new jobs would be created by the end of next year .
So far it has lost just over 340,000 .
In Nevada , where Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is in the fight of his political life as far as his 2010 re-election bid is concerned , the estimates predicted 34,000 new jobs would be created .
So far this year , since the stimulus has been enacted , it has lost more than 50,000 .
Dear Friend of openairboston.net ,
Are you interested in using your tech skills to make a difference in our community ?
Open Air Boston has an exciting volunteer opportunity that we think will interest you .
On Saturday , November 21st , we will be hosting Boston Tech Day at the John D. O'Bryant High School in Roxbury .
During this event , computer - savvy volunteers will offer free computer repair services and provide one - on - one computer training to low - income Boston residents .
A lack of affordable computer repair services and a lack of knowledge about how to make use of relevant programs and Internet services are two of the most significant barriers to technology use for low - income families .
We are looking for :
• Volunteers who are experienced with PC maintenance and repair and feel comfortable working on other people 's computers .
We will supply tools and software , but please feel free to bring your own .
• Volunteers who feel comfortable working one - on - one with families with little or no computer experience and can demonstrate technologies such as email and web browsing and useful websites such as as Google and Google Maps .
• Volunteers who can help with the logistics of the event - signing people in , offering directions , etc .
It would be particularly helpful if you speak a second language .
Boston Tech Day will take place from 10 - 2:30 on Saturday , November 21st at the John D. O'Bryant High School in Roxbury .
Volunteers should arrive at 9 am for orientation .
The school is located at : 55 Malcolm X. Boulevard , Building # 3 , Roxbury , MA 02120 .
We will provide coffee and lunch .
The school is accessible from the T and parking will be available .
To sign up , please respond to this email with your name , email address , telephone number , whether you want to volunteer for training or repair work , and a very brief statement about your relevant experience .
Also , please feel free to forward this email to anyone you know who might be interested .
Thank you ,
Gabriel Fishman
Project Manager ,
Open Air Boston
gabe@openairboston.net
617-833-1941
A volunteer shows a Dorchester man how to maintain his computer .
Help OAB continue to run exciting programs like this !
Enterprise Systems , I mean .
And not just a little bit , either .
Orders of magnitude wrong .
Billions and billions of dollars worth of wrong .
Hang - our - heads - in - shame wrong .
It ’s time to stop the madness .
These last five years at Sun , I ’ve been lucky : I live in the Open - Source and “ Web 2.0 ” communities , and at the same time I ’ve been given significant quality time with senior IT people among our Enterprise customers .
What I ’m writing here is the single most important take - away from my Sun years , and it fits in a sentence :
The community of developers whose work you see on the Web , who probably do n’t know what ADO or UML or JPA even stand for , deploy better systems at less cost in less time at lower risk than we see in the Enterprise .
This is true even when you factor in the greater flexibility and velocity of startups .
This is unacceptable .
The Fortune 1,000 are bleeding money and missing huge opportunities to excel and compete .
I ’m not going to say that these are low - hanging fruit , because if it were easy to bridge this gap , it ’d have been bridged .
But the gap is so big , the rewards are so huge , that it ’s time for some serious bridge - building investment .
I do n’t know what my future is right now , but this seems by far the most important thing for my profession to be working on .
The Web These Days ·
It ’s like this :
The time between having an idea and its public launch is measured in days not months , weeks not years .
Same for each subsequent release cycle .
Teams are small .
Progress is iterative .
No oceans are boiled , no monster requirements documents written .
And what do you get ?
Facebook .
Google .
Twitter .
Ravelry .
Basecamp .
TripIt. GitHub .
And on and on and on .
Obviously , the technology matters .
This is n’t the place for details , but apparently the winning mix includes dynamic languages and Web frameworks and TDD and REST and Open Source and NoSQL at varying levels of relative importance .
More important is the culture : iterative development , continuous refactoring , ubiquitous unit testing , starting small , gathering user experience before it seems reasonable .
All of which , to be fair , I suppose had its roots in last decade ’s Extreme and Agile movements .
I do n’t hear a lot of talk these days from anyone claiming to “ do Extreme ” or “ be Agile ” .
But then , in Web - land for damn sure I never hear any talk about large fixed - in - advance specifications , or doing the UML first , or development cycles longer than a single - digit number of weeks .
In The Enterprise · I ’m not going to recite the statistics about the proportions of big projects that fail to work out , or flog moribund horses like the failed FBI system or Britain ’s monumentally - troubled ( to the tune of billions ) NHS National Programme for IT .
For one thing , the litany of disasters in the private sector is just as big in the aggregate and the batting average is n’t much better ; it ’s just that businesses can sweep the ashes under the carpet .
If you enjoy this sort of stuff , I recommend Michael Krigsman ’s IT Project Failures column over at ZDNet .
Also , Bruce Webster is very good .
And for some more gloomy numbers , check out The CHAOS Report 2009 on IT Project Failure .
Amusingly , all the IT types who write about this agree that the problem is “ excessive complexity ” , whatever that means .
Predictably , many of them follow the trail - of - tears story with a pitch for their own methodology , which they say will fix the problem .
And even if we therefore suspect them of cranking up the gloom - &- doom knob a bit , the figures remain distressing .
So , what is to be done ?
Plan A : Do n’t Build Systems ·
The best thing , of course , is to simply not build your own systems .
As many in our industry have pointed out , perhaps most eloquently Nicholas Carr , everything would be better if we could do IT the way we do electricity ; hook up to the grid , let the IT utility run it all , and get billed per unit of usage .
This is where all the people now running around shouting “ Cloud ! Cloud ! Cloud ! ” are trying to go .
And it ’s where Salesforce.com , for example , already is .
If you must run systems in - house , do n’t engineer them , get ’em pre-cooked from Oracle or SAP or whoever .
I ca n’t imagine any nonspecialist organization for whom it would make sense to build an HR or accounting application from scratch at this point in history .
Of course , we ’re not in the Promised Land yet .
I ’m actually surprised that Salesforce is n’t a lot bigger than it is ; a variety of things are holding back the migration to the utility model .
Also , you hear tales of failed implementations at the SAP and Oracle app - levels too , especially CRM .
And Oracle is well - known to be ferociously hard at work on a wholesale revision of the app stack with the Fusion Applications .
But still , even if things are n’t perfect , nobody is predicting a return to hand - crafted Purchasing or Travel - Expense systems .
Thank goodness .
But Sometimes You Have
To · I do n’t believe we ’ll ever go to a pure - utility model for IT .
Every world - class business has some sort of core competence , and there are good arguments that sometimes , you should implement your own systems around yours .
My favorite example , of the ones I ’ve seen over the past few years , is the NASDAQ trading system , which handles a ridiculous number of transactions in 6 ½ hours every trading day and pushes certain well - known technologies to places that I ’d have flatly sworn were impossible if I had n’t seen it .
Here ’s a negative example :
One of the world ’s most ferocious competitive landscapes is telecoms , which these days means mobile telecoms .
One way a telecom might like to compete would be to provide a better customer experience : billing , support , and so on .
But to some degree they can’t , because many of them have outsourced much of that stuff to Amdocs .
Given all the colossal high - visibility failures like the ones I mentioned earlier , what responsible telecom executive would authorize going ahead with building an in - house alternative ?
But at some level that ’s insane ; if your business is customer service , how can you bypass an opportunity to compete by offering better customer service ?
The telecom networks around where I live seem to put most of their strategic investments into marketing , which is a bit sad .
Plan B : Do It Better ·
Here ’s a thought experiment : Suppose you asked one of the blue - suit solution providers to quote you on building Ravelry or Twitter or Basecamp .
What would the costs be like ?
And how much confidence would you have in a good result ?
Consider the same questions for a new mobile - network billing system .
The point is that that kind of thing simply cannot be built if you start with large formal specifications and fixed - price contracts and change - control procedures and so on .
So if your enterprise wants the sort of outcomes we ’re seeing on the Web ( and a lot more should ) , you ’re going to have to adopt some of the cultures and technologies that got them built .
It ’s not going to be easy ; Enterprise IT has spent decades growing a defensive culture based on the premise that you only get noticed when you screw up , so that must be avoided at all costs .
I ’m not the only one thinking about how we can get Enterprise Systems unjammed and make them once again part of the solution , not part of the problem .
It ’s a good thing to be thinking about .
2009 breaks
Army record for soldier suicides , up over a dozen from 2008
Suicides in the US Army are headed to a new record this year but it remains unclear if repeated combat tours in Afghanistan and Iraq are causing more soldiers to take their lives , a top general has said .
With 140 suspected cases reported among soldiers since the start of 2009 , the number of suicides was already at last year ’s level , General Peter Chiarelli , Army vice chief of staff , told a news conference .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We are almost certainly going to end the year higher than last year , ” Chiarelli said .
As of Monday , 71 suspected suicides also were reported among service members no longer on active duty , which surpassed the 2008 figure , he said .
The total number of Army suicides has reached 211 as of Tuesday , according to the government ’s tally .
“ For all of 2008 , the Army said 140 active - duty soldiers killed themselves while 57 Guard and Reserve soldiers committed suicide , totaling 197 , according to Army statistics , ” CNN noted .
The release of the latest suicide numbers came as President Barack Obama considers sending more US troops to Afghanistan , where nearly 68,000 American forces are already deployed .
ADVERTISEMENT
The army has come under severe strain from years of war in Iraq and Afghanistan , with officers citing repeated deployments and the stress of combat as fueling an increase in depression and marital problems .
But Chiarelli said the causes of the rising suicide rate remained unclear and varied from base to base .
About one - third of the soldiers who committed suicide had not yet deployed to either war , he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Top US military officer Admiral Mike Mullen , meanwhile , acknowledged the stress of the wars on the army and the Marine Corps but said he did not think the force was at a “ tipping point . ”
He added that “ I certainly would not want to underestimate the seriousness of the stress issue for individuals and for families . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Chiarelli said the army had launched promising initiatives to try to prevent suicide and teach soldiers how to recover from trauma .
“ We believe , despite these numbers , that we are making some progress , ” he said .
The army had pored over the numbers to try to figure out what factors might be behind the suicides — including links to combat tours or seasons of the year — but there was no clear pattern , he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ So everywhere I try to cut this and look at it to try to find out what the causal effect is , I get thwarted , ” he said .
“ And that ’s why we think that we ’ve got to look in its totality at a whole bunch of different issues , and it ’s going to take time . ”
One possible link cited by the Army Science Board was that soldiers appeared more likely to commit suicide if they were separated from a base or post , even if they were living in an American city , he said .
Chiarelli said alcohol and drug abuse was on the rise and that was also likely part of the problem .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said about 900 mental health specialists had been hired to offer more help to troubled soldiers but another 800 were needed .
And he said there was a shortage of counselors for those with substance abuse problems , with about 300 more required .
“ I need more of them so that I can expand this program to other posts , camps and stations , ” he said of the substance abuse counselors .
The general also repeated his appeal to army leaders to ensure soldiers who needed psychological help did not face ridicule or risk to their careers .
“ This is a matter of life and death and it is absolutely unacceptable to have individuals suffering in silence because they ’re afraid their peers or superiors will make fun of them , or worse , it will adversely affect their careers , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Chiarelli said a recently - launched study of suicide and mental health among army troops should offer insights into the roots of the problem .
The elaborate , five - year study by the National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) is examining factors possibly associated with suicide , including combat - related trauma , personal and economic stress , family history , childhood abuse , a military unit ’s cohesion and general mental health .
The 50 - million - dollar study will include a survey of the up to 120,000 recruits who enter the army every year and will analyze data and interview soldiers who attempted suicide in the past , comparing them to individuals with similar demographic characteristics .
With AFP .
About Rawstudio
Rawstudio is an open - source program to read and manipulate RAW images from digital cameras .
To get the best quality out of your digital camera , it is often recommended that you record your pictures in RAW format .
This format is mostly specific to a camera and cannot be read by most image editing applications .
Our goal is to supply you with a tool , where you can have the benefits of RAW images and the ease of use of JPEG images .
The main focus of Rawstudio is to enable efficient review and fast processing of large image collections .
We aim to supply you with a tool that makes it possible for you to review and process several hundred images in a matter of a few hours .
Rawstudio will convert your RAW files into JPEG , PNG or TIF images which you can then print or send to friends and clients .
Rawstudio is intended as the first tool in your image processing chain .
After you have made your overall image adjustments to your image , you can use an image editing application to further work on your images .
Rawstudio itself is a highly specialized application for reviewing and processing RAW images , not a fully featured image editing application .
Feature List
Intuitive GTK + interface
Full DNG Color Profile support
Batch processing
Tethered shooting
Various post - shot controls ( white balance , saturation and exposure compensation among others )
Easy and flexible copy&paste settings between images
Develop images directly on storage card
Image tagging and sorting
Automatic lens distortion correction
Advanced noise reduction
Unique intelligent sharpening
Chromatic aberration and vignetting correction
Exposure mask
Cropping
Straighten
Fullscreen mode
Secondary monitor support
Image location independent
Automatic filenaming based on EXIF information
32 bit float point precision image processing
Optimized for and SSE and SSE2 ( detected runtime ) and fully multithreaded
And much more ...
Contact
You wo n't find the results or analysis in the MSM which is why we have Jim Fallows at the Atlantic .
If you did not read his brilliant dismemberment of lazy MSM reporting during the Asian tour , you can reprise the best here , here , here , here , here and here .
If you have n't come away from this series of posts without a deeper and much better understanding of what Obama moved forward on this trip , then by all means return to watching cable news .
But let 's just look at the more recent headlines : Item One :
Item Two :
Item Three :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
WASHINGTON -- Sen .
John Kerry has suggested becoming the first high - level U.S. emissary to make a public visit to Tehran since the 1979 Islamic revolution , a move White House officials say they wo n't oppose .
The offer comes as mass protests against Iran 's regime are resurfacing and a U.S. - imposed deadline nears to broach international sanctions against Iran .
" This ...
All those nervous about the radical and expansive arguments to incorporate the Second Amendment on states and localities through the long - moribund Privileges or Immunities Clause of the 14th Amendment that Alan Gura will be making before the Supreme Court in the upcoming McDonald v. Chicago case can relax a little .
The NRA , who wants to argue a more traditional " incorporation through the due process clause of the 14th Amendment " argument will get a chunk of the oral argument time , although it is not their case .
For those confused by the above , you wo n't be , after you read this Reason Online article from early December in which I lay out the fascinating implications of Gura 's arguments to expand the Court 's power to vindicate all sorts of citizens rights , and the reasons why some in the gun rights community do n't like them .
This comment thread at the conservative and libertarian legal commentary blog Volokh Conspiracy does a good job of presenting the range of opinion ( and invective ) built into this intra-gun - rights community conflict of due process v. privileges or immunities , or more personally , of Gura v. the NRA .
Especially interesting is the musing over whether the NRA 's advocate in this case , Paul Clement , really believes in the gun rights argument since , when working for the government , he made contrary arguments–and whether it matters anyway , since he 's selling his skills as a paid advocate , not a true - blue ideologue .
Also telling are these couple of paragraphs from the Legal Times web site :
So why did the Court grant the motion ?
Clement is a familiar face at the Court , and his presence may also represent a " cover all bases " strategy by justices who favor incorporation but are uncertain how the privileges or immunities argument will play out .
Asked about the Court 's decision Clement said , " I think the grant of the NRA 's motion may signal that the Court is interested in ensuring that all the avenues to incorporation , including the due process clause , are fully explored at the argument . "
Clement added , " Of course , I look forward to working with Alan . "
UPDATE : Responding to Clement 's remarks , Gura said , " The suggestion that I would n't present all the arguments to the Court was uncalled for . "
Gura added , " I hope that this time Paul understands that handgun bans are unconstitutional . "
As solicitor general in 2007 , Clement filed a brief in the Heller case arguing that the D.C. handgun ban warranted heightened scrutiny but was not necessarily unconstitutional and should be remanded to lower courts for more review .
Here is Gura 's motion in opposition to the NRA 's gambit , which tried , but failed , to convince the Court not to let the NRA take some of his time .
Much of the background bad blood between Gura and the NRA is explained in my book about the Heller case , Gura 's first huge Second Amendment victory , Gun Control on Trial .
A closely - held secret of US forces in Afghanistan is secret no more .
A lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union has forced the US government to release a list of 645 prisoners held in the Bagram prison as of Sept. 2009 .
“ Releasing the names of those held at Bagram is an important step toward transparency and accountability at the secretive Bagram prison , but it is just a first step , ” Melissa Goodman , staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project , said in a media advisory .
ADVERTISEMENT
The ACLU filed a Freedom of Information Act suit to obtain the names in Sept .
As early as April 2009 , the ACLU was claiming that over 600 prisoners were being held at the prison in conditions worse than at Guantanamo Bay , left with little legal recourse to challenge their detention .
The group also claimed that an unknown number of the prisoners are foreign nationals captured outside of Afghanistan and taken to the prison .
The Bagram prison has served since 2002 as a holding site for terror suspects captured outside Afghanistan and Iraq .
Inmates have had no access to lawyers , no right to hear the allegations against them and only rudimentary reviews of their status as “ enemy combatants . ”
President Barack Obama ’s administration argued in a filing with the US Court of Appeals in Washington that terror suspects at Bagram should not be allowed to challenge their decision in US courts , a right the Supreme Court has granted to Guantanamo detainees .
US District Judge John Bates ruled in April that foreign prisoners held at Bagram should also be provided that right , enshrined in the writ of habeas corpus .
The Department of Defense said earlier in Sept. that Bagram prisoners would be allowed to defend themselves and call witnesses in hearings before a military tribunal .
ADVERTISEMENT
Bagram prisoners have claimed that they were subjected to beatings , sleep deprivation and being threatened with dogs while in US custody .
“ They did things that you would not do against animals , let alone to humans , ” said one former detainee , identified by the BBC as Dr. Khandan , while another described having a gun put to his head and being threatened with death .
“ Hundreds of people have languished at Bagram for years in horrid and abusive conditions , without even being told why they ’re detained or given a fair chance to argue for release , ” ACLU attorney Goodman explained .
“ The information the government continues to withhold , however , is just as vital as the names of prisoners .
Full transparency and accountability about Bagram requires disclosing how long these people have been imprisoned , where they are from and whether they were captured far from any battlefield or in other countries far from Afghanistan . ”
The list of detainees is heavily censored , with information regarding the length of a detainee ’s imprisonment and their reasons for being in custody completely blacked out .
ADVERTISEMENT
A so - called Memorandum of Understanding signed last week could see the controversial facility handed over to Afghan control within months , officials said .
“ The Afghan defense ministry will begin in a few days to train a unit which will take responsibility for the prison , ” it said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ President Karzai himself has said detention and prosecution of suspects should be the responsibility of the Afghan government .
So that ’s where this is heading , ” US military spokesman Colonel Stephen Clutter said .
Recent reports have placed the number of prisoners currently held in Bagram at 750 .
Read the full list here ( PDF link ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP .
IT may not feel that way right now , but the last 10 years may go down in world history as a big success .
That idea may be hard to accept in the United States .
After all , it was the decade of 9/11 , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the financial crisis , all dramatic and painful events .
But in economic terms , at least , the decade was a remarkably good one for many people around the globe .
The raging economic growth rates of China and India are well known , though their rise is part of a broader trend in the economic development of poorer countries .
Ideals of prosperity , freedom and the rule of law have probably never been more resonant globally than they ’ve been over the last 10 years , even if practice often falls short .
And for all of the anticapitalistic rhetoric that has emerged from the financial crisis , national leaders around the world are embracing the commercialization of their economies .
Putting aside the United States , which ranks third , the four most populous countries are China , India , Indonesia and Brazil , accounting for more than 40 percent of the world ’s people .
And all four have made great strides .
Indonesia had solid economic growth during the entire decade , mostly in the 5 to 6 percent annual range .
That came after its very turbulent 1990s , marked by a disastrous financial crisis and plummeting standards of living .
Brazil also had a consistently good decade , with growth at times exceeding 5 percent a year .
There is lots of talk that the country has finally turned the corner , and , within its borders , there is major worry that its currency is too strong  a problem that many other countries would envy .
UFC closes out 2009 this weekend with its first title match since UFC 104 .
BJ
Penn becomes the last champion to defend a title in 2009 in the main - event against Diego Sanchez .
BJ Penn is doing something that no other champion has done in awhile , defend his title twice in a few months .
Penn fights the winner of the first season of The Ultimate Fighter Diego Sanchez in a much anticipated main - event .
Penn and Sanchez are two of the most explosive fighters in all of MMA .
Both men have 11 knockouts between them , and are two of the best strikers in the UFC .
This is one of the first UFC main - events in a long time that has the potential to live up to expectations .
Penn is looking to erase memories of his first match in 2009 against Georges St. Pierre with two strong finishes to close the year .
Penn is 3 - 0 as champion , winning two fights with a rear naked choke and won on a TKO due to strikes .
Penn was once labeled as a lazy fighter who did n’t take his training seriously .
That has changed , and BJ Penn has turned into a conditioning machine as proven by outlasting Kenny Florian in his last fight with a submission in the fourth round .
On top of that , Penn ’s desire to jump right back into a title fight says a lot about his newfound dedication to MMA .
Sanchez has been one of the most exciting fighters in the UFC since entering The Ultimate Fighter .
Rarely , do you see a boring Sanchez fight .
Sanchez ’s last fight against Clay Guida was arguably the Fight of the Year .
Sanchez is not just some guy who won a reality television show .
Sanchez 23 - 2 in MMA , suffering his only losses back - to - back in 2007 .
Since his last loss , Sanchez dropped to the lightweight division , improved his standup game , and has been on a roll ever since .
Sanchez has been long overdue for a title shot .
Most UFC stars who have been asked have picked BJ Penn easily in the fight .
While I do think he wins , I do n’t think it is so easy .
Sanchez has never been submitted or knocked out .
Sanchez ’s two losses have come via decision .
His last 8 of 13 fights have gone the full three rounds , so conditioning should n’t be a big concern .
While Sanchez has never fought five rounds , he is well known for his superior conditioning .
Unlike a few of Penn ’s previous opponents , Sanchez can also take a punch .
Guida hit him hard in their last fight and was unable to put the Nightmare away .
I just ca n’t believe that this is going to be a cake walk for BJ Penn .
In terms of skills , Penn has the advantage on the ground .
His BJJ is far superior to Sanchez ’s ground skills .
Sanchez may be the better wrestler on the ground between the two .
On their feet , I think it is fairly even .
That said , Sanchez needs to turn this into a standup war in order to win this fight .
Sanchez can get frustrated when neutralized on the ground like he did against Josh Koshcheck .
Penn can dominate Sanchez on the ground if that is where the fight goes .
Sanchez could catch Penn with a lucky shot if he keeps this on their feet , which is the only way he wins this fight .
No way is Diego Sanchez grounding and pounding BJ Penn for five rounds .
Penn is a - 200 favorite on sportsbetting .com as of this writing , with Sanchez getting +160 odds .
I bet those odds separate even more by fight time .
The funny thing is that if you listen to Penn in lengthy interviews , he is more obsessed with Georges St. Pierre than anyone in his division .
Penn is much more interested in avenging his embarrassing loss in January than he is defending his title .
Penn is eyeing a 2010 rematch with St. Pierre which will likely happen at some point next year .
He could look past Diego and get caught in an upset .
I just do n’t see it .
I think this one is an exciting fight , but in the end Sanchez just becomes another victim to BJ Penn .
In addition to the exciting main - event , UFC 107 probably has the most stacked lineup since UFC 102 .
Frank
Mir returns to action for the first time since his loss to Brock Lesnar at UFC 107 .
Mir will face Cheick Kongo in a heavyweight fight .
Mir has described Kongo ’s ground game as the “ worst ground game in the heavyweight division . ”
As a BJJ expert , Mir should submit him easily on the ground .
At the same time , Kongo has the standup to upset Frank Mir on their feet .
Mir has bulked up since the Lesnar fight and put on a ton of muscle .
He says he is quicker and in better shape , but that is something that could really come back to haunt him if this one goes to a third round .
In the end , I think Mir pulls off a win here and starts barking for another match with Brock Lesnar .
Finally , Kenny Florian also returns to action for the first time since his loss to BJ Penn at UFC 101 .
Florian takes on one of the most popular stars in the UFC , Clay Guida .
Taking into account some of the unappealing main - events that the UFC has put on lately , this one could easily be a headliner by today ’s UFC standards .
Dana
White is dying to make Guida - Penn and Sanchez - Florian .
The only way that happens is with a Guida win in this one .
White would probably have the biggest smile on his face in years if both Guida and Sanchez win and he can rematch them in a title fight next year .
Unfortunately , as exciting of a fighter as Guida is he has never beaten anyone as good as Florian .
I see Florian taking a decision here and grinding this one out in a disappointing fight .
The complete UFC 107 card as scheduled is … B.J. Penn vs. Diego SanchezFrank Mir vs. Cheick KongoJon Fitch vs. Mike PierceKenny Florian vs. Clay GuidaPaul Buentello vs. Stefan StruveAlan Belcher vs. Wilson GouveiaMatt Wiman vs. Shane NelsonJohny Hendricks vs. Ricardo FunchRousimar Palhares vs. Lucio LinharesDaMarques Johnson vs. Edgar GarciaKevin Burns vs. TJ Grant
Place your UFC 107 bets on BetUs.com by clicking here or Boddog.com by clicking here .
New Items Marked Down !
Shop the UFC Sale at the UFC Store .
Order a Cage Fighter Black BJ Penn Walkout shirt by clicking here .
Order the UFC : Ultimate 100 Greatest Fights DVD set by clicking here .
( Visited 31 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
By Michelle Malkin - December 2 , 2009
" The science is settled , " we 've been told for decades by zealous proponents of manmade global warming hysteria .
Thanks to an earth - shaking hacking scandal across the pond , we now have mountains of documents from the world 's leading global warming advocacy center that show the science is about as settled as a southeast Asian tsunami .
You wo n't be surprised by the Obama administration 's response to Climategate .
With pursed lips and closed eyes and ears , the White House is clinging to the old eco-mantra :
The science is settled .
Never mind all the devastating new information about data manipulation , intimidation and cult - like coverups to " hide the decline " in global temperatures over the last half - century , they say .
The science is settled .
Never mind what The Atlantic 's Clive Crook , after wading through the climate science e-mail files of the U.K. 's Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , called the overpowering " stink of intellectual corruption " -- combined with mafia - like suppression of dissent , suppression of evidence and methods , and " plain statistical incompetence " exposed by the document trove .
The science is settled .
Never mind the expedient disappearance of mounds of raw weather station data that dissenting scientists were seeking through freedom of information requests from the Climatic Research Unit .
The science is settled .
In March , President Obama made a grandiose show of putting " science " above " politics " when lifting the ban on government - funded human embryonic stem cell research .
" Promoting science is n't just about providing resources -- it 's about protecting free and open inquiry , " he said during the signing ceremony .
" It 's about letting scientists like those who are here today do their jobs , free from manipulation or coercion , and listening to what they tell us , even when it 's inconvenient -- especially when it 's inconvenient .
It is about ensuring that scientific data is never distorted or concealed to serve a political agenda -- and that we make scientific decisions based on facts , not ideology . "
Yet , the pro-sound science president has surrounded himself with radical Climategate deniers who have spent their entire professional careers " settling " manmade global warming disaster science through fear mongering , intimidation and ridicule of opponents .
-- Science czar John Holdren , who will testify on Capitol Hill this week at a hearing on Climategate , infamously hyped weather catastrophes and demographic disasters in the 1970s with his population control freak pals Paul and Anne Ehrlich .
He made a public bet against free - market economist Julian Simon , predicting dire shortages of five natural resources as a result of feared overconsumption .
He lost on all counts .
No matter .
Holdren 's failure did n't stop him from writing forcefully about mass sterilization and forced abortion " solutions " to a fizzling , sizzling , overpopulated planet .
And it did n't stop him from earning a living making more dire predictions .
In 1986 , Ehrlich credited Holdren with forecasting that " carbon - dioxide climate - induced famines could kill as many as a billion people before the year 2020 . "
He went on to Harvard and the White House .
On the " Late Show with David Letterman " earlier this year , Holdren fretted that his son " might not see snow ! "
Canada Free Press ( CFP ) columnist and Canadian climatologist Dr. Tim Ball notes that Holdren turned up in the Climategate files belittling the work of astrophysicists Sallie Baliunas and Willie Soon at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in the Solar , Stellar and Planetary Sciences Division .
Holdren put " Harvard " in sneer quotes when mocking a research paper Baliunas and Soon published in 2003 showing that " the 20th century is probably not the warmest nor a uniquely extreme climatic period of the last millennium . "
First , deny .
Next , deride .
-- Energy Secretary Steven
Chu picked derision as his weapon earlier this year when peddling the Obama administration 's greenhouse - gas emission policy .
" The American public ... just like your teenage kids , are n't acting in a way that they should act , " The Wall Street Journal quoted Chu .
He dismissed dissent by asserting that " there 's very little debate " about the impact of " green energy " policy on the economy .
There 's " very little debate , " of course , because dissenters get crushed .
-- The Obama team 's chief eco-dissent crusher is climate czar Carol Browner .
She oversaw the destruction of Environmental Protection Agency computer files in brazen violation of a federal judge 's order during the Clinton years requiring the agency to preserve its records .
Over the past year , the EPA has stifled the dissent of Alan Carlin , a senior research analyst at the agency who questioned the administration 's reliance on outdated research on the health effects of greenhouse gases .
Recently , they sought to yank a YouTube video created by EPA lawyers Allan Zabel and Laurie Williams that is critical of cap - and - trade .
Browner reportedly threatened auto execs in July by telling them to " put nothing in writing ... ever " about their negotiations with her .
And she is now leading the " science is settled " stonewalling in the wake of Climategate .
" I 'm sticking with the 2,500 scientists , " she said .
" These people have been studying this issue for a very long time and agree this problem is real . "
Book - cookers are good at making it seem so .
In any case , last year , more than 31,000 scientists -- including 9,021 Ph.D.s -- signed a petition sponsored by the Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine rejecting claims of human - caused global warming .
But hey , who 's counting ?
The science is settled .
Quantum computers , which would rely on quantum mechanical concepts like superposition and entanglement to perform operations of unimaginable complexity , remain a pipe dream .
But physicists have nevertheless come up with an algorithm that only quantum computers could use .
Advertisement
The newest algorithm , developed by Aram W. Harrow of the University of Bristol in England and Avinatan Hassidim and Seth Lloyd of MIT , tackles linear equations , which is something many students run across in high school or college .
An example of such an expression is 3 x + 4y = 12 , with the variables and the constants on each side of the equation .
Although it 's relatively easy to solve an expression with only two unknown values , it is another matter entirely to solve systems with billions of unknown values .
Such scenarios are hardly unusual ; weather scenarios frequently involve just that many variables and equations .
These so - called " N by N " systems , which have N linear equations and N unknown values , can be solved relatively easy with current algorithms , but time is a factor .
Say it takes a computer one second to solve one linear equation .
If the system has a billion variables , then it will take a billion seconds to figure out every value .
That 's almost 32 years .
Advertisement
Harrow , Hassidim , and Lloyd 's algorithm cuts down on time dramatically by using quantum superpositions .
In classical , binary computing , each bit of data can exist either as a 0 or 1 .
Quantum bits , or qubits , can be 0 , 1 , or both values at the same time .
In turn , two qubits can be two 0's , two 1's , a 0 and a 1 , or any superposition of these combinations .
That may be a bit difficult to fully grasp - I 'll freely admit it makes my head hurt - but the upshot is that the possible combinations of qubits increases exponentially , allowing for huge increases in computing efficiency .
In the case of this particular algorithm , the amount of time it takes to solve " N by N " systems is linked not to the value of N but to the number of digits in N .
That means , if we returned to the previous example , it would take just nine seconds to solve that system rather than a billion .
( This is because 1,000,000,000 has nine more digits than 1 . )
Obviously , this all remains theoretical , but it 's just a question of waiting for the computer science to catch up to the mathematics .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Meanwhile , in other math news , a French computer scientist has calculated pi to a record 2.7 trillion digits , smashing the old record of 2.6 trillion .
One can only imagine what unimaginable feats of pi calculation of which quantum computers might be capable .
2.8 trillion ?
Perhaps even 2.9 trillion ?
Who knows , or dares to dream ...?
[ Scientific American ]
The isolate utility
This utility , isolate , runs processes in a chroot -ed environment , with constrained resource limits , as a random UID , and with limited access to the X server .
An isolated program ( ' isolatee ' ) no longer has all the authority of your user account , but you can still enjoy its legitimate functionality .
You can play even maliciously - crafted songs in an unsafely implemented music player , with greatly minimized risk to your other data .
The Amarok team is proud to announce that Amarok 2.2.2 has been released .
After 8 weeks of development and a beta release in mid-December , the source code and packages for some distributions are now available on the download page .
The main focus of the developers for this release , besides new features , was to improve the UI and fix a lot of bugs .
New features are the reappearance of custom labels , Moodbar support , easier lyrics editing , much improved podcast handling and a lot of other stuff .
Amarok now depends on KDE 4.3.x and Qt 4.5 as minimum versions .
Look forward to some nice upcoming things in Amarok that take advantage of the features which are provided by those new versions .
While you can enjoy the new release , the team is already deep in development for Amarok 2.2.3 which is scheduled to be ready at the beginning of March .
The official release announcement is available on the Amarok home page .
Enjoy !
NEWARK --
The Newark Archdiocese removed a priest as chaplain at Saint Michael ’s Medical Center in Newark this week after hospital officials learned of his history in a criminal molestation case involving a minor and requested his removal .
The Rev. Michael Fugee , who began working at the hospital Sept. 8 , admitted to Bergen County investigators in 2001 that he had molested a boy in Wyckoff .
He later recanted the statement , saying he felt pressured by investigators at the time to make an admission .
A jury convicted him in 2003 of criminal sexual contact , but that conviction was eventually overturned by an Appellate Court in 2006 , for reasons unrelated to his admission .
Bergen County Prosecutor John Molinelli , rather than re-try the case after the Appellate ruling , let Fugee enter a " pre-trial intervention " program that ultimately led to the case ’s dismissal three months ago .
According to terms of a legal agreement with the prosecutor ’s office , however , Fugee is forbidden from again ministering to minors or having unsupervised access to them as a priest .
Saint Michael ’s officials learned about Fugee ’s history earlier this week after The Star - Ledger asked about his appointment , a spokesperson for the hospital said .
" The priest in question was assigned by the Archdiocese of Newark …. , " hospital officials said in a prepared statement .
" Based on new information , Saint Michael ’s has asked the archdiocese to remove the priest .
The archdiocese has done so , effective immediately . "
A spokesman for the Archdiocese , James Goodness , acknowledged that church authorities removed Fugee from the hospital job on Wednesday .
He conceded that the Archdiocese had never informed hospital officials about Fugee ’s history , because it believed it was sufficient to notify the head of the chaplain ’s unit , a priest who works for the Archdiocese .
Goodness said the archdiocese will notify hospital staff about similar situations in the future .
Meanwhile , Newark Archbishop John J. Myers is evaluating where Fugee ’s next job will be , Goodness said .
A Seton Hall graduate , Fugee was ordained in 1994 and worked three years as a priest at St. Rose of Lima Church in Millburn before joining St. Elizabeth ’s Church in Wyckoff in December 1997 .
He was arrested eight years ago following allegations by a 14 - year - old boy that he groped the boy ’s genitals , through clothes .
Fugee had been supporting and counseling the boy ’s mother during a marital separation .
At his 2003 trial , which occurred the year after the clergy sex scandal gained national attention , the boy testified that Fugee groped him several times while wrestling , when the boy ’s relatives were present ; and once when the boy , his mother and Fugee were vacationing in a Virginia hotel .
During the trial , Fugee testified he had merely been wrestling with the boy recreationally .
But a detective read a transcript of Fugee ’s interview with interrogators from two years earlier , telling jurors the priest had told police he was torn over his sexual identity , and had groped the boy ’s crotch to satisfy an urge , according to Bergen Record coverage of the trial .
The jury , while convicting Fugee of aggravated criminal sexual contact , acquitted him of endangering the welfare of a minor .
He successfully appealed the conviction .
Appellate judges ruled that part of Fugee ’s statement to police , in which he said he was attracted to males , should not have been admitted as testimony because it had a prejudical effect on his case .
" The admission of this statement injected into this case the specter of a jury deciding defendants ’ guilt on the unfounded association between homosexuality and pedophilia , " the court wrote .
The Appellate Court also ruled that the trial judge ’s instructions on the law -- whether Fugee was truly a supervisory figure in the boy ’s life , as the statute required for a conviction -- were vague .
Released on the Xbox 360 in October 2009 , Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City is coming to the PlayStation 3 and Games for Windows - LIVE .
Advertisement
Episodes from Liberty City is a compilation of the episodic downloadable content for Grand Theft Auto IV and includes expansion packs The Lost and Damned ( originally released on Xbox LIVE in February 2009 ) and The Ballad of Gay Tony ( originally released in October 2009 ) .
" It 's been a long time coming , but we are proud to finally deliver Episodes From Liberty City for the PC and PlayStation 3 , " said Sam Houser .
" We appreciate the patience of our PlayStation 3 and PC fans worldwide , and we look forward to putting the games in your hands this March . "
Advertisement
Both episodes will be available together on one disc on March 30 .
The PS3 version is priced at US $ 39.99 , and the episodes are individually available on the PlayStation Network for $ 19.99 each .
According to the title 's publisher , Games for Windows - LIVE players can enjoy 32 - player multiplayer matches and an advanced video editor , and all fans will experience new songs on the updated soundtrack as featured across Liberty City 's 13 diverse radio stations , alongside in - game television and Liberty City 's own internet .
I did n’t make any resolutions on New Year ’s Day but I did eat cabbage .
That ’s because cabbage is reputed to bring prosperity .
And to ensure that the roof of your house wo n’t blow off .
We spent a boatload of money to have our roof replaced in 2009 and we are perched on a windy site , so we could do with both the prosperity and the guarantee against gusts and gales .
Although I do n’t dote on cabbage , as the Greeks and Romans are said to have done , I do give it more respect than did the 17th - century herbalist Nicholas Culpeper .
He focused on its flatulence - producing effect , writing that “ Cabbages are extremely windy … as windy …as can be eaten , unless you eat Bagpipes or Bellows . ”
Culpeper might have been less faultfinding had he known that raw cabbage is one of the garden ’s best sources of Vitamin C — more per calorie than orange juice — and an excellent source of dietary fiber .
It ’s also a vegetable recommended for losing weight , although I would n’t wish a cabbage soup diet on anyone .
Nor do most doctors .
Cabbage was one of the vegetables brought early to North America , first to Canada in the 16th century by the French navigator Jacques Cartier .
It ’s been largely uphill since then .
Despite the many ways it can be prepared in the kitchen — a Google search of “ cabbage , recipes ” turns up 3,410,000 — cabbage gets little respect from gastronomes .
And not a whole lot more from plant breeders .
Cultivars may number in the hundreds , but do n’t expect a wheelbarrowful of new cabbages every spring .
All - America Selections , which trials new vegetables and flowers for home gardeners , has awarded its prized red , white , and blue seal to a cabbage only 16 times since 1934 .
( The last award was in 2000 for ‘ Savoy Express ’ . )
In Seed Savers Exchange 's inventory , the number of commercially available nonhybrid cabbages decreased by more than half between 1980 and 2000 , one of only a handful of vegetables to “ lose ” so many varieties .
Despite being on the breeders ’ back burner , you can find green ( aka white ) , blue - green , and red cabbages ; smooth - leaf and savoy cabbages ( which have seersuckerlike leaves ) ; round , flattened , and pointy cabbages ; and cabbages ranging from the size of soccer balls to as small as croquet balls .
There are varieties for truncated seasons , such as ‘ Parel ’ , and cabbages like ‘ Rio Grande ’ for warm climates , where seeds most often are sown in the fall .
Or choose cultivars such as ‘ Reaction ’ have resistance to fusarium wilt , a soil - based fungi that causes leaves to wilt and die .
If you ’d like to try an heirloom cabbage , an old , open - pollinated cultivar developed more than 50 years ago , check out the online catalog of Heirloom Seeds , a family - run seed company in Pennsylvania .
Among its offerings are the savoy ‘ Drumhead ( 1797 ) and ‘ Early Jersey Wakefield ’ , a conical - shaped variety introduced in 1840 .
Most of New England offers just the conditions cabbages like — cool summers and even moisture .
Short - and midseason cultivars , which are ready to cut in fewer than 85 days , tend to have a milder flavor than late - season cabbages , which take more than 85 days to mature .
Days - to - maturity with cabbages , do n’t forget , are from transplanting , not from sowing seeds .
Karan Davis Cutler is one of eight garden writers blogging at Diggin ' It .
She 's a former magazine editor and newspaper columnist , is the author of scores of garden articles and more than a dozen books , including “ Burpee - The Complete Flower Gardener ” and “ Herb Gardening for Dummies . ”
She now struggles to garden in the unyieldingly dense clay of Addison County , Vt. , on the shore of Lake Champlain , where she is working on a book about gardening to attract birds and other wildlife .
She blogs regularly for Diggin ’
It .
Editor ’s note :
For more Monitor gardening , see our main gardening page and previous posts of Diggin '
It [ they 're there if you keep scrolling down ] .
Both of these have new URLs , so we hope you 'll bookmark them and return .
Want to be notified when there 's something new in our gardening section ?
Sign up for our RSS feed .
Kinderlärm jetzt gesetzlich genehmigt : Kinder dürfen Krach machen
Störende Geräusche von Kindern sind nun per Gesetz für zumutbar erklärt .
Kinder sind damit rechtlich gleichgestellt mit Kirchenglocken , Feuerwehrsirenen und Traktoren .
Das Abgeordnetenhaus hat Kinderlärm erlaubt .
SPD , Linke und auch die Grünen stimmten am Donnerstagabend dafür , einen neuen Satz in das Landesimmissionsschutzgesetz einzufügen .
Dort heißt es jetzt in Paragraf 6 : " Störende Geräusche , die von Kindern ausgehen , sind als Ausdruck selbstverständlicher kindlicher Entfaltung und zur Erhaltung kindgerechter Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten grundsätzlich sozialadäquat und damit zumutbar . "
Bisher gab es Ausnahmen im Gesetz nur für Kirchenglocken , Feuerwehrsirenen und Erntetraktoren .
Das Gesetz wurde eingebracht , nachdem Nachbarn gerichtlich gegen den Lärm von Kitas vorgegangen waren und die Einrichtungen deshalb umziehen mussten .
" Wir wollen die Attraktivität der Innenstadt als Wohnort für Familien steigern , und Kinder gehören dazu " , sagte der SPD - Abgeordnete Holger Thärichen bei der Debatte im Parlament .
Berlin sei das erste Bundesland , das Kinderlärm rechtlich bevorzuge .
Es sei eine " bedenkliche gesellschaftliche Tendenz , wenn es zunehmend zu Konflikten aufgrund von Kinderlärm kommt und immer häufiger auch gegen Einrichtungen für Kinder geklagt wird " .
Mit dieser Formulierung für die Gesetzesänderung habe man eine Lösung gefunden , die " Klagen gegen Kinderlärm grundsätzlich erschweren " .
Marion Platta von der Linksfraktion sagte , man wolle " klar und deutlich zum Ausdruck bringen , dass diese Stadtgesellschaft bewusst für ein Klima der gesunden Entwicklung von Kindern steht " .
Die CDU befürchtet dagegen , dass die Gesetzesänderung nicht eindeutig genug ist .
Sie hätte sich etwa auch eine ausdrückliche Bevorzugung des Lärms gewünscht , den Kinder beim Lernen von Musikinstrumenten in der Wohnung machen .
Damit wäre es Nachbarn noch zusätzlich erschwert worden , gegen stundenlanges Klaviergeklimper und Trompetenquietschen vorzugehen .
Das beschlossene Gesetz sei dagegen nicht hinreichend klar , kritisierte die CDU - Abgeordnete Emine Demirbüken - Wegner .
Auch Henner Schmidt ( FDP ) kritisierte , das Gesetz sei " handwerklich schlecht gemacht " und " komplett fehlkonstruiert " .
Die Grünen begrüßten das Gesetz , forderten aber noch weitergehende Schritte .
" Eine Respekt - Toleranz - Kampagne wäre zum Beispiel möglich und notwendig , um mehr Toleranz nicht nur für Kinderlärm , sondern auch für den , den Jugendliche und etwas Ältere machen , in dieser Stadt zu gewinnen " , so die Abgeordnete Felicitas Kubala .
Everybody 's talking about tablets , especially those single - pane capacitive touchscreen ones more specifically known as " slates . "
The iPad is the biggest newsmaker , but there are lots headed our way ( most with built - in webcams ) .
Here 's how they measure up , spec-wise :
Updated : We 've added Lenovo IdeaPad U1 and Archos 9 Windows 7 edition — see below for more details .
Advertisement
Click on the image to view it larger
Advertisement
As you can see , they have different strengths and weaknesses , some of which will become more clear in the coming months as we learn more about each tablet .
( That Dell Mini 5 is especially inscrutable right now . )
The iPad has the most storage , cheap 3G , the time - tested iPhone OS and its mountain of apps , and a serious amount of Apple marketing juice behind it .
But it 's also famously lacking features common to the other tablets , such as webcam and multitasking ( only first party apps like music and email can multitask ) .
The Notion Ink Adam is perhaps the most interesting of the bunch , with its dual - function transflective screen from Pixel Qi :
It can be either a normal LCD or , with the flick of a switch , an easy - on - the - eyes reflective LCD that resembles e-ink .
Its hardware is also surprisingly impressive — but it remains to be seen if Android is really the right OS for a 10 - inch tablet .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
8 Things That Suck About the iPad A lot of people at Gizmodo are psyched about the iPad .
Not me !
My god , am I underwhelmed by it .
It… Read more
The Dell Mini 5 and forthcoming Android edition of the Archos 7 tablet are two of a kind , almost oversized smartphones in their feature sets .
Is an extra two or three inches of screen real estate worth the consequent decrease in pocketability ?
Perhaps not .
And finally , there 's the maligned JooJoo , formerly the CrunchPad , a bit of an oddball as the only web - only device in the bunch .
It does n't really have apps , can't multitask , and pretty much confines you to an albeit fancy browser , sort of like Chrome OS will .
The JooJoo is also the only tablet here to have no demonstrated way to read ebooks .
Advertisement
Update :
The two new additions in v.2 of this chart , the Lenovo IdeaPad U1 and Archos 9 , are both unusual .
The Windows 7 - powered Archos 9 has been available since September , is the only slate here that lacks multitouch , and is the only one with a HDD instead of solid state memory of some kind .
It 's more related to the older tablets , but there 's no keyboard , just a 9 - inch touchscreen .
It does n't even have specific apps like the HP Slate 's TouchSmart , it 's just a Windows computer .
The Lenovo IdeaPad U1 is even weirder , in that it 's actually two computers — the specs listed in the chart are for the tablet detached , but when it 's attached to its base , it switches both hardware and software .
In its attached form , it 's a Windows 7 laptop with a full keyboard and trackpad , Core 2 Duo processor , 4GB of memory , eSATA , VGA - and HDMI - out , and all the other amenities you 'd expect from a modern thin - and - light .
We just have see what it 's like when it ships in June .
Advertisement
Data Sources :
Apple iPad : [ Gizmodo ]
HP Slate : [ Gizmodo , GDGT ; Tipster ]
Fusion Garage JooJoo : [ Gizmodo ]
Notion Ink Adam : [ Slashgear ]
Dell Mini 5 : [ Gizmodo , Gizmodo ]
Archos 7 Android : [ DanceWithShadows , Gizmodo ]
Lenovo IdeaPad U1 : [ Lenovo , Gizmodo , Gizmodo ]
Archos 9 : [ UMPCPortal , Archos ]
Advertisement
A quick word about " slates " vs. " tablets " :
These are tablets , and it's a word we prefer .
The sad fact is , it 's overused .
There 's no way to say " tablet " without including every godawful stylus - based convertible laptop built since 2002 .
( Thank you , Bill Gates ! )
And even the new touchscreen tablets come in single - pane and keyboard - equipped laptop styles .
So " slate , " good or bad , is the more apt term .
In what has become a familiar refrain , the latest State of the Internet report from Akamai shows the US trailing in a number of metrics , including average connection speeds and broadband penetration .
As the FCC is set to announce the first official national broadband policy in March , the study underscores the need for that policy to encourage expansion of high - speed networking infrastructure ( which it appears poised to do ) as well as drive the necessary competition to make broadband connections more affordable ( which it wo n't apparently address in much detail ) .
Akamai bases its statistics on data gathered from its network of 56,000 servers spread around the world , part of its optimized media delivery system .
This gives Akamai an extremely large data set to mine for information like the number of unique IP addresses accessing its services and their connection speeds .
Sifting through this data and linking IP addresses to specific locations allows for some fairly detailed analysis .
Middle of the pack
Unfortunately for the US , the data is pretty mixed .
For the third quarter of 2009 , the average connection speed for the country was 3.9 Mbps , placing the US in 18th place globally .
Unsurprisingly , South Korea topped the list with an average of 14.6 Mbps , almost twice the average of second - place Japan with 7.9 Mbps .
Asian and European countries filled the top ten , with Ireland and the Czech Republic making particularly large gains in average speed year - over - year .
The US average was actually down slightly , 2.4 percent year - over - year .
Around the country , New England and the Southwest tended to have the highest average connection speeds .
Some cities in particular had blazingly fast averages — Sandy , Utah ; Iowa City , Iowa ; Norman , Oklahoma ; Logan , Utah ; and Clemson , South Carolina all had speed averages well over 20 Mbps .
Sandy ,
Utah was identified as the fastest city in the country when it comes to speedy Internet — its average speed was 32.7 Mbps .
Broadband connectivity , fastest countries .
The US ranks 35th , behind most of Europe and Asia .
Akamai uses unique IP numbers per capita to measure penetration rates .
( At least one study considers per capita measurements a flawed metric , noting that 60 percent of households in the US have Internet access . )
For total Internet connectivity , the study ranks the US fifth worldwide , but 15th in broadband penetration .
Akamai defines " broadband " ( perhaps rather generously ) as 2 M bps or higher .
Compared to speedier countries , the US ranked a lowly 35th place , with just 57 percent of connections at 2 M bps or higher .
The US fared better when comparing the percentage of connections with " high broadband " speeds of 5 M bps or higher .
Here , the US ranked 12th globally , with 24 percent of its connections counted as " high broadband . "
Recent studies show that US customers also pay a lot more for what they get .
For our average of 3.9 Mbps , we pay about $ 40 per month .
In France , by comparison , many users have access to a $ 45 monthly plan that includes 20 - 30 M bps connections , VoIP service , and HDTV with a DVR included .
Such plans in the US regularly exceed $ 100 , and speeds rarely reach those levels .
( Let 's not even speak of the state of customer service . )
The latest report from the Pew Internet and American Life Project shows a strong correlation between income level and broadband adoption , suggesting that high prices may be one of the factors limiting adoption .
Listing image by Akamai
US President Barack Obama has announced a climate deal in Copenhagen with other major world leaders , calling it " unprecedented " but still not enough to beat global warming .
His announcement came more than four hours after the scheduled close of the summit and an exhaustive round of diplomacy between the US , China and India .
US officials say the agreement includes a commitment from wealthy and key developing nations to limit global warming to two degrees Celsius .
Mr Obama said he would leave the Danish capital before the 194 - nation summit takes a final vote on the accord , which he called " meaningful " .
" This progress did not come easily and we know this progress alone is not enough , " he said .
" Climate change threatens us all , therefore we must bridge all divides , " he said .
" The time has come for us to get off the sidelines and shape the future we seek .
" That 's why I believe what we have achieved in Copenhagen will not be the end , but the beginning . "
The United States , China , India and South Africa have agreed on the text of what will be known as the Copenhagen Accord .
If the 194 - nation summit votes for the accord , it will be a statement of intent , not a legally binding treaty .
Correspondents say the breakthrough appears to have come after a US backdown on wording on verification procedures .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy says all countries have agreed to the deal .
" We have an agreement , " Mr Sarkozy told a news conference in Copenhagen after the meeting of 120 world leaders .
" The text we have is not perfect . "
Mr Sarkozy says Germany will host a new conference on climate change in six months in Bonn , to follow up the work of the Copenhagen summit .
The final outcome will be sealed at a conference in Mexico City at the end of 2010 .
Under the accord , he said all countries - including China - would have to submit written plans for curbs in carbon dioxide emissions by January 2010 .
He said all countries had signed up for a plan to provide developing nations with $ US100 billion a year in aid by 2020 .
China 's top climate negotiator Xie Zhenhua said the summit had a positive result and that all should be happy .
" After negotiations both sides have managed to preserve their bottom line , for the Chinese this was our sovereignty and our national interest , " he told reporters .
Step towards binding treaty
Mr Obama described the document as a step towards drawing up a legally binding treaty .
" The way this agreement is structured , each nation will be putting concrete commitments into an appendix to the document , " he said .
" Those commitments will then be subject to an international consultation and analysis .
" It will allow for each country to show to the world what they are doing .
We 'll know who is meeting and who is not meeting the mutual obligations set forth .
" We know they will not be by themselves sufficient to get to where we need to get by 2050 . "
Mr Obama said while a legally binding agreement would be neccessary in the future , it was important for progress to be seen to be made .
" This is a classic example of if we just waited for that [ a legally binding agreement ] , then we would not make any proccess , " he said .
" And I think there would be such frustration that instead of taking one step forwards , we would take two steps back . "
But he warned that the cuts needed to halt global warming cannot be ignored and should not be lost in the debate .
" But this will ultimately be driven by the science , and the science indicates we 're going to have to take more aggressive steps in the future , " he said .
" I want to make sure that whatever it is we can promise we can actually deliver on . "
- ABC /AFP / Reuters
Children need a well - balanced diet Nine out of 10 mothers questioned in a British Heart Foundation ( BHF ) survey misunderstood the nutrition information on children 's foods .
The BHF says mothers believe claims such as " a source of calcium , iron and six vitamins " mean a product is likely to be healthy .
A " mish mash " of different food labelling styles is fuelling confusion among shoppers , it added .
But manufacturers insisted their nutritional labelling was clear .
The research was carried out on 1454 parents aged between 16 - 64 years old with kids aged 15 or under through an online survey .
It found that 76 % of mothers questioned believed that " wholegrain " means the product is likely to be healthy .
However , the BHF said that - for example - Nestle 's Honey Shreddies , which claim to be wholegrain and to " keep your heart healthy and maintain a healthy body " , contain more sugar [ 13.6g ] than a ring doughnut [ 9.2g ] in an average serving .
Kellogg 's Coco Pops cereal and milk bars are labelled as " a source of calcium , iron and six vitamins " and 63 % of mothers in the survey thought they were healthy .
The BHF said that for every 100g they were higher in saturated fat and sugar than the average chocolate cake .
The Natural Confectionery Company Jelly Snakes which are made by Cadbury 's contain more calories gram for gram than black treacle , the BHF said .
Single labelling scheme
Almost three in five respondents believed that the phrase " no artificial flavourings , no artificial colourings " indicated a healthy treat .
The questionnaire found that 84 % of them wanted a single , front - of - pack food labelling scheme .
Peter Hollins , BHF chief executive , said : " Mums are having the wool pulled over their eyes by food manufacturers .
" Smoke and mirror tactics means that foods targeted at children and high in fat , salt and sugar are being disguised with partial health claims suggesting they are a healthy choice .
" Regularly eating these types of foods could have serious implications for kids ' future health . "
A single unified labelling system for food is needed because it the " mish mash " of the different systems serves only to confuse shoppers , he added .
" It 's time for food companies to stop making excuses , support one system and ensure shoppers are given ' at a glance ' information about the foods they 're giving their kids . "
A spokesman for the Natural Confectionery Company said : " All we claim is that the sweets contain no artificial colours and flavours - which is true - so we 're not sure why this should confuse anybody .
" All nutritional information is clearly labelled on the bag . "
And a spokesman for Kellogg 's responded : " A Kellogg 's Coco Pops Cereal and Milk bar actually contains less than two teaspoons of sugar per bar and has half the calories ( 84 ) and far less fat than a chocolate bar .
" Parents understand this because we give them the information they need , through our front - of - pack labelling , to make similar comparisons . "
Julian Hunt , of the Food and Drink Federation , has complained that the BHF did not share its research with them :
" The truth is that the food industry takes its responsibilities seriously .
" That 's why our members are leading the world when it comes to ensuring that food recipes meet the demands of mums and their families - whether that 's through the use of natural ingredients ; reducing the amount of salt , fat or sugar used ; or fortifying products with nutritionally - vital vitamins , minerals and micro-nutrients .
" The nutrition claims identified by BHF are not ' partial health claims ' - they are approved under the EU Nutrition and Health Claims Regulation , which is setting a strict legal framework for all claims on food packs .
" To claim otherwise is being completely disingenuous - or shows that the BHF is deliberately trying to mislead both mums and journalists at what is a very busy time for all of us . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
About 20 Maricopa County Sheriff 's deputies and detention officers failed to show for work at the downtown Phoenix Superior Court Wednesday morning , disrupting an untold number of proceedings .
The courthouse was further thrown into disarray about 10 a.m. when a bomb threat was called in by someone who claimed to be disgruntled with the Maricopa County Public Defender 's Office , a sheriff 's spokesman said .
About 15 minutes later , court authorities evacuated the building .
An estimated 200 people were waiting out the evacuation at a plaza across the street from the court buildings .
" We have a credible threat , " said Sgt. Glen Czapski of the sheriff 's department .
Traffic slowly began to trickle back in to the buildings about 1 p.m. , but by then many cases and hearings had been disrupted .
Court administrators were in the process of determining the impact that the deputies and officers ' absences had on the court when the buildings were evacuated .
Administrators were notified this morning that 19 deputies and detention officers would be taking sick leave and one additional officer would be out " due to unforeseen circumstances , " said Criminal Court Administrator Bob James .
Inmate transports were affected and high - volume courts , such as early disposition courts were " definitely affected , " he said .
" There are well over 100 in - custody inmates that affects , " James said .
James was able to determine that an additional five to 10 criminal court divisions were impacted by the absences , but he had not contacted all the divisions before the buildings were evacuated .
A representative for the Maricopa County Association of Detention Officers , John Solano , said the high absenteeism was not a coordinated act of solidarity for detention officer Adam Stoddard , who turned himself Tuesday night in to serve a sentence for contempt .
That sentence stemmed from an incident in which Stoddard removed documents from a defense attorney 's during a defendant 's sentencing hearing .
Solano said a number of sheriff 's personnel have been out sick of late .
Solano and other detention officers refused to answer any questions about the " brownout " at a Tuesday afternoon press conference where more than 150 deputies and detention officers gathered outside the courthouse and reiterated their support of Stoddard .
The sheriff 's personnel repeatedly said " they would not stand down " in their support of Stoddard , but could not elaborate on whether that support would include more press conferences or any other forms of protest .
" We do n't want to create a problem , " Solano said , distancing the union from the decisions of sheriff 's personnel who called in sick .
" We do n't have any protests .
We do n't plan for any protests .
Our solidarity is for officer Stoddard . "
Deputy Sean Pearce , a representative from the Deputies Law Enforcement Association , thought the high number of absences Wednesday showed how sheriff 's personnel felt about Stoddard 's situation .
" I think it sends out a message that this officer has integrity �
Why should he apologize for doing his job ? "
Pearce asked .
Sheriff Joe Arpaio said he had no indication that the sick - leave in the courts was related to Stoddard 's situation .
" I do have a political prisoner in jail who happens to be my Detention Officer , " Arpaio added .
Deputy Chief .
Dave Trombi confirmed that a number of detention officers and deputies called in sick , but it 's not immediately clear whether the personnel were detention officers who provide security in the courthouse or those who help transport inmates to and from court .
The bomb threat was the second in a week .
On Monday , a caller who claimed he was upset with the Public Defender 's Office said there was a bomb in the court complex , but security officers felt it was a vague threat and only stepped up screening of court patrons and staff .
The caller Wednesday was apparently more specific , again saying he was upset with the Public Defender 's Office , but this time claiming that he had planted devices in the Central and West Court buildings and he was going to detonate them .
The entire court complex was immediately evacuated , and at least 10 search dogs from three agencies � the Sheriff 's Office , the state Department of Corrections and Phoenix Police � were called to the scene to scour the building .
People who have business at the court are encouraged to call 602- 506-6000 for updates .
The evacuation may last upward of a couple of hours , authorities suggested .
Non Power of Two Fast Fourier Transform The Fast Fourier Transform ( FFT ) is most optimized for vectors that are powers of two .
However , sometimes you need the Fourier transform of some data of non power of two lengths .
The next most common factor for arbitrary numbers is three .
This article describes how FFTs of powers of three and six can be efficiently implemented .
The Fast Fourier Transform is a fast algorithm to calculate the discrete Fourier Transform : F f = Σ t N - 1x t Exp [ 2iπtf /N ]
Power of Two FFTs
For power of two lengths this sum can be efficiently evaluated by splitting the problem in half .
The even and odd points can be handled by doing a transform of half - size .
i.e. F f = ( Σ t N /2 - 1x 2t Exp [ 2iπtf / ( N/2 ) ] ) +
Ex p [ 2iπf / ( N/2 ) ] Σ t N/2-1x 2t+1 Ex p [ 2iπtf / ( N/2 ) ] = F f ( even points ) + Exp [ 2iπf / ( N/2 ) ]
F f ( odd points )
The results from the two sub-transforms can be combined to produce the full - length transform in O ( n ) operations , multiplying by the " twiddle " or " phase " factors .
The recursion takes O ( lg ( n ) ) levels , thus yielding a total computational complexity of O( n lg( n ) ) , which is a great savings over the brute - force method , which takes O ( n2 ) operations .
( This is known as the Cooley - Tukey FFT algorithm . )
If the order of the input data is rearranged into bit - reversed order , then the transformation can be made in - place .
This can be done with an algorithm in O ( n ) steps : static void swap ( double * restrict x , double * restrict y ) { double temp = * x ; *x = *y ; *y = temp ; } static void bitreverse ( double * data , int n ) { int i , j = 1 ; for ( i = 1 ; i < n * 2 ; i += 2 ) { int m = n ; if ( j > i ) { swap ( & data [ j - 1 ] , & data [ i - 1 ] ) ; swap ( &data[j ] , & data [ i ] ) ; } while ( ( m >= 2 ) && ( j > m ) ) { j -= m ; m >>=
1 ; } j += m ; } } Also , the twiddle factors can be pre-computed : # include < math.h > # include < err.h> /*
Twiddle factors */ static double * tc ; static double * ts ; static void init_twiddle ( int size ) { int i ; tc = malloc ( sizeof ( double ) * size ) ; ts = malloc ( sizeof ( double ) * size ) ; if ( ! tc || !ts ) errx ( 1 , " Out of memory in init_twiddle
" ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < size ; i++) { tc [ i ] = cos ( 2 * M_PI * i/size ) ; ts [ i ] = sin( 2* M_PI * i/size ) ; } } static void fini_twiddle ( void ) { free ( tc ) ; free ( ts ) ; } Finally , it is possible to use less complex multiplications in some cases .
When the twiddle factors are 1 , - 1 , +i , -i , the multiplications are " free " , and turn into relabeling of the data .
In addition , when the transformation size is eight , the twiddle factors are symmetric , and also can be done more efficiently .
Using these speed - ups an algorithm for power of two sized transforms is : static void fft4_aux ( double * data ) { double tempr = data [ 2 ] ; double tempi = data [ 3 ] ; dat a [ 2 ] = data [ 0 ] - tempr ; dat a [ 3 ] = data [ 1 ] - tempi ; data [ 0 ] += tempr ; data [ 1 ] += tempi ; tempr = data [ 6 ] ; tempi = data [ 7 ] ; dat a [ 6 ] = data [ 4 ] - tempr ; dat a [ 7 ] = data [ 5 ] - tempi ; tempr += data [ 4 ] ; tempi += data [ 5 ] ; dat a [ 4 ] = data [ 0 ] - tempr ; dat a [ 5 ] = data [ 1 ] - tempi ; data [ 0 ] += tempr ; data [ 1 ] += tempi ; tempr = data [ 7 ] ; tempi = data [ 6 ] ; dat a [ 6 ] = data [ 2 ] + tempr ; dat a [ 7 ] = dat a [ 3 ]
- tempi ; data [ 2 ] -= tempr ; dat a [ 3 ] += tempi ; } static void rec_fft2_aux ( double * data , int rsize , int scal ) { int size = rsize / 2 ; int ii ; if ( rsize == 4 ) { fft4_aux ( data ) ; return ; } rec_fft2_aux ( data , size , scal * 2 ) ; rec_fft2_aux ( data + rsize , size , scal * 2 ) ; if ( rsize == 8 ) { double s2 = tc[ scal ] ; double tempr = data [ 8 ] ; double tempi = data [ 9 ] ; dat a [ 8 ] = data [ 0 ] - tempr ; data [ 9 ] = data [ 1 ] - tempi ; data [ 0 ] += tempr ; dat a [ 1 ] += tempi ; tempr = s2 * ( data [ 10 ] - data [ 11 ] ) ; tempi = s2 * ( data [ 11 ] + data [ 10 ] ) ; data [ 10 ] = data [ 2 ] - tempr ; data [ 11 ] = data [ 3 ] - tempi ; data [ 2 ] += tempr ; dat a [ 3 ] += tempi ; tempr = data [ 13 ] ; tempi = data [ 12 ] ; data [ 12 ] = data [ 4 ] + tempr ; data [ 13 ] = data [ 5 ] - tempi ; data [ 4 ] -= tempr ; dat a [ 5 ] += tempi ; tempr = s2 * ( data [ 14 ] + data [ 15 ] ) ; tempi = s2 * ( data [ 14 ] - data [ 15 ] ) ; data [ 14 ] = data [ 6 ] + tempr ; data [ 15 ] = data [ 7 ] - tempi ; data [ 6 ] -= tempr ; dat a [ 7 ] += tempi ; return ; } for ( ii = 0 ; ii < size ; ii ++ ) { int i = ii * 2 ; int j = ii * scal ; double c = tc[j ] ; double s = ts[j ] ; double tempr = c * data [ i + rsize ] - s * data[ i + rsize + 1 ] ; double tempi = c * data [ i + rsize +
1 ] + s * data [ i + rsize ] ; data [ i + rsize ] = data [ i ] - tempr ; data [ i + rsize + 1 ] = data [ i + 1 ] - tempi ; data [ i ] += tempr ; data [ i + 1 ] += tempi ; } } static void rec_fft2 ( double * data , int rsize ) { bitreverse ( data , rsize ) ; if ( rsize < 4 ) { if ( rsize == 1 ) return ; if ( rsize == 2 ) { double tempr = data [ 2 ] ; double tempi = data [ 3 ] ; dat a [ 2 ] = data [ 0 ] - tempr ; dat a [ 3 ] = data [ 1 ] - tempi ; data [ 0 ] += tempr ; dat a [ 1 ] += tempi ; return ; } } rec_fft2_aux ( data , rsize , 1 ) ; } The above uses the recursion explicit in the derivation above to make the algorithm more explicit .
However , note that it may be slightly more efficient to turn the recursion into iteration , depending on the processor and compiler .
The above can be optimized further .
It is more efficient to split the transform into four at each stage , than a split into two .
This is because the twiddle factors for size four transforms are related in a simple way by powers of the fourth root of unity = i.
Multiplications by i , ( and by - 1 , 1 , and - i ) are trivial , thus making the algorithm more efficient .
Note that we use a radix four sized reverse , instead of the bit reverse used above .
static void fft4_aux4 ( double * data ) { double sr0 = data [ 0 ] + data [ 4 ] ; double si0 = data [ 1 ] + data [ 5 ] ; double dr0 = data [ 0 ] - data [ 4 ] ; double di0 = data [ 1 ] - data [ 5 ] ; double sr1 = data [ 2 ] + data [ 6 ] ; double si1 = dat a [ 3 ] + data [ 7 ] ; double dr1 = dat a [ 2 ] - data [ 6 ] ; double di1 = dat a [ 3 ] - data [ 7 ] ; data [ 0 ] = sr0 + sr1 ; data [ 1 ] = si0 + si1 ; data [ 4 ] = sr0 - sr1 ; data [ 5 ] = si0 - si1 ; data [ 2 ] = dr0 - di1 ; dat a [ 3 ] = di0 + dr1 ; data [ 6 ] = dr0 + di1 ; dat a [ 7 ] = di0 - dr1 ; } static void rec_fft4_aux ( double * data , int rsize , int scal ) { int size = rsize / 4 ; int rhsize = rsize / 2 ; int ii ; if ( rsize == 4 ) { fft4_aux4 ( data ) ; return ; } rec_fft4_aux ( data , size , scal * 4 ) ; rec_fft4_aux ( data + rhsize , size , scal * 4 ) ; rec_fft4_aux ( data + rsize , size , scal * 4 ) ; rec_fft4_aux ( data + rsize + rhsize , size , scal * 4 ) ; for ( ii = 0 ; ii < size ; ii ++ ) { int i = ii * 2 ; int j1 = ii * 1 * scal ; int j2 = ii * 2 * scal ; int j3 = ii * 3 * scal ; double c1 = tc [ j1 ] ; double s1 = ts [ j1 ] ; double tempr1 = c1 * data [ i + rhsize ] - s1 * data [ i + rhsize + 1 ] ; double tempi1 = c1 * data [ i + rhsize + 1 ] + s1 * data [ i + rhsize ] ; double c2 = tc [ j2 ] ; double s2 = ts [ j2 ] ; double tempr2 = c2 * data [ i + rsize ] - s2 * data [ i + rsize + 1 ] ; double tempi2 = c2 * data [ i + rsize + 1 ] + s2 * data [ i + rsize ] ; double c3 = tc[ j3 ] ; double s3 = ts [ j3 ] ; double tempr3 = c3 * data [ i + rhsize + rsize ] - s3 * data [ i + rhsize + rsize + 1 ] ; double tempi3 = c3 * data [ i + rhsize + rsize + 1 ] + s3 * data [ i + rhsize + rsize ] ; double sr0 = data [ i ] + tempr2 ; double si0 = data [ i + 1 ] + tempi2 ; double dr0 = data [ i ] - tempr2 ; double di0 = data [ i + 1 ] - tempi2 ; double sr1 = tempr1 + tempr3 ; double si1 = tempi1 + tempi3 ; double dr1 = tempr1 - tempr3 ; double di1 = tempi1 - tempi3 ; data [ i ] = sr0 + sr1 ; data [ i + 1 ] = si0 + si1 ; data [ i + rsize ] = sr0 - sr1 ; data [ i + rsize +
1 ] = si0 - si1 ; data [ i + rhsize ] = dr0 - di1 ; data [ i + rhsize +
1 ] = di0 + dr1 ; data [ i + rhsize + rsize ] = dr0 + di1 ; data [ i + rhsize + rsize + 1 ] = di0 - dr1 ; } } /* Radix reverse with Ruis algorithm */ static void radixreverse ( double * data , int rsize , int m ) { int k , l , r , i , nm ; int *j = malloc ( sizeof ( int ) * rsize ) ; if ( !j ) errx ( 1 , " OOM in radixreverse ( )
" ) ; j [ 0 ] = 0 ; nm = rsize / m ; for ( i = 1 ; i < m ; i ++ ) { j[ i ] = i * nm ; swap ( & data [ i * 2 ] , & data [ j [ i ] * 2 ] ) ; swap ( &data [ i * 2 + 1 ] , & data [ j [ i ] * 2 + 1 ] ) ; } for ( i = m , l = m , r=nm / m ; r > 0 ; l *= m , r /= m ) { for ( k = 0 ; k < ( m - 1 ) * l ; k++ , i ++ ) { j[ i ] = j[k ] + r ; if ( i < j[ i ] ) { swap ( & data [ i * 2 ] , & data [ j [ i ] * 2 ] ) ; swap ( &data [ i * 2 + 1 ] , & data [ j [ i ] * 2 + 1 ] ) ; } } } free ( j ) ; } static void rec_fft4 ( double * data , int rsize ) { radixreverse ( data , rsize , 4 ) ; if ( rsize < 4 ) { if ( rsize == 1 ) return ; if ( rsize == 2 ) { double tempr = data [ 2 ] ; double tempi = data [ 3 ] ; dat a [ 2 ] = data [ 0 ] - tempr ; dat a [ 3 ] = data [ 1 ] - tempi ; data [ 0 ] += tempr ; dat a [ 1 ] += tempi ; return ; } } rec_fft4_aux ( data , rsize , 1 ) ; } The above is a fair bit more efficient , taking about 4.25n lg( n ) + O( n ) steps for radix 4 , compared to 5n lg( n ) + O( n ) for the radix 2 algorithm .
However , it can be improved further .
The trick is to use a split - radix algorithm .
This uses a half - sized sub - transform for the even points , and two quarter - sized transforms for the odd points .
This wins because the half - sized transform does n't need any twiddle factors to be extended to the full - sized transform .
The resulting algorithm looks something like : static void rec_ffts_aux ( double * data , int rsize , int scal ) { int size = rsize / 4 ; int rhsize = rsize / 2 ; int ii ; if ( rsize == 2 ) { double tempr = data [ 2 ] ; double tempi = data [ 3 ] ; dat a [ 2 ] = data [ 0 ] - tempr ; dat a [ 3 ] = data [ 1 ] - tempi ; data [ 0 ] += tempr ; dat a [ 1 ] += tempi ; return ; } if ( rsize == 4 ) { fft4_aux ( data ) ; return ; } rec_ffts_aux ( data , rhsize , scal * 2 ) ; rec_ffts_aux ( data + rsize , size , scal * 4 ) ; rec_ffts_aux ( data + rsize + rhsize , size , scal * 4 ) ; if ( rsize == 8 ) { double s2 = tc[ scal ] ; double tempr1 = data [ 8 ] ; double tempi1 = data [ 9 ] ; double tempr3 = data [ 12 ] ; double tempi3 = data [ 13 ] ; double sr1 = tempr1 + tempr3 ; double si1 = tempi1 + tempi3 ; double dr1 = tempr1 - tempr3 ; double di1 = tempi1 - tempi3 ; data [ 8 ] = data [ 0 ] - sr1 ; data [ 9 ] = data [ 1 ] - si1 ; data [ 12 ] = data [ 4 ] + di1 ; data [ 13 ] = data [ 5 ] - dr1 ; data [ 0 ] += sr1 ; data [ 1 ] += si1 ; data [ 4 ] -= di1 ; dat a [ 5 ] += dr1 ; tempr1 = s2 * ( data [ 10 ] - data [ 11 ] ) ; tempi1 = s2 * ( data [ 10 ] + data [ 11 ] ) ; tempr3 = s2 * ( data [ 14 ] + data [ 15 ] ) ; tempi3 = s2 * ( data [ 14 ] - data [ 15 ] ) ; sr1 = tempr1 - tempr3 ; si1 = tempi1 + tempi3 ; dr1 = tempr1 + tempr3 ; di1 = tempi1 - tempi3 ; data [ 10 ] = data [ 2 ] - sr1 ; data [ 11 ] = data [ 3 ] - si1 ; data [ 14 ] = data [ 6 ] + di1 ; data [ 15 ] = data [ 7 ] - dr1 ; data [ 2 ] += sr1 ; data [ 3 ] += si1 ; data [ 6 ] -= di1 ; dat a [ 7 ] += dr1 ; return ; } for ( ii = 0 ; ii < size ; ii ++ ) { int i = ii * 2 ; int j1 = ii * scal ; int j3 = ii * 3 * scal ; double c1 = tc [ j1 ] ; double s1 = ts [ j1 ] ; double tempr1 = c1 * data [ i + rsize ] - s1 * data [ i + rsize + 1 ] ; double tempi1 = c1 * data [ i + rsize + 1 ] + s1 * data [ i + rsize ] ; double c3 = tc[ j3 ] ; double s3 = ts [ j3 ] ; double tempr3 = c3 * data [ i + rhsize + rsize ] - s3 * data [ i + rhsize + rsize + 1 ] ; double tempi3 = c3 * data [ i + rhsize + rsize + 1 ] + s3 * data [ i + rhsize + rsize ] ; double sr1 = tempr1 + tempr3 ; double si1 = tempi1 + tempi3 ; double dr1 = tempr1 - tempr3 ; double di1 = tempi1 - tempi3 ; data [ i + rsize ] = data [ i ] - sr1 ; data [ i + rsize +
1 ] = data [ i + 1 ] - si1 ; data [ i + rhsize + rsize ] = data [ i + rhsize ] + di1 ; data [ i + rhsize + rsize + 1 ] = data [ i + rhsize + 1 ] - dr1 ; data [ i ] += sr1 ; data [ i + 1 ] += si1 ; data [ i + rhsize ] -= di1 ; data [ i + rhsize + 1 ] += dr1 ; } } static void rec_ffts ( double * data , int rsize ) { bitreverse ( data , rsize ) ; if ( rsize < 4 ) { if ( rsize == 1 ) return ; if ( rsize == 2 ) { double tempr = data [ 2 ] ; double tempi = data [ 3 ] ; dat a [ 2 ] = data [ 0 ] - tempr ; dat a [ 3 ] = data [ 1 ] - tempi ; data [ 0 ] += tempr ; dat a [ 1 ] += tempi ; return ; } } rec_ffts_aux ( data , rsize , 1 ) ; } The above takes 4n lg( n ) + O( n ) floating point operations to do the transform , which is a small yet significant improvement .
Unfortunately , trying to improve this algorithm by splitting into more pieces , or trying something like a 1/2,1/4,1/8,1/8 split does n't really help .
However , the best known power of two algorithm is based on the above .
It notes that a complex multiplication may be converted into : ( a+ib ) ( c+id ) =a( 1+ib/a) ( c+id ) , or b(a/b+i ) ( c+id )
This does n't save any operations as - is , but if the pre-factor is chosen correctly , it may cancel with other multiplications in the algorithm .
This is known as the " Tangent " method , and was originally discovered by J. Van Buskirk for size 64 transformations .
If this is done , then the speed is improved to 34 / 9n lg( n ) + O( n ) to do power of two FFTs .
Power of Three FFTs
So now lets look at power of three length transformations .
Here , the obvious step is to divide the transformation into three sub- transformations , and recurse like the power of two case .
This looks like : static void rec_fft3_aux ( double * data , int rsize , int scal ) { int ii ; int size = rsize / 3 ; int rwsize = size * 2 ; if ( rsize == 1 ) return ; rec_fft3_aux ( data , size , scal * 3 ) ; rec_fft3_aux ( data + rwsize , size , scal * 3 ) ; rec_fft3_aux ( data + rwsize * 2 , size , scal * 3 ) ; for ( ii = 0 ; ii < size ; ii ++ ) { int i = ii * 2 ; int j1 = ii * scal ; int j2 = ii * 2 * scal ; double vr = - 0.5 ; double vi = sqrt ( 3.0 ) * 0.5 ; double c1 = tc [ j1 ] ; double s1 = ts [ j1 ] ; double xr1 = c1 * data [ i + rwsize ] - s1 * data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] ; double xi1 = c1 * data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] + s1 * data [ i + rwsize ] ; double tempr1_1 = xr1 * vr - xi1 * vi ; double tempi1_1 = xr1 * vi + xi1 * vr ; double tempr1 _2 = xr1 * vr + xi1 * vi ; double tempi1 _2 = - x r1 * vi + xi1 * vr ; double c2 = tc [ j2 ] ; double s2 = ts [ j2 ] ; double xr2 = c2 * data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] - s2 * data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] ; double xi2 = c2 * data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] + s2 * data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] ; double tempr2_1 = xr2 * vr - xi2 * vi ; double tempi2_1 = xr2 * vi + xi2 * vr ; double tempr2 _2 = xr2 * vr + xi2 * vi ; double tempi2 _2 = - x r2 * vi + xi2 * vr ; data [ i + rwsize ] = data [ i ] + tempr1_1 + tempr2_2 ; data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] = data [ i + 1 ] + tempi1_1 + tempi2_2 ; data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] = data [ i ] + tempr1 _2 + tempr2_1 ; data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] = data [ i + 1 ] + tempi1_2 + tempi2_1 ; data [ i ] += xr1 + xr2 ; data [ i + 1 ] += xi1 + xi2 ; } } static void rec_fft3 ( double * data , int rsize ) { if ( rsize == 1 ) return ; radixreverse ( data , rsize , 3 ) ; rec_fft3_aux ( data , rsize , 1 ) ; } The problem with the above is that the twiddle factors are not related by a nice power of i .
Thus extra full complex multiplications are required , slowing down the transformation .
( This is the reason that non power of two transformations are slow , and happens in all other bases . )
Some of the above can be optimized by rearranging the operations , and removing common sub-expressions .
However , this does n't alter the fact that the extra multiplications kill performance .
The new trick discussed here is a way to remove the cost of many of these extra complex multiplications .
How it works is to note that we do n't have to use numbers in the form a + ib , we can re-express them as c + kd , where k can be chosen to make the extra multiplications trivial .
Here , we make the choice that k = 1/2 ( 1+sqrt ( 3 ) i ) .
This k has several nice properties : k2=k - 1 k3=-1 k4=-k k5=-k+1
Addition of k - tuples is easy : ( a+kb ) +( c+kd ) = ( a+c ) +k ( b+d )
Multiplication is also nice : ( a+kb ) ( c+kd ) = ( ac - bd ) +k( ad+bc+bd )
The extra complex multiplications in the FFT turn into multiplications by k2 and k4 , which in turn simplify : k2(a+kb ) =( k-1 ) ( a+kb ) =-a-kb+ka+(k-1 ) b=-( a+b ) + ka k4(a+kb )=-k( a+kb ) =-ka-(k-1) b=b-k( a+b )
Turning these multiplications into an addition of the real and k- ary parts , together with negations which are able to be absorbed into other calculations in the FFT .
By re-arranging the calculation of the k - tuple multiply , we can perform it in the same number of operations as a normal complex multiply .
( a+kb ) ( c+kd ) = ( ac - bd ) +k( ad+bc+bd ) = ( a+b ) c - b( c+d ) + k( b( c+d ) +ad ) = a ( c+d ) -( a+b ) d+k( ( a+b ) d+bc ) = ac - bd + k( ( a+b ) ( c+d ) - ac ) .
Since c and d are known in the twiddle multiplication , so are their sum .
Thus using any of the above identities will reduce the total number of floating point operations to six .
Using the above formulation , the FFT of power of three sizes turns into : /* Complex to k */ static void itok ( double * c ) { c [ 1 ] *= 1.0/sqrt( 3.0 ) ; c [ 0 ] -= c [ 1 ] ; c [ 1 ] += c [ 1 ] ; } /* k to complex */ static void ktoi( double * c ) { c [ 0 ] += 0.5 * c [ 1 ] ; c [ 1 ] *= sqrt ( 3.0 ) * 0.5 ; } static void datatok ( double * data , int rsize ) { int i ; for ( i = 0 ; i < rsize * 2 ; i += 2 ) { itok ( data + i ) ; } } static void datatoi( double * data , int rsize ) { int i ; for ( i = 0 ; i < rsize * 2 ; i += 2 ) { ktoi( data + i ) ; } } static void fast_rec_fft3_aux ( double * data , int rsize , int scal ) { int ii ; int size = rsize / 3 ; int rwsize = size * 2 ; if ( rsize == 3 ) { double xr1 = data [ 2 ] ; double xi1 = data [ 3 ] ; double xa1 = xr1 + xi1 ; double xr2 = data [ 4 ] ; double xi2 = data [ 5 ] ; double xa2 = xr2 + xi2 ; dat a [ 2 ] = data [ 0 ] - xa1 + xi2 ; dat a [ 3 ] = data [ 1 ] + xr1 - xa2 ; dat a [ 4 ] = data [ 0 ] + xi1 - xa2 ; dat a [ 5 ] = data [ 1 ] - xa1 + xr2 ; data [ 0 ] += xr1 + xr2 ; dat a [ 1 ] += xi1 + xi2 ; return ; } fast_rec_fft3_aux ( data , size , scal * 3 ) ; fast_rec_fft3_aux ( data + rwsize , size , scal * 3 ) ; fast_rec_fft3_aux ( data + rwsize * 2 , size , scal * 3 ) ; for ( ii = 0 ; ii < size ; ii ++ ) { int i = ii * 2 ; int j1 = ii * scal ; int j2 = ii * 2 * scal ; double x1 = data [ i + rwsize ] + data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] ; double x1 c = tkc [ j1 ] * x1 ; double x1 b = tkx [ j1 ] * data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] ; double x1d = tks [ j1 ] * data [ i + rwsize ] ; double xr1 = x1 c - x1b ; double xi1 = x1 b + x1d ; double xa1 = x1 c + x1d ; double x2 = data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] + data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] ; double x2 c = tkc [ j2 ] * x2 ; double x2 b = tkx [ j2 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] ; double x2d = tks [ j2 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] ; double xr2 = x2 c - x2 b ; double xi2 = x2 b + x2d ; double xa2 = x2 c + x2d ; data [ i + rwsize ] = data [ i ] - xa1 + xi2 ; data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] = data [ i + 1 ] + xr1 - xa2 ; data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] = data [ i ] + xi1 - xa2 ; data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] = data [ i + 1 ] - xa1 + xr2 ; data [ i ] += xr1 + xr2 ; data [ i + 1 ] += xi1 + xi2 ; } } static void fast_rec_fft3 ( double * data , int rsize ) { if ( rsize == 1 ) return ; radixreverse ( data , rsize , 3 ) ; datatok ( data , rsize ) ; fast_rec_fft3_aux ( data , rsize , 1 ) ; datatoi( data , rsize ) ; }
Where the twiddle factors in k - tuple form are calculated by static void init_twiddle ( int size ) { int i ; tkc = malloc ( sizeof ( double ) * size ) ; tks = malloc ( sizeof ( double ) * size ) ; tkx = malloc ( sizeof ( double ) * size ) ; if ( !t kc || !tks || ! tkx ) errx ( 1 , " Out of memory in init_twiddle
" ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < size ; i++) { double tc = cos( 2 * M_PI * i/size ) ; double ts = sin( 2 * M_PI * i/size ) ; /* Convert to k tuple */ tks [ i ] = ts / sqrt( 3.0 ) ; tkc [ i ] = tc - tks [ i ] ; tks [ i ] += tks [ i ] ; tkx [ i ] = tks [ i ] + tkc[ i ] ; } } static void fini_twiddle ( void ) { free ( tkc ) ; free ( tks ) ; free ( tkx ) ; } What this has done is use 3n floating point operations to convert to k - tuple form , and 3n to convert back .
If the size of the transformation is large enough , this is dominated by the improvement to the O(n lg( n ) ) term in the algorithm , giving an asymptotic operation count of 26/( 3lg3 ) n lg( n ) + O( n ) ~ 5.47n lg( n ) + O( n ) .
This is still a fair bit slower than power of two sizes , but is much faster than the standard algorithm .
Power of Six FFTs
The above k- tuple trick also works for power of six sized transformations .
( In fact k = the first sixth root of unity . )
Doing this gains us the same type of speed increase that going from radix 2 to radix 4 gives .
static void fast_rec_fft6_aux ( double * data , int rsize , int scal ) { int ii ; int size = rsize / 6 ; int rwsize = size * 2 ; if ( rsize == 6 ) { double xr1 = data [ 2 ] ; double xi1 = data [ 3 ] ; double x1 = xr1 + xi1 ; double xr2 = data [ 4 ] ; double xi2 = data [ 5 ] ; double x2 = xr2 + xi 2 ; double xr4 = data [ 8 ] ; double xi4 = data [ 9 ] ; double x4 = xr4 + xi4 ; double xr5 = data [ 10 ] ; double xi5 = data [ 11 ] ; double x5 = xr5 + xi5 ; double t1 = data [ 6 ] + xr1 + xr5 ; double t2 = data [ 0 ] + xr2 + xr4 ; double t3 = dat a [ 7 ] + xi1 + xi5 ; double t4 = dat a [ 1 ] + xi2 + xi4 ; double t5 = dat a [ 6 ] - x5 + xi1 ; double t6 = data [ 0 ] - x2 + xi4 ; double t7 = dat a [ 7 ] - x1 + xr5 ; double t8 = data [ 1 ] - x4 + xr2 ; double t9 = data [ 6 ] - x1 + xi5 ; double t10 = data [ 0 ] - x4 + xi2 ; double t11 = dat a [ 7 ] - x5 + xr1 ; double t12 = data [ 1 ] - x2 + xr4 ; data [ 0 ] = t1 + t2 ; data [ 1 ] = t3 + t4 ; data [ 2 ] = t6 - t5 ; data [ 3 ] = t8 - t7 ; data [ 4 ] = t10 + t9 ; data [ 5 ] = t12 + t11 ; data [ 6 ] = t2 - t1 ; data [ 7 ] = t4 - t3 ; data [ 8 ] = t6 + t5 ; dat a [ 9 ] = t8 + t7 ; data [ 10 ] = t10 - t9 ; data [ 11 ] = t12 - t11 ; return ; } fast_rec_fft6_aux ( data , size , scal * 6 ) ; fast_rec_fft6_aux ( data + rwsize , size , scal * 6 ) ; fast_rec_fft6_aux ( data + rwsize * 2 , size , scal * 6 ) ; fast_rec_fft6_aux ( data + rwsize * 3 , size , scal * 6 ) ; fast_rec_fft6_aux ( data + rwsize * 4 , size , scal * 6 ) ; fast_rec_fft6_aux ( data + rwsize * 5 , size , scal * 6 ) ; for ( ii = 0 ; ii < size ; ii ++ ) { int i = ii * 2 ; int j1 = ii * scal ; int j2 = ii * 2 * scal ; int j3 = ii * 3 * scal ; int j4 = ii * 4 * scal ; int j5 = ii * 5 * scal ; double x1 = data [ i + rwsize ] + data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] ; double x1 c = tkc [ j1 ] * x1 ; double x1 b = tkx [ j1 ] * data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] ; double x1d = tks [ j1 ] * data [ i + rwsize ] ; double xr1 = x1 c - x1b ; double xi1 = x1 b + x1d ; double xa1 = x1 c + x1d ; double x2 = data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] + data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] ; double x2 c = tkc [ j2 ] * x2 ; double x2 b = tkx [ j2 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] ; double x2d = tks [ j2 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] ; double xr2 = x2 c - x2 b ; double xi2 = x2 b + x2d ; double xa2 = x2 c + x2d ; double x3 = data [ i + rwsize * 3 ] + data [ i + rwsize *3 + 1 ] ; double x3 c = tkc [ j3 ] * x3 ; double x3 b = tkx [ j3 ] * data [ i + rwsize *3 + 1 ] ; double x3d = tks [ j3 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 3 ] ; double xr3 = x3 c - x3 b ; double xi3 = x3 b + x3d ; double x4 = data [ i + rwsize * 4 ] + data [ i + rwsize * 4 + 1 ] ; double x4 c = tkc [ j4 ] * x4 ; double x4 b = tkx [ j4 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 4 + 1 ] ; double x4d = tks [ j4 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 4 ] ; double xr4 = x4 c - x4b ; double xi4 = x4 b + x4d ; double xa4 = x4 c + x4d ; double x5 = data [ i + rwsize * 5 ] + data [ i + rwsize * 5 + 1 ] ; double x5 c = tkc [ j5 ] * x5 ; double x5 b = tkx [ j5 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 5 + 1 ] ; double x5d = tks [ j5 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 5 ] ; double xr5 = x5 c - x5 b ; double xi5 = x5 b + x5d ; double xa5 = x5 c + x5d ; double t1 = xr3 + xr1 + xr5 ; double t2 = data [ i ] + xr2 + xr4 ; double t3 = xi3 + xi1 + xi5 ; double t4 = data [ i + 1 ] + xi2 + xi4 ; double t5 = xr3 - xa5 + xi1 ; double t6 = data [ i ] - xa2 + xi4 ; double t7 = xi3 - xa1 + xr5 ; double t8 = data [ i + 1 ] - xa4 + xr2 ; double t9 = xr3 - xa1 + xi5 ; double t10 = data [ i ] - xa4 + xi2 ; double t11 = xi3 - xa5 + xr1 ; double t12 = data [ i + 1 ] - xa2 + xr4 ; data [ i ] = t1 + t2 ; data [ i + 1 ] = t3 + t4 ; data [ i + rwsize ] = t6 - t5 ; data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] = t8 - t7 ; data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] = t10 + t9 ; data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] = t12 + t11 ; data [ i + rwsize * 3 ] = t2 - t1 ; data [ i + rwsize * 3 + 1 ] = t3 - t4 ; data [ i + rwsize * 4 ] = t6 + t5 ; data [ i + rwsize * 4 + 1 ] = t8 + t7 ; data [ i + rwsize * 5 ] = t10 - t9 ; data [ i + rwsize * 5 + 1 ] = t12 - t11 ; } } static void fast_rec_fft6 ( double * data , int rsize ) { if ( rsize == 1 ) return ; radixreverse ( data , rsize , 6 ) ; datatok ( data , rsize ) ; fast_rec_fft6_aux ( data , rsize , 1 ) ; datatoi( data , rsize ) ; } The above computes a FFT in 70 /( 6lg6 ) nlg(n ) + O( n ) ~ 4.51n lg( n ) + O( n ) floating point operations , nearly as fast as a radix four transformation , and actually faster than a radix two transformation .
Thus any power of three in a transformation size should probably be combined with a power two to make a power of six .
However , the above is not the end of the matter .
We can use the same split - radix trick as was used to improve the radix four case .
A 1/2,1/6,1/6,1/6 split seems to be the best here .
Doing this yields an algorithm : static void record_fft3 ( int * index , int rsize , int offset , int scal ) { int size = rsize / 3 ; if ( rsize == 1 ) { * index = offset ; return ; } record_fft3 ( index , size , offset , scal * 3 ) ; record_fft3 ( index + size , size , offset + scal , scal * 3 ) ; record_fft3 ( index + size * 2 , size , offset + scal * 2 , scal * 3 ) ; } static void record_fft6 ( int * index , int rsize , int offset , int scal ) { int size = rsize / 6 ; if ( rsize & 1 ) { record_fft3 ( index , rsize , offset , scal ) ; return ; } record_fft6 ( index , size * 3 , offset , scal * 2 ) ; record_fft6 ( index + size * 3 , size , offset + scal , scal * 6 ) ; record_fft6 ( index + size * 4 , size , offset + scal * 3 , scal * 6 ) ; record_fft6 ( index + size * 5 , size , offset + scal * 5 , scal * 6 ) ; } typedef struct fft6_data fft6_data ; struct fft6_data { int * counts ; int * swaps ; } ; /* Initialize fft permutation */ static void get_fft_permute ( int rsize , fft6_data * fd ) { int i , j , k ; int start , next , count ; int * temp ; int * counts = malloc ( sizeof ( int ) * rsize ) ; int * swaps = malloc ( sizeof ( int ) * rsize ) ; int * index = malloc ( sizeof ( int ) * rsize ) ; if ( ! counts || ! swaps || ! index ) errx ( 1 , " Out of memory in get_fft_permute
" ) ; record_fft6 ( index , rsize , 0 , 1 ) ; j = 0 ; k = 0 ; for ( start = 1 ; start < rsize ; ) { for ( count = 0 , i = start ; index [ i ] != - 1 ; i = next , count ++) { swaps[ j ] = i ; j++ ; next = index [ i ] ; /*
Set used locations to a flag value so we can ignore them later */ index [ i ] = - 1 ; } counts [ k ] = count ; k++; /*
Find new start , ignore used values , and empty loops */ while ( ( index [ start ] == - 1 ) || ( index [ start ] == start ) ) start ++ ; } counts [ k ] = 0 ; /* Try to shrink memory usage */ temp = realloc ( counts , sizeof ( int ) * ( k + 1 ) ) ; if ( temp ) counts = temp ; fd-> counts = counts ; fd -> swaps = swaps ; free ( index ) ; } /* Invoke saved permutation */ static void invoke_fft_permute ( double * data , fft6_data * fd ) { int i ; int * counts ; int * swaps = fd-> swaps ; int start , old , new ; double br , bi ; for ( counts = fd->counts ; * counts ; counts ++ ) { old = * swaps * 2 ; start = old ; br = data [ old ] ; bi = data [ old + 1 ] ; swaps ++ ; for ( i = 1 ; i < * counts ; i++) { new = * swaps * 2 ; data [ old ] = data [ new ] ; data [ old + 1 ] = data [ new + 1 ] ; swaps ++ ; old = new ; } data [ old ] = br ; data [ old +
1 ] = bi ; } } static void split_rec_fft6_aux ( double * data , int rsize , int scal ) { int ii ; int size = rsize / 6 ; int rwsize = size * 2 ; if ( rsize & 1 ) { if ( rsize == 1 ) return ; fast_rec_fft3_aux ( data , rsize , scal ) ; return ; } split_rec_fft6_aux ( data , size * 3 , scal * 2 ) ; split_rec_fft6_aux( data + rwsize * 3 , size , scal * 6 ) ; split_rec_fft6_aux( data + rwsize * 4 , size , scal * 6 ) ; split_rec_fft6_aux( data + rwsize * 5 , size , scal * 6 ) ; if ( rsize == 6 ) { double xr1 = data [ 6 ] ; double xi1 = data [ 7 ] ; double xa1 = xr1 + xi1 ; double xr3 = data [ 8 ] ; double xi3 = data [ 9 ] ; double xr5 = data [ 10 ] ; double xi5 = data [ 11 ] ; double xa5 = xr5 + xi5 ; double t1 = xr3 + xr1 + xr5 ; double t2 = xi3 + xi1 + xi5 ; double t3 = xr3 - xa5 + xi1 ; double t4 = xr5 - xa1 + xi3 ; double t5 = xr3 - xa1 + xi5 ; double t6 = xi3 - xa5 + xr1 ; data [ 6 ] = data [ 0 ] - t1 ; dat a [ 7 ] = data [ 1 ] - t2 ; data [ 8 ] = data [ 2 ] + t3 ; data [ 9 ] = data [ 3 ] + t4 ; data [ 10 ] = data [ 4 ] - t5 ; data [ 11 ] = data [ 5 ] - t6 ; data [ 0 ] += t1 ; data [ 1 ] += t2 ; dat a [ 2 ] -= t3 ; data [ 3] -= t4 ; data [ 4 ] += t5 ; dat a [ 5 ] += t6 ; return ; } for ( ii = 0 ; ii < size ; ii ++ ) { int i = ii * 2 ; int j1 = ii * scal ; int j3 = ii * 3 * scal ; int j5 = ii * 5 * scal ; double x1 = data [ i + rwsize * 3 ] + data [ i + rwsize *3 + 1 ] ; double x1 c = tkc [ j1 ] * x1 ; double x1 b = tkx [ j1 ] * data [ i + rwsize *3 + 1 ] ; double x1d = tks [ j1 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 3 ] ; double xr1 = x1 c - x1b ; double xi1 = x1 b + x1d ; double xa1 = x1 c + x1d ; double x3 = data [ i + rwsize * 4 ] + data [ i + rwsize * 4 + 1 ] ; double x3 c = tkc [ j3 ] * x3 ; double x3 b = tkx [ j3 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 4 + 1 ] ; double x3d = tks [ j3 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 4 ] ; double xr3 = x3 c - x3 b ; double xi3 = x3 b + x3d ; double x5 = data [ i + rwsize * 5 ] + data [ i + rwsize * 5 + 1 ] ; double x5 c = tkc [ j5 ] * x5 ; double x5 b = tkx [ j5 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 5 + 1 ] ; double x5d = tks [ j5 ] * data [ i + rwsize * 5 ] ; double xr5 = x5 c - x5 b ; double xi5 = x5 b + x5d ; double xa5 = x5 c + x5d ; double t1 = xr3 + xr1 + xr5 ; double t2 = xi3 + xi1 + xi5 ; double t3 = xr3 - xa5 + xi1 ; double t4 = xr5 - xa1 + xi3 ; double t5 = xr3 - xa1 + xi5 ; double t6 = xi3 - xa5 + xr1 ; data [ i + rwsize * 3 ] = data [ i ] - t1 ; data [ i + rwsize * 3 + 1 ] = data [ i + 1 ] - t2 ; data [ i + rwsize * 4 ] = data [ i + rwsize ] + t3 ; data [ i + rwsize * 4 + 1 ] = data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] + t4 ; data [ i + rwsize * 5 ] = data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] - t5 ; data [ i + rwsize * 5 + 1 ] = data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] - t6 ; data [ i ] += t1 ; data [ i + 1 ] += t2 ; data [ i + rwsize ] -= t3 ; data [ i + rwsize + 1 ] -= t4 ; data [ i + rwsize * 2 ] += t5 ; data [ i + rwsize * 2 + 1 ] += t6 ; } } static void split_rec_fft6 ( double * data , int rsize , fft6_data * fd ) { if ( rsize == 1 ) return ; invoke_fft_permute ( data , fd ) ; datatok ( data , rsize ) ; split_rec_fft6_aux ( data , rsize , 1 ) ; datatoi( data , rsize ) ; } Unfortunately , the above requires more storage than the older algorithms .
This is due to the fact that the permutation required is non-trivial .
To reduce its overhead to O ( n ) from O(n lg( n ) ) , O( n ) extra storage is required .
The advantage of the above is speed .
It reduces the operation count to 44/(6*( 1+0.5*lg3 ) ) n lg( n ) + O( n ) ~ 4.09n lg( n ) + O( n ) .
This is only 2 % slower than the standard split - radix algorithm .
Such a difference is smaller than the overhead of cache effects .
( Using power of two strides is particularly bad , and can affect the speed of implementations of the power of two FFT . )
The next step is to use something like the Tangent FFT algorithm to further increase speed .
However , since the twiddle multiplication algorithm is different , and more twiddle factors are required , a simple conversion is not possible .
Another possibility to increase speed on real machines is to convert the recursive algorithm into iteration .
( But maintaining the depth - first scanning of the above algorithm is probably best , due to its cache - oblivious properties . )
Finally , note that some of the operations used above are not required if a convolution is wanted .
Converting back from k - tuples to complex numbers is n't needed as the convolution 's multiplication can be efficiently done in k - tuple form .
In addition , convolutions do n't care about the order of the frequency elements .
Thus the permutation of the array can also be avoided .
These two optimizations save O ( n ) operations .
Can the k - tuple trick be used for other radix FFTs ?
Unfortunately , the answer is no .
In effect , the advantage of the k - tuple system is that it uses particular summation relations between the sixth roots of unity .
Such relations do n't exist for other bases .
However , since three is the second most common factor ( other than two ) , the above tricks can be used quite often in real - world situations .
Lockless
Articles
Non Power of Two Fast Fourier Transform
In preparation for hearings on the government ’s contractors in Afghanistan by the Senate Subcommittee on Contracting Oversight , the majority staff has prepared a memorandum , dated December 16 , 2009 , which gives an overview .
I commend this report to your attention with the caveat “ read it and weep . ”
Not that this information differs in its general contours from the information in scores of similar reports I have read over the past three decades .
In the field of military and foreign - policy - related contracting , only the criminals ’ identities change ( although some do persist ) ; the crimes remain the same .
The general rule in this area of government action is : no misfeasance or malfeasance goes unrewarded .
Please do not take my word for these things ; read the report for yourself .
It ’s available online .
Because it was prepared by the subcommittee staff , you wo n’t have to worry about the kinds of biases that unfriendly commentators such as I might bring to the matter .
The situation is bad enough even when described in the usual bland language beloved by all government flunkies .
Here are the first three items of the summary :
Wasteful Spending on Defense Department Contracts Nears $ 1 Billion .
According to federal auditors , approximately $ 950 million in questioned and unsupported costs has been submitted by Defense Department contractors for work in Afghanistan .
This represents 16 % of the total contract dollars examined .
Afghanistan Contract Spending Exceeds $ 23 Billion .
According the Federal Procurement Data System ( FPDS ) , the United States has spent more than $ 23 billion on contracts performed in Afghanistan since 2002 .
Number of Defense Department Contractors in Afghanistan May Reach 160,000 .
There are currently 104,000 Defense Department contractors currently [ sic ] working in Afghanistan .
The increase in troops may require an additional 56,000 Defense Department contractors , bringing the total number of Defense contractors in Afghanistan to 160,000
The 104,000 military contract workers in Afghanistan as of September 30 , 2009 , compares to approximately 64,000 uniformed U.S. military personnel there at that time .
Thus , the contract workers made up 62 percent of the total force .
With the number of uniformed personnel scheduled to increase by 30,000 during the next six months , and assuming that the contract workforce increases by the projected maximum of 56,000 , the contract workers will make up 63 percent of the total U.S. force in mid-2010 .
The contractors perform a wide variety of tasks for the military , including feeding the troops , doing their laundry , building and maintaining their housing , taking care of warehousing and other logistical needs , administering contracts , making translations , and providing security .
The final two items are especially interesting in that they call our attention to the facts that ( 1 ) the American soldiers―men and women from places such as Sioux City , Newark , and Chattanooga―are somewhat at a loss to understand Pashto and other local languages and hence are completely clueless as to what ’s going on in the country they ’re trying to control ; and that ( 2 ) the U.S. uniformed personnel , armed to the teeth , feel the need for more than 10,000 armed civilian workers to provide security .
The report proceeds under such headings as “ Failure to Apply Lessons Learned from Iraq , ” “ Poor Coordination of Interagency Efforts , ” and “ Continual Personnel Turnover . ”
Its third major section is titled “ Waste , Fraud , Abuse , and Mismanagement Mar Afghanistan Reconstruction and Development . ”
Subheadings include “ Inadequate Contracting and Program Management Practices ” and “ Contractors Overseeing Contractors . ”
I ’m sure you are beginning to get the picture .
I do n’t want to spoil your reading by giving away all the details .
Trust me , however : it ’s a pretty juicy story , even when expressed in dry bureaucratese .
Over the years , I have noticed that such orgies of military waste , fraud , and abuse are always attributed in large measure to mistakes , oversights , inadequately trained personnel , poor planning , and so forth — that is , to incompetence , rather than to criminal intent .
But ask yourself : if these same “ problems ” have infected a contracting system for almost seventy years , can they possibly be honest mistakes ?
These attributes of government contracts are hardly secrets .
They have been spelled out in countless official reports and analyzed by hundreds of academic experts and others .
Why have n’t the problems been fixed ?
The answer is all too obvious : one man ’s waste , fraud , and abuse and another man ’s road to riches .
The military contracting system works in this seemingly atrocious way precisely because that ’s how the powers that be want it to operate .
When the dust settles , hundreds of billions of dollars will have been relocated from the taxpayers ’ pockets to those of the officially contracted pirates who habitually infest these waters , persons associated with firms such as KBR , Fluor , DynCorp , and Xe .
Of course , a portion of the loot returns in various forms to the members of Congress and the executive - branch officials who authorize and purport to oversee the whole predatory apparatus .
In an editorial published Saturday that will run in the magazine ’s Dec. 7 edition , Newsweek editor Jon Meacham argues that former Vice President Dick Cheney would be a good candidate for the presidency in 2012 — and that a run would be “ good for the country . ”
“ I think we should be taking the possibility of a Dick Cheney bid for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012 more seriously , for a run would be good for the Republicans and good for the country , ” Meacham pens .
“ ( The sound you just heard in the background was liberal readers spitting out their lattes . ) ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Why ?
Because Cheney is a man of conviction , has a record on which he can be judged , and whatever the result , there could be no ambiguity about the will of the people , ” Meacham continues .
“ The best way to settle arguments is by having what we used to call full and frank exchanges about the issues , and then voting .
A contest between Dick Cheney and Barack Obama would offer us a bracing referendum on competing visions .
“ One of the problems with governance since the election of Bill Clinton has been the resolute refusal of the opposition party ( the GOP from 1993 to 2001 , the Democrats from 2001 to 2009 , and now the GOP again in the Obama years ) to concede that the president , by virtue of his victory , has a mandate to take the country in a given direction , ” he adds .
“ A Cheney victory would mean that America preferred a vigorous unilateralism to President Obama ’s unapologetic multilateralism , and vice versa . ”
Salon.com ’s Glenn Greenwald , who is a Cheney critic and a vehement opponent to the Bush Administration strategy of employing torture , replied to the piece on Twitter : “ In the dictionary under “ Desperately Trolling for Traffic ” there should be a link to Jon Meacham ’s column urging Cheney to run for President . ”
PlumLine ’s Greg Sargent was more succinct , calling the column “ Drudgebait , ” in reference to conservative maven Matt Drudge .
There was , however , no link to Meacham ’s column on The Drudge Report Monday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Cheney , however , has already thrown cold water on the idea .
At a recent campaign event for Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , the Texas Republican running to replace Gov. Rick Perry , Cheney responded to calls for him to run for president with three simple words : “ Not a chance . ”
At least one political group , led by a prominent former Log Cabin Republican , thinks it should happen .
Despite the former vice - president ’s low approval ratings among the American public , the organizers of Draft Cheney 2012 believe he ’s the right man to take on President Barack Obama in the next election — and , they say , he may be the only person left in the Republican Party who has what it takes to run the country .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The 2012 race for the Republican nomination for President will be about much more then who will be the party ’s standard bearer against Barack Obama , the race is about the heart and soul of the GOP , ” CNN quoted Christopher Barron , the principal organizer of the Draft Cheney movement .
“ There is only one person in our party with the experience , political courage and unwavering commitment to the values that made our party strong – and that person is Dick Cheney . ”
The group has launched a Web site and a Facebook group ( 87 members so far ) , and plans to rally supporters to their cause at Tea Party events and in early primary states like New Hampshire and Iowa , CNN reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
Bill Kristol of the Weekly Standard recently argued for a Cheney run , saying : “ Of course , everyone ’s first choice for president in 2012 is Dick Cheney . ”
Everyone , that is , except Cheney himself .
Gearbox Software has officially announced and detailed the third and " largest " helping of downloadable content for its popular shooter RPG Borderlands , the level cap raisin ' " Secret Armory of General Knoxx . "
Advertisement
Gearbox and 2 K promise " brutal , never - before - seen enemies in a huge new environment complete with tons of brand new missions " as well as " entirely new weapons and items " in The Secret Armory of General Knoxx .
The next Borderlands expansion will , as previously promised , also raise the level limit from 50 to ... a number larger than 50 .
The Secret Armory of General Knoxx appears to be tailored to challenge players " from around level 34 to level 50 " according to Gearbox 's announcement .
Advertisement
The developer did not date or price the expansion , which is due for PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PC .
But it did provide two screen shots !
Here 's the second .
" It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies .
The robber baron 's cruelty may sometimes sleep , his cupidity may at some point be satiated ; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience . "
– C.S. Lewis
Last month both the House and Senate passed two very dissimilar bills with the same purpose – to tax the American people around $ 900 billion more , and intervene government bureaucrats into the private lives of each man , woman , and child .
As I painstakingly laid out in my health care plank last summer , its unintended consequences will worsen the quality of care and affordability of health care .
I believe the TRUE issue at stake is affordability and cost – if an MRI cost $ 200 instead of $ 3,000 , it would be a lot less imperative to suggest drastic changes like socialized medicine .
The TRUE root cause is government - sponsored insurance cartels and quality - depleting , cost - increasing legislation such as the HMO Act of 1973 .
After all , President Nixon was told " all the incentives [ of HMOs ] are toward less medical care , because the less care they give them , the more money they make and all the incentives run the right way . "
I have solutions for lower costs , higher quality , and more features , both in the plank and in this interview on Radio Free Market .
I would introduce tax relief legislation to allow individuals and families to reduce their federal income tax nearly dollar - for - dollar by the amounts they spend out - of - pocket on private health care premiums .
I would seek to remove the insurance state portability barriers that Congress has erected to protect the insurance cartels and raise costs .
I would seek to provide a sound currency to halt rampant price inflation , so health care costs take up a smaller percentage of household income .
I call for the state legislatures to remove state mandates that add 15 - 40 % to Pennsylvania 's health care premiums , and to pursuit tort reform to reduce the costs of defensive medicine .
I would introduce a bill to suspend the obligation of individuals suffering from terminal illness or cancer to continue paying the Social Security tax on their income .
I would introduce a bill to reduce federal income taxes dollar - for - dollar by amounts spent out - of - pocket by parents for their children with terminal illnesses , major disabilities or cancer .
I have pointed out the dangers of state restrictions – via licensing and restricted seats in the medical school system – artificially restricting the supply of doctors just when the baby boomer explosion will need them the most .
Supporters of mine have also sent in great ideas such as Health Care Sharing Ministries that voluntarily pool risk .
I have responded to Democrat Nancy Pelosi 's claim – and the Republican incumbent 's assumptions – that Congress has " essentially unlimited " power over our health care by dispelling the complete myths about the Commerce Clause in the Constitution in " To Nancy Pelosi On Health Care – Are YOU Serious ? "
I have laid out the moral and constitutional position that health care is NOT a right .
I have pointed out that the health care 's bill proposed changes in labor laws will devastate the poor , the very people that the bill is supposedly there to assist .
I have promised that I will only accept the median household income for my salary , and will donate the remainder to local non-profit hospitals .
I have pledged I will not enroll in the elite congressional health care plan , as who can trust someone who legislates on another 's health care but is not subject to the legislation themselves ?
I have presented the American people with the choice they SHOULD have " Guns or Health Care ? " as most people do not understand the insane cost of a military that costs more than the rest of the planet COMBINED .
I have emailed the White House in this letter , protesting that :
" You cannot legislate the poor into freedom by legislating the wealthy out of freedom .
What one person receives without working for , another person must work for without receiving .
The government cannot give to anybody anything that the government does not first steal from somebody else .
When half of the people get the idea that they do not have to work because the other half is going to take care of them , and when the other half gets the idea that it does no good to work because somebody else is going to get what they work for , that my dear friend , is the end of any nation .
You cannot multiply wealth by dividing it . "
– Adrian Rodgers
All of the above , of course , does minimal good as I am not elected yet , but I am doing my best to represent my supporters and defend my campaign 's principles .
However , I want to point out the next line of defense I would pursue once the health care tax is signed into " law " – state nullification .
We must keep in mind at all times that the states created the federal government , and not vice versa .
At the time the Constitution was passed to replace the Articles of Confederation , it was hotly contested that the Constitution would lead to a vast expansion of federal powers and usurping of the peoples ' and states ' rights .
Much of this public debate was held in newspapers , taverns , and town halls for years before the Constitution was ratified in 1787 , and some was later published in " The Federalist Papers . "
Contrary to today 's Gestapo - like Congress , the American people are given very little say to debate with their exalted representatives , which my " Our Open Office " plan will solve .
In fact , we are extremely lucky if the oligarchs even deign to just READ the bills before voting on them , like my incumbent opponent has failed to do .
However , although seldom exercised , the states have the unquestionable right and power to strike down legislation that is unconstitutional by nullifying the act .
Thomas Jefferson , the same fellow who penned " life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness " in the Declaration of Independence , also authored the Kentucky Resolution of 1798 and assisted James Madison with the Virginia Resolution of 1798 .
The text of these are below in their entirety ( about 5 minutes to read each ) , I 've done my best to highlight key points .
For the restoration of the constitutional Republic that has fallen prey to the lawless rogues that walk the halls of Congress ,
So that freedom shall not perish from this earth ,
I faithfully remain yours ,
Jake Towne , the Champion of the Constitution
_______________________________
We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America .
As always , unlike the NFL , the author grants full permission to allow any accounts of , rebroadcasts , retransmissions , repostings of this article to your blog or anywhere else in order to promote the Restoration of our Republic .
Veritas numquam perit .
Veritas odit moras .
Veritas vincit .
Truth never perishes .
Truth hates delay .
Truth conquers .
Tu ne cede malis sed contra audentior ito .
Do not give in to evil but proceed ever more boldly against it .
[ Note – a condensed version of this article has been sent out in a press release , like many of my other articles . ] ( photo )
_______________________________________________________________________
The Virginia Resolution of 1798
The following resolution was adopted by the Virginia Senate on December 24 , 1798 , as a protest against the Alien and Sedition Acts passed by Congress .
It was authored by James Madison , in collaboration with Thomas Jefferson , who authored a set of resolutions for Kentucky .
RESOLVED , That the General Assembly of Virginia , doth unequivocably express a firm resolutionto maintain and defend the Constitution of the United States , and the Constitution of this State , against every aggression either foreign or domestic , and that they will support the government of the United States in all measures warranted by the former .
That this assembly most solemnly declares a warm attachment to the Union of the States , to maintain which it pledges all its powers ; and that for this end , it is their duty to watch over and oppose every infraction of those principles which constitute the only basis of that Union , because a faithful observance of them , can alone secure it 's existence and the public happiness .
That this Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily declare , that it views the powers of the federal government , as resulting from the compact , to which the states are parties ; as limited by the plain sense and intention of the instrument constituting the compact ; as no further valid that they are authorized by the grants enumerated in that compact ; and that in case of a deliberate , palpable , and dangerous exercise of other powers , not granted by the said compact , the states who are parties thereto , have the right , and are in duty bound , to interpose for arresting the progress of the evil , and for maintaining within their respective limits , the authorities , rights and liberties appertaining to them .
That the General Assembly doth also express its deep regret , that a spirit has in sundry instances , been manifested by the federal government , to enlarge its powers by forced constructions of the constitutional charter which defines them ; and that implications have appeared of a design to expound certain general phrases ( which having been copied from the very limited grant of power , in the former articles of confederation were the less liable to be misconstrued ) so as to destroy the meaning and effect , of the particular enumeration which necessarily explains and limits the general phrases ; and so as to consolidate the states by degrees , into one sovereignty , the obvious tendency and inevitable consequence of which would be , to transform the present republican system of the United States , into an absolute , or at best a mixed monarchy .
That the General Assembly doth particularly protest against the palpable and alarming infractions of the Constitution , in the two late cases of the " Alien and Sedition Acts " passed at the last session of Congress ; the first of which exercises a power no where delegated to the federal government , and which by uniting legislative and judicial powers to those of executive , subverts the general principles of free government ; as well as the particular organization , and positive provisions of the federal constitution ; and the other of which acts , exercises in like manner , a power not delegated by the constitution , but on the contrary , expressly and positively forbidden by one of the amendments thereto ; a power , which more than any other , ought to produce universal alarm , because it is levelled against that right of freely examining public characters and measures , and of free communication among the people thereon , which has ever been justly deemed , the only effectual guardian of every other right .
That this state having by its Convention , which ratified the federal Constitution , expressly declared , that among other essential rights , " the Liberty of Conscience and of the Press cannot be cancelled , abridged , restrained , or modified by any authority of the United States , " and from its extreme anxiety to guard these rights from every possible attack of sophistry or ambition , having with other states , recommended an amendment for that purpose , which amendment was , in due time , annexed to the Constitution ; it would mark a reproachable inconsistency , and criminal degeneracy , if an indifference were now shewn , to the most palpable violation of one of the Rights , thus declared and secured ; and to the establishment of a precedent which may be fatal to the other .
That the good people of this commonwealth , having ever felt , and continuing to feel , the most sincere affection for their brethren of the other states ; the truest anxiety for establishing and perpetuating the union of all ; and the most scrupulous fidelity to that constitution , which is the pledge of mutual friendship , and the instrument of mutual happiness ; the General Assembly doth solemnly appeal to the like dispositions of the other states , in confidence that they will concur with this commonwealth in declaring , as it does hereby declare , that the acts aforesaid , are unconstitutional ; and that the necessary and proper measures will be taken by each , for co-operating with this state , in maintaining the Authorities , Rights , and Liberties , referred to the States respectively , or to the people .
That the Governor be desired , to transmit a copy of the foregoing Resolutions to the executive authority of each of the other states , with a request that the same may be communicated to the Legislature thereof ; and that a copy be furnished to each of the Senators and Representatives representing this state in the Congress of the United States .
Agreed to by the Senate , December 24 , 1798 .
_______________________________________________________________________
The Kentucky Resolutions of 1798
The following resolutions were adopted by the Kentucky Legislature on November 10 , 1798 , as a protest against the Alien and Sedition Acts passed by Congress .
They were authored by Thomas Jefferson , but he did not make public the fact until years later .
1. Resolved ,
That the several States composing , the United States of America , are not united on the principle of unlimited submission to their general government ; but that , by a compact under the style and title of a Constitution for the United States , and of amendments thereto , they constituted a general government for special purposes — delegated to that government certain definite powers , reserving , each State to itself , the residuary mass of right to their own self - government ; and that whensoever the general government assumes undelegated powers , its acts are unauthoritative , void , and of no force : that to this compact each State acceded as a State , and is an integral part , its co-States forming , as to itself , the other party : that the government created by this compact was not made the exclusive or final judge of the extent of the powers delegated to itself ; since that would have made its discretion , and not the Constitution , the measure of its powers ; but that , as in all other cases of compact among powers having no common judge , each party has an equal right to judge for itself , as well of infractions as of the mode and measure of redress .
2. Resolved ,
That the Constitution of the United States , having delegated to Congress a power to punish treason , counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States , piracies , and felonies committed on the high seas , and offenses against the law of nations , and no other crimes , whatsoever ; and it being true as a general principle , and one of the amendments to the Constitution having also declared , that " the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , not prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people , " therefore the act of Congress , passed on the 14th day of July , 1798 , and intituled " An Act in addition to the act intituled An Act for the punishment of certain crimes against the United States , " as also the act passed by them on the — day of June , 1798 , intituled " An Act to punish frauds committed on the bank of the United States , " ( and all their other acts which assume to create , define , or punish crimes , other than those so enumerated in the Constitution , ) are altogether void , and of no force ; and that the power to create , define , and punish such other crimes is reserved , and , of right , appertains solely and exclusively to the respective States , each within its own territory .
3. Resolved ,
That it is true as a general principle , and is also expressly declared by one of the amendments to the Constitutions , that " the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , our prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people " ; and that no power over the freedom of religion , freedom of speech , or freedom of the press being delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , all lawful powers respecting the same did of right remain , and were reserved to the States or the people : that thus was manifested their determination to retain to themselves the right of judging how far the licentiousness of speech and of the press may be abridged without lessening their useful freedom , and how far those abuses which cannot be separated from their use should be tolerated , rather than the use be destroyed .
And thus also they guarded against all abridgment by the United States of the freedom of religious opinions and exercises , and retained to themselves the right of protecting the same , as this State , by a law passed on the general demand of its citizens , had already protected them from all human restraint or interference .
And that in addition to this general principle and express declaration , another and more special provision has been made by one of the amendments to the Constitution , which expressly declares , that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof , or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press " : thereby guarding in the same sentence , and under the same words , the freedom of religion , of speech , and of the press : insomuch , that whatever violated either , throws down the sanctuary which covers the others , arid that libels , falsehood , and defamation , equally with heresy and false religion , are withheld from the cognizance of federal tribunals .
That , therefore , the act of Congress of the United States , passed on the 14th day of July , 1798 , intituled " An Act in addition to the act intituled An Act for the punishment of certain crimes against the United States , " which does abridge the freedom of the press , is not law , but is altogether void , and of no force .
4. Resolved ,
That alien friends are under the jurisdiction and protection of the laws of the State wherein they are : that no power over them has been delegated to the United States , nor prohibited to the individual States , distinct from their power over citizens .
And it being true as a general principle , and one of the amendments to the Constitution having also declared , that " the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people , " the act of the Congress of the United States , passed on the — day of July , 1798 , intituled " An Act concerning aliens , " which assumes powers over alien friends , not delegated by the Constitution , is not law , but is altogether void , and of no force .
5. Resolved .
That in addition to the general principle , as well as the express declaration , that powers not delegated are reserved , another and more special provision , inserted in the Constitution from abundant caution , has declared that " the migration or importation of such persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit , shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808 " that this commonwealth does admit the migration of alien friends , described as the subject of the said act concerning aliens : that a provision against prohibiting their migration , is a provision against all acts equivalent thereto , or it would be nugatory : that to remove them when migrated , is equivalent to a prohibition of their migration , and is , therefore , contrary to the said provision of the Constitution , and void .
6. Resolved ,
That the imprisonment of a person under the protection of the laws of this commonwealth , on his failure to obey the simple order of the President to depart out of the United States , as is undertaken by said act intituled " An Act concerning aliens " is contrary to the Constitution , one amendment to which has provided that " no person shalt be deprived of liberty without due progress of law " ; and that another having provided that " in all criminal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the right to public trial by an impartial jury , to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation , to be confronted with the witnesses against him , to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor , and to have the assistance of counsel for his defense ; " the same act , undertaking to authorize the President to remove a person out of the United States , who is under the protection of the law , on his own suspicion , without accusation , without jury , without public trial , without confrontation of the witnesses against him , without heating witnesses in his favor , without defense , without counsel , is contrary to the provision also of the Constitution , is therefore not law , but utterly void , and of no force : that transferring the power of judging any person , who is under the protection of the laws from the courts , to the President of the United States , as is undertaken by the same act concerning aliens , is against the article of the Constitution which provides that " the judicial power of the United States shall be vested in courts , the judges of which shall hold their offices during good behavior " ; and that the said act is void for that reason also .
And it is further to be noted , that this transfer of judiciary power is to that magistrate of the general government who already possesses all the Executive , and a negative on all Legislative powers .
7. Resolved ,
That the construction applied by the General Government ( as is evidenced by sundry of their proceedings ) to those parts of the Constitution of the United States which delegate to Congress a power " to lay and collect taxes , duties , imports , and excises , to pay the debts , and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States , " and " to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution , the powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States , or in any department or officer thereof , " goes to the destruction of all limits prescribed to their powers by the Constitution : that words meant by the instrument to be subsidiary only to the execution of limited powers , ought not to be so construed as themselves to give unlimited powers , nor a part to be so taken as to destroy the whole residue of that instrument : that the proceedings of the General Government under color of these articles , will be a fit and necessary subject of revisal and correction , at a time of greater tranquillity , while those specified in the preceding resolutions call for immediate redress .
[ Aside : Obviously , Jefferson would have flunked contemporary English classes with the length of this below run-on sentence . ]
8th .
Resolved ,
That a committee of conference and correspondence be appointed , who shall have in charge to communicate the preceding resolutions to the Legislatures of the several States : to assure them that this commonwealth continues in the same esteem of their friendship and union which it has manifested from that moment at which a common danger first suggested a common union : that it considers union , for specified national purposes , and particularly to those specified in their late federal compact , to be friendly , to the peace , happiness and prosperity of all the States : that faithful to that compact , according to the plain intent and meaning in which it was understood and acceded to by the several parties , it is sincerely anxious for its preservation : that it does also believe , that to take from the States all the powers of self - government and transfer them to a general and consolidated government , without regard to the special delegations and reservations solemnly agreed to in that compact , is not for the peace , happiness or prosperity of these States ; and that therefore this commonwealth is determined , as it doubts not its co-States are , to submit to undelegated , and consequently unlimited powers in no man , or body of men on earth : that in cases of an abuse of the delegated powers , the members of the general government , being chosen by the people , a change by the people would be the constitutional remedy ; but , where powers are assumed which have not been delegated , a nullification of the act is the rightful remedy : that every State has a natural right in cases not within the compact , ( casus non fœderis ) to nullify of their own authority all assumptions of power by others within their limits : that without this right , they would be under the dominion , absolute and unlimited , of whosoever might exercise this right of judgment for them : that nevertheless , this commonwealth , from motives of regard and respect for its co States , has wished to communicate with them on the subject : that with them alone it is proper to communicate , they alone being parties to the compact , and solely authorized to judge in the last resort of the powers exercised under it , Congress being not a party , but merely the creature of the compact , and subject as to its assumptions of power to the final judgment of those by whom , and for whose use itself and its powers were all created and modified : that if the acts before specified should stand , these conclusions would flow from them ; that the general government may place any act they think proper on the list of crimes and punish it themselves whether enumerated or not enumerated by the constitution as cognizable by them : that they may transfer its cognizance to the President , or any other person , who may himself be the accuser , counsel , judge and jury , whose suspicions may be the evidence , his order the sentence , his officer the executioner , and his breast the sole record of the transaction : that a very numerous and valuable description of the inhabitants of these States being , by this precedent , reduced , as outlaws , to the absolute dominion of one man , and the barrier of the Constitution thus swept away from us all , no ramparts now remains against the passions and the powers of a majority in Congress to protect from a like exportation , or other more grievous punishment , the minority of the same body , the legislatures , judges , governors and counsellors of the States , nor their other peaceable inhabitants , who may venture to reclaim the constitutional rights and liberties of the States and people , or who for other causes , good or bad , may be obnoxious to the views , or marked by the suspicions of the President , or be thought dangerous to his or their election , or other interests , public or personal ; that the friendless alien has indeed been selected as the safest subject of a first experiment ; but the citizen will soon follow , or rather , has already followed , for already has a sedition act marked him as its prey : that these and successive acts of the same character , unless arrested at the threshold , necessarily drive these States into revolution and blood and will furnish new calumnies against republican government , and new pretexts for those who wish it to be believed that man cannot be governed but by a rod of iron : that it would be a dangerous delusion were a confidence in the men of our choice to silence our fears for the safety of our rights : that confidence is everywhere the parent of despotism — free government is founded in jealousy , and not in confidence ; it is jealousy and not confidence which prescribes limited constitutions , to bind down those whom we are obliged to trust with power : that our Constitution has accordingly fixed the limits to which , and no further , our confidence may go ; and let the honest advocate of confidence read the Alien and Sedition acts , and say if the Constitution has not been wise in fixing limits to the government it created , and whether we should be wise in destroying those limits , Let him say what the government is , if it be not a tyranny , which the men of our choice have con erred on our President , and the President of our choice has assented to , and accepted over the friendly stranger to whom the mild spirit of our country and its law have pledged hospitality and protection : that the men of our choice have more respected the bare suspicion of the President , than the solid right of innocence , the claims of justification , the sacred force of truth , and the forms and substance of law and justice .
In questions of powers , then , let no more be heard of confidence in man , but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the Constitution .
That this commonwealth does therefore call on its co-States for an expression of their sentiments on the acts concerning aliens and for the punishment of certain crimes herein before specified , plainly declaring whether these acts are or are not authorized by the federal compact .
And it doubts not that their sense will be so announced as to prove their attachment unaltered to limited government , weather general or particular .
And that the rights and liberties of their co-States will be exposed to no dangers by remaining embarked in a common bottom with their own .
That they will concur with this commonwealth in considering the said acts as so palpably against the Constitution as to amount to an undisguised declaration that that compact is not meant to be the measure of the powers of the General Government , but that it will proceed in the exercise over these States , of all powers whatsoever : that they will view this as seizing the rights of the States , and consolidating them in the hands of the General Government , with a power assumed to bind the States ( not merely as the cases made federal , casus fœderis but ) , in all cases whatsoever , by laws made , not with their consent , but by others against their consent : that this would be to surrender the form of government we have chosen , and live under one deriving its powers from its own will , and not from our authority ; and that the co-States , recurring to their natural right in cases not made federal , will concur in declaring these acts void , and of no force , and will each take measures of its own for providing that neither these acts , nor any others of the General Government not plainly and intentionally authorized by the Constitution , shalt be exercised within their respective territories .
9th .
Resolved ,
That the said committee be authorized to communicate by writing or personal conference , at any times or places whatever , with any person or persons who may be appointed by any one or more co-States to correspond or confer with them ; and that they lay their proceedings before the next session of Assembly .
Bengals receiver Chad Ochocinco is confident that he ’ll not be shut down by Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis on Sunday night .
Ochocinco told Bob Costas of Football Night in America that , if Revis succeeds , Chad will change his name back to what it was before it was Ochocinco .
Actually , it would n’t be so simple .
For the same reason that Chad was n’t able to immediately plaster “ Ochocinco ” on the back of his jersey after legally changing his name in 2008 , Chad will face friction from the folks at Reebok if he tried to bring back “ Johnson . ”
You see , the folks at Reebok have a sizable inventory of jerseys for sale with “ Ochocinco ” on the name plate , and if Johnson decides to switch back , he might have to write a check for the value of the unsold shirts .
Of course , it all might be moot .
Johnson injured a leg during pregame warmups , and he was hobbling on the field .
His availability for the game suddenly is in doubt .
UPDATE : Andrea Kremer of NBC reports that Ochocinco is fine .
UK prison guards unwittingly allowed a convicted drug dealer to grow marijuana in his cell - and even decorate a four - foot plant as a Christmas tree .
Gold - toothed Mohamed Jalloh , 28 , convinced jail staff for at least five months that his super - powerful crop was only tomato plants .
He got so cocky he put festive decorations on one to brighten up his cell at Verne Prison in Portland , Dorset in southern England .
Eventually he was turned in by a jealous inmate , and guards then identified the plants using Google image search .
" You could see the plants from the grounds as his cell looks on to the education department and communal outside area , ” a source told The Sun .
“ They were on show for the world to see . "
Jalloh is serving eight years for supplying Class A drugs .
Originally published as Prisoner allowed to grow dope in cell
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama intends to propose a three - year freeze in spending that accounts for one - sixth of the federal budget — a move meant to quell rising concern over the deficit but whose practical impact will be muted .
To attack the $ 1.4 trillion deficit , the White House will propose limits on discretionary spending unrelated to the military , veterans , homeland security and international affairs , according to senior administration officials .
Also untouched are big entitlement programs such as Social Security and ...
When Steve Jobs said Apple 's new iPad tablet would have 3G data service from AT&T during Wednesday 's press conference , sighs of disgust could be heard from the audience , presumably from disgruntled iPhone customers .
Prior to the unveiling of the 9.7 - inch device Wednesday , a few vague rumors suggested Verizon would carry the tablet .
Instead , Jobs announced two versions of the iPad : a Wi-Fi only model and an unlocked , Wi-Fi + 3G model for use on GSM networks .
The Verizon network operates on the CDMA standard , meaning Verizon wo n't be able to support the iPad .
Why not Verizon ?
Apple must be keenly aware of the incessant AT&T bashing from iPhone owners .
And yet AT&T will be the primary U.S. carrier for the tablet , just as it is for the iPhone .
However , the tablet 's situation is different from the iPhone 's , analysts told Wired.com .
First of all , this is n't a phone .
The iPad is a data - driven , media - rich device that you 'll primarily be using in your living room .
Second , the tablet does not require committing to a contract for 3G .
You can prepay a month ( $ 15 for 250 MB or $ 30 for unlimited ) for when you 're traveling , for example , and then cancel the 3G and just use the Wi-Fi .
But why not Verizon ?
Surely , Apple must have at least thought twice about sticking with AT&T as its official U.S. partner for the iPad.
Dissatisfaction with AT&T did , after all , incite a consumer protest attempting to bring down its network with digital sabotage .
" What is this fatal attraction between Apple and AT&T ? " wondered MKM Partners analyst Tero Kuittinen .
" Pretty much everybody I talked to really expected Verizon . "
Kuittinen said Apple may have stuck with AT&T to retain a cordial relationship , because telecom analysts expect the iPhone 's exclusivity contract with AT&T to end in the next year , which could invite a Verizon iPhone .
" If they 're planning an iPhone Verizon launch maybe they 'll want to throw a bone at AT&T , " he said .
Ross Rubin , an NPD analyst , said it 's unlikely Apple purposely left Verizon out .
The tablet is compatible with new GSM micro SIMs , which supports international carriers , so Apple likely made this decision to simplify its offerings .
AT&T said it plans to continue improving its network to help support Apple 's new device .
AT&T iPad customers will have free access to 20,000 hot spots nationwide , an AT&T spokesman said .
" We have a great relationship with Apple , " an AT&T spokesman said .
" Today we offer the nation 's fastest network and will continue to increase network speeds throughout 2010 and 11 in advance of 4G networks and devices being widely available which further sets us apart from the competition of the mobile broadband leader . "
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Full body scanners remove the need for " pat - down " searches Prime Minister Gordon Brown has given the go - ahead for full body scanners to be introduced at Britain 's airports .
BAA , which runs six UK airports , said it would now install the machines " as soon as is practical " at Heathrow .
Experts have questioned the scanners ' effectiveness at detecting the type of bomb allegedly used on Christmas Day in an attempted plane attack over Detroit .
The US is also introducing tougher checks for air passengers from nations deemed to have links with terrorism .
Speaking on BBC One 's Andrew Marr show , the prime minister said the government would do everything in its power to tighten security and prevent a repeat of the US attack .
Hand luggage checks Nigerian Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who is now in custody , is accused of trying to detonate a bomb on a plane bound for the US .
Mr Brown said travellers would see the " gradual " introduction of the use of full body scanners and hand luggage checks for traces of explosives .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He added transit passengers as well as transfer passengers would undergo these checks .
Currently , not everyone has to pass through full body scanners already introduced at some major airports overseas - particularly if they are in transit from another country - due to concerns about cost and time delays .
A spokesman for BAA said : " It is our view that a combination of technology , intelligences and passenger profiling will help build a more robust defence against the unpredictable and changing nature of the terrorist threat to aviation . "
The spokesman said nothing had been decided yet on exactly which passengers would undergo the full body scans .
And he declined to give specific details about timing or comment on extending the use of scanners to other airports , costs or the potential for passenger delays .
' Strip search '
The government 's move has been largely welcomed by the Liberal Democrats .
But home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne did say the scanners could have been rolled out sooner as they had been kept in storage since being trialled .
Meanwhile in the US , President Barack Obama promised " to act quickly to fix flaws " in the security system , and condemned lapses following the alleged Christmas Day bomb plot against a US plane .
Reports say people flying from Nigeria , Pakistan , Syria , Iran , Sudan , Yemen and Cuba will have pat - down body searches and have carry - on baggage searched .
Electromagnetic waves are beamed onto passengers to create a 3 - D image
The new US security directives will come into effect on Monday .
Philip Baum , editor of Aviation Security International , said scanners were not the only solution and profiling passengers was , in fact , the best way to prevent terrorist acts .
" We 've got to face the fact that you can build a bomb in the duty free shop , after you 've gone through screening .
Bearing that in mind , we need to look at what people 's intent is , not what they are carrying on their person . "
On Friday , Gordon Brown announced he had ordered a review of existing security measures , and advisers are expected to report within days .
The £ 80,000 full body scanners , which produce " naked " images of passengers , remove the need for " pat down " searches .
They work by beaming electromagnetic waves on to passengers while they stand in a booth .
A virtual three - dimensional image is then created from the reflected energy .
Some have voiced concerns about privacy , with campaigners saying they are tantamount to a " strip search " .
The machines are currently being trialled at Manchester airport following tests at Heathrow airport from 2004 to 2008 .
They are also being rolled out across the US , with 40 machines used at 19 airports .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
Trouble in the glen ?
A sika deer stag runs with red deer hinds
Scotland 's wild red deer are changing shape due to breeding with a foreign species , a new study has found .
Researchers previously found Japanese sika deer , brought to the country in the 19th Century , have bred extensively with native deer .
It was unclear then how crossbreeding would affect the species .
Now research by some of the same scientists shows that hybridisation is causing red deer to become smaller and sika deer to become larger .
The scientists warn that a new type of deer may emerge which will have serious implications for the future of both deer species .
The study , published in the Journal of Animal Ecology , was carried out on the Kintyre Peninsula in Scotland by a international team of researchers from Scotland , New Zealand and Australia .
' Mongrel of the glens ' Sika deer ( Cervus nippon ) occur in many of the habitats in Scotland that the native red deer ( Cervus elaphus ) lives .
Although it was already known that sika crossbreed with red deer , it was thought the overall impact on the native species was low .
The ' Mongrel of the Glens ' is a real possibility
Professor Josephine Pemberton
University of Edinburgh
The two species differ greatly in appearance : red deer are larger than sika , usually standing 30 cm taller at the shoulder .
Red deer stags can also grow antlers with 12 points or more but sika antlers rarely exceed eight points .
Despite the fact that sika are smaller in size , the two species can mate giving birth to hybrids that are fertile .
At present hybrids are a rare occurrence , with scientists estimating that between 0.01 to 0.02 % of deer in most areas where the species overlap are hybrids .
However , it has been found that in some areas as many as 40 % of deer are of mixed breed .
Such crossbreeding may permanently alter wild deer on Scotland 's mainland , some researchers fear .
Body weight
The scientists used genetic analyses and measurements of deer anatomy to obtain their results .
The new research reveals for the first time that hybridisation is causing a decrease in weight for red - like hybrid females , and an increase in weight for sika - like female and male deer .
' Red - like ' and ' sika - like ' deer are considered to be red or sika deer respectively , but at some point in their ancestry have crossbred showing traces of hybridisation in their genes .
It is also changing the shape of the jaws of both variants .
It is possible that a new type of deer with new ecological impacts will emerge
Professor Josephine Pemberton
University of Edinburgh Legislation already exists to protect the red deer on many of Scotland 's islands from crossbreeding with sika deer , but mainland red deer remain at risk .
Even though the hybrid deer may not gain any selective advantage from being a crossbreed , hybridisation may continue , researchers warn .
" The new finding is a concern because intermediate - sized animals may not be so choosy who they mate with , leading to further hybridisation , " says Professor Josephine Pemberton from the University of Edinburgh , who 's lab undertook the research .
Prof Pemberton also explains that the change in size may affect the species ' ecology , for example what each eats and when females breed .
" It is possible that a new type of deer with new ecological impacts will emerge , " Prof Pemberton says .
" To date , it has not been clear what the practical effects of hybridisation on Scottish red deer are , " she says .
" Our research fills this gap in knowledge and suggests that ' the mongrel of the glens ' is a real possibility . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DETROIT --
Uh-oh , it happened again .
The Detroit Red Wings squandered a two - goal lead for the third time in four games while letting the Los Angeles Kings storm back for a 3 - 2 victory Saturday night in front of a sellout crowd at Joe Louis Arena .
The loss dropped the Red Wings ( 25 - 18 - 8 ) into ninth place in the Western Conference .
“ We had a good chance to gain a couple points on these guys , and after the first 10 minutes we stopped skating , ” Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said after falling three points behind the Kings .
“ We got outworked .
The whole second period it felt like we spent in our zone .
They carried most of the game . ”
Detroit entered the matchup with a chance to pass the Kings and claim the seventh spot in the standings in the opener of an important four - game stretch in seven days against conference opponents .
“ It 's a good feeling for this young group of guys to come in here and play the Detroit Red Wings and be able to win a significant game at this time of year , ” Kings coach Terry Murray said .
Instead , the Red Wings fell out of playoff position behind the Calgary Flames , despite both teams being tied with 58 points after playing 51 games apiece .
The Flames own the tiebreaker based on more wins .
Up next are crucial contests at home against the Phoenix Coyotes on Tuesday , on the road against the Minnesota Wild on Wednesday and back home to face off against the Nashville Predators on Friday .
The Kings ( 29 - 19 - 3 ) rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit in the first period .
Kings center Brad Richardson 's third - period goal settled the outcome .
He tipped the puck past Red Wings goaltender Jimmy Howard for his seventh goal of the season at the 7:57 mark to complete a two - goal blitz that snapped Detroit 's six - game winning streak against the Kings .
Los Angeles defenseman Peter Harrold 's first goal of the season tied it up at the 6:27 mark of the final period .
Anze Kopitar put the Kings on the scoreboard with his 20th goal of the season less than two minutes into the second period .
He tapped in a shot that deflected over the top of Howard right after defenseman Jonathan Ericsson had turned over the puck in the defensive zone coming out from behind the net .
It ruined a fantastic start for the Red Wings .
Valtteri Filppula scored his fourth goal of the season from a tight angle just to the left of the goal crease , lifting the puck over Los Angeles netminder Jonathan Quick 's shoulder at the 5:29 mark of the first period .
Todd Bertuzzi padded the lead almost two minutes later when teammate Brian Rafalski's slapshot from the high slot deflected off a portion of his 6 - foot - 3 , 225 - pound frame parked in front of the net .
It came just 13 seconds into a 5 - on - 3 power play , producing Bertuzzi 's 15th goal of the season .
“ I definitely think we got off to a real good start , ” Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
Howard , making his 14th start in 15 games , stopped 30 shots .
Quick stopped 31 shots .
E-mail Brian VanOchten at bvanochten@grpress.com and follow him on Twitter at twitter.com /BrianVanOchten
( PEOPLE.com ) --
After an ugly shakeup at NBC over the late - night lineup , Conan O'Brien hosted the " Tonight Show " for the last time Friday .
" We 've a had a lot of fun being here these last seven months , but like everything in life , the fun has to come to an end a decade too early , " the comedian joked during his opening monologue .
" As I set off for exciting new career opportunities , I just want to make one thing clear to everyone listening out there : I will do nudity . "
The red - headed host is getting $ 45 million to leave his late - night hosting gig on NBC so that Jay Leno can return to the 11:35 p.m. slot from prime time , where his ratings had been sagging .
Transcript of Conan O'Brien 's January 22 opening monologue
As for how history will remember the late - night showdown , O'Brien has at least one idea .
" HBO , when you make the movie about this whole NBC late night fiasco , I 'd like to be played by Academy - Award winning actress Tilda Swinton , " he cracked .
Leno's new " Tonight Show " will premiere March 1 , followed by " Late Night with Jimmy Fallon " at 12:35 a.m.
O'Brien is free to sign a contract with another network beginning on September .
1 , NBC said .
Although his opening monologue was light , before wrapping up the show by singing a song with guest Will Ferrell , O'Brien expressed his heartfelt gratitude to his fans and took the high road , thanking NBC for all the years he spent at the company .
" There has been a lot of speculation in the press about what I legally can and can't say about NBC .
To set the record straight , tonight I am allowed to say anything I want .
And what I want to say is this : between my time at " Saturday Night Live , " " The Late Night Show , " and my brief run here on the " Tonight Show , " I have worked with NBC for over 20 years .
Yes , we have our differences right now and yes , we 're going to go our separate ways , but this company has been my home for most of my adult life .
I am enormously proud of the work we have done together , and I want to thank NBC for making it all possible .
" Walking away from the " Tonight Show " is the hardest thing I have ever had to do .
Making this choice has been enormously difficult , " O'Brien continued .
" This is the best job in the world , I absolutely love doing it , and I have the best staff and crew in the history of the medium .
But despite this sense of loss , I really feel this should be a happy moment .
Every comedian dreams of hosting the " Tonight Show " and , for seven months , I got to .
I did it my way , with people I love , and I do not regret a second .
I 've had more good fortune than anyone I know and if our next gig is doing a show in a 7 - 11 parking lot , we 'll find a way to make it fun .
" Finally , I have to say something to our fans .
The massive outpouring of support and passion from so many people has been overwhelming .
The rallies , the signs , all the goofy , outrageous creativity on the Internet , and the fact that people have traveled long distances and camped out all night in the pouring rain to be in our audience , made a sad situation joyous and inspirational .
To all the people watching , I can never thank you enough for your kindness to me and I 'll think about it for the rest of my life . "
Although O'Brien did not end up winning the late - night battle , he remains optimistic about his future , he said , and hopes his fans do the same .
" All I ask of you is one thing : please do n't be cynical .
I hate cynicism -- it 's my least favorite quality and it does n't lead anywhere , " he concluded .
" Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get .
But if you work really hard and you 're kind , amazing things will happen .
by
Codemasters have released a new game for the iPhone that allows you to take the seat of an F1 car and race around official F1 tracks .
The F1 iPhone game brings 17 circuits used in the 2009 season to the iPhone and as it ’s official meaning you get the real team names along with it .
The game costs £ 3.99 to download via the App Store although for some reason there is no championship mode , so there will be no point collecting here .
What you do get is time trial mode and endurance mode allowing you to try beat your best times as well as race for a long time to test consistency while racing .
The game features a system called virtual K.E.R.S which means Kinetic Energy Recovery Systems that aims to help you set the fastest lap by showing racing lines as well as braking lines , corner indications etc … all of which can be switched on or off if needed .
The App is available now for download on the Apple itunes Store or in the app store via your phone .
Via : Gaj - It
Fritz Kreisler had already gained immortality as a violin virtuoso when in 1935 he revealed that he was also a composer — for 30 years he had been performing his own compositions in concert but attributing them to Vivaldi , Couperin , Porpora , and Pugnani .
In the uproar that followed , Kreisler argued that as a young man he ’d had no reputation ; audiences would not have paid to hear the compositions of an unknown violinist .
That was just the point , opined the Philadelphia Record : Fans had bought the pieces , and indeed other violinists had performed them , thinking them the work of established composers .
The Portland Oregonian agreed : “ What if Fritz Kreisler had died without making confession that over a period of thirty years he had been composing music and signing to it the names of half - forgotten composers of former times ?
What if he had left no list of his works ? ”
Which raises an interesting question :
How many such hoaxes have succeeded ?
How many of our great works of art are undiscovered forgeries ?
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
So here 's the thing .
You 're walking down the street in Hypotheticalville and in front of you is a gentleman who , when he walks , spills seemingly endless torrents of golden coins on to the pavement behind him .
He seems unconcerned by this and you notice that if not picked up , these magic coins quickly evaporate .
Is it moral for you to pick a few up ?
It 's the kind of tree - falls - in - the - forest whimsy that an undergraduate philosopher might mull over for a moment , but back in the real world a not entirely dissimilar debate is being played out .
The man arrested in a street in west London is at least the third person to be accused of breaching the law by taking internet service without permission .
The Communications Act 2003 says a " person who ( a ) dishonestly obtains an electronic communications service , and ( b ) does so with intent to avoid payment of a charge applicable to the provision of that service , is guilty of an offence " .
It is a bit like reading your book from the light coming out from someone 's window
Julian Baggini
Philosopher
There are also suggestions using somebody else 's wireless could come under the Computer Misuse Act , usually used to combat hacking and electronic fraud .
But if it can be interpreted as illegal , can it be truly said to be immoral ?
Heavy downloading might affect the unsecured person 's speed of access or download limit , but a use like checking an e-mail is hardly likely to be noticed .
Most " victims " will suffer no loss .
Philosopher Nick Bostrom , director of the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford University , says with technology moving rapidly , socially - accepted moral positions can be slow to solidify .
Warchalking identified open wireless networks for those in the know
" I have n't thought about it .
I 'm not sure anybody has .
It might be one of those areas where cultural norms have n't evolved or stabilised yet .
It 's so new it 's not clear whether it 's stealing or not .
And sometimes the law trails public norms .
" If you steal a silver Mont Blanc pen it 's theft but if it's an ordinary ballpoint pen or a pencil it is assumed you can take it .
" In the olden days people had norms about whether you were able to pick apples from someone else 's tree .
Perhaps it 's OK if the branches hang over the road , but not from inside their garden .
You have generally shared expectations . "
In 2002 Matt Jones , the original designer of the BBC News website , devised " warchalking " with a group of friends .
These chalk symbols on walls and pavements showed those in the know where free wireless internet was .
Freeloaders v borrowers
Among the sternest critics of the concept was Nokia , who months later said : " This is theft , plain and simple . "
But they were worried about users congregating near an open network and slowing it down , as much as by the ethical considerations .
For one person checking an e-mail on a hardly - stretched home connection , the issue might seem different .
Philosopher Julian Baggini says he can't see what all the fuss is about .
" I 'm pro the stealers on this one .
If you are doing it systematically to avoid chipping in your bit you are a freeloader and that 's immoral .
Are they going to prosecute someone who stands outside a bakery warming their hands ?
Barry Fox
Technology writer
" But casual and occasional use while travelling is a bit like reading your book from the light coming out from someone 's window .
It 's like eating someone 's leftovers . "
And he 's happy to practise what he preaches .
" I 've done it and I do n't put a password on my own connection .
For all I know that 's what someone 's doing now .
" But the fact that something is morally acceptable does n't change the fact of its illegality .
The rule of law is an important factor . "
Freeloading is unacceptable , but the whole notion of a crackdown on the theft of something that wo n't be missed shows up an increasingly possessive society .
ISP victims
" We are really obsessed with things being ours or mine .
But there are things that can be shared . "
An internet service provider ( ISP ) might argue it is the victim of wireless theft .
If people could use other people 's wireless , why buy their own ?
The idea of " piggybacking " off somebody else 's system harks back to the dawn of the internet and the phone phreaking - gaining free calls by cracking the systems - that inspired many technology pioneers .
There 's nothing wrong in a little al fresco surfing is there ?
Now , of course , the morality of technology is a matter for mainstream discourse .
Barry Fox , contributing editor for Europe Consumer Electronics Daily , says unsecured networks are getting fewer and fewer , but the real moral issue is why computer firms do n't take more responsibility for their customers ' security .
" When I 'm in London I 'm in a block of flats , I scan and find unsecured networks .
When I first started there were any number of free and unsecured networks , now it 's mainly secured networks because many of the ISPs have made it much easier .
" There is a view that if people are daft enough to throw their signal out for anyone to pick up they deserve what they get .
" On the other hand , the computer manufacturers have never done anything to make things easier for the consumer , unless forced to . "
The risk of one 's computer being hacked or used for malicious purposes is not a fiction , and is the reason that many people insist on securing their wireless connections .
Firework display
But Barry
Fox finds it hard to see how a non-invasive use of someone else 's signal is a serious crime .
" If the person was trying to infect a computer or steal data , that 's one thing .
But are they going to prosecute someone who stands outside a bakery warming their hands ?
It is like watching someone else 's firework display . "
There will be many people who would be outraged to find someone nicking their wireless .
The water cooler ethicists may be split down the middle for some time .
But , as Bostrom notes , more attention will bring debates and eventually an accepted norm .
" Maybe with this arrest somebody will want to write a paper on it , " he says .
Below is a selection of your comments :
If the wireless owner has not asked for nor expects a payment for use of their broadband and you have not broken into the system but have connected through normal means then I cannot see how you have either " dishonestly " obtained a service nor avoided any payment .
Securing your wireless network is clearly recommended in the instructions so I see no reason not to imply that an open network is open for public use .
If you do n't want people to use your connection : do n't broadcast your SSID , secure the connection and / or switch off DHCP .
Gareth , Wetherby
I have not asked , nor do I particularly want to be irradiated by the wireless networks from my neighbours - I can pick up about a dozen .
If it enters my house , I should be able to do with it what I want .
Do n't like it ?
Get wired !
Gerard , Naarden , Holland
Yes - it 's wrong .
warming your hands outside the bakery is not the same as standing outside someone 's house stealing expensive bandwidth .
the bandwidth we pay for is a commodity and as such has an entire value - if someone uses a portion of your bandwidth they are in fact stealing from you .
it does n't take place after you 've finished , it takes place as you 're using the service .
that 's the same as some chap sitting down at your table and eating off your plate as you eat .
are you okay with that ?
Simon , Houston , TX
The rich neighbour found his poor neighbour salivating outside of his kitchen window from the aroma of his food .
The rich neighbour demanded payment for the smell of the food .
The poor neighbour took some coins from his pocket and said : " I 'll pay for the smell of your food with the sound of counting my money " .
Tony , Milwaukee WI USA
I think Ibrahim , Bob and Dominic have the right idea .
I think if you see someone using the internet and they are not able to provide you with a receipt , then we should phone the police safe in the knowledge that they are likely to be a paedophile who is trying to think of a way to steal your television by flooding your house using the water that they stole from your taps .
Andrew , Edinburgh
The attitude that , if you leave your house or car unlocked you should not complain if it is burgled or stolen is depressing .
Theft is theft however the victim behaves and is never their fault .
Similarly using someone else 's connection is theft unless they have made it clear they are willing to share it .
Alan , Bath , UK
Do you know if someone has a limited or unlimited supply ?
No .
It has the potential to be stealing - so is wrong .
Anon , London
I have used my daft neighbours wifi connection in the past , but I took a guess at the router login and managed to get in to the administration part .
I had a look who else had been accessing his wifi and about half the street had been using is because I recognised their names on the connection list .
Glenn Jones , oxford
The " open front door " analogy is correct , but it 's not like stealing the TV - which results in significant loss to the property owner .
It is much more like walking in , taking a look at the pictures on the wall , sitting on the sofa for a few minutes , watching a bit of TV , and then walking out again leaving everything perfectly intact .
I really can't believe that the police would spend a lot of time pursuing people who trespassed in this way as criminals .
I totally agree with the permission argument - if you set up your wireless network without any security you should be deemed to have allowed access to all comers .
Andrew , Berkeley , California
In this case the TV is not being stolen , the real analogy is someone comes in ( enters without breaking ! ) and turns on the TV to watch .
Sure this is annoying , but I am sure the police would only come to remove the person from your house , not prosecute them .
Although if you asked them to leave ( i.e. secured the network ) all but real thieves would leave you alone .
Lee , Leicester
Does it matter if Richard Branson , BT or any other major corporate company does n't get a few more pounds ?
If someone wants to share then fine , if you 're a bit odd and are n't interested , then put a password on it .
Do n't give me the ' I 'm paying , so why should someone else get something out of it ' argument either .
Richard , Nottingham
It 's not remotely like reading your book from the light coming from someone 's window " !
Shows how little he understands of broadband .
What nonsense .
What if you pay to have a water supply piped to your house , and pay a monthly service fee , and perhaps even get metered on your water usage - and then someone secretly taps into your water pipe ?
You 're paying - they are stealing .
That simple .
The assumption of the writer is that the broadband access is un-metered , which may not be the case .
There 's no such thing as ' non- invasive ' use if someone else is paying to get the service provided and you are just freeloading .
Dominic , oxford
Freeloading and proud of it .
I just hope the person downstairs does n't read this .
Bob , Bobsland
" If you steal a silver Mont Blanc pen it 's theft but if it's an ordinary ballpoint pen or a pencil it is assumed you can take it . "
Not where I come from !
Stealing a pencil is just as bad as stealing a silver pen !
John Collins , Warwick
I agree with Adrian 's ' reading over the shoulder ' analogy , I think it is perfectly acceptable to use someone else 's wi-fi .
In response to Ibrahim , it would not matter what the person was doing with your connection , that has no bearing on where the signal came from .
Everyone who has a problem with this should lighten up and learn to share a little more , collective wi-fi provision would be cheaper for everyone anyway , and a lot less socially divisive .
Ciaran , London
When you connect to a wifi access point you ask for permission , and depending on what the access point has been told to do , you are either granted permission or not .
Thus if the access point as been setup to grant permission to everyone , you are entitled to believe you are allowed to use it .
The courts are wrong in this matter and the individuals who setup their access points incorrectly are at fault .
Ignorance or stupidity are no excuse to blame others .
Ian Smith , London , UK
I do n't really see how it can be " stealing " if the person who paid still has all of what they paid for .
In that respect , it 's not like your example of taking an apple from the overhanging branch of a tree .
More like reading someone 's newspaper over their shoulder on the Tube ( maybe that will be next ...? )
" Unauthorised use " maybe , but surely not " stealing " .
Adrian , Manchester , UK
If the ISPs in the UK were n't so money - grabbing , then perhaps people would n't be tempted to poach unsecured wifi .
On continental Europe , free public wifi access is the norm .
There 's none of this " pay £ 6 for an hour " nonsense like in the UK ( Heathrow being a prime culprit ) .
We 've just been on holiday to Switzerland , where the village had at least 3 ( and they were just the ones we found on our first attempt ) free wifi hotspots for public use .
We were able to check our emails and look up train times etc. whenever we wanted to .
Jessica Gooch , Harrow
Have n't the police got more important crimes to resolve ?
What a disgusting waste of taxes !
They 're always bleating they have n't got the manpower to solve real issues ?!
Mike , Cambridge
Lets try a different analogy .
If someone leaves their front door wide open is it wrong to go in a steal the television ?
Bob , London
If you leave your wireless connection unsecured then it is your own fault .
Just as you would n't leave your front door unlocked , neither should you leave your wireless connection open .
In fact cafes and other public spaces leave their wireless open so customers can access it .
So by leaving your wireless open , you are effectively inviting people to use it .
It 's as easy as clicking a few settings on your router to secure your network .
Those who leave their connections open have as little right to complain as somebody who parks their car and then leaves the door wide open .
Ken , Evesham
Is leaving your car running and open inviting someone to take it for a spin ?
Of course not , but what kind of a doughnut would you be for doing it ?
Steve , Cambridge
The biggest problem comes from people using next door 's wireless signal for one 's own - that 's not al fresco surfing , that 's long - term stealing .
As for finding a quick wireless spot for free in a city hotel , that is short term and hence should not be so quickly frowned upon .
Tom , Portsmouth , UK
What if the person who was ' stealing ' your internet connection was involved in illegal activity such as child pornography .... bakery warming the hands ?
this is more like a pickpocket warming in hands in your trousers .
Ibrahim , derby
In a certain far - off country , potatoes are so cheap that no one buys them as they need : they simply have a load delivered every day , and the ones they do n't need they leave out in the street .
what can be the harm in picking them up and taking them home ?
Nick Arrow , Leeds
Infowars
November 17 , 2009
Editor ’s note : A listener to the Alex Jones Show sent the following photos and write - up .
[ efoods ]
A friend of mine who wishes to remain anonymous took these pictures while at the Airshow this year .
I neglected to mention that while on air the other day but the photos certainly speak for themselves .
I gave a write - up from what I remember him telling me about the air show so hopefully this helps a bit .
Every Memorial Day weekend at Jones Beach , Long Island , New York , a yearly air show display is brought to the public .
During this year however , the military with Homeland Security occupied the board walk with soldiers in full battle garb equipped with pouches of ammunition and small arms like you would see in an Afghan or Iraqi village .
In the photos below , can view the rifles in hand alongside magazine pouches equipped with magazine clips .
The rifle is clearly locked and loaded and as you see in the photos , the crowds are within feet of the armed soldiers .
These are the types of photos you would see come out of a narco - terror state or the Soviet Union occupation all throughout Eastern Europe during the latter part of half the 20th century .
What is even more concerning is the very fact one soldier in these photos is equipped with a large 30 caliber machine gun similar to that of a SAW equipped with a small pouch drum and what appears to be ammunition located inside the drum .
Some may argue these soldiers are only there equipped with small arms at an event because this is an annual air show but as of my knowledge , no air show previous to this ever had armed soldiers occupying the boardwalk with weapons you would frequently see within occupied nations such as Iraq or Afghanistan .
Is this part of a psychological operation to get people use to the concept of armed soldiers in public events or is this an operation in itself ?
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
While many critics are rolling out or have rolled out their Top 10 movies of the year or even the decade , I found myself devising my own and realizing that they seem to be more or less similar to others ' .
Where the Wild Things Are , Inglourious Basterds , Up , The Hurt Locker , A Serious Man ...
These are great , great movies that have gotten their dose of attention , thanks to the names behind them .
So what are the ones left in the dust ?
The following movies are all considered 2009 movies by their US theatrical date .
All of them , however , received only limited releases and never went wide .
These are my favorites of the year that , if you have n't heard of them or was never given the chance to see them , I highly recommend hunting down on DVD .
They are absolutely worth it .
• • •
Top Ten :
1. Medicine for Melancholy
Using the Before Sunrise model of a man and a woman exploring attraction in one day of romping through a city , the film 's protagonists ponder what it 's like to be proud black hipsters , in which the indie personality is far removed from their cultural identity .
Professing a deep love for the city of San Francisco , it asks aloud what gentrification does to a neighborhood — and a person .
Though I will never know what it 's like to be black in America , the questions raised here are not so directly limited .
2. Bad Lieutenant : Port of Call New Orleans
Not so much a remake as it is its own beast , Werner Herzog 's madcap cop movie ( madcop ? ) is a vehicle to show what an absorbing presence Nicolas Cage still is .
As the boozing , crack - smoking , iguana - hallucinating Bad Lt. , Cage steps up his game to somewhere he has n't since Adaptation .
Far from just a corrupt cop movie , not enough people seem to realize that it 's meant to be a comedy , and a very entertaining one at that .
Look up the film , but do n't forget your lucky crack pipe .
3. Goodbye Solo
Not wasting any time , from the first frame of the movie , Goodbye Solo tells us its premise and gives us a reason to care : an old white man charters a chatty Senegalese cab driver , who suspects the lonely old man of trying to commit suicide .
The affable cabbie tries his best to befriend the impenetrable passenger , with shaky results .
Contrasting the lives of these two very different people and their reluctant ( on one side , anyway ) friendship , Goodbye Solo is a quiet but intensely powerful story of reaching out .
Despite a bittersweet ending , it remains the most hopeful movie of the year .
4 . In the Loop
Hands down , no contest , undoubtably the funniest movie I saw this year .
It makes every other 2009 comedy ( yes , fellas , even The Hangover ) pale in comparison .
In the Loop presents a satirical look at how a modern - day war like Iraq came to be through the eyes of government employees .
It absolutely destroys the glamor and importance of the politico world by showing them as a bunch of hapless day - to - day office workers stressing out over pieces of paper and arbitrary meetings that may just decide the fate of the world .
More importantly , it has two laughs for every minute of screen time , much of it thanks to Peter Capaldi 's insanely creative use of cuss words .
5. Antichrist
Due to the controversy surrounding the film 's shocking gore , Antichrist may be one of the most talked about movies of the year in film criticism circles , but that drives people away as much as it attracts .
Focusing on the title , explicit sex and brutal violence , one would miss out on the technical perfection , the captivating imageries , the mesmerizing acting and the mind - blowing turbulence this film instills in you .
When the mechanical fox said , " Chaos reigns , " it 's not just a succinct summary of Lars von Trier 's isolated apocalypse — it 's also a challenge .
6 . The Maid
I had no idea what to expect when I walked into the theater .
I left unsure of what I saw , but definitely moved and thrilled by it .
The Maid is an enigmatic yet fascinating character study of an emotionally unbalanced live - in maid who 's stubbornly territorial with other maids even as she collapses from exhaustion .
It 's darkly comical at times and achingly sad in others , with a memorably haggard performance by Catalina Saavedra as the titular maid .
The film has earned a Golden Globe nomination as Best Foreign Film , which will hopefully increase its exposure and interest .
7. Moon
The most impressive feat in independent sci- fi to come in many years , Duncan Jones '
Moon is mostly a phenomenal one - man performance by Sam Rockwell , who plays a lone worker finishing a years - long mission on the moon .
But to label it so would be discounting the impressive miniature effects , the spot - on grime of the set design , and of course , Jones ' own accomplishment as writer - director .
Moon has a story that 's both intellectually and emotionally engaging , making us interested in the mystery of what 's going on , and at the same time connecting with Rockwell 's intense isolation and frustration .
It 's like Beckett in space .
8. Somers Town
Shane Meadows ' latest in his string of outstanding works ( Dead Man 's Shoes , Once Upon a Time in the Midlands ) reunites him with his young
This is England star Thomas Turgoose , who shows a different side in this freewheeling film about the working class neighborhoods of London , seen through the eyes of two teenage boys , one a homeless runaway from out of town and another the son of an alcoholic Polish immigrant .
It evokes warmth and sunny joy in how the two make the most out of their troubled adolescence , even in the dank black - and - white - captured bleakness of their environment .
9 . The Messenger
Following years of sappy , sentimental and politically inert movies about Iraq War soldiers , it was a great surprise to me that this year we got two very good ones .
The Hurt Locker takes the action - suspense option in giving us the restless , consequence - tinged life of a soldier over there ; but The Messenger brings a more tender , closer - to - home approach .
The film follows the lives of Casualty Notification Officers , who have the tough job of informing the families of deceased soldiers .
While those heartbreaking notification scenes show the burden war puts on American families , two remarkable performances by Ben Foster and Woody Harrelson show how it affects the soldiers ' minds , as well .
10 . Two Lovers
After a stint of middling crime dramas like The Yards and We Own the Night , James Gray suddenly strikes a whopping blast to the chest with this old - fashioned romance .
If this is really Joaquin Phoenix 's last film role , he sent his career off on a high note , delivering a remarkable performance of a regressed mind trying to cope with life choices just dangling outside his grasp .
Phoenix plays a grown man still living with his parents after a disastrous engagement made him suicidal .
He eventually falls into a relationship with two women at the same time : one a nice , safe , reliable woman his parents matched him with , the other a kept mistress and drug addict he 's madly in love with .
A mature love story without any of the usual cutesy movie - world pretense .
Just the unrestrained passion , unexpected disappointments and difficult compromise involved in modern relationships .
Five Honorable Mentions :
Humpday
Two straight dudes decide to have sex with each other for the sake of art — a hilarious and candid exploration of sexuality that scrutinizes the barrier between nurturing an open mind and crossing your personal comfort .
World 's Greatest Dad
A wonderfully restrained Robin Williams stars in this thematically sad and darker - than - black comedy about being a father to a disgustingly obscene teenage boy , where the teary declaration of fatherhood begins with , " My son is a douchebag . "
The Limits of Control
Artistic , tricky and full of mystique , this is the breaking down of the crime thriller concept into a series of bizarre unexplained moments and clues , beautifully shot and expertly edited together to form a mesmerizing story — if it even has one .
Adoration
Atom Egoyan 's new film is a mysterious study of human connections and the way technology plays a part in either shaping or blurring those threads that lead us to one another , full of provocative discourse and seductive draw .
A Single Man
Colin Firth gives the performance of the year as a gay man in 1960 's Los Angeles handling the tragic death of his lover , giving a vision of how loneliness manifests in the bomb - shelter era of uncertain fear .
Captain Sheriff Reveals Techniques and Video of Double Sailfish Hookup While In Key Largo , Florida .
By : Captain John Sheriff
End
-- Captain Sheriff , owner of Captain Sheriff 's Fish On Charters in Rhode Island , fishes the Florida keys frequently during the winter months and can charter or set clients one up with a qualified captain for these waters .
The Florida Keys inside and outside reefs are abundant with bait fish in the winter months and this is the ticket for hot Sailfish action .
The favorite bait for Sailfish is ballyhoo and the key to successful sailfish hookups is getting live ballyhoo .
This is done by anchoring up on the outside of a patch reef , just ahead of the reef making sure you are not anchored in the fragile corals .
You will need to check the current and wind to see where you anticipate your chum is going to end up because you would like it to over a large section of the reef where the ballyhoo should be .
The chum can be purchased from your local tackle and bait store which you will put in a open mesh chum bag to be tied to the boat .
In some cases , you may have to move to another reef if ballyhoo does not show up in your chum line after about 20 - 30 minutes .
The most effective way is to catch Ballyhoo is with a cast net .
If you do not have one or know how to effectively throw a cast net , they can also be caught on very small hooks tipped with squid or shrimp using an ultra light spinning tackle .
Once you catch what you feel is adequate , venture out to the edge of the outside reefs in the 60 - 180 foot depth such as the Elbow Reef , French Reef , Alligator Reef and many other outside reef along the Florida Keys .
I prefer utilizing spinning tackle for maximum sport .
7 foot rods with quality bait runner reels holding approximately 300 yards of 25 pound test line .
Hook size is 3/0 to 7/0 depending on the size of the ballyhoo .
A long leader utilizing a Bimini twist is preferred .
Slow troll by bumping the engine in and out of gear or even drift if you think you are on fish .
Outriggers can be utilized as well .
Make sure you set the clip tension very loose .
Keep the bait runner reel in the position that lets line out very freely with little tension .
Sailfish hit the bait with their bill in an attempt to kill the bait , then they come back and eat it .
Any tension or unnatural look or feel will spook them .
When you hookup , hang on , they are going to put on a show and take a lot of line in a very short time .
You will probably need to run then down with the boat so you do not get spooled .
A center console boat is nice because you can go forward and not have to back down on fish .
I have a 25 foot Sea Craft with twin Mercury 200 hp Optimax 's in the Keys .
Attached is a Double Sailfish Hookup I encountered where the first sailfish was caught and released in about 30 minutes , The other sailfish was released after a one hour battle .
We caught and successfully released four Sailfish that day .
After that we caught five Mahi's , two Kingfish and lost 1 Marlin after a few seconds since spooling the reel .
For more info : see us @ http://fishonsheriff.com
# # # Saltwater fishing is a leading sport in Rhode Island with giant bluefish tuna , marlin and swordfish , the prized catches .
Rhode Island is a fisherman ’s paradise and Fish On Charters is the ticket to pursuing this experience .
The past decade has brought about a major shift in income streams for the music business .
Musicians have seen a spectacular rise in income from live performances which contributed to a significant increase in their overall revenue .
The labels on the other hand are struggling , mostly due to the decreased revenue from recorded music .
Much like the movie industry , the major record labels have made a habit of attributing decreasing income from album and single sales to illegal downloading .
Aside from the fact that most research has found no direct link between piracy and a decrease in sales , those who take a better look at how the money streams are divided will find that the musicians themselves are actually better off than a decade ago .
Last month the Times Online published an interesting graph plotting the various revenue figures over the last 5 years , as reported by the UK music industry themselves .
The data clearly shows how the distribution of music industry income has shifted over time .
Music labels earn less from recorded music today than they did five years ago , while artists have seen a huge increase in revenues from live performances .
In part inspired by the Times Online article , Swedish researchers came up with similar calculations for the Swedish music industry , which reached a very similar conclusion .
Since Napster and later Limewire and BitTorrent gained an audience of hundreds of millions of people , less revenue was made from album and single sales .
For the people who actually perform on stage the outcome is entirely different though .
Revenue for musicians actually went up through increased income from live gigs , perhaps thanks to piracy which offers an easy tool to discover new music .
Please note , however , that no causal relationship between illegal filesharing and music revenues has been researched .
Musicians Revenue in Swedish Kroner
What is crystal clear from the data , though , is that the revenue streams within in industry are quickly changing .
This hugely benefits the musicians who now get a much bigger share of the proverbial pie than a decade ago .
Much of this shift can be attributed to the increased income from live performances which nearly doubled to 774 million Swedish Kroner in 2008 .
The income figures for the music industry as a whole are less positive though .
The overall revenue for the music business has remained pretty much the same since 2000 , and that ’s just the raw number without an inflation correction .
The Music Industry Revenue
TorrentFreak contacted Daniel Johansson , researcher at the Royal Institute of Technology , who carried out the research together with his colleague Markus Larsson .
Johansson told us that he ’s not a supporter of theories suggesting that illegal downloading benefits musicians .
“ I can not say anything about how filesharing has influenced the figures , since that is not part of the study , ” Johansson told Torrent Freak .
“ Everyone seems to make the assumption that file sharing is ‘ good ’ for artists because of this , I disagree , ” adding that he cannot back this up with data .
Nevertheless , some have argued that illegal downloading makes it easier to discover new artists , which may indeed boost the number of concert visits , explaining the study ’s findings .
Another explanation could simply be that the tickets for live gigs have doubled since 2000 , while the attendance did n’t increase or decrease .
Whatever the reasons , musicians are doing better now than at the beginning of the decade , despite or in spite of piracy .
Reports are circulating today that Tibetan filmmaker Dhondup Wangchen has been sentenced to six years in prison by the Chinese government for having produced " Leaving Fear Behind , " a film about the plight of Tibetan refugees .
An excerpt from that film , above .
The Chinese government replaced Mr. Wangchen 's attorney with a state - appointed lawyer earlier this year , a move condemned by Human Rights Watch as a " violation of China 's criminal procedure law and its obligations under international human rights law , which guarantee criminal defendants the right to choose their own defense counsel and to meet with their counsel while in detention " .
Before he was removed from the case , Wangchen 's attorney Li Dunyong said his client was tortured during interrogations , and sustained injuries that still caused him to suffer .
Wangchen 's wife , who lives in exile , say he has hepatitis and is that his basic medical needs are not being met in prison .
More : Tibet.net , Phayul .
Background at RSF .
Previously : Tibetan documentary filmmaker faces trial in eastern Tibet for " inciting separatism . "
The 100th competitive Arsenal game at Emirates Stadium might not have been the most memorable encounter , but it showcased one young talent ’s ability to make a difference at key moments .
Arsene Wenger himself has admitted that Aaron Ramsey still looked ‘ a little like a youth player last season ’ but that description does not apply to him any more .
Introduced to replace Emmanuel Eboué against Stoke , he proceeded to pose a significantly more direct attacking threat than the Ivorian on the right side of the attacking triumvirate and capped off an impressive cameo with a fine goal that showcased his undoubted technique .
Whether Ramsey can produce that on a regular basis and against higher quality opposition remains to be seen , but he has certainly improved significantly since last campaign and is becoming a player of increasing importance in Wenger ’s fragile squad .
Ramsey looks set to have another opportunity to express himself in the Champions League trip away to Olympiacos on Wednesday .
Whilst Arsenal have already qualified as group winners , the Greek side still fancy their chances of qualification from Group H and will doubtless be going all out for the win .
Wenger has been quite forthcoming in saying that some of the Carling Cup youngsters will play on Wednesday and it will be interesting to see how they cope away from the comforts of Emirates Stadium .
Fran Mérida was amongst the substitutes yesterday and may have come on in different circumstances , whilst Jack Wilshere is now fully recovered from injury and a sign of his rapid growth was when he was featured on the front page of yesterday ’s matchday programme .
With so many injuries at present ( Djourou , Clichy , van Persie , Gibbs , Bendtner , Diaby , Eduardo , Walcott added to yesterday with Rosicky , Traore , Gallas and Eboué ) , Wenger has little choice but to play the youngsters in Greece for fear of being unable to have sufficient personnel available for next week ’s trip for Anfield .
Carlos Vela should get another opportunity up front and he will be looking to improve on his previous showings .
Traore , meanwhile , if recovered , could also start with no real competition for left - back other than Mikael Silvestre who will only play there in an emergency .
As for youngsters outside the first - team squad , of the 17 young professionals ( excluding those currently out on loan ) , the two players closest to the squad appear to be Craig Eastmond and Sanchez Watt , who could also be involved on Wednesday .
Beyond those two ; Kyle Bartley , Francis Coquelin , Emmanuel Frimpong , Kerrea Gilbert , Mark Randall , Gilles Sunu and James Shea were all called up at least once during the three - game Carling Cup run and Cedric Evina , Luke Freeman , Conor Henderson , Ignasi Miquel and Oguzhan Ozyakup are all still young enough to qualify as scholars .
Project youth may be incessantly annoying at times , but nobody can deny that Arsenal have a hugely talented crop of young talents at their disposal .
I counted the numbers for that group about an hour ago , they were as follows ;
948 members , 396 online , 26 playing MW2
So yeah , very few people on that list actually bought it .
I for one , still wont buy that crap game .
ILLINOIS
Your complete directory of Illinois candidates for Governor , United State Senator and Congress in the current election cycle ... state political parties ... the official state election office ... and state news sources .
" Politics1 is one of the premiere non-partisan political web sites out there .
Besides offering comprehensive coverage of state and federal elections , this site is a kick in the pants ! "
- Chicago Tribune
ELECTION CALENDAR :
Filing Filing Deadline ( Major Parties ) : December 2 , 2019
Filing Deadline ( Third Parties ) : July 20 , 2020
Filing Deadline ( Write - In Candidates ) : September , 2020
Primary : March 17 , 2020 CANDIDATE DIRECTORY LEGEND :
Bold = Active Candidate
Italics = Potential Candidate
* = Incumbent
= Winner
( Incumbent Party Listed First )
This page was last updated on September 30 , 2020
STATE CONSTITUTIONAL
OFFICERS : `
GOVERNOR :
J.B. Pritzker ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Next State Constitutional Officer Elections in 2022 .
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR :
Juliana Stratton ( D ) *
ATTORNEY GENERAL :
Kwame Raoul ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
SECRETARY OF STATE :
[ Jesse White ( D ) * - Retiring in 2022 . ]
STATE COMPTROLLER :
Susana Mendoza ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Chris Lauzen ( R ) - Kane County Board Chair , Ex - State Sen , Accountant & ' 98 Nominee
STATE TREASURER :
Mike Frerichs ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
GENERAL ASSEMBLY :
State House - ( Democratic Caucus - Republican Caucus )
State Senate - ( Democratic Caucus - Republican Caucus )
U.S. SENATOR :
Dick Durbin ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Mark Curran ( R ) - Ex-Lake County Sheriff & Attorney
David Black ( G ) - Attorney , Ex-State Green Party Secretary & Frequent Candidate
Danny Malouf ( L ) - Human Resources Manager
Willie Wilson ( I ) - Businessman , Philanthropist , Democrat & Frequent Candidate
Kevin Keely ( WI ) - Substitute Teacher & Community Activist
Albert Schaal ( WI )
Lowell Seida ( WI ) - Consultant & Frequent Candidate
Tammy Duckworth ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site ) - Next Election in 2022 .
U.S. CONGRESS :
District 1 :
Bobby Rush ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Philanise White ( R ) - Cleaning Service Owner & GOP Activist
Ruth Pellegrini ( I ) - Sign Company Owner
District 2 :
Robin Kelly ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Theresa Raborn ( R ) - Full - Time Parent & Ex-Businesswoman
District 3 :
[ Dan Lipinski ( D ) * - Lost for Re-Election in Primary . ]
Marie Newman ( D ) - Marketing Consultant , Democratic Activist & ' 18 Candidate
Mike Fricilone ( R ) - Will County Board Member & Businessman
District 4 :
Jesus " Chuy " Garcia ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Jesus Solorio Jr. ( R ) - Chicago GOP Vice Chair & Political Consultant
Ruben Sosa ( WI ) - Staffing Agency Recruiter
District 5 :
Mike Quigley ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Tom Hanson ( R ) - Real Estate Broker & ' 08 /'18 Nominee
Tom Wilda ( G ) - Clinical Social Worker & Therapist
Frank Rowder ( WI )
District 6 :
Sean Casten ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Jeanne Ives ( R ) - Ex-State Rep. , Ex -Wheaton City Councilwoman , Army Veteran & ' 18 Gov Candidate
Bill Redpath ( L ) - Ex-Libertarian National Chair , Accountant & Frequent Candidate
District 7 :
Danny K. Davis ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Craig Cameron ( R ) - Telecommunications Project Manager & ' 18 Nominee
Tracy Jennings ( I ) - Ex-Public Service Administrator , Ex- Real Estate Appraiser & Army Veteran
District 8 :
Raja Krishnamoorthi ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Preston Nelson ( L ) - IT Technician , Libertarian Activist & ' 18 Candidate
District 9 :
Jan Schakowsky ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Sargis Sangari ( R ) - Retired Army Officer , Iraq War Veteran & ' 18 Candidate
District 10 :
Brad Schneider ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Val Mukherjee ( R ) - Venture Capitalist
Joe Kopsick ( WI ) - Anarchist & Frequent Candidate
David Rych ( L/WI ) - Bartender , Radio Show Host & Graduate Student
District 11 :
Bill Foster ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Rick Laib ( R ) - Police Officer , Army Veteran & ' 18 St Rep Nominee
Jon Harlson ( L/WI ) - Bartender
District 12 :
Mike Bost ( R ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Ray Lenzi ( D ) - Nonprofit Group Chair & Retired University Vice Chancellor
District 13 :
Rodney Davis ( R ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Betsy Dirksen Londrigan ( D ) - Businesswoman , Ex- Congressional Aide & ' 18 Nominee
District 14 :
Lauren Underwood ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Jim Oberweis ( R ) - State Sen. , Dairy Owner & Frequent Federal Candidate
Joseph Monack ( WI ) - Republican Activist
District 15 :
[ John Shimkus ( R ) * - Retiring in 2020 . ]
Mary Miller ( R ) - Teacher & Farmer
Erika Weaver ( D ) - Mattoon School Board Member & Attorney
Kathleen McManamon ( L ) - Veterinarian
District 16 :
Adam Kinzinger ( R ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Dani Brzozowski ( D ) - La Salle County Democratic Chair & Children 's Activist Center Owner
Roy Jones ( WI ) - Progressive Activist
Branden McCullough ( L/WI ) - College Professor & '06/'08 Candidate
District 17 :
Cheri Bustos ( D ) * - ( Campaign Site )
Esther Joy King ( R ) - Attorney & Army Reserve Officer
District 18 :
Darin LaHood ( R ) *- ( Campaign Site )
George Petrilli ( D ) - Attorney & '07 Springfield Alderman Candidate
STATE POLITICAL PARTIES :
Constitution Party of Illinois ( C )
Democratic Party of Illinois ( D )
Illinois Green Party ( G )
Libertarian Party of Illinois ( L )
Republican Party of Illinois ( R )
Independent ( I )
Write - In ( WI )
STATE ELECTION OFFICE :
State Board of Elections
STATE NEWS SOURCES :
Alton Telegraph
Arlington Heights Daily Herald
Belleville News - Democrat
Benton Evening News
Bloomington Pantagraph
Cambridge Chronicle
Canton Daily Ledger
CapitolFax.com ( Politics )
Carbondale Southern Illinoisan
Carmi Times
Champaign News - Gazette
Chicago Communicator ( African - American )
Chicago Inside
Chicago Sun-Times
Chicago Tribune
Chicago Windy City Times ( LGBT )
Clay County Advocate - Press
Danville Commercial - News
Decatur Herald & Review
Du Quoin Evening Call
Edwardsville Intelligencer
Elgin Courier
Galesburg Register - Mail
Harrisburg Daily Register
Joliet Herald News
Kankakee Daily Journal
Kewanee Star Courier
Lincoln Courier
Mattoon Journal Gazette & Times - Courier
McDonough County Voice
Monmouth Daily Review - Atlas
Naperville Sun
Pekin Daily Times
Peoria Journal Star
Polish News ( Chicago - Polish - American )
Pontiac Daily Leader
Pure - News USA ( African - American )
Quincy Herald - Whig
Rockford Register Star
Sauk Valley Newspapers ( Dixon )
Sparta News - Plaindealer
Springfield State Journal - Register
Streator Times - Press
SuburbanChicagoNews.com
Waukegan News Sun
West Frankfort Daily American
WBBM TV - 2 ( CBS - Chicago )
WBEZ 91.5 FM - Chicago Public Radio
WEEK TV - 25 ( NBC - Peoria ) - ( Election News )
WLS TV - 7 ( ABC - Chicago )
WMAQ TV - 5 ( NBC - Chicago )
Lynchpins hold the various elements of a complex structure together .
America 's intelligence agencies are the lynchpins , used by the International Monetary / Banking Cartel to enforce their various agendas on the US government .
Decades ago , Congress lost control of our intelligence agencies , making a parody of the system of " checks and balances " envisioned by our founding fathers .
Today , the foreign Monetary Cartel controls all three of our branches of government through their ownership of what has never really been " our " intelligence services .
Meanwhile , the Cartel 's mass media deflects our attention away from the unconstitutional and secret powers of the underground intelligence community with petty exposes of how the K Street gang of lobbyists buy off our elected and appointed officials .
Do they really expect us to believe that what is reported on during the light of day exceeds thatwhich transpires during the dark of night ?
The usual tools of enforcement used by intelligence agents on our elected officials and appointed bureaucrats are various , depending on what 's needed : Fixing elections , bribes , blackmail , and assassinations are their usual instruments of forcing compliance from our national leaders .
Subvert a nation 's intelligence services and you 're one step from subverting a nation 's government , something long ago accomplished by the International Monetary / Banking Cartel in America .
The thousands of outrageous and unconstitutional governmental orders , directives , laws , judicial interpretations , and actions taken by our federal government has made America no better than any other Banana Republic in history ; for some time , we 've been ruled by a self - appointed , corrupt and exceedingly small group of private financial oligarchs through their control of intelligence agencies .
And as long as Americans continue to believe they live in a democracy , the longer this foreign Monetary Cartel will have their way with us .
The very first realization the majority of people must have to regain control of their respective nations is coming to know with certainty that the private Monetary / Banking Cartel , not only controls the central banks of the world , they own them .
This ownership allows - probably no more than a few hundred financial capitalists - to create money , of any country , out of the thinest of airs , control all credit , and to then enforce into indebtedness all nations and peoples of the world .
Such edification , however , may prove to be difficult in a world wherein its super - power - the USA - is largely composed of people who believe the Cartel 's US central bank - the Federal Reserve System - is a American federal government institution .
The American government has more control over Federal Express than it does over the Federal Reserve System .
And before the American government can issue its own currency and credit ( without debt ) , she must defang its intelligence community of sixteen bloated intelligence and security agencies , starting with the CIA , FBI , and National Security Agency ; but doing so will not be easy or without danger .
Toward the end of his term as president , John F. Kennedy swore he was going to tear the CIA into a thousands pieces :
He paid the ultimate price for his patriotic intention .
Disempowering US intelligence agencies will not be an easy job , as they have never been more powerful .
And under the cover of the " national security " ruse , intelligence agencies have grown even more influential and authoritative , as they turn us into a rogue nation , intent on destroying all of our liberties at home , while expanding our terrorist attacks on innocent people abroad , complete with the torture of our fellow human beings .
One can only hope that the majority of Americans will stop opting for security over their freedoms .
Ben Franklin wrote , " They who give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . "
But ironically , the so - called " national security " and " consumer protection " measures taken by the US government have made our country more insecure than ever before in our history .
From a plummeting economy , to wide - open borders , to dangerous full - body scanners , to poisonous vaccines , to chemtrails , to GMO foods , to the loss of habeas corpus , to the bombing of women and children , to the depleted uranium poisoning of our own troops ( and the entire world ) , Americans have never been so insecure , all thanks to the ruling moneychangers of our world and their covert use of national intelligence agencies .
Robber barons have thrown us back into the Middle Ages and into a neo- feudalism , all superimposed with poisons , radiation , and a fascistic government , largely in the name of " national security . "
But if we can defang the intelligence agencies , we will have defanged the nemesis of mankind - the alien , archfiends of the International Monetary / Banking Cartel .
Intelligence agencies are their Achilles ' heel - perhaps a small , but a potentially mortal weakness .
J. Speer - Williams
Kathleen Sebelius , the secretary of Health and Human Services , who recently taught Americans the federally - approved way to sneeze this season , was on Capitol Hill on Wednesday .
She was trying to explain widespread delays in the delivery of the H1N1 vaccine across the country .
Basically , of course , she said it was n't the Obama administration 's fault , that as soon as the vaccines come in , they 're being shipped out immediately by the many thousands of doses .
You know how everyone talks about Americans not making things anymore , that so many manufacturing jobs , for instance , have been shipped overseas ?
Well , Sebelius was essentially saying the same goes for flu - vaccine - making .
Four of the world 's five makers are foreign .
And we all think we know what that means .
Members of Congress could have been exploring this subject last winter when their latest automatic pay raises took effect .
Instead , Wednesday they expressed shock and dismay at the situation now that it 's October and thousands are already falling ill with the H1N1 virus ( see photo above , shown somewhat larger than life ) .
Also , Purdue University researchers reported the late deliveries may not matter because by the end of this year 63 % of Americans will be infected anyway .
So , too many doses , too late .
But wait !
There 's more .
This morning comes word from a new ABC News / Washington Post poll that almost four parents out of 10 do not believe the vaccine is safe and have no intention of allowing their children to receive it .
More than 60 % of adults say they have no intention of getting the vaccine either .
Using an open - ended question , the poll also found the overwhelming reason for rejecting the vaccine this year despite federal warnings and mounting concern about the illness ' seriousness was concern about side effects and disbelief in its safety , especially suspicions that it has been inadequately tested .
Other reasons included general ignorance and a belief the illness was probably less serious than the danger of the vaccine .
So much for the persuasive powers of the U.S. federal government .
Think about that for a minute : A whopping majority of Americans ( 62 % ) would rather risk illness than believe in their government 's urgings of necessity and safety .
-- Andrew Malcolm
To ensure that your mind stays healthy , click here for Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
We are also on Facebook if you can move the cursor just a little bit over here .
Photo : Associated Press ( Sebelius demonstrates a federally - approved sneeze . )
Control of the Human Spirit Scientology teaches their members the magickal skill that satanists , witches , most New Agers , and other occult practitioners seek to perfect : the control of the human spirit .
The main reason occultists seek to acquire this skill is to enable them to communicate with the demonic realm — thus learning how to placate them and procure their supernatural " favors . "
This enables people who are proficient in occult arts to act with seemingly no limitations .
Indeed , becoming free of limitations is the goal of magical training . . . including Scientology : Crowley 's Magick in Theory and Practice states : " The whole and sole object of all true magical training is to become free from every kind of limitation ....( cited in Messiah or Madman , p. 48 ) .
" Hubbard says , in a 1952 taped Scientology lecture : ' Our whole activity tends to make an individual completely independent of any limitation ... ' " ( Ibid . ) .
( Quote source : Hubbard 's Magic ) Hubbard 's goal of making " an individual completely independent of any limitation " cannot be accomplished until the Scientologist learns how to access his own spirit and gain control over it .
This demonic skill is dressed up with scientific - sounding words so the unwary will be easily lured into the practice of occult methodology without his being aware of it .
Scientology boasts that they discovered how to isolate and handle the human spirit and that this is a significant contribution to mankind : Probably the greatest discovery of Scientology and its most forceful contribution to the knowledge of mankind has been the isolation , description and handling of the human spirit .
( 1 ) Scientology 's esoteric knowledge of isolating , describing and handling the human spirit is a significant contribution in terms of the New World Order 's spiritual goals for mankind , but they do not deserve credit for this " discovery . "
Actually , the handling of the human spirit is not Scientology 's discovery because this demonic skill has been practiced for thousands of years .
What Scientology has managed to do is to cloak this demonically - inspired activity in the guise of science , thus luring many people to join their movement who otherwise would stay far away .
The lower level Scientologist is never informed that he cannot obtain control of his spiritual body ( 2 ) without the aid of evil spirits .
Scientologists are told that they can gain total control over their own human spirits without any adverse effects :
In Scientology it can be demonstrated that that thing which is the person , the personality , is separable from the body and the mind at will and without causing bodily death or mental derangement .
( 3 ) It is impossible to manipulate one 's own spirit ( which includes communication with the spirit world ) without suffering adverse affects .
Mental anguish , fear , depression , headaches , illness , confusion , nightmares , compulsions toward suicide and more will eventually result when a person acquires the " spiritual technology " that can only be had with the cooperation of demons .
The Church of Scientology falsely instructs their members that they are spirit and as such , should learn how to gain a connection with their spirit and learn how to control it :
It is a matter that each individual must examine for himself .
Scientologists believe man is more than a mind and body and that it is he , himself , the spirit , who can control his mind and body .
( Quote source : Church of Scientology of Michigan ) Scientology lures their members into doing whatever it takes to learn how to access and then control their own spirits so they can consequently gain what they are told are supernatural abilities .
This requires total subjection to the Scientology agenda .
Human beings cannot acquire supernatural abilities that emanate from within themselves , but those who have not read the Bible are not aware of this truth .
The Holy Bible reveals that there are only two sources of supernatural power : God or Satan .
Scientologists are told that they must travel up The Bridge in order to access their supernatural abilities .
What they are not told is that they who have traveled far enough up the Bridge to learn how to perform supernatural feats are utilizing demons .
Notes : 1 . Factors of Assists http://www.scientologyhandbook.org/sh6_1.htm
2 . There is a natural body , and there is a spiritual body .
1 Corinthians 15:44
3. Factors of Assists http://www.scientologyhandbook.org/sh6_1.htm
Must read : http://www.lermanet.com/exit/CST-miscavige-and-satanism.htm
Back to Scientology : New World Order Operation
How Alcohol Prohibition Was Ended by Richard M. Evans
You saved the very foundation of our Government .
No man can tell where we would have gone , or to what we would have fallen , had not this repeal been brought about .
- Letter to the VCL , 1933 This is a story about a small , remarkable group of lawyers who took it upon themselves , as a self - appointed committee , to propel a revolution in a drug policy : the repeal of the 18th Amendment .
In 1927 , nine prominent New York lawyers associated themselves under the intentionally - bland name , " Voluntary Committee of Lawyers , " declaring as their purpose " to preserve the spirit of the Constitution of the United States [ by ] bring[ing ] about the repeal of the so - called Volstead Act and the Eighteenth Ammendment . "
With the modest platform they thus commanded , reinforced by their significant stature in the legal community , they undertook first to draft and promote repeal resolutions for local and state bar asssociations .
Their success culminated with the American Bar Association calling for repeal in 1928 , after scores of city and state bar associations in all regions of the country had spoken unambiguously , in words and ideas cultivated , shaped , and sharpened by the VCL .
As it turned out , this successwas but prelude to their stunnung achievement several years later .
Due in large to the VCL "s extraordinary work , the 18tg Amendment was , in less than a year , surgically struck from the Constitution .
Repeal was a reality .
The patient was well .
People could drink .
Here is how it happened .
Climaxing decades of gathering hostility towards salloons and moral outrage over the general degeneracy said to be flowing from bottles and kegs , the Cocstitution of the United States had been amended , effective 1920 , to progibit the manufacture and sale of " intoxicating liquors . " the Volstead Act , the federal statute implementing the prohibitionamindmint , progibited commerce in beer as well .
At first prohibition was popular among those who had suppored it , and tolerated by the others .
But before long , unmistakable grumbling was heard in the cities .
To meet the uninterrupted demand for alcohol , there sprang up bathtub ginworks and basement stills , tight and discrete illegal supply networks , and speakeasies : secret , illegal bars remembered chiefly today as where , for the first time , women were seen smoking in public .
Commerse in alcohol plunged underground , and soon fell under the control of thugs and gangsters , whose organizations often acquired their merchandise legally in Canada .
Violence aften settled commercial differences - necessarily , it might be said , as suppliers and distributors were denied the services of lawyers , insurance companies , and the civil courts .
On the local level , widesspread disobedience of the progibition laws by otherwise law - abiding citizens produced numerous arrests .
Courts were badly clogged , in large part because nearly all defendents demanded jury trials , confident that a jury of their peers was likely to view their plight sympathetically .
With the growth of well - organized and serious national anti-Prohibition groups like Americans Against the Prohibition Amendment and the Women 's Organization for National Prohibition Reform , popular support for repeal grew geometrically during the thirteen years of Prohibition .
In th midst of the 1932 presidential election campaign , it erupted .
It was summer .
Millions were broken from economic depression , beleaguered by crime and corruption , and thirsty .
As expected , the Republicans nominated the incumbent President , Herbert Hoover , who was pledged to support Prohibition .
The VCL made a stalwart effort to gain a repeal plank in the platform , taking the debate as far as the convention floor , where they were turned away by a preponderance of delegates .
The sitution was much different with the Democrats .
Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York , who led in the delegate count , had carefully avoided taking a position on repeal .
At the convention , a successful floor fight produced a pro-repeal plank - drafted and defended by the VCL - in the Democratic platform , which FDR unambiguously endorsed in his acceptance speech .
" Tjis convention wants repeal , " he declared .
" Your candidate wants repeal . "
During the election campaign , FDR made one unequivocal speech endorsing repeal .
Otherwise , both candidates successfully aboided the issue , despite - or perhaps because of - their having takin opposite positions .
" Politics is the art of changing the subject , " observed Walter Mondale many years later .
When the only thing standing in the way of repeal was the election of FDR , thousnads of " wets " and hundreds of " wet " organizations moved unambiguously behind the Democrat .
The message was clear : Roosevelt meant repeal , and repeal meant Roosevelt .
People wanted both , and Roosevelt triumphed in the election .
The Number of " wets " in Congress grew significantly .
In the nine states , voters passed referenda repealing the state prohibition laws .
This is when th VCL stepped forward and took on the remarkable leadership and responsibility for which they were so uniquelyequipped .
It required no particular insight into the nature of democracy to know that when the weight of public opinion demanded repeal of Prohibition , Prohibition would be repealed .
The question was how .
Certainly , lest the repeal process - like any important undertaking - become mired in political and legal entanglements , a thorough and solid legal plan was essential .
For years , repeal advocates had urged that the repeal question should be resolved by conventions in the states , which is one of two methods prescribed in the Constitution for ratifying amendments .
Problem was , this method had never been used .
Always , the matter of amending the Constitution had been ( and to this day has been ) decided by state legislatures .
But to " wets , " that was out of the question , as state legislatures were notoriousy " dry , " being dominated by rural , fundamentalist interests , passionate in their defense of progibition .
( The " one man , one vote " rule would not become law for another thirty - one years . )
The repeal resolution had to bypass state legislatures and go th popularly - elected conventions , if it were to succeed .
But by whom were such conventions to be called ?
How were delegated to be chosen ?
When and where were they to convene ?
Who would preside ?
By what rules should the convention conduct itself ?
What rights and priveleges would delegates have ?
How were conflicts between state and federal law to be resolved ?
Heavy questions , these and neither Congress nor any state had spoken on the subject .
Enter the VCL .
Conferring with eminent Constitutional scholars , conducting exhaustive legal and historical research , feverishly circulating drafts of statutes , memoranda , briefs , summaries , etc. - the working drawings of legal change - the VCL quickly produced a prototype state statute , which dealt with all of the organizational problims involved in setting up Constitutional camventions in the states .
It was as invulnerable to legal challenge as the best legal - minds could make it .
Called " truly representative , " the conventions were carefully set up to mirror exactly the priferences of voters .
This was accomplished by voters electing delegates pledged for or against repeal , and apportioning delegates based for or against vote .
Thus the convention process became essentially a two - step referendum : voters would speak , and delegates would vote accordingly .
In no way were the conventions to be deliberative bodies .
The pretense of debvate was not to stand in the way of repeal .
Copies of the draft bills were sent to every governor and legislative leader in all the states .
Utilizing their impressive network of affiliate - members throughout the forty - eight states , as well as their expuisite and plucky legal skills , the VCL provided expert witnesses for legislative hearings , submitted thorough legal briefs , defended legalchallenges , answered Constitutional questions - in short , enable states to prepare for the day that Congress would pass a repeal resolution and send it to the states for ratification .
Congress finally loosened the steamroller on February 20 , 1933 , an by December 5 , in thirty - six states ( the necessary three - fourths ) legislation setting up conventions had been enacted , the conventions had been called , delegates had been elected and convened , and repeal resolution had passed !
the final rollcall vote , in Utah , was eagerly monitored by millions over a national radio broadcast .
Nearly all the states that ratified the repeal resolution relied heavily on the prototype statute promulgated by the VCL .
Many enacted it verbatim , others borrowed from it heavily .
Several hours after Utah ratified the 21st Amendment , while millions of Americans were celebrating , the VCL treasurer quietly balanced the books by making a final contribution from his own pocket in the amount of $ 6.66 , and closed them permanently .
Who were they ?
At its peak , the VCL claimed around 3,500 " affiliate " lawyers in all states among its members .
The organization was managed , however , by tight coterie of nine impeccably established " white shoe " lawyers .
For the entire term of its existence , the VCL was chaired by Joseph H. Choate , Jr. , son of Theodore Roosevelt 's ambassador to England , and an eminent Park Avenue lawyer .
The organization 's treasurer was Harrison Tweed , another Harvard / Harvard man , one of the country 's most successful lawyers , and a prime mover in many important civic causes .
Choate and Tweed and seven others , similarily pedigreed , called themselves the Executive Committee , and prudently managed the affaurs of the organization .
They were elite , but by no means elitist .
They solicited affiliates in every state and participation by as many lawyers as possible , using ads placed in lawyers ' magazines .
very inquiry brought a thoughtful and deliberate response , as well as an appeal for financial support .
The executive committee hired an Executive Secretary , Mrs. H.P. Rhoudy , who ran the national office , and visited many state capitals , inlisting local lawyers and political figures in the cause .
Her dispatches back to New York ring of diplomacy at its best .
What motivated these men ?
Their formal corporate charter , adopted in 1927 , declared their grievances : The Eighteenth Amendment and the Volstead Act violate the basic principles of our law and government and encroach upon the powers properly reserved to the States and the people .
The attempt to enforce them has been productive of such evils and abuses as are necessarily incident to violation of those principles , insluding disrespect for laws ; obstruction of the due administration of justice ; corruption of public officials ; abuse of legal process ; resort by the Government to improper and illegal acts int procurement of evidence ; infringement of such constitutional guarantees as immunity from double jeopardy and illegal search and seizure .
Surely , the VCL executive committee were men of sociey where Prohibition was decidely unpopular , but their declared objective was to exise from the Constitution a vexatious and festering sore .
When they achieved that objective , they disbanded .
What are the lessons of their success ?
Certainly , timing , preparation , and the creed of any good lobbyist : that one does n't have to be a politician to make policy .
A more foreboding lesson is that the United States Constitution , upon which we ultimately rely for the preservation of our form of government and our sacred individual liberties , is highly vulnerable to the force public opinion .
If the 18th Amendment can be repealed in a mere 288 days , cannot the First , or the Fifth ?
As the VCL prototype stature was not specific to repeal , the mechanism they helped put in place likely remains on the book in all states that enacted it .
Leaders of the VCL were railroad lawyers .
What railroads paid them handsomely for , they did for the public gratis .
They saw a train coming , and hurriedly secured all the rights and easements necessary if it were to reach its destination , avoiding a morass of debilitating lawsuits and other legal complications .
Had they not made this vital contribution , ratification may well have failed .
Richard M. Evans is an attorney with offices at 56 Main St. , Northampton , Mass .
01060 .
End
Imperva released a study analyzing 32 million passwords exposed in the Rockyou.com breach .
The data provides a unique glimpse into the way that users select passwords and an opportunity to evaluate the true strength of these as a security mechanism .
In the past , password studies have focused mostly on surveys .
Never before has there been such a high volume of real - world passwords to examine .
Key findings of the study include :
The shortness and simplicity of passwords means many users select credentials that will make them susceptible to basic forms of cyber attacks known as “ brute force attacks . ”
Nearly 50 % of users used names , slang words , dictionary words or trivial passwords ( consecutive digits , adjacent keyboard keys , and so on ) .
The most common password is “ 123456 ” .
Recommendations for users and administrators for choosing strong passwords .
“ Everyone needs to understand what the combination of poor passwords means in today ’s world of automated cyber attacks : with only minimal effort , a hacker can gain access to one new account every second — or 1000 accounts every 17 minutes , ” explained Imperva ’s CTO Amichai Shulman .
The report identifies the most commonly used passwords :
1. 123456
2. 12345
3. 123456789
4. Password
5. iloveyou
6. princess
7. rockyou
8. 1234567
9. 12345678
10 . abc123
For enterprises , password insecurity can have serious consequences .
“ Employees using the same passwords on Facebook that they use in the workplace bring the possibility of compromising enterprise systems with insecure passwords , especially if they are using easy to crack passwords like “ 123456 ′ , ” said Shulman .
“ The problem has changed very little over the past 20 years , ” explained Shulman , referring to a 1990 Unix password study that showed a password selection pattern similar to what consumers select today .
“ It ’s time for everyone to take password security seriously ; it ’s an important first step in data security .
The complete report is available here .
| Peter Boettke|
That is the topic of John Stossel 's column this week .
And it is a great question to ask at this historical moment .
My top candidate is Rahm Emanuel .
Though perhaps he would be better as Ellsworth Toohey from The Fountainhead .
Last term I taught a class which compared and contrasted the economic narrative in Dickens 's Hard Times ; Steinbeck 's The Grapes of Wrath ; and Rand 's Atlas Shrugged .
I recommend this exercise to anyone teaching a freshman honors course , or an interdisciplinary seminar to college students .
It is not an exercise in political propaganda , but an invitation to inquiry through literature .
As I tell the students on the first day of the class , we are going to engage in a dialogue about ' facts ' and ' truth ' and then I explain the different mediums --- when it comes to journalism we expect ' facts ' but not necessarily ' truth ' ; from novelists we expect ' truth ' but not ' facts ' ; but from scholars we expect both ' facts ' and ' truth ' .
These three novels allow you to discuss the industrial revolution and the process of economic development , the Great Depression and the problems of inflation and unemployment , and the grand debate between the free market economy versus socialist planning and government ownership .
Along the way , we are led on a tour of the history of economic ideas from Adam Smith to F. A. Hayek , and the history of economic policy from 18th and 19th century England to 20th century US and USSR .
This past term in re-reading Atlas Shrugged , I was impressed again with the way Rand was able to pack so much basic economic reasoning into her story without losing the novel .
Lesser writers who attempt to blend works of fiction with detailed discussions of ideas from non-fiction often lose the story - line in the process .
It takes considerable skill to weave the two in a narrative .
Rand perhaps for the literary critic uses the tool of the ' speech ' too much to accomplish this , but in the context of the times that her novel is set in , imagining such an episode is not that much of a stretch .
Anyway , my favorite chapter on this re-reading is the Aristocracy of Pull .
Anyway , tonight ( Thursday ) at 8:00 pm , John Stossel will discuss Atlas Shrugged and its relevance to understanding today 's policy debates and our lived economic reality .
Tune in , the National Championship game will still be on and in all probability will not be interesting until the second half anyway .
Author and Page information
This page : https://www.globalissues.org/article/3/structural-adjustment-a-major-cause-of-poverty.
To print all information ( e.g. expanded side notes , shows alternative links ) , use the print version : https://www.globalissues.org/print/article/3
Debt is an efficient tool .
It ensures access to other peoples ’ raw materials and infrastructure on the cheapest possible terms .
Dozens of countries must compete for shrinking export markets and can export only a limited range of products because of Northern protectionism and their lack of cash to invest in diversification .
Market saturation ensues , reducing exporters ’ income to a bare minimum while the North enjoys huge savings .
The IMF cannot seem to understand that investing in … [ a ] healthy , well - fed , literate population … is the most intelligent economic choice a country can make .
Susan George , A Fate Worse Than Debt , ( New York : Grove Weidenfeld , 1990 ) , pp. 143 , 187 , 235
Many developing nations are in debt and poverty partly due to the policies of international institutions such as the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and the World Bank .
Their programs have been heavily criticized for many years for resulting in poverty .
In addition , for developing or third world countries , there has been an increased dependency on the richer nations .
This is despite the IMF and World Bank ’s claim that they will reduce poverty .
Following an ideology known as neoliberalism , and spearheaded by these and other institutions known as the Washington Consensus ( for being based in Washington D.C. ) , Structural Adjustment Policies ( SAPs ) have been imposed to ensure debt repayment and economic restructuring .
But the way it has happened has required poor countries to reduce spending on things like health , education and development , while debt repayment and other economic policies have been made the priority .
In effect , the IMF and World Bank have demanded that poor nations lower the standard of living of their people .
A Spiraling Race to the Bottom
As detailed further below , the IMF and World Bank provide financial assistance to countries seeking it , but apply a neoliberal economic ideology or agenda as a precondition to receiving the money .
For example :
They prescribe cutbacks , liberalization of the economy and resource extraction / export - oriented open markets as part of their structural adjustment .
of the economy and resource extraction / export - oriented open markets as part of their structural adjustment .
The role of the state is minimized .
Privatization is encouraged as well as reduced protection of domestic industries .
Other adjustment policies also include currency devaluation , increased interest rates , flexibility of the labor market , and the elimination of subsidies such as food subsidies .
of the labor market , and the elimination of subsidies such as food subsidies .
To be attractive to foreign investors various regulations and standards are reduced or removed .
The impact of these preconditions on poorer countries can be devastating .
Factors such as the following lead to further misery for the developing nations and keep them dependent on developed nations :
Poor countries must export more in order to raise enough money to pay off their debts in a timely manner .
in order to raise enough money to pay off their debts in a timely manner .
Because there are so many nations being asked or forced into the global market place — before they are economically and socially stable and ready — and told to concentrate on similar cash crops and commodities as others , the situation resembles a large - scale price war .
.
Then , the resources from the poorer regions become even cheaper , which favors consumers in the West .
, which favors consumers in the West .
Governments then need to increase exports just to keep their currencies stable ( which may not be sustainable , either ) and earn foreign exchange with which to help pay off debts .
just to keep their currencies stable ( which may not be sustainable , either ) and earn foreign exchange with which to help pay off debts .
Governments therefore must : spend less reduce consumption remove or decrease financial regulations and so on .
Over time then : the value of labor decreases capital flows become more volatile a spiraling race to the bottom then begins , which generates social unrest , which in turn leads to IMF riots and protests around the world
These nations are then told to peg their currencies to the dollar .
But keeping the exchange rate stable is costly due to measures such as increased interest rates .
Investors obviously concerned about their assets and interests can then pull out very easily if things get tough
In the worst cases , capital flight can lead to economic collapse , such as we saw in the Asian / global financial crises of 1997/98/99 , or in Mexico , Brazil , and many other places .
During and after a crisis , the mainstream media and free trade economists lay the blame on emerging markets and their governments ’ restrictive or inefficient policies , crony capitalism , etc. , which is a cruel irony .
When IMF donors keep the exchange rates in their favor , it often means that the poor nations remain poor , or get even poorer .
Even the 1997/98/99 global financial crisis can be partly blamed on structural adjustment and early , overly aggressive deregulation for emerging economies .
.
Even the 1997/98/99 global financial crisis can be partly blamed on structural adjustment and early , overly aggressive deregulation for emerging economies .
Millions of children end up dying each year .
Competition between companies involved in manufacturing in developing countries is often ruthless .
We are seeing what Korten described as a race to the bottom .
With each passing day it becomes more difficult to obtain contracts from one of the mega- retailers without hiring child labor , cheating workers on overtime pay , imposing merciless quotas , and operating unsafe practices .
John Madeley , Big Business Poor Peoples ;
The Impact of Transnational Corporations on the World ’s Poor , ( Zed Books , 1999 ) p. 103
This is one of the backbones to today ’s so - called free trade .
In this form , as a result , it is seen by some as unfair and one - way , or extractionalist .
It also serves to maintain unequal free trade as pointed out by J.W. Smith .
As a result , policies such as Structural Adjustments have , as described by Smith , contributed to the greatest peacetime transfer of wealth from the periphery to the imperial center in history , to which we could add , without much media attention .
Back to top
Maintaining Dependency and Poverty
One of the many things that the powerful nations ( through the IMF , World Bank , etc. ) prescribe is that the developing nation should open up to allow more imports in and export more of their commodities .
However , this is precisely what contributes to poverty and dependency .
[ I ] f a society spends one hundred dollars to manufacture a product within its borders , the money that is used to pay for materials , labor and , other costs moves through the economy as each recipient spends it .
Due to this multiplier effect , a hundred dollars worth of primary production can add several hundred dollars to the Gross National Product ( GNP ) of that country .
If money is spent in another country , circulation of that money is within the exporting country .
This is the reason an industrialized product - exporting / commodity - importing country is wealthy and an undeveloped product - importing / commodity - exporting country is poor .
[ Emphasis Added ]
… Developed countries grow rich by selling capital - intensive ( thus cheap ) products for a high price and buying labor - intensive ( thus expensive ) products for a low price .
This imbalance of trade expands the gap between rich and poor .
The wealthy sell products to be consumed , not tools to produce .
This maintains the monopolization of the tools of production , and assures a continued market for the product .
[ Such control of tools of production is a strategy of a mercantilist process .
That control often requires military might . ]
J.W. Smith , The World ’s Wasted Wealth 2 , ( Institute for Economic Democracy , 1994 ) , pp. 127 , 139 .
As seen above as well , one of the effects of structural adjustment is that developing countries must increase their exports .
Usually commodities and raw materials are exported .
But as Smith noted above , poor countries lose out when they export commodities ( which are cheaper than finished products )
are denied or effectively blocked from industrial capital and real technology transfer , and
import finished products ( which are more expensive due to the added labor to make the product from those commodities and other resources )
This leads to less circulation of money in their own economy and a smaller multiplier effect .
Yet , this is not new .
Historically this has been a partial reason for dependent economies and poor nations .
This was also the role enforced upon former countries under imperial or colonial rule .
Those same third world countries find themselves in a similar situation .
This can also be described as unequal trade :
At first glance it may seem that the growth in development of export goods such as coffee , cotton , sugar , and lumber , would be beneficial to the exporting country , since it brings in revenue .
In fact , it represents a type of exploitation called unequal exchange .
A country that exports raw or unprocessed materials may gain currency for their sale , but they lose it if they import processed goods .
The reason is that processed goods — goods that require additional labor — are more costly .
Thus a country that exports lumber but does not have the capacity to process it must then re-import it in the form of finished lumber products , at a cost that is greater than the price it received for the raw product .
The country that processes the materials gets the added revenue contributed by its laborers .
( Emphasis is original ) Richard Robbins , Global Problems and the Culture of Capitalism , ( Allyn and Bacon , 1999 ) , p. 95 Exporting commodities and resources is seen as favorable to help earn foreign exchange with which to pay off debts and keep currencies stable .
However , partly due to the price war scenario mentioned above , commodity prices have also dropped .
Furthermore , reliance on just a few commodities makes countries even more vulnerable to global market conditions and other political and economic influences .
As Gemini News Service also reports , talking to the World Bank :
More than 50 developing countries depend on three or fewer commodities for over half of their export earnings .
Twenty countries are dependent on commodities for over 90 percent of their total foreign exchange earnings , says the World Bank .
Ken Laidlaw , Market Cure Proposed For Third World ’s Battered Farmers , Gemini News Service , December 4 , 2001 ( Link is to reposted version on this web site )
Almost four years after the above was written , Oxfam reveals that things have not changed for the better : more than 50 per cent of Africa ’s export earnings is derived from a single commodity ; numerous countries are dependent on two commodities for the vast majority of their export earnings ; and there are a number of other countries in Africa heavily dependent on very few commodities .
In addition , as Celine Tan of the Third World Network explains : Falling [ commodity ] prices have meant that large increases in export volume by commodity producers have not translated into greater export revenues , leading to severely declining terms of trade for many commodity producing countries .
When the purchasing power of a country ’s exports declines , a country is unable to purchase imported goods and services necessary for its sustenance , as well as generating income for the implementation of sustainable development programs .
A vast majority of developing countries depend on commodities as a main source of revenue .
Primary commodities account for about half of the export revenues of developing countries and many developing countries continue to rely heavily on one or two primary commodities for the bulk of their export earnings .
Celine Tan , Tackling the Commodity Price Crisis Should Be WSSD ’s Priority , TWN Briefings for WSSD No.14 , Third World Network , August 2002
Tan also highlights in the above article that a fall in commodity prices have [ sic ] also led to a build - up of unsustainable debt .
The lack of greater revenues from exports has knock - on effects , as described further above .
The irony is that structural adjustments were prescribed by the IMF and the World Bank due to debt repayment concerns in the first place .
As debt - relief and trade became major topics of discussion during the G8 Summit 2005 , Yaya Orou - Guidou , an economist from Benin ( a small African country ) , also noted that exporting raw materials and agricultural products would not help fight poverty .
Those raw materials have to be processed in the same poor country to help create a multiplier effect : Orou - Guidou believes Benin will need to start processing the raw materials it produces if it is to escape the poverty trap .
A prime material kept in Africa for processing in our factories is one less thing for Western factories to earn money on , he notes .
But , if we content ourselves with selling our agricultural or mining products in their raw states , they will always feed Western factories which provide jobs for ( the West ’s ) own people .
Ali Idrissou - Toure , Debt Cancellation No Panacea for Benin , Inter Press Service , July 7 , 2005
This concern also applies to larger economies .
The global financial crisis that started in 2008 resulted in Brazil ’s exports to US falling by some 42 % , while it increased with China by 23 % .
However , almost 75 % of Brazil ’s export to the US were industrial products , whereas the opposite — about 25 % — was for China .
Vice president of the Brazilian Foreign Trade Association explained why this is a concern to IPS :
When dealing in commodities , the importer decides and controls the quantity and prices , making an unstable market , in contrast to the situation with manufactured goods .
in contrast to the situation with manufactured goods .
Commodities also generate low - grade jobs , whereas manufacturing employs skilled personnel for higher wages , creates a multiplier effect on employment as the production chain is longer , and expands the domestic market .
These concerns are not new .
Political economist Adam Smith also provided some insights in his 1776 classic , The Wealth of Nations , which is regarded as the Bible of capitalism .
He was highly critical of the mercantilist practices of the wealthy nations , while he recognized the value of local industry and the impact of imported manufactured products on local industries :
Though the encouragement of exportation and the discouragement of importation are the two great engines by which the mercantile system proposes to enrich every country , yet with regard to some particular commodities it seems to follow an opposite plan : to discourage exportation and to encourage importation .
Its ultimate object , however , it pretends , is always the same , to enrich the country by the advantageous balance of trade .
It discourages the exportation of the materials of manufacture , and of the instruments of trade , in order to give our own workmen an advantage , and to enable them to undersell those of other nations in all foreign markets ; and by restraining , in this manner , the exportation of a few commodities of no great price , it proposes to occasion a much greater and more valuable exportation of others .
It encourages the importation of the materials of manufacture in order that our own people may be enabled to work them up more cheaply , and thereby prevent a greater and more valuable importation of the manufactured commodities .
( Emphasis Added ) Adam Smith , Wealth of Nations , Book IV , Chapter VIII , ( Everyman ’s Library , Sixth Printing , 1991 ) , p.577 Reading the above , we can say that structural adjustment policies are also mercantilist .
We are constantly told that we live in a world of global capitalism , and yet we see that while free markets are preached ( in Adam Smith ’s name ) , mercantilism is still practiced !
Of course , today it is a bit more complicated too .
We do have , for example , products being exported from the poorer countries ( albeit some facing high barriers in the rich nations ) .
But exporting rather than first creating and developing local industry and economy , means the developing country loses out in the long run , ( hardly developing ) because there is little multiplier effect of money circulating within the country , as mentioned above .
Furthermore , with labor being paid less than their fair wages in the poorer nations , wealth is still accumulated by — and concentrated in — the richer nations .
The Luckiest Nut In The World is an 8 minute video ( sorry , no transcript available , as far as I know ) , produced by Emily James .
It is a cartoon animation explaining the effects of loans , structural adjustment and cashcrops , and their impacts on poorer countries .
It traces how Senegal was encouraged to grow nuts for export .
In summary , As a poor nation without many resources , it took out loans to help develop the industry .
Other nations saw this was going well , so they followed suit .
The price of nuts started to drop and Senegal faced debt repayment problems .
Structural adjustment policies were put in place , cutting spending and reducing government involvement in the nut industry and elsewhere .
However , things got worse .
At the same time rich countries , such as the US , were subsidizing their own nut ( and other ) industries , allowing them to gain in market share around the world .
Rich countries have tools such as trade tariffs and the threat of sanctions at their disposal to help their industries , if needed .
The luckiest nut in the world
Thus we are in a situation where the rich promote a system of free trade for everyone else to follow , while mercantilism is often practiced for themselves .
Free trade is promoted by the rich and influential as the means for all nations to achieve prosperity and development .
is promoted by the rich and influential as the means for all nations to achieve prosperity and development .
The wealth accumulated by the richer countries in the past is attributed to this policy to strengthen this idea .
That such immense wealth was accumulated not so much from free trade but from the violent and age - old mercantilism or monopoly capitalism is ignored .
trade but from the violent and age - old mercantilism or is ignored .
Such systems are being practiced again today , and even though they are claimed to be Adam - Smith - style free trade , they are the very systems that Adam Smith himself criticized and attacked .
In 1991 Larry Summers , then Chief Economist for the World Bank ( and US Treasury Secretary , in the Clinton Administration , until George Bush and the Republican party came into power ) , had been a strong backer of structural adjustment policies .
He wrote in an internal memo :
Just between you and me , should n’t the World Bank be encouraging more migration of dirty industries to the LDCs [ less developed countries ] ?…
The economic logic behind dumping a load of toxic waste in the lowest wage country is impeccable , and we should face up to that …
Under - populated countries in Africa are vastly under- polluted ; their air quality is probably vastly inefficiently low compared to Los Angeles or Mexico City …
The concern over an agent that causes a one in a million change in the odds of prostate cancer is obviously going to be much higher in a country where people survive to get prostate cancer than in a country where under - five mortality is 200 per thousand .
Lawrence Summers ,
Let them eat pollution , The Economist , February 8 , 1992 .
Quoted from Vandana Shiva , Stolen Harvest , ( South End Press , 2000 ) p.65 ; See also Richard Robbins , Global Problems and the Culture of Capitalism ( Allyn and Bacon , 1999 ) , pp. 233-236 for a detailed look at this .
When looked at in this light , poverty is more than simple economic issues ; it is also an ideological construct .
© Polyp / New Internationalist Back to top
The Welfare State has Helped Today ’s Rich Countries to Develop
The era of globalization can be contrasted with the development path pursued in prior decades , which was generally more inward - looking .
Prior to 1980 , many countries quite deliberately adopted policies that were designed to insulate their economies from the world market in order to give their domestic industries an opportunity to advance to the point where they could be competitive .
The policy of development via import substitution , for example , was often associated with protective tariffs and subsidies for key industries .
Performance requirements on foreign investment were also common .
These measures often required foreign investors to employ native workers in skilled positions , and to purchase inputs from domestic producers , as ways of ensuring technology transfers .
It was also common for developing countries to sharply restrict capital flows .
This was done for a number of purposes : to increase the stability of currencies , to encourage both foreign corporations and citizens holding large amounts of domestic currency to invest within the country , and to use the allocation and price of foreign exchange as part of an industrial or development policy .
Mark Weisbrot , Dean Baker , Egor Kraev and Judy Chen , The Scorecard on Globalization 1980 - 2000 : Twenty Years of Diminished Progress , Center for Economic Policy and Research , July 11 , 2001 As J.W. Smith notes , every rich nation today has developed because in the past their governments took major responsibility to promote economic growth .
There was also a lot of protectionism and intervention in technology transfer .
There was an attempt to provide some sort of equality , education , health , and other services to help enhance the nation .
The industrialized nations have understood that some forms of protection allow capital to remain within the economy , and hence via a multiplier effect , help enhance the economy .
Yet , as seen in the structural adjustment initiatives and other western - imposed policies , the developing nations are effectively being forced to cut back these very same provisions that have helped the developed countries to prosper in the past .
The extent of the devastation caused has led many to ask if development is really the objective of the IMF , World Bank , and their ideological backers .
Focusing on Africa as an example :
The past two decades of World Bank and IMF structural adjustment in Africa have led to greater social and economic deprivation , and an increased dependence of African countries on external loans .
The failure of structural adjustment has been so dramatic that some critics of the World Bank and IMF argue that the policies imposed on African countries were never intended to promote development .
On the contrary , they claim that their intention was to keep these countries economically weak and dependent .
The most industrialized countries in the world have actually developed under conditions opposite to those imposed by the World Bank and IMF on African governments .
The U.S. and the countries of Western Europe accorded a central role to the state in economic activity , and practiced strong protectionism , with subsidies for domestic industries .
Under World Bank and IMF programs , African countries have been forced to cut back or abandon the very provisions which helped rich countries to grow and prosper in the past .
Even more significantly , the policies of the World Bank and IMF have impeded Africa ’s development by undermining Africa ’s health .
Their free market perspective has failed to consider health an integral component of an economic growth and human development strategy .
Instead , the policies of these institutions have caused a deterioration in health and in health care services across the African continent .
Ann -Louise Colgan , Hazardous to Health : The World Bank and IMF in Africa , Africa Action , April 18 , 2002 While the phrase Welfare State often conjures up negative images , with regards to globalization , most European countries feel that protecting their people when developing helps society as well as the economy .
It may be that for real free trade to be effective countries with similar strength economies can reduce such protective measures when trading with one another .
However , for developing countries to try to compete in the global market place at the same level as the more established and industrialized nations — and before their own foundations and institutions are stable enough — is almost economic suicide .
An example of this can be seen with the global economic crisis of 1997/98/99 that affected Asia in particular .
A UN report looking into this suggested that such nations should rely on domestic roots for growth , diversifying exports and deepening social safety nets .
For more about this economic crisis and this UN report , go to this web site ’s section on debt and the economic crisis .
The type of trade is important .
As the UN report also suggested , diversification is important .
Just as biodiversity is important to ensure resilience to whatever nature can throw at a given ecosystem , diverse economies can help countries weather economic storms .
Matthew Lockwood is worth quoting in regards to Africa : What Africa needs is to shake off its dependence on primary commodity exports , a problem underlying not only its marginalization from world trade but also its chronic debt problems .
Many countries rely today on as narrow a range of agricultural and mineral products as they did 30 years ago , and suffer the consequences of inexorably declining export earnings .
Again , the campaigners ’ remedy — to improve market access for African exports to Europe and America — is wide of the mark .
Matthew Lockwood ,
We must breed tigers in Africa , The Guardian , June 24 , 2005 Asia too has seen development where policies counter to neoliberalism have been followed , as Lockwood also notes .
To see more about the relationship of protectionism with free trade , check out this site ’s section on Free Trade , which also discusses protectionism and its pros and cons .
Structural Adjustment in Rich Countries
As the global financial crisis which started in the West around 2008 has taken hold , many rich nations themselves are facing economic problems .
Perhaps surprisingly many have prescribed to themselves structural adjustment and austerity programs .
Some have been pressured onto them by others .
For example , in Europe , Germany is influential in requiring austerity measures if countries want bailouts from Germany or the European Union .
For more about the austerity measures being put in , and how some of it seems ideologically based in fact of evidence that it is not working — or even making the economy worse — see this site ’s section on the global financial crisis .
Back to top
The Asian Development Bank Like the IMF and World Bank , the Asian Development Bank ( ADB ) has also fallen under much criticism for its policies , which also require structural adjustments for loans .
Through its policies it encourages export - driven , capital and resource - intensive development , just like the other international financial institutions .
The largest financing and influence of the bank comes from Japan and the United States .
As summarized from chapter 2 of The Transfer of Wealth ; Debt and the making of a Global South :
The escalating dependence of developing countries in the [ Asia ] region on debt - financed development has a number of negative consequences .
These include : the neglect of domestic savings as a source of development finance ; cuts in government expenditure for basic social services and basic infrastructure in order to meet debt servicing requirements ; an escalation of export - oriented resource extraction to generate hard currency receipts for debt servicing ; a reorientation of agricultural production from meeting local needs to production for export in highly skewed regional and global markets ; increased dependence on imported , capital intensive technologies as a consequence of tied procurement and project design processes led by foreign consulting companies ; increased dependence on and influence of international financial institutions such as the ADB and the World Bank , particularly through the imposition of debt - induced structural adjustment programs and policy based lending .
Also , as with the IMF and World bank , and mentioned in the above link , governments are using the rubric of poverty reduction to channel taxpayer funds to their private sector companies via the ADB .
This is occurring with little or no pubic scrutiny although government representatives will , if necessary , appeal to commercial self - interest to justify continued contributions to the ADB and other multilateral development banks .
As with the IMF for example , loans by the IMF are guaranteed by the creditor country .
In essence then , tax payers from the lending countries will bail out the IMF and ADB if there are problems in their policies .
( For more details , statistics etc. , the above link is a good starting place . )
The ADB has mentioned its desires to promote good governance .
However , Aziz Choudry is highly critical in terms of whom this governance would actually be good for :
It has nothing to do with democratization , humanitarianism or support for peoples ’ rights .
It is a euphemism for a limited state designed to service the market and undermine popular mandates .
The term is explicitly linked to the kinds of structural adjustment measures promoted by the ADB — measures for which there is little popular support and which are rapidly increasing economic inequalities .
Aziz Choudry , The Asian Development Bank — Governing the Pacific ? , June 6 , 2002 Back to top
Structural adjustment policies have therefore had far - reaching consequences around the world .
Yet , this is just one of the mechanisms whereby inequality and poverty has been structured into laws and institutions on a global scale .
Our firm has helped thousands of injured people obtain and maximize financial compensation for their injuries .
Our record includes several trial verdicts and settlements in excess of $ 1 million and numerous other successful cases .
Regardless of the potential size of the case , we are committed to maximizing your compensation .
Bender & Gritz , APLC is conveniently located in downtown San Diego .
We handle injury cases throughout California as well as selected cases in Arizona and Nevada .
What is Santarchy ??
Santarchy is a global phenomenon that we are now bringing to Columbus courtesy of our friend Peter in San Fransisco .
Santarchy is simply a fun social event .
There is no point , no statement , no protest , no organization , nothing that the jolly old man himself would not do ... bringing christmas cheer .
Hope to you see you there !!!
The clay enhances the hydrogel because the polymer used to bind the water into a gel simultaneously adheres to the clay , the water , and other polymer chains .
By grabbing all the elements , the polymer forms a rigid scaffolding that supports the other molecules , and creates solid material .
Plus , because the material is mostly water and clay , with only a little bit of polymer , the material has none of the toxic qualities of plastic .
30 September 2020 — Craig Murray
Tuesday has been another day on which the testimony focused on the extreme inhumane conditions in which Julian Assange would be kept imprisoned in the USA if extradited .
The prosecution ’s continued tactic of extraordinary aggression towards witnesses who are patently well informed played less well , and there were distinct signs that Judge Baraitser was becoming irritated by this approach .
The totality of defence witnesses and the sheer extent of mutual corroboration they provided could not simply be dismissed by the prosecution attempting to characterise all of them as uninformed on a particular detail , still less as all acting in bad faith .
To portray one witness as weak may appear justified if they can be shaken , but to attack a succession of patently well qualified witnesses , on no basis but aggression and unreasoning hostility , becomes quickly unconvincing .
Continue reading →
Everyone needs a little humour in their hectic lives and more often than before , advertisers try to inject some fun into their advertisements .
Injecting humour into their advertisements does not necessarily mean that the ads are better than others .
However , the smart play on words and careful consideration of the ad ’s objectives , target audience and market standards , humour can help the advertisement increase effectiveness and widen its receptiveness .
When using humour as a creative strategy , advertising firms agree that it increase audience attention , at least on the first few exposures to this form of persuasive communication .
However , we cannot deny the fact that audiences ’ patience has shrunk and their attention span is shorter as compared to the past .
Good design communicates meaning .
Good design communicates effectively .
Good design communicates in a way that words simply cannot .
Good design INTRIGUES .
A good print ad should not be too complex but easily interpreted and understood by its target audience .
If you want more humorous advertisements , please check out 40 Creative and Funny Advertisements Using Animals !
60 Creative and Humorous Print Ads
We ’ve put together 60 creative and humorous advertisements and hope you enjoy it as much as we did and help you get those creative juices flowing !
Can you comprehend and read into their meanings at first glance ?
Airtel
Chase Ancap
The Couple Diadermine Wrinkles Expert
Autofocus Olympus
Baygon
Bose Headphones
Waterfall Bose Headphone
Affair Che Magazine
Chupa Chups
Spanjaard
Birth Comedy Central
Duende Azul Costumes
Sea Omax Lenses
DHL
Egis Pharma Betardine
Guard Dog Pedigree
Sock Ephydrol
First Ontario
Squirrel Fiat Panda 4×4
FootaSep
Slept Hansaplast Earplugs
21st Century Healthcare Repella Insect Repeller
Snowboard Head
Tiger Kodak Rechargeable
Mouse Trap Kraft
Bracelet Lamisil
Pastor Listermint
Flashlight Maglite
Melody Homes “ Emirates Land ”
Motorola Ming8 GPS
Visine
Nikon S60
Chicken Nissan
One Life
Flower Pedigree
Perrier
LifeGuard Pepsi
Truck Pepsi Light
3M Photo Paper
Jade Post - It
Balloon Pringles
Playstation
Legambiente
Pool Purina Puppy Chow
Riffel
Bubbles Sargam
Stockholms Hundforum ( Wanking Dog )
MTVSwitch
Lifebuoy
World Wildlife Fund
Carl Zeiss Lenses
The Seafood International Market and Restaurant
ESPN
Panadol Menstrual
Lego
Fab Perfect
Aware Helpline
Alcohol Office of Road Safety
Durex “ O ”
Philips V900
More Funny and Creative Ads
Here are more amazing and great advertisements around the world .
Please enjoy them !
Which Advertisement is Your Favourite ?
Online or not , advertisements have to catch your attention within the first few seconds or they are considered to have failed .
Creative directors and advertising agencies have to brain storm for ideas , as well as to do countless of research and plan the design and concept of the ads .
However , this is a necessary process because it is the foundation for the success of the ads .
What do you think is the most important aspect in the use of humour in advertisements ?
Have you seen any great advertisements you ’d like to share with us ?
How about voting for your favourite ad ?
Feel free to flood us with your comments !
WASHINGTON — Congress and the White House have signaled that they envision sharply different futures for NASA and its manned space mission .
At an aerospace luncheon , NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden said President Barack Obama wants the agency to embrace “ more international cooperation ” after the space - shuttle era ends in 2010 and hinted that its Constellation moon - rocket program could see major changes .
“ We are going to be fighting and fussing over the coming year , ” Bolden told an audience of aerospace executives and lobbyists Wednesday .
“ Some of you are not going to like me , because we are not going to do the same kind of things we ’ve always done . ”
But hours earlier , congressional appropriators reached a different conclusion , approving legislative language declaring that any change to Constellation , which aims to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 but is running well behind schedule , must first get the approval of Congress .
That language , inserted by U.S. Sen.
Richard Shelby , R - Ala. , should pass this month as part of a nearly $ 450 billion omnibus appropriations bill .
It would require NASA to spend nearly $ 4 billion on the program this fiscal year , effectively tying Obama ’s hands as he attempts to forge a new NASA policy that is likely to cancel Constellation ’s Ares I rocket .
According to industry sources , U.S. Rep. Alan Mollohan , D - W.Va. , also signed off on the language , at the urging of U.S. Reps .
Bart Gordon , D - Tenn. , and Gabrielle Giffords , D - Ariz .
Mollohan heads the appropriations subcommittee that handles NASA , while Gordon and Giffords have oversight responsibility for the agency .
“ They are at an impasse , ” said space historian Roger Launius of the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum .
“ And unless the White House levels enough pressure , Congress could prevail . ”
A checkmate is exactly what Shelby wants , as the veteran lawmaker has been a ceaseless protector of NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center in Alabama and its thousands of Constellation - related jobs .
A lengthy deadlock , however , would only add to uncertainty after the final flight of the shuttle .
As it stands , the U.S. must rely on Russia to ferry its astronauts to the International Space Station for most of the next decade .
Further delay could extend that reliance even longer .
Meanwhile , Kennedy Space Center , responsible for launching crewed NASA rockets , would lose thousands of jobs that might never come back .
“ The president is committed to the continued success of the nation ’s space program and will continue to work with Congress toward that goal , ” White House spokeswoman Gannet Tseggai said .
Aerospace - industry officials with close ties to the administration say Obama intends to press ahead with his plans .
A decision , they say , could be made by as early as next week , although it might not be announced until later this month .
According to insiders , the White House is looking at four options , each of which would scrap Ares I , dramatically revise Constellation and start new programs allowing commercial space companies to carry humans to the space station .
All would be blocked by the latest move by Congress .
Since 2004 , NASA has spent more than $ 8 billion developing Constellation and aims to spend an additional $ 3.5 billion in 2010 to continue building Ares I and the Orion crew capsule , and designing the Ares V heavy - lift rocket .
But the program has been underfunded and has run into both financial and technical problems .
The first crewed Ares I launch is not likely before 2017 — or seven years after the shuttle is retired next year .
A presidential - review panel suggested in October that NASA rely on commercial rockets to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station , leaving the agency to concentrate its efforts on working with other countries to develop a space program capable of exploring the solar system .
The committee , led by retired Lockheed Martin CEO Norm Augustine , also said NASA should get up to $ 3 billion more in funding annually .
But NASA allies in Congress largely have rejected the committee ’s suggestion of alternatives and instead have focused on getting NASA more money .
One key reason is jobs , as changes to Constellation likely would reduce the number of workers at NASA centers , especially Alabama , where the Ares rockets are designed .
“ Without the Ares I and heavy - lift capability of the Ares V rockets , we will relinquish our leadership in space .
Our goals for manned space exploration have always been , and always will be , accomplished through the people of Marshall Space Flight Center , ” Shelby said .
But more money for NASA is improbable in the face of a $ 1.4 trillion federal deficit .
Administration officials said NASA ’s 2011 budget is unlikely to be more than its proposed 2010 budget of $ 18.7 billion .
The budget situation is one reason the White House is seeking foreign partners as alternatives to Constellation , as well as the possibility of using NASA as a form of “ soft power ” on the global stage .
In his speech to industry officials , Bolden said that Obama told him to use NASA as a way to reach out to new partners , including China , one of only three countries that have launched astronauts into space .
The others are the U.S. and Russia .
“ We are going to reach out to what I call nontraditional partners .
And I can say that with confidence because the president has told me to do that , ” said Bolden , who has said little about the agency ’s future since taking office nearly six months ago .
“ There are not a lot of things I can tell you with certainty .
But I can tell you , he said , ‘ Do that . ’ “
Congress , which has long seen China ’s civil space program as an extension of its military , is not likely to be pleased .
KDE ’s default web browser is Konqueror , and many users love it for its speed , integration with KDE , and its host of features .
Nevertheless , some sites do not perform as well as they do in Mozilla Firefox , and some users prefer the large number of available Firefox add - ons .
Furthermore , users who move from Windows to Linux might prefer Firefox for its familiarity
Regardless of their reasons , there are plenty of KDE users who want or need Firefox .
Unfortunately , Firefox uses GTK themes for its visual appearance , which ruins the visual continuity that KDE users have come to expect .
But fear not , there is a way to make Firefox look and partially feel like a real KDE app .
Using four Firefox add - ons and one GTK theme , you can give Firefox an extreme makeover .
The first step in the makeover process is to install a GTK theme that mimics KDE ’s Oxygen theme .
Although , the gtk -qt engine can apply QT themes to GTK apps , it is not perfect , and Firefox in particular has problems with it .
Visit KDE - Look.org and download the Oxygen - Molecule KDE & GTK + unified theme .
This is a GTK theme , and you can install it just like any other .
First , make sure the gtk - qt - engine is not installed , and then follow these instructions :
1. Extract the compressed files into a folder of your choice
2 . Copy the theme folder to the GTK themes folder ( will vary by distribution – see the installation guide ) .
From the command line , type :
3 . In System Settings , Click “ Appearance ” and then “ GTK Styles and Fonts “ .
4. Select kde43 - oxygen - molecule , and click “ Apply “ .
If you do not have a “ GTK themes ” button , follow the included instructions to enable the theme manually .
Firefox Add-ons
1. Oxygen KDE
The first Firefox add - on is a theme that gives Firefox an even more polished KDE look than the GTK theme .
The reason I recommend installing the GTK theme is that it will give all dialogs and any external GTK applications the KDE Oxygen look as well , making it all unified .
I found this theme to be very crisp and fast compared to other Firefox themes I have used .
It actually feels like a KDE application and even replaces the Mozilla progress indicator with the Konqueror “ K ” .
2. Xclear
A common Konqueror feature is the button that lets you quickly clear Location or Search bar text .
Apple ’s Safari browser also has this feature .
With Xclear , you can add this functionality to Firefox .
3. PlasmaNotify
Normally , when downloads finish , Firefox pops up a notification window in the bottom right corner of the screen .
Some people turn this feature off completely , but if you still want notification , PlasmaNotify integrates Firefox with KDE ’s notification system .
It should also work with other Firefox notifications , other than download completion .
4. KDE Wallet password integration
This is by no means an essential add - on , but it is definitely useful if you want your passwords all stored in one secure location .
Rather than having Firefox store your information , why not have KWallet do what it was designed to do ?
Konqueror and all other KDE applications can use KWallet by default .
This extension adds that capability to Firefox .
KWallet uses a master password system , which is more secure than having Firefox save your password , allowing anyone who happens to be at that computer access to your accounts .
Each of these add - ons is optional , so feel free to pick and choose the ones you think are essential for the best overall KDE desktop experience .
There are a couple of others out there that provide support for services like KTTS ( KDE Text - to - Speech ) that you might also want to consider .
Once you are finished applying all of these add - ons , you will have a hard time remembering that Firefox is not part of your KDE desktop .
A Queens man tied to a suspected al Qaeda - trained terrorist may have been trying to kill himself when he crashed his car into the back of another at the Bronx - Whitestone Bridge , law enforcement sources said .
Adis Medunjanin , 25 , called 911 as he sped erratically away from federal agents through Queens streets at up to 90 mph .
“ We love death more than you love life ! ” he exclaimed in Arabic .
Medunjanin also praised Allah moments before he rear - ended another vehicle , sources said .
Police are investigating the bizarre crash as a possible suicide attempt by the frantic Medunjanin , in the wake of a federal raid on his Queens home .
COPS NAIL NEWARK SCARE GUY
BOMBER ’S DAY IN COURT ‘ BRIEF ’
MICHELLE MALKIN : HOW DID ‘UNDY BOMBER ’ GET A VISA ?
EDITORIAL : AT WAR — MAYBE
Medunjanin , 24 , a recent graduate of Queens College , and Zarein Ahmedzay , 25 , had been under intense surveillance in their homes since September when their former Flushing HS classmate Najibullah Zazi was arrested on suspicion of plotting a new 9/11 - style attack in New York .
The latest twist in the case began Thursday afternoon , when neighbors said seven federal agents showed up at Medunjanin ’s two - bedroom co-op where he lives with his parents .
“ They wanted his passport to document his travels , ” a law enforcement source said of the raid by the FBI - NYPD Joint Terrorism Task Force .
About an hour after the feds confiscated the passport and left , the Bosnian - born Medunjanin got into his car and was tailed by agents .
He accelerated to get away from them until the crash .
Then he fled on foot until he was chased down by members of the task force and hospitalized for minor injuries , police said .
He initially was charged only with fleeing the scene of an accident , but sources said he would be charged with providing material support to terrorism when arraigned in Brooklyn federal court tomorrow at 10 a.m .
His lawyer , Robert Gottlieb , fumed about a lack of information .
“ The US attorney has refused to give me any of the details , ” he said .
He said he has n’t been able to speak to Medunjanin .
Ahmedzay , an Afghan - born cab driver , was picked up by authorities in Greenwich Village Thursday night and pleaded not guilty yesterday to a single charge of lying to federal agents when he was questioned in September .
He allegedly lied when asked about traveling to Pakistan and Afghanistan in 2008 and whether he knew a “ John Doe ” — apparently referring to Zazi — who is believed to have attended military training at al Qaeda camps .
Anti-terror experts called the Zazi case one of the most serious threats since the 9/11 attacks .
They said Zazi took bomb - making classes from al Qaeda , then returned to the United States to buy beauty supplies in a Denver suburb to make peroxide - based explosives .
Prosecutors said he tried to mix explosives in a hotel room in early September , then drove to New York to carry out an attack , possibly on the transit system , they said .
Relatives of Ahmedzay at his Parsons Boulevard home said he is a hard worker who regularly attends a local mosque .
Asked if Ahmedzay hates America , his older brother Nazir said , “ If he did , he would n’t be living here . ”
“ He ’s not guilty .
He ’s a good guy .
He works hard to support his family , ” said another brother , Shrief Ahmedzay , 22 .
Mayor Bloomberg said the case “ highlights the fact that New York , because it ’s a symbol of democracy of the United States to many people around the world , is always going to be a target , and we can not let our guard down . ”
Additional reporting by Ikimulisa Livingston , Lorena Mongelli , John Doyle .
Selim Algar and David Seifman
murray.weiss@nypost.com
Though Senate bill cuts ‘ pre-existing conditions , ’ it still allows insurance companies to create ‘ pre- existing ’ categories to raise rates
The Democrats ’ healthcare overhaul , billed as a monumental game - changer for Americans ’ health insurance coverage , provides numerous loopholes for health insurance companies which will allow them to raise rates to protect profit margins , a health insurance whistleblower says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Wendell Potter , a twenty - year veteran of the insurance industry and former vice president of communications for Cigna , warns that current healthcare legislation does nothing to prevent the insurance industry from continuing its ongoing practice of increasingly shifting healthcare costs to consumers .
A form of bait - and - switch , such practices often set up individuals , families and small businesses for inadequate or unaffordable access and a continued looming threat of financial ruin .
The overlooked element , Potter says , is that insurance companies will be able to claim they are reducing premiums by forcing more Americans to pay higher deductibles and offering less coverage .
“ We talk a lot about affordability , and we talk about affordability of insurance premiums , ” Potter told Raw Story in a nearly hour - long interview .
“ But when you talk about affordability , you need to talk about affordability of premiums plus out - of - pocket expenses . ”
He said that there ’s been a lot of discussion on how the Congressional Budget Office scored this legislation and what it says this legislation will cost the country in the long run , but little to no focus on how the legislation will directly impact individual Americans .
Potter pointed out , for example , that many plans — even after consumers received proposed government subsidies to help pay for them — would come with high deductibles that prohibit people from using their insurance or cause them the kind of financial hardships that healthcare reform was purported to prevent .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ What worries me , ” he said , “ is people who are forced to buy coverage and all they can afford to buy is a high deductible .
And if they get really sick then they have to pay so much out of their own pockets that they ’re going to be filing for bankruptcy and losing their homes . ”
In the Senate bill , in particular , Potter noted , some people will be buying insurance that will only cover roughly 60 percent of their medical costs if they get sick .
“ There are a lot of people who do n’t have insurance now because they ca n’t afford premiums , ” he said .
“ They certainly could n’t afford premiums plus the out - of - pocket expenses in today ’s market . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Potter asserted that the current legislation will , in large part , simply move millions of people from being uninsured to underinsured , or from insured to underinsured .
Citing a 2007 study by the Commonwealth Fund , he said there are already over 25 million Americans who fall into the category of the underinsured .
Potter also noted the deleterious effect of cost shifting on small businesses .
Many small business owners will earn just enough to be denied subsidies .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ After a certain income level , there are no subsidies , ” Potter explained .
“ But you still have to buy coverage .
And I ’m concerned that after you get above the median level of income , you ’ll find that a lot of people who do n’t get subsidies will probably be forced to buy coverage .
But the only coverage they ’ll be able to buy will make them underinsured . ”
There ’s also no prohibition in the legislation against insurance companies moving more and more people into high - deductible plans .
Such plans , Potter argued , will help insurers ’ bottom lines because fewer policyholders will actually avail themselves of their insurance .
“ When you have a benefit plan that requires people to pay a lot out of their own pocket , a lot of these people will never get to the point of using their insurance because they wo n’t go to the doctor or pick up their medicines to satisfy the deductible , ” Potter told Raw Story .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I see nothing in this legislation that essentially would protect people from losing their homes or filing for bankruptcy , ” he added .
How insurance companies can still game the system
While prohibitions on such practices as denying healthcare to people with pre-existing conditions remain in the legislation , Potter noted that the Senate bill , in particular , provides the insurance companies with “ all the flexibility they need ” to more than make up for any profits lost due to new reform measures and to prevent people from accessing coverage .
He pointed out , for example , that “ health factors ” such as chronic diseases and age would continue to play into how much individuals can be charged in premiums and how many of them may be forced into high deductible plans .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ What they will be doing , what they can in the Senate bill , is charge people significantly more if they have certain health factors , ” Potter said .
“ And it would be pretty much up to the industry to decide what those health factors are .
You could have high blood pressure , high cholesterol , diabetes .
You could be overweight , have a history of tobacco use .
There definitely would be a wide range of things that the insurance industry would be able to look at and determine whether or not to charge you more . ”
He also noted that the Senate bill would allow insurance companies to charge people who are older up to three times as much as those who are younger and , in the House bill , two times more than a younger person .
“ And of course when people get older they develop more health factors , ” Potter said .
“ So that is another way to get around the loss of revenue .
Plus , of course , they would be able to get new revenue coming in from people who are younger and do n’t have health factors that they charge more for . ”
Moreover , he said , “ They still would be getting a new revenue stream from people who are younger .
So they ’ll be getting significantly more in revenue .
And those people are quite profitable too because they do n’t file many claims . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
To justify this practice , Potter explained , insurers would claim that they ’re providing lowered or discounted premiums to healthier people .
But , in reality , premiums across the board are set so high that healthier people would n’t actually be receiving anything that could be considered a discount .
“ Healthier people would be paying pretty much a standard rate at the end of the day , ” said Potter , while the chronically ill and the aged would be paying exceptionally more on top of the already pricey standard rate .
Medical - loss ratio
The former insurance executive also says another element of the healthcare overhaul is receiving too little attention : the medical - loss ratio , which determines what percentage of health insurance premiums are spent on actual medical costs .
The difference of just a few percentage points can mean billions of dollars to the insurance industry .
“ We ’re talking about big - time money here , ” said Potter .
“ The insurance industry does n’t want to have any restrictions on the medical - loss ratio .
So they ’ll be doing all they can to keep it from being enacted if possible . ”
Some members of Congress , led by Sen. Al Franken ( D - MN ) , proposed an amendment to require that 90 percent of consumer premiums go to medical costs , but Potter does n’t think that ’s likely to happen and said insurers will fight tooth - and - nail to set any minimum as low as possible .
The Congressional Budget Office said that the 90 percent figure was too high and would basically drive insurers out of business , recommending 80 - 85 percent instead .
Democrats are expected to embrace the lower figures in their final bill .
ADVERTISEMENT
Potter cautioned that legislators need to keep an eye on how insurance companies define medical and administrative expenses .
And he said that legislation should require companies to explain what they ’re spending money on and what percentage in dollar amounts they ’re spending .
“ You can set the medical - loss ratio , but you need to make sure that it ’s clearly understood what the components of the administrative expenses are , ” Potter explained .
“ Because they can shift stuff around from one bucket to another and claim that what they ’re actually spending is beneficial to the patient when it may not be . ”
For example , he said they can easily meet an 85 % standard if the definition enables them to categorize such items as disease management programs as paying for medical care .
Currently , money spent on disease management programs is counted toward administrative costs .
Potter also noted that insurance companies have kept the issue of the medical - loss ratio — something little understood by the American public — “ pretty much just a conversation between them , their shareholders and the analysts who cover them .
They do n’t talk about it anywhere else . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Potter raised this complex but critical issue during his Senate testimony in June .
“ Every decimal point makes a big difference , ” he added .
“ We ’re talking in the billions . ”
The unit of JS thought .
The term “ object ” is used very loosely in JS .
Let ’s just consider the typical and most common meaning .
Like the other values we ’ve seen so far ( strings and numbers ) objects too are values .
Consequently , they can be assigned to and be referred by variables .
Without further ado , let ’s just create one .
var flub = {} ;
That ’s it .
Creating an object is as simple as that .
This one is empty , thus of not much use .
The real purpose of an object is as a : collection of key – value pairs .
A key value pair is a name ( key ) and the value ( any JS value ) that the key refers to .
Thus it is very much like a variable and the value it refers to .
So a collection of those is quite like a collection of variables .
Why do we need collections ?
For almost all the same reasons we need collections in real life .
Primarily to fit stuff into our head and forget details .
A computer is a collection of parts and functions .
So is a car .
Do we need to know all the complicated details of their implementation to use these objects ?
Surely , nobody likes to manipulate and think about the myriad constituents of such complicated machines to use them and get something done .
Collections appear to be a feature of our brain .
We certainly do extend that to the physical world .
We combine and group things in the physical world and we let the world worry about the storage , maintenance and mirroring our ideas .
We go on in our daily lives , operating on top of layers upon layers of such convenient forgetfulness ( abstractions ) and do n’t give much thought to it .
JS allows us to transplant those skills into the digital realm and objects play the central role in allowing us to do so .
After all , everything IRL is an object with a name .. right ?
Two forms to manipulate objects .
Lets visualize these two “ “ , “ ” to be JS values ( remember values could be any of string , number , object etc )
Then this var blob = , spike = ; will give us
To add a key - value pair to flub , we could use either of the following syntax .
flub [ " friend " ] = blob ;
flub.enemy = blob ;
Giving us .
Do n’t worry we can fix that .
To fix flub , we need to update one of its keys .
We could do that either ..
flub [ " enemy " ] = spike ; this way .
this way .
flub.enemy = spike ; or this way .
Accessing values of members is also quite intuitive .
You do either
var flubsEnemy = flub [ " enemy " ] ; this .
this .
var flubsEnemy = flub.enemy ; or this ,
The form of these manipulations with the dot separating the object name and the key is called the surprise surprise dot notation .
The other with the square brackets flanking the expression that stands for the key is called the subscript notation ( also known as the bracket notation ) .
Hmm … “ the expression that stands for the key ” ..
Here , take a look at this .
Conveniences all around .
To quickly create and populate an object , JS gives us a colon separated notation for key - value pairs which you can delimit by commas and flank by a pair of matched curly braces .
var score = { player : “ you ” , points : 1 , avatar : blob , inventory : {} //object inside another object .
} ;
The curly braces syntax including the empty one that initially created flub is called the object literal syntax .
Why literal ?
Because it stands for what it is .. no funky manipulation here .
Summary .
Collect stuff together and give it a name .
Simplify problems by breaking it up .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : abstraction , dot notation , grouping , JavaScript , object literal , objects , subscript notation
I ’ve been in a mini-mood lately when it comes to baking and these bite - sized pies met my big craving .
They are really , really easy .
Let me show ya .
Of course , it did n’t hurt that I used ready to roll refrigerated pie crust .
It comes two to a box and if you roll each round pie crust a little bit thinner with a rolling pin , you can get 24 mini pumpkin - shaped pie crusts out of them .
Make sure you use all the dough scraps and re-roll to maximize quantities .
Then , stuff each one in a mini muffin baking pan .
This one holds 24 .
Press the dough down , in and around the edge of each muffin cup .
Make sure the stem for the pumpkin stays sticking out .
You ’ll notice I alternated cups above .
I did this mainly to make sure the pie crusts did n’t touch each other .
So I ended up baking these in two batches .
Fill each pie crust with pumpkin filling all the way to the top .
When they come out of the oven , they ’ll be puffed up like this .
Too bad they did n’t stay that way .
That would be pretty darn cute .
But no , after they cool for a few , they ’ll fall and be flush with the pie crust .
See… easy mini pumpkin pie bites .
These would be really cute at Thanksgiving .
You can even drizzle them with melted chocolate to jazz them up a bit .
Just melt some chocolate in a heat - proof bowl in the microwave on medium .
Heat in 30 second intervals , stirring in between .
You can also add a little bit of vegetable oil to make the chocolate more fluid .
Then , transfer the chocolate to a re-sealable plastic bag and cut the corner off and drizzle away .
But wait … you say you do n’t want to wait until Thanksgiving .
I do n’t blame you .
So … pipe some chocolate faces on and make them in October .
Cute !
And I ’ll say it again … easy !
Pumpkin Pie Bites
2 refrigerated ready - to roll pie crusts
8 oz . cream cheese , room temperature
1/2 cup sugar
1 cup canned pumpkin
3 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
Pumpkin - shaped cookie cutter
Optional
1/2 cup chocolate morsels
vegetable oil
re -sealable plastic bags
Preheat oven to 350 degrees .
Use cookie cutter to cut 12 pumpkin shapes from each pie crust .
You will need to roll the dough thinner than it comes out of the box .
Press dough shapes into a 24 cup mini muffin tray .
( Make 12 at a time , alternating cups to make sure pie crusts do n’t overlap each other . )
Apply egg whites from one egg to the top edges of each pie .
Mix cream cheese , sugar , canned pumpkin , remaining 2 eggs , vanilla and pumpkin pie spice together until thoroughly combined .
Spoon mixture into each pumpkin - shaped pie crust .
Bake for 12 - 15 minutes .
Remove pies to cool and repeat with second pie crust .
Place the muffin tray in the freezer to cool it quickly for re-use .
Makes 24 pies .
Keep refrigerated .
To decorate , melt chocolate in a heat - proof bowl in the microwave on medium .
Heat in 30 second intervals , stirring in between until melted .
Add a little vegetable oil to make the chocolate more fluid .
Transfer to a re-sealable plastic bag and cut the corner off .
Drizzle or draw faces on pies .
Note :
The cutter I used was 3 3/ 4 inches wide , but if you do n’t have one , do n’t worry .
Just use a round cutter around that size or slightly smaller to cut circle shapes out of the dough .
Then make stems with the scraps .
Press each stem over the edge and down the side of the dough before filling .
Pumpkin pie spice is a mixture of cinnamon , ginger , nutmeg and allspice .
Enjoy !
Recently , I was having an argument with a friend about who is the greatest movie or television robot / android .
While there are a ton to choose from , the one that left a lasting impression on us was Star Trek : The Next Generation ‘s Data .
From there we started to compare all of the other robots and androids to Data to see how they would all stack up .
Some did n’t compare , some would simply destroy Data in a fight , but what about the human connection ?
What about Data ’s constant striving to become more human ?
How did that reflect in the other robots and androids ?
Needless to say , this seemed like a fantastic topic for a Great Geek Debate , so here it is .
Data vs. The Rest .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Here ’s a look at some ( of the many ) androids , robots and cyborgs that came before Lt. Commander Data and how Data stacks up to each of them .
The main talking points are who would win in a fight ( invariable conclusion to such a debate ) and the quest for humanity .
Data vs. Gort
Gort stood about 8 feet tall ( referring to the original The Day the Earth Stood Still , not the forgettable remake ) and arrived on Earth to “ preserve the peace . ”
Part of an interstellar police force , Gort had the power to vaporize anything that posed a threat and according to his buddy Klaatu , “ He could destroy the Earth . ”
That kind of power ca n’t be ignored on any scale .
He ’s focused on his mission and is prepared to release destruction on command .
Gort can not be destroyed by modern weapons and only when a particular phrase is uttered does he shut down .
( C’mon , you know it . )
Data was often injured in battle , even losing his head on at least one occasion .
This created a human vulnerability that endeared him as more than just an android .
He was n’t intentionally destructive ; hell , he even kept a pet cat .
Data would never stand idly by waiting for a command to destroy a planet .
That was Gort ’s job .
While one could clearly make the argument that Data is the better android , Gort could unleash his laser beam and simply destroy everything .
Advantage : Gort
Data vs. C3PO
C3PO can understand and translate around 6 million different forms of communication .
Mind you , he was designed and built by a young boy .
While the Midi-chlorians might have been high in young Skywalker ’s bloodstream , they did n’t help him build a droid with much of a backbone .
Meanwhile , in a galaxy far , far away , Dr. Soong was busy creating a sentient android of his own with not only a backbone , but a bad - ass positronic brain .
It ’s never made clear how many languages Data can speak , but one has to assume the number is just as high as C3PO .
Advantage : Data
Data vs. Kryten
Aboard the Red Dwarf mining ship , the Series 4000 “ Slave Noid ” named Kryten plays neurotic butler to the crew .
After inadvertently causing the destruction of the last ship he was on , Kryten ended up on the Red Dwarf .
Kryten is a slave .
Plain and simple .
While he strives to be a little more human under the less - than - strict tutelage of Dave Lister , he really has no intention of ever becoming human .
In fact , when under extreme duress his head will actually explode .
Sadly , this is revealed to not be a design flaw .
Data on the other hand , is no one ’s slave .
While he is meticulous and literal in following orders , he does have free will .
At first , he does n’t quite understand this free will , but after engaging in more than human activities like playing music and poker he starts to long to become more human .
Where Kryten ’s neurosis is his downfall on more than one occasion , Data ’s confidence in his abilities saves the ship on numerous occasions .
Kryten just puts his in constant danger .
The choice is easy if you had to decide which nonhuman you ’d rather have around .
Advantage : Data
Data vs. Roy Batty
Roy Batty achieved through design what Data strove for years to achieve .
Roy Batty learned how to be human , in fact “ more human than human . ”
Built for military service but with a supergenius intellect , Roy Batty decided his “ life ” would be better served not taking orders .
Roy kills his maker in his quest for a longer life and in return begins to slowly degrade .
Finally he shows his truest human emotion , empathy , as he saves Deckards ’ life before his own fades away .
This resolution to his tale is truly inspiring for any android in existence , while the path has a bit to be desired , it being mostly evil and all .
We all know Data was not evil .
But with the existence of Lore , we know that evil is just a positronic brain away .
Lore showed us a side of Data that Data never presented .
Lore ’s quest for humanity was similar to Roy ’s in that he chose methods of evil , even killing his own “ father ” to achieve his goals .
When Lore leads the Borg and momentarily controls Data , we see that even Data is fallible .
The strength of duty and his loyalty to the crew ultimately leads Data down the morally sound path and Lore down the path of destruction .
Evil rarely triumphs , especially in movies and TV .
Lore and Roy chose methods of attaining humanity that brought upon their destruction .
As Data proved after finally getting the emotion chip , there are much better ways of becoming human .
Advantage : Data
Data vs. Nestor
The first law of robotics states , “ No robot may injure a human being or through inaction , allow a human being to come to harm . ”
This law keeps the robot population from turning on their human creators , that is outside of the Matrix and Terminator universes .
In Issac Asimov ’s short story , “ Little Lost Robot , ” contained within his I Robot compilation novel , the intelligent robot of Nestor is introduced .
Nestor was like all the rest of the robots , save for one tiny little tidbit .
His first - law programming only contained the first part , “ No robot may injure a human being . ”
When taken literally and directly , a robot could very well shoot a human being , as the robot did not injure the human , the bullet did .
Hence the second part of the law .
When told under duress to “ go lose yourself , ” Nestor does exactly that .
He gets lost , in the one place that it was hardest for the rest of the humans to find him — with the rest of the robots .
While Data did not have a clan of himselves to hide in , early on he followed orders with a precise and literal obedience .
Like Nestor , Data was indebted with the first law of robotics , something he took very seriously , which can be solidly proven when he ultimately sacrifices his existence to save Picard at the end of Nemesis .
Data is clearly superior to Nestor as at the end of “ Little Lost Robot ” Nestor tries to kill his human creators in order to protect his individuality .
Advantage : Data
Data vs. Steve Austin
Injured beyond repair in a plane crash , pilot Steve Austin was rebuilt into a fighting spy machine at the low cost of 6 million dollars .
He then went to work for the Office of Scientific Intelligence and eventually married the Bionic Woman .
One could only guess what their kids looked like .
Both Steve Austin and Data were in the occasional scuffle , Austin more than Data .
When Data fought , he was very quick , physical and clean .
He fought with brute force , mainly because he did n’t have the squishy weaknesses of a human .
He fought with determination and always had his Captains ’ back .
Even when he was being seduced by the Borg ( for 0.68 seconds ) , Data made sure his opponent was down , and one punch usually did the job .
He could routinely be seen tossing foes across the room .
There is one aspect to Austin ’s fighting style that really made it unique .
More often than not , he fought in slow - motion action .
I ’m sure most of you will say that it was just camera tricks , but with the awesome robotic sound effects added , it was hard not to just enjoy a fight scene .
The same could n’t be said for Data ’s fight scenes .
The feeling there was , “ Oh boy , Data is in a fight … it ’s over already ? ”
Not with Austin .
When Austin was fighting — it was a fight .
There was raw emotion involved as well .
We did n’t see this emotion early on with Data , but later — after the chip was installed — his action sequences became more heated and he showed true anger .
While the government installed robotics within Steve Austin , making him less of a physical man , Geordi installed a chip in Data to make him more an emotional human .
This is why Data is the better android as he can learn to be human , but Austin cannot shed all his human physicality to become an android .
Advantage : Data
So there you have it .
Data is the ultimate android .
While he lost a battle to Gort , that ’s only because Data does n’t have the ability to destroy everything around him on a whim .
You really ca n’t go up against that .
In the end , Data is an geek icon that will be around forever in our minds and on reruns on the Syfy channel .
Every movie robot , android or cyborg will always be measured up to him in our minds .
In lieu of a really big poll , who are your favorites ?
I ’m sure there are plenty I did n’t mention .
Photo : donielle / Flickr
See Also :
Great Geek Debates : Kirk vs. Picard
Great Geek Debates : Joss Whedon vs. J.J. Abrams
Great Geek Debates : Lord of the Rings vs. Harry Potter
Great Geek Debates : Pirates vs. Ninja
Follow us on Twitter : @cebsilver and @wiredgeekdad .
After my last post , some readers were asking what tool did I used for testing the QoS and how satisfied I ’m with it .
The name of the tool is Packgen .
According to its developer developers , “ Packgen is a simple network packet generator handling diffserv markers , useful for testing network bandwidth and QoS . ”
It support features like :
– Network packet flows generation with given bandwidth ( packets sent at each time interval depending on the bandwidth to produce and the size of the packets to generate ) ;
– UDP and TCP flows ;
– DSCP marking ;
– Log generation which gives the possibility to compute statistics on the flows ( to come later ) .
The main difference between IPerf ( which is also a great testing tool , especially for bandwidth , jitter , packet loss tests … ) and Packgen , is that the last one support diffserv marking natively .
Of course you can achieve the same results with IPerf , with and ACL and inbound marking of the packets matched in the access - list , but with Packgen this is straight forward .
I had a little issue when downloading this tool , as the first result in Google search engine directed me to a page with no download link : http://packgen.rubyforge.org.
This contains all the needed information about features , installation and how to use it ( actually one of the best README that I ever saw for such tools ) , but no suggestion where to download the package .
I search a little bit and you can download it from this official link .
To install this tool , you need to have Ruby on your system and then just run from inside the unpacked Packgen folder :
ruby ./setup.rb
Now some words about how to use it .
From my post about AutoQoS , you can see that you need at least one client and one server .
This 2 devices , use different files with Packgen ( Do n’t worry as the files come in the source package and if not , it ’s very easy to create them ) .
First the server file , called listen .yml ( if you create it , you can give whatever name you want ) looks like this :
LISTEN : udp :
–
ports : !ruby / range 17000..17002
tcp :
–
ports : !ruby / range 5002..5004
As you can see , there are 2 sections defined for UDP and TCP traffic .
Then with “ ! ruby / range ” you define a range where the server will listen .
However , you can also simply use an Integer port number .
Then on the client side , there is file called sent.yml :
SEND : udp :
–
name : Voice
host : 10.10.10.100:17000
bandwidth : 700Kb
packet_size : 252B
dscp : ef
from..to : !ruby / range 0.0..60.0
–
name : Video
host : 10.10.10.100:5002
bandwidth : 2.8Mb
packet_size : 750B
dscp : cs4
from..to : !ruby / range 10.0..60.0
tcp :
–
name : Best Effort
host : 10.10.10.100:5002
bandwidth : 3.2Mb
packet_size : 1KB
from..to : !ruby / range 20.0..60.0
–
name : Background
host : 10.10.10.100:5002
bandwidth : 3.2Mb
packet_size : 1KB
dscp : cs1
from..to : !ruby / range 30.0..60.0
Here it ’s a little bit more complex , but still human readable .
This file also have 2 sections for UDP and TCP traffic , with the following paramters being defined :
- name : I believe it say everything
-host : ServerIP : port
- bandwidth : bandwidth to simulate
- packet size : packet in size in B , KB
- dscp : value
- from..to : !ruby / range : time intervals
After everything is defined , you just have to run Packgen to test .
On Server side first :
packgen -i listen.yml
Then on Client side :
packgen - i sent.yml
Optional you can add the -l file option , which will log the traffic send :
1258663872.6248 SEND dest=10.10.10.100:16385
1258663882.62591 SEND dest=10.10.10.100:5001
1258663895.65219 SEND dest=10.10.10.100:5002
1258663905.66876 SEND dest=10.10.10.100:5003
1258663933.72797 STOP dest=10.10.10.100:16385
or received :
1258663869.80496 LISTEN port=16384 proto=udp
1258663869.81079 LISTEN port=16385 proto=udp
1258663869.81441 LISTEN port=5002 proto=tcp
1258663869.81506 LISTEN port=5003 proto=tcp
1258663872.5886 RECV sent_at=1258663872.64102 flow=0 size=252 id=6
1258663872.58893 RECV sent_at=1258663872.64613 flow=0 size=252 id=7
1258663872.58903 RECV sent_at=1258663872.64719 flow=0 size=252 id=8
1258663872.58915 RECV sent_at=1258663872.65052 flow=0 size=252 id=9
1258663872.58924 RECV sent_at=1258663872.6742 flow=0 size=252 id=10
The configuration files and logs excerpt were from my AutoQos test .
If you have any issues with using it , please contact me , or just check in details the documentation from developers site .
Share me : Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Facebook
More
Pinterest
Pocket
Tumblr
Email
Skype
Telegram
WhatsApp
Print
Salvador Dalí ,
“ Since I do n't smoke , I decided to grow a mustache - it is better for the health .
However , I always carried a jewel - studded cigarette case in which , instead of tobacco , were carefully placed several mustaches , Adolphe Menjou style .
I offered them politely to my friends : " Mustache ?
Mustache ?
Mustache ?
" Nobody dared to touch them .
This was my test regarding the sacred aspect of mustaches . ”
' Grey goo ' food laced with nanoparticles could swamp Britain
Prince Charles derided nanoparticles as ' grey goo ' food
Britain is on the brink of a massive expansion in foods containing controversial ' grey goo ' nanoparticles , according to the former head of the Food Standards Agency .
Low - calorie chocolate and beer that does n't go flat could be on sale within just five years , Lord Krebs said last night .
However , he and other peers believe there will be no requirement for the hi-tech products to be labelled as containing nanoparticles - microscopic compounds that can worm their way into the brain , liver and kidneys with unknown consequences .
But critics said the public have the right to know what they are putting into their bodies , and point out that new legislation will mean that cosmetics that contain nanoparticles will have to be clearly labelled .
Once derided by Prince Charles as ' grey goo ' , nanoparticles are tiny particles - 300 million would fit in a pinhead - with powerful properties that make them of interest to food companies .
Although they are small , they have a large surface area at which key chemical reactions can take place .
This means that relatively low numbers of sugar nanoparticles can have the same effect as a large amount of normal sugar , creating tasty chocolate or cakes with a fraction of the calories .
The same principle could be applied to fat , allowing the creation of low - fat icecreams and mayonnaise that taste like the real thing .
Nanotechnology - inspired packaging promises to improve food shelf - life , and in the U.S. plastic beer bottles have been lined with ' nanoclay ' to stop the brew from going flat .
Lord Krebs chaired an inquiry by the House of Lords science and technology committee into the safety of nanotechnology in food , which found that although there is no evidence that the tiny particles are harmful , there are ' large gaps ' on our knowledge .
The committee called for the Food Standards - Agency to compile a database of nanoproducts that can be accessed by the public .
The FSA is not in favour of nanoparticles being declared on food labels , saying they are cluttered enough already .
The inquiry also criticised the food industry for being unnecessarily ' secretive ' about the products it has in the pipeline .
It said this seemed mainly to be because it was concerned about the public 's reaction .
Julian Hunt of the Food and Drink Federation said : ' Given that nanotechnology is in its infancy in the food and drink sector , and that bringing innovations to market is a long and complex process , we are surprised that the report seems to criticise the food industry for an apparent reluctance to communicate extensively on this subject .
' There are many questions and unknowns about the potential future uses of nanotechnologies in our sector , and there is much work still to be done by scientists , governments and regulators , as well as the food and drink industry . '
This just seems wrong .
A U.S businessman claims he 's been sitting on 3D scans from 1996 , when MJ was aged 37 .
It 's rumored the singer wanted a virtual or robot double , and this data , if real , would enable just that .
Advertisement
You might remember that Jackson had once planned a 50 - foot mecha with a moving face that shot lasers , but it never got built .
Advertisement
From the eBay Listing :
The original 3D scan data of Michael Jackson .
It also includes the color map from this scan in either CPV or UV maps .
This data was collected using the same equipment that creates the data used to create video games and or CGI avatars to make him speak , laugh , sing or dance .
I must emphasize that the sale of this scan data is subject to the purchaser agreeing to clear the proper rights with the MJ Estate before it is publicly used in a promotional or commercial manner .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I bet you need to emphasize that .
Even if the data is n't a hoax ( and I 'm skeptical ) , I can't see the Jackson Estate letting this fly without a lawsuit .
We 'll have to wait and see .
Meanwhile , an MJ fan found the auction and created this animation using only the 2D shots shown above .
It 's all pretty creepy ... just let the man rest in peace .
[ Huffington Post via Techie.com.ph ]
The dog was the first one that noticed something was coming .
At a multi-agency press conference this afternoon , Humboldt County officials reported that the county fared well in Saturday 's earthquake , with only one major injury -- a broken hip -- reported .
” On the whole , I think we dodged a bullet , ” said State Assemblyman Wesley Chesbro , D - Arcata .
“ It could have been far , far worse .
” Eureka Fire Chief Eric Smith reported that his department has received 119 reports of damage , and that a “ liberal ” and preliminary assessment indicates an estimated $ 12.5 million in damages to public and private structures within city limits .
No such estimates were available for the county as a whole , or for other municipalities .
Smith reported that an estimated 14 people were displaced by the quake , and have made accommodations through the Humboldt County chapter of the Red Cross to stay in local hotels and motels .
In Eureka , which reportedly received the brunt of damages in the county , several buildings -- mostly un-reinforced masonry structures -- have been cordoned off and determined unsafe .
Humboldt County Administrative Officer Phillip Smith - Hanes said that St. Joseph Hospital reported that 27 people came to the hospital Saturday night for emergency care .
All were treated and released , Smith - Hanes said , except for one person who suffered a broken hip .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Candida infection is caused by a yeast overgrowth in the intestines .
It can cause gas , bloating , indigestion and even chronic disease .
Known by its Latin name , curcumin , turmeric shows promise as an antifungal for Candida as well as many other fungal infections .
According to the Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy , the herb turmeric may be useful in inhibiting the Candida infection .
Research at the Linus Pauling Institute also points to turmeric 's curative value in treating colorectal cancers .
Candida Diagnosis and TreatmentDiagnosis of a Candida infection is via stool samples and blood tests .
Conventional medicine treats Candida with antifungal drugs , usually Nystatin .
This drug is made from a mold , which acts by competing with other molds and fungus , such as Candida , for food in the gut .
Medicinal Uses of TurmericTurmeric has many uses in folk medicine , which warrants its investigation as an antifungal .
It 's been shown to act as an anti-inflammatory and antioxidant .
It is used in cosmetics and drugs , as well as in cooking .
It can by used as a sunscreen or a pesticide .
Used commonly in Ayurvedic Medicine for digestive disorders , it is also used externally for ulcers , wounds , and skin conditions such as scabies and eczema .
Research on Curcumin and CandidaResearch was conducted at the Department of Microbiologia at the Centro de Engenharias in Brazil .
The test was done on cells in a lab , not on human subjects .
The study showed that curcumin was a more potent antifungal than the drug fluconazole .
The curcumin acted by inhibiting the Candida 's adhesion .
A phase 1 trail using turmeric to treat colorectal cancer showed that oral ingesting of curcumin was beneficial in treatment , but further tests are needed .
Causes of Candida InfectionCandida occurs commonly in over 50 percent of the population , but an overgrowth can be triggered by the use of antibiotics , or by sugar consumption .
Alcoholic beverages also trigger a Candida " bloom " as can swimming in chlorinated swimming pools .
Stress causes Candida to spread because the release of cortisol during stress raises blood sugar , that then feeds the yeast .
Birth control pills are also attributed with causing yeast , as is the copper IUD .
The copper reduces the body 's immunity , thereby causing an inability to resist yeast growth .
Other Anti-viral and Anti-fungal Uses of TurmericCurcumin has also been used to treat boils , staph infections , and the hard - to - treat MRSA virus .
Other Herbs to Treat CandidaOther herbs that are used to treat Candida include garlic , licorice , astragalus , and even cinnamon .
Goldenseal can also be used , but in small amounts as it can be toxic in large doses .
Oil of Oregano and Olive Leaf also kill fungus and yeast .
Melanie Grimes is a writer , award - winning screenwriter , medical journal editor , and adjunct faculty member at Bastyr University .
She also teaches homeopathy at the Seattle School of Homeopathy and the American Homeopathic Medical College .
A trained homeopath , she is the editor of the homeopathic journal , Simillimum , and has edited alternative and integrative medical journals for 15 years .
She has taught creative writing , founded the first Birkenstock store in the USA and authored medical textbooks .
Her ebook on Natural Remedies for the Flu is available at : Follow her blog at
Michelle Alliot - Marie , the justice minister , said last week that Muslim men seeking French citizenship and whose wives wore the garment were not welcome .
She said they would " not appear to be sharing the values of our country . "
The opposition Socialists this week came out against a law banning the burka – even though they remain firmly opposed to the garment .
Register Now It 's FREE
Quick & Easy
Our service is designed to be " Quick & Easy " in all aspects .
They run the gauntlet from secret societies to business groups , to sporting clubs , to just plain crazy , but rest assured all of these clubs have one thing in common : there is absolutely no way you are getting in .
1. Disney ’s Club 33
This is an uber - exclusive and expensive club that lets you eat in a semi- secret dining room in New Orleans Square .
It is the only place in Disneyland that serves alcohol .
You also get to ride in a special train car called the Lilly Belle .
That ’s pretty much it .
Despite these less than awe - inspiring perks , rumor has it that it costs $ 10,000 for an individual membership , and that does n’t even include the yearly fees of a couple thousand dollars .
But if you are a huge fan of the Mouse and do n’t think you can afford to join just yet , do n’t worry .
As of 2007 the waiting list to join was 14 years ; shortly after that , they stopped taking inquiries altogether .
2. The Beefsteak Club
Also known as the Sublime Society of Beefsteak , incarnations of this British club go back at least 300 years .
Only 24 members are allowed to join at any time ; even the Prince of Wales , the future George IV , had to wait until someone died to become a member .
Of all British organizations , perhaps only the Order of the Garter is more exclusive , but it is also less insane .
That ’s because , as the name suggests , the Beefsteak Club is a club devoted exclusively to how awesome steak is .
The members get together and eat steak , talk about how awesome steak is , sing a song about steak , and even wear a funny outfit including a badge proclaiming “ Beef and Liberty ” .
3. The Bilderberg Club
While they call themselves a club , this group of about 130 individuals are accused of pulling all the strings of governments around the world .
Important members of the financial , political , and media from North America and Europe started meeting unofficially in 1954 .
Now they meet once a year in great secrecy and under heavy guard .
No members of the press are allowed in and all conversations are completely off the record .
Of course , with this much secrecy involving powerful people , conspiracy theorists go mad .
4. The Giga Society
There are 6 members .
Six .
Membership is not limited by money , background , or a cap on the number of members allowed in .
Yet , as of right now , there are six members ; two in the United States and four in Europe .
Why so few ?
It might have something to do with the fact that you have to be smarter than .999999999 of the population to join .
According to their own web site , this means “ in theory one in a billion individuals can qualify ” .
To do so you have to score more than a 195 on one of their accepted IQ tests , which , frankly , sounds pretty hard to do .
5. The Woodcock Club
Currently , there are 1,410 members worldwide .
In order to join the Shooting Times Woodcock club , you must “ achieve a right - and - left at woodcock [ without lowering your gun ] before two witnesses ” .
By all accounts , this is a difficult feat , a sign of a true sportsman excelling under difficult conditions , not impossible but rare , similar to a hole - in - one in golf .
Ok , sounds logical enough so far .
Oh , but the club was originally founded as a promotional exercise — for a whiskey .
It continues to be sponsored by various whiskey brands to the present day .
The current president asks , “ What better tipple for a true rough shooter to put in his hip flask on the coldest of days ? ”
The answer– coffee .
Tea. Cocoa .
Anything warm that is n’t 80 proof when you have a gun and two witnesses on hand .
6. The Trilateral Commission
Formed in the 1970s when the Bilderberg club refused to admit members from Japan , which at the time was an emerging economic powerhouse .
The Trilateral Commission is a group of around 300 bigwigs that “ help think through the common challenges and leadership responsibilities of … democratic industrialized areas . ”
While conspiracy theorists worry about this club as much as the Bilderberg group , the original name was intended to be “ International Commission of Peace and Prosperity ” , which , if it really is an evil syndicate of men ruling the world from behind the scenes , would have been a bit of a misnomer .
Members of the club are known to have influence in American presidential administrations , but in what way and to what extent is unclear .
A new member is admitted only by letters of recommendation from two current members , making it one of the most exclusive clubs in the world .
7. The Ejection Tie Club
To join this club of 5,607 members ( only 10 of whom are women ) you must have survived being fired out of a military plane by ejection seat .
It sounds like an awesome club , right ?
You have to be pretty bad - ass to go through something like that and live to the tale .
However , you might have noticed it is called the Ejection Tie Club .
Yes , this exclusive club of current and former servicemen and women , who all at one point stared death in the face , exists only to hand out specialties so that “ when they were n’t in uniform , members would have some form of recognition among themselves ” .
There are no dinners , no get - togethers , no awards for bravery .
Just ties .
8. The Association of the Dead
This club , known as Uttar Pradesh Mritak Sangh , is not one you want to join .
The only people allowed to be a part of it are those in a province of India who have been declared dead … when they are still alive .
And not like they were on life support and almost did n’t make it alive .
These club members have n’t been sick or injured or anything like that .
They have simply been declared dead through forged letters and documents so other people can steal their lands .
This has happened to thousands of people in the area over the last 40 years and still goes on today .
9 . The Bohemian Club
An exclusive club for artists and journalists , this club , located in San Francisco , is best known for its ownership of the Bohemian Grove .
The Grove is a campsite in California where some of the most important men in the world meet every year .
Conspiracy theorists love this club as well ; however , their motto “ Weaving spiders come not here ” indicates they may be more of a summer camp for rich guys than a web - spinning secret society .
For three weeks a year a few hundred men ( always men , women are not allowed in ) camp among the redwoods and do whatever guys do when they are alone in the woods .
Link
10 . The Seven Society
Forget Skull and Bones .
This secret club founded at the College of William & Mary only admits seven people per year .
While shrouded in mystery like many collegiate secret societies , this one is well known for its philanthropy as opposed to homo - erotic initiation rituals .
Former members give anonymous endowments and scholarships the university .
They are also known to leave gifts , such as flowers and umbrellas , around campus for those in need .
The identity of members is not revealed until they die .
The lawsuit filed on behalf of four family members in state District Court in Albuquerque says the discovery was made the day after interment , when relatives smelled a foul odour coming from a bag they received from DeVargas Funeral Home and Crematory of the Espanola Valley .
Show your friends and co-workers that you 're not afraid to go beyond cream and sugar ( or at least read about someone doing it ) .
When you shop at the PWTIC Store , all proceeds go directly to buying more weird crap to throw in coffee .
A doctor convicted of assaulting two cyclists in Brentwood by driving in front of them and slamming on his brakes was sentenced today to five years in prison , ending a case a judge described as a wake - up call about tensions between cyclists and motorists on Los Angeles ’ streets .
Wearing dark blue jail scrubs , Christopher Thompson wept after offering a tearful apology to the injured riders .
He also urged a peaceful resolution to conflicts between cyclists and residents of the upscale residential street where the crash took place .
But Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Scott T. Millington expressed doubts about the physician ’s remorse and found that the victims were particularly vulnerable because they were on bicycles .
In an unusual move , the judge called on cyclists and drivers to respect each other and said local government should add more lanes specifically assigned to cyclists to improve their safety .
“ Government must become aware of the dangerous conditions existing on our city streets and the threat of injury to cyclists , ” Millington told a courtroom packed with cyclists as well as friends and supporters of Thompson at the Airport Courthouse .
Advertisement
The judge ’s words provide ammunition for a burgeoning movement that has sought to improve transportation conditions for Los Angeles ’ swelling ranks of cyclists , many of whom have long felt like second - class citizens in a city in love with its cars .
The July 4 , 2008 , crash drew intense interest from cyclists nationwide .
More than 270 cyclists wrote letters and e-mails urging a long prison sentence .
But Millington said he did not consider the correspondence , saying it would have been inappropriate to do so .
The case highlighted tensions along Mandeville Canyon Road , a winding five - mile residential street that has become a popular route for cyclists .
Thompson , 60 , read a statement that at times echoed the concerns of the judge , saying cyclists and canyon residents were at a crossroads .
Citing the Bible ’s call for reconciliation , he strongly urged both sides to resolve their differences .
Advertisement
“ If my incident shows us anything , it ’s that confrontation leads only to escalation of hostility and not resolution , ” he said .
“ You cannot fix the problem if you are consumed with affixing the blame . ”
Thompson , a former emergency room physician , testified during his trial last year that he and other Mandeville Canyon residents were upset that some cyclists rode dangerously and acted disrespectfully toward residents .
On the day of the crash , Thompson said , he was driving down the road on his way to work when several cyclists swore at him and flipped him off as he called on them to ride single file .
He said he stopped his car to take a photo to identify the riders and never intended to hurt anyone .
But the cyclists said the doctor was acting aggressively from the start .
They said he honked loudly from behind and passed by dangerously close as they moved to ride single file before he pulled in front and braked hard .
Advertisement
A police officer told jurors that Thompson said shortly after the crash that he slammed on his brakes in front of the riders to “ teach them a lesson . ”
One cyclist , Ron Peterson , was flung face - first into the rear window of Thompson ’s red Infiniti , breaking his front teeth and nose and cutting his face .
The other cyclist , Christian Stoehr , slammed into the sidewalk and suffered a separated shoulder .
Thompson was convicted of mayhem , assault with a deadly weapon -- his car -- and other serious charges .
Jurors also found him guilty of reckless driving in an earlier incident in which prosecutors said he tried to hurt two other cyclists .
He faced a maximum sentence of 10 years .
Millington rejected pleas from Thompson ’s supporters , who asked that the doctor be released on probation .
As Thompson wiped away tears , his father , a retired surgeon , told the court that his son was influential in improving trauma care throughout the county and was truly sorry .
Advertisement
But Millington quoted from a 911 call that Thompson made after the crash in which he told an emergency operator that the cyclists were not seriously injured but would claim they were .
A recording of the call captured the doctor telling one of the injured cyclists , “ Get your bike out of the road , why do n’t you ? ”
The judge said Thompson has continued to insist that he stopped his car to take a photo of the cyclists .
“ The jury obviously did n’t buy that story , ” Millington said .
jack.leonard@latimes.com
This film chronicles the rise of the personal computer / home computer beginning in the 1970s with the Altair 8800 , Apple II and VisiCalc .
It continues through the IBM PC and Apple Macintosh revolution through the 1980s and the mid 1990s at the beginning of the Dot - com boom .
It includes interviews with Apple Computer ’s Steve Jobs and Microsoft ’s Bill Gates .
This three - part film first premiered on PBS in June 1996 .
The series was released in VHS format soon after airing but is now out of print .
A release on DVD by Ambrose Video in 2002 was noted by product reviewers on Amazon.com and elsewhere to have numerous small but not insignificant segments excised from the program as originally aired for reasons that remain unknown .
The older , unedited VHS copies of the documentary are highly prized , but difficult to find .
This is a merry time for the Gentoo Ruby team , and for the users and developers of Ruby in Gentoo !
As of last night , I have confirmed that there are more ebuilds in tree using the new Ruby - NG eclasses ( ruby - ng. eclass and ruby - fakegem.eclass ) than there are using the old style ones ( ruby.eclass , gems.eclass )!
This is thanks to Alex and Hans who have been doing overtime to work on bumping the new packages .
Feel free to compare to the original charts even though they are of different types .
I have sampled the past nine days , at the end of each day , to get some more interesting charts .
The first thing that might be obvious by those is that the amount of Ruby ebuilds in tree is increasing with the new eclasses : it ’s mostly related to our need for new dependencies , usually for tests ( since we never run them before , those dependencies often were ignored altogether ) , but it does n’t stop there , as I for instance have added a few more for my own consumption .
The other graph also shows a pretty interesting situation : JRuby support is reaching Ruby 1.9 !
While all the packages using compiled C extensions are to be left alone ( unless , of course , they have an equivalent Java extension ) , there are more than a couple of packages that fail with Ruby 1.9 because of the changes in the syntax but work with the current JRuby — since it defaults to 1.8 …
I ’m not sure how I ’m going to work this around when the default will be 1.9 , nor I have no idea how to properly support the fact that it can switch the two implementations , for now … maybe we ’ll end up having jruby 18 and jruby 19 targets at some point ) .
Now , if headius were to give me a working Duby , I would be able to add at least three packages that are JRuby specific , and with the current situation , that would mean more JRuby packages than Ruby 1.9 packages , as easy as that .
And by the way there is one thing that I would like to point out , regarding JRuby support .
The way we implemented Ruby - NG in Gentoo , it means that we ’re not bound by gems declarations , dependencies , or whatever else , as we can sidestep all of it , eventually patching the code ( as I did before for shotgun not to require launchy ) .
The end result is that the instructions on how to set up ruby - debug on JRuby , are not relevant to us : RUBY_TARGETS =jruby emerge ruby - debug will take care of everything for you , including installing the alternative gem !
And similarly , we ’ll never hit the problems with ActiveRecord as the various implementations are separate .
So anyway , back to work to make Gentoo even better for Ruby development and use !
The Labour government surveillance state has announced Yet Another Powerless Regulator , so that they can Pretend To Be Seen To Be Doing Something .
This time , the announced role of " Interim CCTV Regulator " is a part time one , given , without any public competition or scrutiny , to Andrew Rennison who should really be busy full time in regulating the Forensic Science Service and the various centralised biometric databases and evidence collection and analysis procedures e , .g. the National DNA Database and the IDENT1 criminal fingerprint database etc .
HC Deb , 15 December 2009 , c113WS Interim CCTV Regulator Home Department
Written answers and statements , 15 December 2009 David Hanson ( Minister of State ( Crime and Policing ) , Home Office ; Delyn , Labour ) I am today announcing the arrangements we are putting in place to take forward implementation of the national CCTV strategy and to approve an interim CCTV regulator with immediate effect .
CCTV enjoys a high level of public confidence in tackling crime .
Note the weasel words " tackling crime " - that does not mean successfully preventing or deterring crime .
Home Office research published in 2005 showed that over 80 per cent .
of respondents supported the use of CCTV to deal with crime in their neighbourhood .
A similar high level of confidence is reflected in the Ipsos MORI poll conducted last year and which we will be publishing shortly .
CCTV played a key role in a number of investigations including the London terrorist outrages in July 2005
CCTV was a spectacular failure in preventing the terrorist suicide bomb murders and attempted murders in July 2005 .
Reliance on poor quality CCTV images contributed to the mis-identification and shooting to death by the Police , of the innocent Jean Charles de Menezes .
The failures of CCTV on the heavily surveilled London Transport Buses and Tube stations and Tube trains , gave the impression of a coverup by the state
and the Steven Wright murders in Ipswich as well as offences such as burglaries , robberies , violence and antisocial behaviour across the country .
The changes are aimed at ensuring that those involved across the CCTV industry , whether from the public or the private sector , can be actively involved in the development and implementation of national standards on the installation and use of CCTV .
Importantly , it also aims to maximise public engagement by raising public awareness of the benefits of CCTV and accountability of owners and users of CCTV systems .
We might believe that , if some CCTV systems were actually removed after they have been proven to be ineffective in reducing or preventing crime , or which constitute a disproportionate invasion of people 's privacy or security in a particular location .
It is important that we retain and build on that high level of public confidence by demonstrating the important contribution to preventing and detecting crime and antisocial behaviour which CCTV can make .
Does that mean even more expensive , stupid , counterproductive propaganda , like the controversial , and heavily satirised Metropolitan Police terrorism fear Propaganda Poster lies about bombs , reconnaissance and CCTV cameras - updated 25th March 2009 ?
We have already announced in Building Britain 's Future that we will make sure that local people have a say on the use of CCTV in their area and will be publishing guidance for crime and disorder reduction partnerships next year on communicating with their community on the role of CCTV in public protection .
Building Britain's Future is the failed Labour Government propaganda campaign , paid for by the taxpayer , launched in June 2009 .
Can you remember a single initiative or promise it made , without following the web link ?
It is also important that we address public concern about how CCTV is used .
I am , therefore , pleased to announce the appointment of the Forensic Science Regulator , Andrew Rennison , as the interim CCTV regulator with immediate effect .
The interim CCTV regulator will advise the Government on matters surrounding the use of CCTV in public places , including the need for a regulatory framework overseen by a permanent CCTV regulator , which enables the police , local authorities and other agencies to help deliver safer neighbourhoods while ensuring that personal privacy considerations are appropriately taken into account with supporting safeguards and protections .
The establishment of a permanent CCTV regulator would rightly be a matter for Parliament .
That is why we are , at this stage , considering the regulatory arrangements function through an interim appointment and the revised governance structure for implementation of the national CCTV strategy .
The interim appointment will be for a period of up to 12 months .
The appointment is an important step in implementation of the national CCTV strategy .
The interim regulator will work with the national CCTV strategy board on six key areas .
These are to : develop national standards for the installation and use of CCTV in public space ;
determine training requirements for users and practitioners ;
engage with the public and private sector in determining the need for and potential content of any regulatory framework ;
raise public awareness and understanding of how CCTV operates and how it contributes to tackling crime and increasing public protection ;
review the existing recommendations of the national CCTV strategy and advise the strategy board on implementation , timelines and cost and development of an effective evidence base ;
and promote public awareness of the complaints process and criteria for complaints to the relevant agencies ( for example , Information Commissioner , local authority or private organisation ) or how to deal with complaints relating to technical standards .
The appointment of the Forensic Science Regulator will bring to his CCTV role the expertise , knowledge , and standing he has gained in operating a suitable framework for forensic services .
The role of the Forensic Science Regulator does not involve dealing directly with complaints from the public , or censuring and punishing failures in various government and private sector forensic science laboratories and police forces etc. either . , only in setting overall standards .
He will play a leading role in identifying and helping meet the needs of both users and the public .
While the interim CCTV regulator will not have responsibility for deciding whether individual cameras are appropriately sited or how they are used , he will be able to help explain to the public how they can complain about intrusive or ineffective CCTV placement or usage .
Therefore the CCTV " Regulator " has no power or staff or budget to investigate complaints and abuses , and no veto powers , or criminal sanctions to deploy against CCTV abusers .
So this is not , in fact , an independent Regulator , it is more of a part time official Government propaganda role , to try to fob off any members of the public who might complain .
Part of the process of promoting greater accountability is engaging directly with key stakeholders .
We will shortly be establishing an independent advisory group with representatives from business , CCTV operators , community and third sector groups to monitor and provide direction on implementing the national strategy .
The advisory group will advise the interim CCTV regulator and the national CCTV strategy board .
According to the National CCTV Oversight Body announcement ( .pdf )
The National CCTV Strategy Programme Board is made up of representatives from Association of Chief Police Officers , Home Office , the National Policing Improvement Agency , the Local Government Association , the Ministry of Justice , Information Commissioners Office , British Security Industry Association , Security Industry Authority , Department for Transport , Office of Security & Counter Terrorism , Crown Prosecution Service and the Home Office Scientific Development Branch .
The National Policing Improvement Agency ( NPIA ) is responsible for managing the delivery of the recommendations of the National CCTV Strategy .
None of these public bodies have a good record on the privacy , security or cost effectiveness of CCTV systems , have they ?
These arrangements provide for partnership working at strategic and neighbourhood level .
Through these new arrangements , we intend to ensure that CCTV continues to be an important tool available to communities to help tackle crime and antisocial behaviour .
So why have these people not been properly consulted in previous years , before the massive expansion of intrusive CCTV installations was allowed to take place ?
Note that the Interim Regulator is not even tasked with producing , let alone making public , even an Interim Report , about these alleged " consultations " about CCTV , within his 12 months in office .
Brisbane 's rogue Catholic community and its rebel priest are still thriving almost one year after controversial practices within the church came to a head and its charismatic leader was threatened with excommunication .
In February Archbishop John Bathersby dismissed Father Peter Kennedy from his role at the eclectic inner city parish , St Mary 's South Brisbane , after he refused to change his ways and conform to traditions of the Catholic Church .
Fr Kennedy initially defied his sacking and continued to conduct weekly masses in which he would contradict core tenets of the faith - he allowed women to preach , blessed gay couples , performed illegitimate baptisms and questioned the divinity of Jesus .
After lengthy negotiations between the Church and St Mary's , Fr Kennedy was forced to leave Church property - and it seems most of his congregation have followed .
The group , which now calls itself St Mary 's Community in Exile , holds weekly gatherings in a building only several hundred metres from its old site .
Despite the relocation , little has changed for St Mary's .
At the weekend launch of a book which documents the saga , hundreds turned out to show their support , saying the community is as strong as ever .
And the rebellious Fr Kennedy is still challenging the Church , attracting an audience of about 500 every Sunday .
Fr Kennedy says the Catholic Church is stuck in " medieval times " .
" The Church wants you to pray , pay and obey , " he said .
" They still will not let women , half the world , take a part in the authority of the Church .
" They argue that it 's because Jesus did n't choose women as apostles , and Jesus did n't ordain women at the Last Supper , but it 's just nonsense , it 's just fabricated nonsense .
" And as a woman how could you possibly believe in the virgin birth ?
The virgin birth means that this God up there in the clouds impregnated this virgin Mary .
" Even the concept of God up there in the clouds , watching everything we do and if you step out of line you 're going to hell , has been skittled by modern science . "
He believes the Church is unjust and says its teachings on creation are also outdated .
" The reality is that the Christian religion evolved in a world view of a three - tiered universe - heaven , Earth and hell - where the Earth was thought to be flat , the Earth was the centre of the universe , " he said .
" But we now live in a world where science has shown us we are anything but a three - tiered universe , that has changed the way in which humanity can begin to understand itself .
" The whole business of evolution against God creating the human species ... well I can't believe in the creation and neither can science .
" I think it 's much more wonderful to believe in evolution , it 's such a mystery , it 's so wonderful and it's breathtaking , but that does n't destroy my faith in God - in whatever God is . "
Fr Kennedy still sees himself as a catholic - with a " small c " .
" I see myself as a small ' c ' catholic , meaning inclusive of all people no matter what their gender , denomination or status in life , " he said .
" A lot of people in the census who put themselves down as Catholic would probably consider themselves as small ' c ' catholic rather than Roman Catholic because they no longer come to church at all and they do n't believe what the Church teaches any more . "
Despite his radical " catholic " beliefs , Fr Kennedy believes the Church is in error , not St Mary's .
He says the Church has not been faithful to the Second Vatican Council .
" The Church today ignores the thrust of the Council , which was about engaging with the modern world , " he said .
" We are not engaging with it at all and that 's obvious - people are just walking away from the church - 13 per cent go to mass on a Sunday and in 10 years time it 'll be down to 5 per cent .
" If the Second Vatican Council had been allowed to see the light of day , St Mary 's would have been typical of the Church throughout the world .
" So in many ways the Church has not been faithful to the teachings of a council , and that 's very serious , I think rather the Church is in error . "
' Our beloved heretic '
At the weekend book launch of Peter Kennedy : The Man Who Threatened Rome , Fr Kennedy was referred to as the community 's " beloved heretic " .
Hundreds gathered for the occasion at the West End Uniting Church hall .
Kerry Lawrence , who has been part of St Mary 's for 19 years , says the conflict over the past 12 months has strengthened the community .
" It was very painful for a lot of people but we 're stronger than we were before because we 're more aware of what we are about and what we believe and what we want , " she said .
She says St Mary 's is an open and accepting community .
" We 're not asked to believe anything hard to believe ... people come from all over Brisbane to St Mary 's because there 's not another church like it , " she said .
Michael Kelly , also at the launch , has been with St Mary 's for 18 years and says it is a community which cherishes spirituality .
" It introduces you to a whole host of thinking that you would n't get normally in another parish , " he said .
" There 's a strong link between the community that 's rather unique ... it 's a vibrant one which very much encompasses justice and equality - and people live that and they believe it . "
Allan Allaway has been with St Mary 's for 25 years and says he attended the launch to support Fr Kennedy .
" As far as I 'm concerned he 's been shafted after 30 years of loyal service to the Catholic Church , " he said .
The book was officially launched by The Age journalist and Melbourne author Martin Flannagan , who contributed a biographical piece on Fr Kennedy .
Flannagan says people should meet Fr Kennedy before casting judgement .
" Peter Kennedy is a seriously interesting man - to use a 60s term , he 's out there , " he said .
" I do n't know what name to give the spirit that Peter Kennedy has carried in his life , but it 's pretty obvious to me that he has carried one , and having met him I respect that spirit , and having gone to his church I respect that spirit . "
In his speech , Flannagan said Fr Kennedy had no choice about the path he has taken .
" All of us eventually have to make a stand or lie down before what we think , what we know or what we believe is right or wrong , " he said .
" Would we respect him more if he had adopted ways and manners contrary to those he practiced earlier ?
I certainly would n't , I would think him a man of little inner belief and little inner worth .
" If you believe what you say and do in public you have to stand by it ...
I think he 's a man of his word , someone who stands for something , something which by any objective measure is good . "
After Fr Kennedy 's biography , the book contains a compilation of 11 parishioners ' reflections written by Melbourne writer Michelle Gierck .
Australian Catholic University 's professor of theology Neil Ormerod also contributed to the book , but from a more critical perspective .
Professor Ormerod says Fr Kennedy is quite entitled to his opinions , but that they are not technically Catholic or Christian .
Professor Ormerod particularly critiques Fr Kennedy 's assertion that Jesus is not divine .
" While he 's quite entitled to believe whatever he wants to believe , you can't then claim that what you believe is Christian just because you want it to be , and a number of things he put forward were not Christian positions , " he said .
" This is a theological judgement being made about what is constituent of Catholic faith , it 's not about what people may or may not happen to believe in the pews , but what has been taught and has continued to be taught from the beginning .
" So it 's not just where popular opinion lies , this is what the Church has at various times defined as its core belief . "
Professor Ormerod says Fr Kennedy 's behaviour it is not what the Church would expect from a Catholic priest .
" Lots of people have stood by their beliefs and walked out of the Catholic Church , but it seems to me he has wanted to stand by his beliefs and remain Catholic , which is n't coherent , " he said .
He says the book 's title - The Man Who Threatened Rome - is an overstatement .
" I do n't know that Rome was all that threatened , I think they were just trying to say ' this is n't Catholic ' ...
I think the Church was just protecting its brand , " he said .
" It 's a dispute that hit the media and attracted a lot of media attention , it plays into a lot of prejudices that people have against organised religion .
" The media could portray Peter Kennedy as a little Aussie battler against the big bad bureaucrats , but I do n't think that 's an accurate portrayal . "
' Freedom and joy '
Fr Kennedy believes the Catholic Church is doomed .
" The Church constantly needs to be reformed and they 've missed the boat on Vatican Two to their own detriment , and I do n't think they 're going to recover , " he said .
" What is necessary today is a Vatican Three to look at issues of faith and beliefs , but I do n't think it can or will happen .
" Though Catholics believe all their lives the gates of hell will not prevail against the Church , I think the Church is certainly finished , it 's had it . "
As for St Mary 's , he says its future is irrelevant .
" The prophetic voices of theologians and reformers have always been repressed and persecuted by the Church ... our community is a prophetic community and it got the axe , " he said .
" What 's important is that while we 're still alive , religion is about trying to give meaning to people 's lives , so we might serve a purpose for five years or two years or 10 years - who knows what will happen to this community - but it does n't matter because we 're just a fallible community of people . "
He says the events of the past year have allowed him to see beyond Catholicism .
" Until being dismissed and literally thrown out , it was n't until that actually happened , that I really began to sense a great freedom from the control of the Catholic Church , " he said .
" You always were fearful that if you said something a bit controversial it would be reported to the Archbishop , which is what happened , so there 's a great sense of freedom from that imprisonment . "
He says with that freedom , comes a sense of joy .
" Suddenly I do n't believe any more in the claims of the Catholic Church for being the only way to salvation , and that every other faith and every other denomination is deficient - that 's what the present Pope says - so personally there 's a great sense of freedom and with that comes a sense of joy . "
Colorado Front Range residents are using less water , but some parts of the Western Slope have seen per capita water use explode in the past decade , according to a new state study .
The number of gallons per person used daily in Denver and other South Platte River basin cities decreased 13.6 percent between 2000 and 2008 , to 178 gallons from 206 gallons .
Water use in Colorado Springs and Arkansas River basin communities decreased during that time by 11.2 percent to 190 gallons , down from 214 .
The catch : Population growth still is pushing total water use up — and state officials project shortages .
Residents of western Colorado on average consume more gallons per person each day .
Water use rose to 256 gallons per person in the Colorado River basin , 332 in the Rio Grande , and 236 in the Dolores / San Juan , according to Colorado Water Conservation Board data .
Denver and suburban water suppliers plan to divert more water from mountain rivers on the west side of the Continental Divide , pumping it through tunnels to new and expanded Front Range reservoirs to sustain residential and industrial development .
A federal study based on 2000 census data ranked Colorado ’s average consumption of 240 gallons per person fifth among states , behind Nevada ( 336 ) and Utah ( 293 ) .
The national average was 179 gallons .
The new Colorado Water Conservation Board data indicate wide variations in consumption statewide .
Residents of Pitkin County , home of Aspen , used 1,851 gallons per person each day , the data show , as Elbert County folks used 111 gallons each .
Water analysts attributed the decreasing water use in Front Range cities to conservation programs that create financial incentives .
Denver Water , for example , pays customers up to $ 150 to replace a toilet , shower or washing machine with a newer , more efficient model .
“ Front Range utilities have done a great job at reducing per capita water use .
Everyone ’s individual water use has dramatically decreased , ” said Drew Beckwith , water policy analyst for Western Resource Advocates , a Boulder - based environmental policy and law group .
Still , fewer than 20 percent of Denver Water customers have received rebates .
State planners project population growth will leave Colorado facing severe shortages by mid-century .
Bruce Finley : 303-954-1700 or bfinley@denverpost.com
Morgan Layne Filled To The Max With Cock And Spattered With Cum
“ For people like me who have been studying the Cultural Revolution as a profession , it ’s better than having nothing at all , ” said Xu Youyu , a historian and former researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
“ But the things I want to know are , for example , how many homes the Red Guards had gone to raid and what they took out of each home .
There ’s not a chance of finding those things in these documents .
“ If you air these things out , people may start asking why it happened .
And this is not a question that is directed only at 1966 , but may be turned around and asked about the current situation in China . ”
Yet a picture of Chinese life 40 and 50 years ago does emerge from the archives .
The files , some nearly transparent and thin as one - ply tissue paper , include handwritten drafts of speeches , lists of production quotas , song lyrics , government regulations and minutes of groups that studied Mao ’s words .
The texts embrace the political rhetoric of the day , in which all problems were succinctly rendered into rhyming epithets .
The files apparently have been filtered for anything dealing with deaths and imprisonment , and they describe a country still fervently Communist , and unrecognizable today .
They narrate the story of a country in the throes of madness , when “ Mao Zedong thought ” cured everything from truancy to traffic jams to agricultural chemistry to illegal pigeon sales .
Consider : records from 1972 , taken at a grade school outside Beijing , show that math students were made to sing two revolutionary songs and study and discuss six Mao quotations for 25 minutes of each class .
The remaining few minutes were spent doing math .
In 1967 , a report urged forming special groups at the provincial and city levels to “ use every conceivable means to guarantee production ” each year of 13,000 tons of specially formulated red plastic  required for the covers of Mao ’s “ Little Red Book ” of quotations .
“ The Conference on the Situation of the Special Plastic Used by the Works of Chairman Mao ” proclaimed that producing the plastic was “ our glorious political responsibility . ”
To hold everyone accountable , the conference produced a chart with a month - by - month breakdown of production levels .
[ Haskell - cafe ] Codensity improvement of free monads
On Mon , Jan 25 , 2010 at 7:37 PM , Luke Palmer < lrpalmer at gmail.com > wrote : >
Hello haskell - cafe , > >
I have just read " Asymptotic Improvement of Computations over Free > Monads " by Janis Voigtlander , since I have been working with free > monads a lot recently and do n't want to get hit by their quadratic > performance when I start to care about that .
> >
But after reading the paper , I still do n't really understand how > " improve " actually improves anything .
Can anyone provide a good > explanation for where the work is saved ? >
With a free monad , the structure keeps growing via substitution .
This requires you on each bind to re-traverse the common root of the free monad , which is n't changing in each successive version .
Lets say the size of this accumulated detritus increases by one each time .
Then you will be traversing over 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , ... items to get to the values that you are substituting as you keep binding your free monadic computation .
The area near the root of your structure keeps getting walked over and over , but there is n't any work do to there , the only thing bind can do is substitution , and all the substitution is down by the leaves .
On the other hand , when you have CPS transformed it , at each layer you only have to climb over the 1 item you just added to get to where you apply the next computation .
This only gets better when you are dealing with free monads that provide multiple points for extension : i.e. that grow in a treelike fashion like : data Bin a = Bin a a data Free f a = Return a | Free ( f ( Free f a ) ) data Codensity f a = Codensity ( forall r. ( a -> f r ) -> f r)
If you build the free monad Free Bin , then you will wind up having to walk all the way down to the leaves on each bind , well , modulo demand , that is .
But since it is a free monad , the ' body ' of the tree will never change .
Just the data you are substituting at the leaves .
Codensity ( Free Bin ) lets you only generate the body of the tree once , while your substitutions just get pushed down to the leaves in one pass .
An interesting exercise is to work out why Codensity can change the asymptotics of certain operations over Free Bin , but Density does n't change the asymptotics of anything non-trivial over Cofree Bin for the better .
- Edward Kmett Luke >
_______________________________________________ >
Haskell - Cafe mailing list >
Haskell - Cafe at haskell.org >
http://www.haskell.org/mailman/listinfo/haskell-cafe >
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100125/3be84f5d/attachment.html
The final chapter has been written for the lone bookstore on the streets of Laredo , a city with a population of nearly a quarter - million people that could soon be the largest in the United States without a single bookseller .
The situation is so grim that schoolchildren have pleaded for a reprieve from next month 's planned shutdown of a B Dalton bookstore .
After that , the nearest store will be 241 km away in San Antonio .
The B Dalton store was never a community destination with comfy couches and an espresso bar , but its closing will create a literary void in a city with a high illiteracy rate .
Industry analysts and book associations could not name a larger American city without a single bookseller .
" Corporate America considers Laredo kind of the backwater , " said the city 's most prolific author , Jerry Thompson , a professor at Texas A&M University International who has written more than 20 books .
Many also feel that the stigma of not having a bookstore hurts Laredo 's reputation .
Outsiders , even other Texans , do not always distinguish between " los dos Laredos , " the relatively peaceful city in Texas , and Nuevo Laredo , across the border in Mexico , which has been wracked by drug - war violence .
Since the closing was announced , book lovers in Laredo have flocked to the small store located between City Trendz ( " Laredo's No. 1 Underground Hip Hop Shop " ) and a store that offers $ 4 indoor go - kart rides to stock up on their favorite titles .
Schoolchildren even wrote letters to the parent company , Barnes & Noble , begging for the store to stay open .
" Without that store , my life would be so sad and boring , " wrote a fifth - grader named Bryanna Salinas , who signed her name with a heart .
The Laredo store is among 49 remaining B Daltons that Barnes & Noble will close by next year .
The company believes a bookstore is viable in Laredo and has identified a location for a large - format Barnes & Noble , but the space will not be available for at least 18 months , said David Deason , Barnes & Noble vice president of development .
In the meantime , without a single independent bookseller , Laredo may be in a league of its own among big cities .
Laredo is surrounded by nothing more than rural ranching towns on its side of the border .
Some worry that the closing could send a message that books and reading are not priorities in Laredo , a hot , steamy city of 230,000 that is choked by smog from trucks lining up at the border , which is home to America 's biggest entry point for trucks and trains .
Nearly half of the population of Webb County , which includes Laredo , lacks basic literacy skills , according to the National Center for Education Statistics .
Fewer than one in five city residents has a college degree .
And about 30 percent of the city lives below the poverty level , according to the 2000 census .
Laredo residents can still purchase books online , but civic leaders fear that without a bookstore , many residents will not have the opportunity to buy books .
Some bookstore supporters are undaunted .
Maria Soliz , Laredo Public Library director , is leading the charge to get a bookstore back .
The city 's library system was already planning to open two more branches over the next two years to meet demand .
That 's in addition to the two - story main library painted in bold , Mexican - inspired colours that serves about 400,000 visitors annually .
" It 's not reflective of the city that they 're closing , " Soliz said .
" I know this city can support a bookstore . "
Deason said the Laredo store is profitable , but its profits are not significant when factoring in the expenses of running a chain that 's being phased out .
Bookstore customers tend to be well educated and to have disposable income , said Michael Norris , an analyst with Simba Information .
But that demographic is hardly what makes or breaks the business , he said .
A bookstore is " either the cultural center in its community , or it's a pile of books with a roof over it , " Norris said .
* President says people should decide on issue in referendum
* Decision casts doubt on further aid , EU bid
* PM questions whether president overstepped bounds
* UK says ‘ no ’ in referendum would make Iceland outcast
( Adds reaction from UK minister )
By Omar Valdimarsson
REYKJAVIK , Jan 5 ( Reuters ) - Iceland ’s president rejected a bill to repay Britain and the Netherlands more than $ 5 billion their savers lost when Icelandic banks collapsed , forcing a referendum on the issue and threatening vital economic aid .
President Olafur Grimsson ’s refusal to sign the unpopular Icesave bill into law on Tuesday threw the country into a political crisis and put its hopes of joining the European Union in jeopardy .
The government said a referendum would be held as soon as possible .
The outcome is highly uncertain with opinion polls showing almost 70 percent of voters oppose the bill .
Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir -- who has pushed hard for a deal to repay the two countries money they advanced when British and Dutch savers lost funds in Icelandic accounts -- said her goverment was committed to honouring Iceland ’s debts .
Britain warned that if Icelandic voters rejected the bill , the north Atlantic island with a population of just 350,000 faced financial isolation .
“ The Icelandic people ... would effectively be saying that Iceland does not want to be part of the international financial system , ” Financial Services Minister Paul Myners said .
That would mean losing access to international funding and being shunned as a business counterparty , he said .
The Dutch government said it was “ very disappointed ” and would demand an immediate explanation .
A Finnish official said the president ’s action was likely to delay the next tranche of a 1.8 billion euros ( $ 2.60 billion ) loan from Nordic countries , which is part of a $ 10 billion International Monetary Fund - led package .
Only once in the republic ’s 65 - year history has a president , whose post is largely symbolic , refused to sign a bill into law .
The constitution says the issue must then be put to the public .
“ Now the people have the power and the responsibility in their hands , ” Grimsson said at a news conference .
Nearly a quarter of Icelandic voters , angry at the prospect of paying debts they feel are onerous and unfair , had petitioned him to reject the bill .
Icelandic critics say Britain and the Netherlands are using their EU veto and IMF voting power to bully a small country ’s taxpayers into repaying savers who imprudently poured money into Icesave accounts that offered high interest rates .
CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS ?
The president ’s move plunged the country into fresh political turmoil .
“ We are dealing here with a considerable dilemma and considerable constitutional crisis , the reason being that our constitution is weak and does not spell out clearly the role of the president , ” said Baldur Thorhallsson of the University of Iceland .
Parliament narrowly passed the Icesave bill last last month -- a revised version of an earlier law which Britain and the Netherlands had rejected as unacceptable .
“ This is a big surprise ... it ’s very market negative , ” said Petter Sandgren , head of money markets at SEB .
“ I assume it would affect the IMF package . ”
The cost of insuring Icelandic debt against default was little changed , with five - year credit default swaps at 428 bps after the news , compared with 427 on Monday .
Critics say the bill would lumber Icelanders with an extra debt burden equivalent to 40 percent of gross domestic product or $ 18,000 per citizen , including interest payments .
The government disputes those figures .
Iceland ’s main banks -- Kaupthing , Glitnir and Landsbanki , operator of the high - yield Icesave accounts -- all imploded as the global financial crisis left them unable to service the huge debts run up in the course of a rapid expansion overseas .
The financial meltdown caused trade in the Icelandic currency to collapse and spawned a withering recession that has left the volcanic island nation dependent on IMF - led aid .
The row with Britain and the Netherlands over Icesave held up initial IMF payments and made it difficult for the country to relax exchange controls put in place to shelter the currency .
“ You ca n’t hold a referendum in three days and this issue is pressing .
The IMF will have to put on hold payment of any future tranches of aid until we have a ‘ yes ’ vote , ” Danske Bank analyst Lars Christensen said .
The second review of the IMF - led aid programme is due to take place in the middle of January .
[ ID: nLDE5BK1WQ ]
Few things are less surprising than Pat Robertson making ignorant and offensive comments about the earthquake in Haiti .
As I will explain , I am not sure that attacking him is the best use of anyone ’s time .
Nevertheless he has provoked me to rank my top five things to remember about him — less as a direct response to his comments than as a way to cut though the media frenzy caused by the comments and to address wider issues raised by his career .
Most people know that Robertson interpreted the quake in the context of Haitians who supposedly “ swore a pact to the devil ” during Haiti ’s war for independence from the French .
According to Robertson , they told Satan “ we will serve you if you will get us free . ”
Satan then responded , “ OK , it ’s a deal ” and “ ever since , they have been cursed . ”
Is this worth acknowledging ?
Comments by Robertson that are racist , sexist , arrogant , complacent , misleading , and / or embarrassing are like a bus : if you miss one today , there will be another tomorrow .
Those who stir the pot by writing “ can you believe he said that ! ” do not always seem to grasp that Robertson makes such comments continually .
The question is when and why a larger public tunes in and makes an issue of it — and who benefits if they do .
Often it is Robertson who benefits , and a ritual of liberals mocking him actually strengthens his subculture .
Susan Harding ’s Book of Jerry Falwell : Fundamentalist Language and Politics ( Princeton U. Press , 2001 ) shows how leaders of the New Christian Right ( NCR ) purposefully hone a rhetoric that creates “ gaps ” of credibility for listeners .
Such gaps continually challenge people who are tempted by NCR rhetoric to reaffirm loyalty to their leaders — and by extension to burn bridges that could change them from believers to skeptical outsiders .
The more outrageous the gaps , the more that reaffirming loyalty in the face of them allows conservatives to maintain their self - image as misunderstood and persecuted .
Thus they can discount Robertson ’s flaws within frames like “ the sincere leader with feet of clay ” ( who , like King David , models repentance and rehabilitation ) or the “ truth - teller quoted out of context ” ( who , like Christ , will triumph in the end . )
Meanwhile , beyond an NCR subculture , sensational images of Robertson as a fringe figure — an extreme loose cannon — underplay continuities between him and mainstream conservatives , making allies with roughly similar ideas seem like lesser evils .
So I wondered whether to acknowledge Robertson ’s latest provocation .
It bores me , and I feel cheapened even to think about it as I worry about one of my students who has not yet returned from a mission trip to Haiti .
When I needed a religion - oriented news tidbit to pique student interests , I did not seriously consider Robertson above Brit Hume ’s suggestion that Tiger Woods should convert to Christianity , since Buddhism does not “ offer the kind of forgiveness and redemption ” he needs .
Still I could not resist clicking on a list of Robertson ’s top ten greatest gaffes that I found in the blogosphere .
It was amusing to ponder the rankings .
Does Robertson ’s feat of leg - pressing 2000 pounds ( thanks to the diet shakes he was selling ) deserve first place ?
Does his blaming 9/11 on LGBTs merit only fourth place ?
How can we forget Robertson praying for the deaths of liberal Supreme Court Justices ?
Pondering such matters led me to a comment thread about Robertson on Salon .
Amid the predictable responses ( much hateful mocking , a few claims that he was quoted out of context , and conflations of his Christianity with “ religion ” at large ) there was a challenge to non-Robertsonite Christians : Given that ordinary Muslims are incessantly challenged to repudiate Osama bin Laden , why are n’t liberal Christians under similar pressure to repudiate Robertson ?
I ’ll take that bait .
An ongoing aspect of my life — one of its taken - for - granted background assumptions — is repudiating people like Robertson .
( I suppose most Muslims would say analogous things . )
I have written many articles attacking the NCR or pressing liberals to be less wishy - washy in distancing themselves from him , and I wrote a book with a section on the NCR that ends with this reaction to a conservative leader from a radical Nicaraguan priest : “ I do not see how we have the same faith ; we do not believe in the same Christ . ”
Still , I do worry about attacking Robertson in ways that help rather than hurt him .
So here is my own “ top ten ” list — except that it stops at five , and it spins the morals of its story differently from a standard “ let ’s mock Pat for being clueless ” approach .
Feel free to suggest five more in comments .
5 ) Robertson plays his part in the Iran - Contra scandal .
During the Central American civil wars of the 1980s , Robertson helped fund “ cities of refuge ” in Guatemala ( what were called “ strategic hamlets ” in Vietnam ) , and camps for Nicaraguan Contras .
Though trivial in scale compared to the policies of Bush and Cheney , allies of Reagan , funded illegally through the Iran - Contra connection and related schemes , were carrying out sadistic massacres in parts of countries they considered to be too leftist .
Congressional Democrats were trying to stop the violence ; which is what led Reagan , Oliver North , and others to develop illegal channels .
Robertson cheerfully presented his piece of this puzzle as an opportunity for Christian mission .
He even appeared on camera , with no apparent shame , to pray with Contra troops .
The moral : Since we already knew how Robertson is willing to stretch the law when he feels he has a divine mandate , we merely note this in passing — but we pause to recall the depths of criminality among Reagan ’s operatives , and to reflect on how many from this cohort could have been prosecuted for activities related to the Iran - Contra scandal .
4 ) Robertson fuses with News Corp .
Robertson built what was once the nation ’s fourth - largest television network — partly through claiming tax breaks as a religious ministry .
Then he cashed in when Rupert Murdoch acquired what was then known as The Family Channel .
This story has two morals :
The first is that Fox News and Robertson ’s “ news ” deserve about the same degree of respect from journalists .
Second , critics have raised questions about the legality of financial transactions related to Robertson ’s business empire .
Although at this point there ’s no way to determine how well these accusations would hold up in court , we can easily imagine more diligent investigations .
3 ) Robertson becomes a leading presidential candidate .
In the 1988 presidential primaries , Robertson was the early Republican front - runner — a classic case dramatizing his centrality to the NCR and the NCR ’s centrality to the Republican Party .
The moral of this story is not to retell embarrassing campaign anecdotes , but to bear in mind that NCR leaders have worked with considerable success to take over the Republican Party .
In With God on Their Side ( New Press , 2004 ) , Esther Kaplan estimated that in 2002 the NCR dominated the Republican organizations of eighteen states and controlled at least a quarter of Republican committees in forty - four states .
True , this does not eliminate a tug - of - war among the NCR , neoconservatives , and old - time Wall Street Republicans .
However , the image of Robertson as president is a good way to focus our attention on how non-Robertsonite Republicans are in bed with the NCR .
Here again we can catch this “ bus ” whenever we wish to ride it .
2 ) Robertson publishes an anti-Semitic screed and neo-conservative allies yawn .
Robertson ’s 1991 book , The New World Order , recycled anti-Semitic conspiracy theories reminiscent of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion and stated that George Bush Sr. was part of a conspiracy to institute “ an occult - inspired world socialist dictatorship ” ( through his work with the United Nations in the first Gulf War ) .
This caused few of Robertson ’s neoconservative allies to break with him in any decisive way — although one former neocon , Michael Lind , denounced him in a major exposé in the New York Review of Books .
Moral of the story : I rank this second because it overlaps with the third , but the non-Robertsonite conservatives in the second at least have a fig leaf of an alibi .
They beat back Robertson ’s 1988 charge and have engaged in related scrimmages ever since .
However , I see no such alibi for looking the other way as Robertson made anti-Semitic smears ( plus similar attacks on New Agers , feminists , Muslims , and others ) and absurd claims about global politics .
More than the 1988 campaign ( or the subsequent partnership of his lieutenant in this campaign , Ralph Reed , in the criminal schemes of Jack Abramoff ) this case dramatizes the moral bankruptcy of alliances between the NCR and neoconservative power brokers .
1 ) The top of my list revealed :
What could top such a list ?
Since we ’re on the subject of disasters , we might note how , amid the response to Hurricane Katrina , FEMA hyped Robertson ’s philanthropic arm , Operation Blessing .
This organization is small and unorthodox at best , and has been accused of various irregularities .
Yet early in the crisis it appeared on a FEMA list of just three places to donate , alongside the Red Cross .
If we compare these groups ’ track records , this is like addressing a food crisis by listing Joe ’s Diner alongside a giant supermarket chain — if Joe ’s Diner were under suspicion of money laundering .
In effect , these high - profile appeals were a case of FEMA using the Katrina disaster , deliberately or through incompetence , as a pretext to give Robertson a windfall of cash .
This is a clear contender for the top ten list , though it does n’t make today ’s because it ’s just possible that Robertson did some good in New Orleans , just as it ’s possible that he is doing some good in Haiti now .
My actual top pick is Robertson ’s casual contempt for , and celebration of outright rebellion against , US government leaders — including imaginative scenarios for armed munity .
It is well known that end - times scenarios ( such Robertson ’s attack on the UN in The New World Order ) often teach unilateralism .
However , they only reinforce commitments to democracy insofar as US leaders are seen as biblically sound .
If leaders are seen as capitulating to the Antichrist , it becomes the believer ’s duty to deceive and disobey them by any means necessary , including armed resistance .
In Robertson ’s End of the Age ( a book that restates his argument from The New World Order in the form of a novel ) , a heroic Christian general lies to the president and secedes from the United States with several nuclear bases .
The moral : Robertson may never again be a major politician , and when he sold out to Rupert Murdoch he gave up some of his power to shape the news .
But he still helps form the imaginations of the students at his university and the viewers of his show , and in this role he often channels their hopes and fears into imagining holy wars — scenarios in which believers escalate their commitments into armed struggles against liberals and sectors of the US government .
This is the level at which Robertson ’s influence remains most disturbing .
Let ’s be clear that merely conducting thought experiments — imagining how the United States could disintegrate into a war between the righteous and unrighteous — is not necessarily a problem .
Many kinds of legitimate dissent and hopes for the future can be channeled through prophetic images .
Some of these are harmless or even constructive .
Still , the more that these thoughts point toward the sorts of actions that Robertson seems to consider appropriate , the more disturbing they are ; bordering on what ordinary people might perceive as treason .
On most days I suspect that Robertson is engaged in a split consciousness at this point .
Just as he may say that he doubts evolution ( in one compartment of his brain ) while accepting the science of vaccinations against evolving bacteria ( in another compartment ) , likewise he probably brackets certain ideas about Satan ’s activities in Haiti or the Antichrist ’s role at the UN from “ reality - based ” evidence .
This is one check against us becoming excessively alarmed .
Another is to recall that there are also liberal versions of imagining warfare — such as people who fantasize about being Na’vi warriors as they surf the internet in the suburbs .
It is no more inevitable that Left Behind fans will move to survivalist compounds and begin paramilitary training to battle the UN than that Avatar fans will give up their iPods and clothes and move to a rain forest .
Still , even if we discount Robertson ’s extreme expressions of disloyalty ( imagining the president as Satan , praying for the death of Supreme Court Justices ) as harmless free speech , are these not remarkable simply at the level of imagination and hate speech ?
What if secular leftists or radical Muslims were to advocate similar scenarios of armed struggle or to use similar hate speech ?
What if they controlled television networks and were leading presidential candidates ?
Would federal prosecutors and mainstream news networks tolerate such behavior ?
Is it not remarkable that we take such things for granted from Robertson ?
As a wise media critic once said , “ it ’s a joke , but it ’s not that funny . ”
Mike Groll / Associated Press
Bill Owens became the second of two new Democratic congressmen in the House of Representatives early Friday afternoon , as he was officially sworn in after a raucous special election in New York ’s 23rd district .
Both Mr. Owens and California ’s former Lt. Gov. John Garamendi , who was sworn in on Thursday , lend two critical votes for the Democrats ’ much - desired 218 tally required to pass the health care bill this weekend .
Harry Hamburg / Associated Press
Mr. Owens defeated Douglas Hoffman , a candidate on the Conservative Party line in upstate New York , after conservatives rallied around him against the Republican , Dede Scozzafava , who dropped out .
He replaces John McHugh , a Republican , who was selected by President Obama to become secretary of the Army .
Mr. Garamendi replaced Ellen Tauscher , the California congresswoman who became an undersecretary in the State Department .
The House membership is now at 435 representatives .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Some New Yorkers may want to reconsider exclaiming " Thank God " when arriving at their destination subway station beginning Monday .
A coalition of atheist groups will place ads in New York subway stations next week .
Or at least that 's what a coalition of eight atheist organizations are hoping , having purchased a month - long campaign that will place their posters in a dozen busy subway stations throughout Manhattan .
The advertisements ask the question , written simply over an image of a blue sky with wispy white clouds : " A million New Yorkers are good without God . Are you ? "
On October 26 , a dozen bustling New York City subway stations will be adorned with the ads as " part of a coordinated multi-organizational advertising campaign designed to raise awareness about people who do n't believe in a god " , according to a statement from the group , the Big Apple Coalition of Reason .
New York City 's subway system is one of the busiest in the world with more than 5 million riders per day and more than 1.6 billion total passengers in 2008 , according to the Metro Transit Authority .
Recognizing this , the Big Apple Coalition of Reason decided the " best bang for the buck " was to place posters in popular subway stations to capitalize on the amount of potential viewers , says Michael De Dora Jr. , executive director of the New York Center for Inquiry , one of the associated atheist groups .
De Dora says the ambitions behind the advertisements are threefold .
First , the coalition hopes the promotion will enhance awareness of New York City 's secular community .
He explained that the coalition also hopes to encourage " talking and thinking about religion and morality , " as well as support involvement in groups that encourage a sense of a social community for non-believing New Yorkers .
John Rafferty , president of the Secular Humanist Society of New York , another member group of the coalition , said the ads are in no way an anti-religious campaign .
They are looking to reach out to more people who have similar feelings , but might not be aware of an outlet to express their beliefs , he said .
Rafferty and De Dora cite the American Religious Identification Survey , released earlier this year , as evidence of a shift away from organized religion .
Those checking " none " for religion rose from 8 percent of the population in 1990 to 15 percent in 2008 , effectively making " no religion " the fastest growing religious identification in the United States .
De Dora said that the " million " New York nonbelievers mentioned in the advertisements is the result of an extrapolation based on the survey 's findings .
With more than 8 million residents living in New York 's five boroughs , the organization projects more than a million potential atheist New Yorkers .
De Dora said individuals " do n't need religion to be good people and productive members of society " and ultimately he feels that groups of nonbelievers are " adding to cultural life of NYC . "
The United Coalition of Reason , which is a national organization that helps local groups advocate atheist ideas , approached the New York nonbeliever associations in August with an offer of a donation from an anonymous source to help pay for the subway station ad campaign .
The donation amount was for exactly $ 25,000 and specifically allocated for the subway advertising promotion .
Rafferty says the groups involved expect no substantial backlash over their ads .
Since news of the campaign was made public early this week " reaction has been mixed , " De Dora said .
He emphasizes that the Big Apple Coalition of Reason ads are not " forcing issues , they 're just getting ideas out there , " with the hope of fostering discussion in New York .
The ads are " not poking fun at religion and not being outright nasty , " he said .
A year ago some unease was caused by advertisements that ran inside subway cars promoting Islam .
While the ads themselves were n't controversial , they were partially funded by an imam of a Brooklyn mosque who served a character witness for convicted 1993 World Trade Center bombing mastermind Sheikh Omar Abdel - Rahman .
In a statement to CNN , Metro Transit Authority spokesman Aaron Donovan said , " The MTA maintains basic advertising guidelines with prohibitions on nudity , four - letter words , and the like .
Beyond that , to accord with the First Amendment , our advertising guidelines are written so as to not prohibit the free exercise of religion or abridge the freedom of speech . "
According to the Big Apple Coalition of Reason in their statement , the New York City campaign is just one component of a " nationwide effort " by the United Coalition of Reason that will see billboards and postings in transit systems across the United States .
All About New York City Subway • New York City • World Trade Center
My thoughts , and eventual code , concerning a Database centric backup system .
The database would track all backups at the file level , keeping a copy of all files needed to do a complete restore of a system , or a subset of those files if desired .
NO WAY TO RUN A GOVERNMENT ….
We learned a few weeks ago that the Senate wants to confirm President Obama ’s nominee to head the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) — a seemingly important post when terrorists are trying to blow up American passenger airplanes — but ca n’t .
A majority would confirm the nominee , but a right - wing senator ( Jim DeMint ) wo n’t let the chamber vote .
This is playing out throughout the government .
The president has also nominated a variety of well - qualified officials to fill key posts in the Treasury Department , including positions with jurisdiction over tax policy and international finance .
Their nominations would be approved if the Senate were allowed to vote on them , but Senate Minority Whip Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) wo n’t let confirmation votes happen .
It ’s creating something of an easily - avoided , indefensible crisis .
Annie Lowrey has this report :
Congressional dithering on nominees is , in and of itself , nothing new … .
But President Barack Obama ’s first year has brought an unusual number of holds , and on unusually prominent positions .
One year into the Bush administration , there were 70 appointees awaiting confirmation .
One year into the Obama administration , there are 177 .
And dozens of those holds are directly affecting the agencies responsible for the United States ’ security and foreign policy , amid two wars and an amped - up terrorism threat .
The United States has no ambassador to Ethiopia , no head of the Office of Legal Counsel , no director at the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development , no agricultural trade representative .
Indeed , the TSA spot was n’t the only one left empty when it was most needed .
For instance , during the worst of the Honduran constitutional crisis , in June , the United States had no assistant undersecretary for the Western Hemisphere — the position responsible for coordinating the response of the United States ’ policymakers for South America .
Sen. Jim DeMint , a Republican from South Carolina , had slapped a hold on Georgetown University professor and longtime diplomat Arturo Valenzuela to protest the Obama administration ’s relations with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and its response to Honduras .
In the midst of a global financial crisis , Treasury Department offices sit empty because Senate Republicans have holds on nominations .
In midst of a terrorist threat , a variety of a national security posts remain unfilled because Senate Republicans have holds on nominations .
Most of the time , the far - right senators blocking the process are n’t even especially concerned about nominees themselves , but have some larger point to make .
In perhaps the most breathtakingly stupid example of 2009 , Sen. Jim Bunning ( R - Ky . ) blocked an important U.S. trade representative for months because he was worried about Canadians ’ ability to buy candy - flavored cigarettes .
A functioning democracy simply can’t operate this way and expect to perform as it should .
But Republicans do it anyway , in large part because they realize the public wo n’t hear about this , and there will be no electoral consequences for their recklessness .
Americans scrapped 4 million more cars and trucks last year than they purchased , the first significant drop in the U.S. auto fleet in more than four decades , according to a new report .
The United States scrapped 14 million vehicles last year while buying only 10 million new ones , dropping the nation 's fleet from an all - time high of 250 million to 246 million , according to the Earth Policy Institute .
Lester Brown , the author of the report , said the drop -- the first significant shrinkage the U.S. fleet has seen since record - keeping began in 1960 -- represents a " cultural shift away from the car " and estimated the fleet size will continue to recede during the next decade .
He estimated the fleet could shrink a total of 10 percent by 2020 .
" No one knows how many cars will be sold in the years ahead , but given the many forces at work , U.S. car sales may never again reach the 17 million that were sold each year between 1999 and 2007 , " Brown said .
" Sales seem more likely to remain between 10 million and 14 million per year . "
The report comes one day after the automakers posted sales numbers for December , a month that showed a small but significant uptick in sales and brought a close to what has been one of the worst years in the history of the industry .
Brown said this summer 's federal Cash for Clunkers program , which paid Americans to scrap old cars and trucks for newer , more fuel - efficient ones , played only a small role in the downward trend because it accounted for roughly 700,000 cars .
" It has an effect but a minor one , " he said .
Instead , Brown attributed the drop to a number of other factors and stressed that it was being driven by more than just the current economic recession , which is widely seen as the major cause of the recent sales slump that has plagued the auto industry .
Among the reasons cited in the report were market saturation caused by more registered vehicles than licensed drivers , economic and environmental concerns , and a shift away from the importance and prestige of the automobile in the youth culture .
" Perhaps the most fundamental social trend affecting the future of the automobile is the declining interest in cars among young people , " Brown said .
" Many of today 's young people living in a more urban society learn to live without cars .
They socialize on the Internet and on smart phones , not in cars . "
Assuming the fleet downsizing continues , Brown said it would cut long - term oil demand and greenhouse gas emissions from the transportation sector , which currently accounts for roughly a third of U.S. emissions .
He said it could also lead to increases in steel supplies as big cars get recycled and fewer are produced .
He said the trend will also decrease the need to build new roads and highways , and that fewer cars and trucks on the road would cut maintenance and repair costs , as well as decrease demand for parking lots and parking garages .
" As this evolution proceeds , it will affect virtually every facet of life , " Brown said .
The report was based on data from the Transportation Department 's Federal Highway Administration and was compiled with the help of R.L. Polk & Co. , an automotive research and consulting firm .
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Here are some of the books that I regularly recommend ...
Feeling Good , The New Mood Therapy , by David Burns .
The best book out there on what cognitive behavioral therapy is , how it works and how to use it to improve self - esteem and your mood .
The Verbally Abusive Relationship , by Patricia Evans .
How to recognize verbal abuse ( you might be surprised ) and how to respond in a non-defensive , self - respectful manner .
Too Good to Leave , Too Bad to Stay , by Mira Kirshenbaum .
A clear step - by - step guide to help decide whether to stay in or get out of your relationship .
Controlling People , also by Patricia Evans .
How to recognize , understand , and deal with people who try to control you .
It 's not about assigning blame , it 's about taking responsibility .
Codependent No More , by Melodie Beattie .
How to stop controlling others and start caring for yourself .
Stop Walking On Eggshells , by Paul Mason & Randi Kreger .
Taking your life back when someone you care about has Borderline Personality Disorder .
Getting the Love You Want , by Harville Hendrix .
A guide for couples to understand why we choose the people we marry and , if you are ready to work at it , how to build a " passionate friendship . "
Do n't Sweat the Small Stuff , ( and it 's all small stuff ) , by Richard Carlson .
A classic little book with a big message .
Looking to help the KDE community and living in Southern California ?
Then this is a great opportunity for you !
The Southern California Linux Expo will be in town February 20 - 21 , 2010 , at the Westin Hotel near LAX .
All you need to help out is to be willing and able to be there and be a user of KDE 's applications , such as the Plasma Workspaces , Amarok and Koffice .
The booth will need to be staffed from 9 am - 6 pm .
The great news is that you will get into SCALE for free , and because you will not need to be at the booth the whole show , you can take time to check out the talks or visit other booths .
If you are interested please contact Aaron Johnson or the KDE promo mailinglist .
The GOP will soon disappear as a party , Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla . ) claimed last night .
Speaking to HLN's Joy Behar , Grayson said the battle between moderates and conservative Republicans will send the party off a cliff .
" I think we 're witnessing the disintegration of a major political party , " Grayson said .
" Something that happens only about once a century . "
Grayson pointed to the showdown in NY - 23 as evidence that " the tea baggers are no longer obeying the corporate pay masters . "
“ The shortest answer is doing . ” – Lord Herbert
By Leo Babauta
Too often we get stuck in inaction — the quagmire of doubt and perfectionism and distractions and planning that stops us from moving forward .
And while I ’m no proponent of a whirling buzz of activity , I also believe people get lost in the distractions of the world and lose sight of what ’s important , and how to actually accomplish their Something Amazing .
And so today I ’d like to humbly present a few little rules of action — just some small reminders , things I ’ve found useful but by no means invented , common - sense stuff that is often not common enough .
1 . Do n’t overthink .
Too much thinking often results in getting stuck , in going in circles .
Some thinking is good — it ’s good to have a clear picture of where you ’re going or why you ’re doing this — but do n’t get stuck thinking .
Just do .
2. Just start .
All the planning in the world will get you nowhere .
You need to take that first step , no matter how small or how shaky .
My rule for motivating myself to run is : Just lace up your shoes and get out the door .
The rest takes care of itself .
3. Forget perfection .
Perfectionism is the enemy of action .
Kill it , immediately .
You ca n’t let perfect stop you from doing .
You can turn a bad draft into a good one , but you ca n’t turn no draft into a good draft .
So get going .
4 . Do n’t mistake motion for action .
A common mistake .
A fury of activity does n’t mean you ’re doing anything .
When you find yourself moving too quickly , doing too many things at once , this is a good reminder to stop .
Slow down .
Focus .
5. Focus on the important actions .
Clear the distractions .
Pick the one most important thing you must do today , and focus on that .
Exclusively .
When you ’re done with that , repeat the process .
6 . Move slowly , consciously .
Be deliberate .
Action does n’t need to be done fast .
In fact , that often leads to mistakes , and while perfection is n’t at all necessary , neither is making a ridiculous amount of mistakes that could be avoided with a bit of consciousness .
7 . Take small steps .
Biting off more than you can chew will kill the action .
Maybe because of choking , I dunno .
But small steps always works .
Little tiny blows that will eventually break down that mountain .
And each step is a victory , that will compel you to further victories .
8. Negative thinking gets you nowhere .
Seriously , stop doing that .
Self doubt ?
The urge to quit ?
Telling yourself that it ’s OK to be distracted and that you can always get to it later ?
Squash those thoughts .
Well , OK , you can be distracted for a little bit , but you get the idea .
Positive thinking , as corny as it sounds , really works .
It ’s self - talk , and what we tell ourselves has a funny habit of turning into reality .
9 . Meetings are n’t action .
This is a common mistake in management .
They hold meetings to get things done .
Meetings , unfortunately , almost always get in the way of actual doing .
Stop holding those meetings !
10 .
Talking ( usually ) is n’t action .
Well , unless the action you need to take is a presentation or speech or something .
Or you ’re a television broadcaster .
But usually , talking is just talking .
Communication is necessary , but do n’t mistake it for actual action .
11 . Planning is n’t action .
Sure , you need to plan .
Do it , so you ’re clear about what you ’re doing .
Just do it quickly , and get to the actual action as quickly as you can .
12 . Reading about it is n’t action .
You ’re reading an article about action .
Ironic , I know .
But let this be the last one .
Now get to work !
13 . Sometimes , inaction is better .
This might be the most ironic thing on the list , but really , if you find yourself spinning your wheels , or you find you ’re doing more harm than good , rethink whether the action is even necessary .
Or better yet , do this from the beginning — is it necessary ?
Only do the action if it is .
By Rady Ananda
In what is being described as the first ever and most comprehensive study of the effects of genetically modified foods on mammalian health , researchers have linked organ damage with consumption of Monsanto ’s GM maize .
Three varieties of Monsanto ’s GM corn – Mon 863 , insecticide - producing Mon 810 , and Roundup® herbicide - absorbing NK 603 – were approved for consumption by US , European and several other national food safety authorities .
The data used for this approval , ironically , is the same data that independent researchers studied to make the organ damage link .
The Committee of Independent Research and Information on Genetic Engineering ( CRIIGEN ) and Universities of Caen and Rouen obtained Monsanto ’s confidential raw data of its 2002 feeding trials on rats after a European court made it public in 2005 .
The data “ clearly underlines adverse impacts on kidneys and liver , the dietary detoxifying organs , as well as different levels of damages to heart , adrenal glands , spleen and haematopoietic system , ” reported Gilles - Eric Séralini , a molecular biologist at the University of Caen .
Although different levels of adverse impact on vital organs were noticed between the three GMOs , the 2009 research shows specific effects associated with consumption of each , differentiated by sex and dose .
Their December 2009 study appears in the International Journal of Biological Sciences ( IJBS ) .
This latest study conforms with a 2007 analysis by CRIIGEN on Mon 863 , published in Environmental Contamination and Toxicology , using the same data .
Monsanto rejected the 2007 conclusions , stating :
“ The analyses conducted by these authors are not consistent with what has been traditionally accepted for use by regulatory toxicologists for analysis of rat toxicology data . ”
[ Also see Doull J , Gaylor D , Greim HA , et al .
“ Report of an expert panel on the reanalysis by Séralini et al. ( 2007 ) of a 90 - day study conducted by Monsanto in support of the safety of a genetically modified corn variety ( MON 863 ) . ” Food Chem Toxicol .
2007 ; 45:2073-2085 . ]
In an email to me , Séralini explained that their study goes beyond Monsanto ’s analysis by exploring the sex - differentiated health effects on mammals , which Doull , et al. ignored :
“ Our study contradicts Monsanto conclusions because Monsanto systematically neglects significant health effects in mammals that are different in males and females eating GMOs , or not proportional to the dose .
This is a very serious mistake , dramatic for public health .
This is the major conclusion revealed by our work , the only careful reanalysis of Monsanto crude statistical data . ”
Other problems with Monsanto ’s conclusions
When testing for drug or pesticide safety , the standard protocol uses three mammalian species .
The subject studies only used rats , yet won GMO approval in more than a dozen nations .
Chronic problems are rarely discovered in 90 days ; most often such tests run for up to two years .
Tests “ lasting longer than three months give more chances to reveal metabolic , nervous , immune , hormonal or cancer diseases , ” wrote Seralini , et al. in their Doull rebuttal .
[ See “ How Subchronic and Chronic Health Effects can be Neglected for GMOs , Pesticides or Chemicals . ”
IJBS ; 2009 ; 5(5):438-443 . ]
Further , Monsanto ’s analysis compared unrelated feeding groups , muddying the results .
The June 2009 rebuttal explains , “ In order to isolate the effect of the GM transformation process from other variables , it is only valid to compare the GMO … with its isogenic non-GM equivalent . ”
The researchers conclude that the raw data from all three GMO studies reveal novel pesticide residues will be present in food and feed and may pose grave health risks to those consuming them .
They have called for “ an immediate ban on the import and cultivation of these GMOs and strongly recommend additional long - term ( up to two years ) and multi-generational animal feeding studies on at least three species to provide true scientifically valid data on the acute and chronic toxic effects of GM crops , feed and foods . ”
Human health , of course , is of primary import to us , but ecological effects are also in play .
Ninety - nine percent of GMO crops either tolerate or produce insecticide .
This may be the reason we see bee colony collapse disorder and massive butterfly deaths .
If GMOs are wiping out Earth ’s pollinators , they are far more disastrous than the threat they pose to humans and other mammals .
Further Reading
Health Risks of GM Foods , Jeffrey M. Smith
Failure to Yield : Evaluating the Performance of Genetically Engineered Crops , Union of Concerned Scientists
Impacts of Genetically Engineered Crops on Pesticide Use : The First Thirteen Years , The Organic Center
Published in the March issue of Z Magazine .
CAIRO  Iran announced Wednesday that it had test - fired an improved version of its most advanced missile , one capable of reaching Israel and parts of Europe , a move that appeared aimed at discouraging a military attack on its nuclear sites and to defy Western pressure over its nuclear program .
But the Pentagon said the test , on Tuesday , did not reveal anything “ particularly different ” about Iran ’s abilities .
“ I ’m not going to get into the particulars of what our intelligence shows other than to say I do n’t think there was anything here that was particularly different than what we ’ve seen in the past , ” said Geoff Morrell , the Pentagon press secretary , Reuters reported .
Still , the announcement provoked immediate rebukes from the White House and leaders in Europe , and appeared likely to intensify pressure from the United States and other Western powers to impose tougher economic sanctions on Iran .
Unveiling the true face
of Betelgeuse
DR EMILY BALDWIN
ASTRONOMY NOW
Posted : July 29 , 2009
Using state of the art imaging techniques , astronomers have revealed a vast plume of gas and gigantic bubbles boiling on the surface of Orion 's supergiant star Betelgeuse .
The new observation , the first of its kind , will provide important clues to help explain how these behemoths shed material at such an impressive rate .
State of the art observations reveal a vast plume of gas almost as large as our Solar System , and a gigantic bubble boiling on its surface .
This artist 's impression includes a scale in terms of the radius of Betelgeuse and the scale of the Solar System .
Image : ESO / L. Calçada .
Betelgeuse rides on the shoulder of the constellation known as Orion the Hunter .
At 1,000 times the size of our Sun it is one of the biggest stars known and also one of the most luminous , emitting more light than 100,000 Suns put together .
But such mightiness comes at a cost , for Betelgeuse will meet its fate in a spectacular supernova explosion at an age of only a few million years .
Giant stars like Betelgeuse shed the equivalent mass of the Earth every year , but the mechanism of how they do so is poorly understood .
" We know relatively well how much mass supergiants loose , and how it ends up in the interstellar medium as planetary nebulae , " Pierre Kervella of the Paris Observatory tells Astronomy Now .
" However , the mechanism of this mass loss is currently poorly understood , i.e. how physically the material escapes the gravitational field of the star . "
Two teams of astronomers used ESO 's Very Large Telescope to take steps closer to finding the answer .
The first team used the adaptive optics instruments NACO , combined with the " lucky imaging " technique to obtain the sharpest view of the giant star ever obtained .
Lucky imaging combines only the sharpest exposures to form an image much clearer than a single long exposure would provide .
The resulting images have a resolution as fine as 37 milli- arcseconds , which is roughly the size of a tennis ball on the International Space Station , as seen from the ground .
Orion is easily recognisable by the three stars that make up the Hunter 's belt , with red Betelgeuse riding on the Hunter 's shoulder , indicated by the marker ( left image ) .
Zooming in on Betelgeuse ( middle ) and the sharpest ever image of this supergiant star ( right ) was obtained with NACO on ESO ’s Very Large Telescope .
Image : ESO , P.Kervella , Digitized Sky Survey 2 and A. Fujii .
" Thanks to these outstanding images , we have detected a large plume of gas extending into space from the surface of Betelgeuse , " says team leader Kervella .
The plume extends out to a distance at least six times the diameter of the star , corresponding to the distance between the Sun and Neptune .
The images show that the whole outer shell of the star is not shedding material evenly in all directions .
Kervella suggests two possible mechanisms for the asymmetry , associated with either large scale gas motions caused by heating , or because of the star 's rotation .
" We think that convection at the surface , or the star 's rotation can create sufficient momentum to eject the gas into space , " he says .
" The exact mechanism is however unknown for the moment .
The convection is caused by vertical motion of material in the star .
When it reaches the surface , it still has a significant vertical velocity , that can be sufficient to escape the star . "
Kervella also suggests that despite Betelgeuse 's slow rotation – it has a period of about 17 years – it might have a hot spot at its poles that would create additional pressure on the gas , forcing it into space .
" Our observations are the first to establish a link between the surface of the star and its envelope , " he says .
" This is clearly a step towards a good comprehension of the mass loss mechanism for evolved stars . "
A close look at Betelgeuse obtained with the NACO adaptive optics instrument on ESO ’s Very Large Telescope .
The image is based on data obtained in the near - infrared , through different filters .
The field of view is about half an arcsecond wide , with north up and east left .
Image : ESO and P. Kervella .
To probe Betelgeuse in even greater detail , Keiichi Ohnaka from the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy in Germany and colleagues used the AMBER instrument on ESO ’s Very Large Telescope Interferometer to obtain images equivalent to those taken with a 48 - metre telescope .
This provided even greater detail than the NACO images , equivalent to seeing a marble on the International Space Station from the ground .
" Our AMBER observations are the sharpest observations of any kind ever made of Betelgeuse , " says Ohnaka .
" Moreover , we detected how the gas is moving in different areas of Betelgeuse ’s surface the first time this has been done for a star other than the Sun .
" Ohnaka 's unrivalled observations show that the gas in Betelgeuse 's atmosphere is bouncing vigorously up and down in bubbles that are as large as the supergiant star itself , and could be responsible for the ejection of the massive plume into space .
Kervella tells Astronomy
Now that the behaviour seen at Betelgeuse could represent that at other red supergiant stars .
" Many others have similar or even more extreme properties , so it is reasonable to expect similar properties in other stars , " he says .
" Betelgeuse has the advantage of being the nearest star of this kind . "
Because of its proximity to Earth , when the star does go supernova it will be clearly visible with the unaided eye , even in daylight .
Betelgeuse also stole the show last month with the discovery that its core was shrinking , perhaps indicating the onset of a new phase of its evolution .
See our news story and the August issue of Astronomy Now magazine for further information .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The ongoing political turmoil in a major Pakistani city to which few Americans pay much attention could nevertheless prove pivotal to the Obama administration ’s AfPak project .
Ten more functionaries from various parties were assassinated in the southern Pakistani port city of Karachi on Sunday , on top of the three dozen killed from Thursday through Saturday .
Many of those killed have been from the MQM ( Muhajir Qaumi Movement ) , the dominant party in Karachi , which maintains a disciplined and well armed urban militia .
Although the situation is murky , this violence appears to be the manifestation of an intense struggle between the MQM and the ruling Pakistan People ’s party , which controls the province of Sindh in which Karachi is located , as well as the national government .
On Saturday , the MQM blamed the violence against its party workers on what it called thugs from the poor district of Lyari , a PPP stronghold .
Since 2008 the MQM and the PPP had formed a parliamentary alliance of convenience in Islamabad .
But now MQM leaders are saying they will withdraw from the national government .
I am speculating , but I wonder if the PPP in Lyari took its cue from remarks of interior minister Rehman Malik this weekend that he would push for the expulsion of what he characterized as 2 million illegal aliens from Karachi , as well as for the de-weaponization of the city .
The MQM represents the interests of what are called the Muhajirs , the Urdu speaking immigrants from India who came as part of the partition of British India into Muslim majority Pakistan and Hindu majority India in 1947 .
Those outside the MQM in Karachi resent its almost black shirt tactics and its armed paramilitary .
( Though to be fair , some MQM leaders have also called for an end to the flow of weapons into the city ; some weapons are smuggled by the 2 - million strong Pashtun population , a tiny fringe of which sympathizes with the Taliban . )
Moreover , the native Sindhis , who support the PPP , feel that the Muhajirs ’ command of the Urdu gave them special access to lucrative government jobs as well as coveted places in universities .
( Urdu is Pakistan ’s national language , but is not spoken natively by Punjabis , Sindhis , Baluchis , or Pashtuns , whereas the Muhajirs speak it at home and so have a linguistic advantage with regard to the national language . )
Rumors abound in Pakistan that poor Indian Muslims from provinces such as Bihar continue illegally to immigrate into the city , or are victims of human trafficking , as with poverty - stricken Bihari girls who are then pimped .
Such immigration , however , is small and certainly not in the millions !
In the hothouse atmosphere of Pakistani popular thought on geopolitics , Karachi is also thought a hotbed of espionage and fifth column activities by Hindu Indians working undercover and pretending to be Muhajirs .
The Indian version of the CIA is called R.A.W. – pronounced “ raw ” – or the Research and Analysis Wing , and virtually all untoward incidents in Pakistan are typically blamed on its activities .
Rehman Malik has even blamed RAW for the activities of radical Muslim extremists such as the Pakistani Taliban .
Obviously , I think this sort of charge is ‘ way overdone in Pakistan .
So in local Karachi terms , the call to expel illegal immigrants and to disarm the city could well have been taken by Sindhi PPP activists as a coded signal to begin a war on the MQM .
This Pakistani observer suggests that the struggle broke out in part because of recent changes in how nazims or mayors are chosen .
If the central government goes back to appointing them , that change might benefit the PPP and hurt the MQM ’s ability to maintain a stranglehold on the city ’s politics .
Malik spent all of Sunday into the wee hours in talks with MQM leaders , attempting to placate them .
Party leaders on both sides blamed the violence on petty criminals rather than on party stalwarts .
Jang reports in Urdu that police arrested 10 suspects in various parts of Lyari on Sunday , presumably in a bid to mollify the MQM– arrests that provoked demonstrations by the women of the neighborhood .
Geo Satellite TV is reporting dozens of arrests .
The PPP member of parliament for Lyari , Ismail Nabil Gobol , accused Malik of only launching the search operation in a cynical attempt to keep his job as Interior Minister .
Gobol said on GEO that if other districts were also being searched , the operation might be acceptable , but targeting Lyari was unfair and showed how political the police action is .
At the level of national politics , it is not entirely clear there were the MQM to withdraw its support , that the government of Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani could survive a vote of no-confidence in Parliament .
In case the PPP government fell , president Asaf Ali Zardari would offer the leader of a rival party the opportunity to form a new government .
That party would likely be the Pakistan Muslim league ( N ) , led by Nawaz Sharif .
If the PMLN also failed to form a government , then snap our parliamentary elections would be held .
This scenario would introduce very substantial instability into the course of Pakistani politics at precisely the moment when the Obama administration most needs a stable , reliable partner in the fight against the Taliban and al - Qaeda .
A dark cloud on the horizon is that the PMLN and only got about a third of the seats in parliament in the last election of February 2008 , and even if it bettered its performance in the next election , it might be beholden to small religious parties in a way that the PPP currently is not .
In the 2008 elections , the major fundamentalist parties , including the Jama ’at - i Islami , declined actively to run , in protest against the polls being held under the auspices of a military dictatorship .
Since the military dictatorship has been ended , the religious right wing parties would likely run in the next election , and might win enough seats to make them power brokers in forming the next government .
The fundamentalist parties may well benefit electorally in the next election from Obama ’s anti-al - Qaeda drone strikes on Pakistani soil , which are extremely unpopular .
If his policies brought back the Jama ’at - i Islami as a major parliamentary force , Obama will have potentially undermined his efforts against Muslim extremism by violating Pakistani Muslims ’ sense of sovereignty .
Obama supported Pakistan ’s return to democracy , but democracies are unpredictable .
Some figures in the fundamentalist religious parties have gone so far as to deny the existence of Al Qaeda , while others actively helped train the Taliban .
Such a government might be substantially less cooperative with Pres.
Obama ’s “ war on Al Qaeda ” than is Mr. Zardari .
A new government more beholden to the Pakistani religious right might also appoint a new and more hard line military Chief of Staff .
I think it certainly would demand an end to US drone strikes on militant strongholds in the northwest of the country .
A very great deal hangs , therefore , on whether the MQM and the PPP can manage to patch up their current sanguinary feud , and whether Mr. Zardari can retain the MQM as part of his governing coalition .
All this is not to mention that were security in Karachi substantially to worsen , it could form a further impediment to the US and NATO ’s use of the port city to transship essential matériel up to the Khyber Pass and into Afghanistan .
So far there is no question of the port being thrown into that kind of dire turmoil .
But in the past two weeks there was a major bombing on the occasion of the Shiite holy day of Ashura , followed by intensive rioting and arson of a sectarian character that destroyed thousands of shops and wiped out employment for 10,000 workers , followed by the recent outbreak of a concerted campaign of assassination between local MQM and PPP party workers in Karachi .
Quite apart from anything else , Karachi is Pakistan ’s financial hub and a center of light industry , and the violence already done there will have a negative impact on the country ’s economy this year .
Meanwhile , a new report has come out on Pakistan ’s struggle with Taliban and other militants in 2009 , mainly in the country ’s northwest , hundreds of miles from Karachi .
The government maintains that it killed about 12,000 militants and wounded a similar number , as well as capturing about 12,000 , as well .
( These numbers are suspiciously similar to me ) .
Only 75 of those captured were ‘ al - Qaeda ’ ( I presume , Arabs ) .
A little over 3,000 civilians died in militant attacks .
This statistic shows you that most of the fighting in Pakistan is between government troops and the Taliban or similar groups of Pashtun religious nationalists ; al - Qaeda is a small part of the story .
It is not clear if the statistics include CIA drone strikes .
For the militarization of the CIA in Afghanistan and Pakistan , see Tomdispatch.com .
End / ( Not Continued )
With many organizations around the world mobilizing to aid the victims of the recent earthquake that struck the Republic of Haiti , developer Bungie has started a fundraiser of its own .
The developer , famous from Myth as well as the Marathon and Halo series , has made a new T - Shirt available in the Bungie Store for the specific purpose of supporting the victims .
All profits made in the Bungie Store ( on all items , not just the << BE A HERO >> T - Shirt ) until the end of February 2010 will be donated to the American Red Cross .
Pictures of the T - Shirt can be found after the jump .
The Bungie Store can be located here .
Furthermore , Bungie has committed to donate an additional $ 100 to the cause for every 1000 players that play at least one online match on Wednesday the 20th of January or Thursday the 21st of January while wearing a specific emblem , up to a maximum of $ 77.000 .
More information of the specific design of this emblem can be found here .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Pressuring Iran and threatening further sanctions over its nuclear programme would be counter - productive , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says .
Speaking after talks in Moscow with US counterpart Hillary Clinton , Mr Lavrov said every effort should be made to continue negotiations .
His comments appeared to fall short of the tougher commitment sought by Washington towards Iran .
But Mrs Clinton praised Russia for its help on the issue .
The US secretary of state , in Moscow at the end of a five - day European tour , told a joint news conference with Mr Lavrov that Russia had " been extremely co-operative in the work that we have done together " on Iran .
Iran says its nuclear programme is for peaceful energy purposes , but the US and other Western nations believe it is seeking nuclear weapons .
Tehran revealed last month that it had a second uranium plant , further raising questions about the nature of its nuclear ambitions .
' No requests '
Ahead of Mrs Clinton 's visit , a US official had suggested she would ask Russian leaders about " specific forms of pressure " that Moscow would be prepared to back if talks failed .
ANALYSIS Rupert Wingfield - Hayes , BBC News , Moscow
Last month President Medvedev told President Obama sanctions against Iran might be " inevitable " .
But on Tuesday the Russians seemed less enthusiastic .
Iran has agreed to open more of its nuclear enrichment facilities to international inspection .
That has taken the pressure off Russia , for now .
Behind the scenes there are powerful factions vying for control of Russia 's Iran policy .
Russia 's arms makers and their Kremlin allies are pro-Iran .
They want to sell weapons to the Islamic Republic .
Nor do they fear a nuclear armed Iran .
They do not believe Russia will be a target .
But there is also an increasingly powerful pro-Israel faction in the Kremlin .
Analysts say a new strategic and military partnership is being built with Jerusalem .
Over a million Russian speakers now live in Israel .
At present Moscow is happy to wait and see what happens .
But Tehran can no longer take Moscow 's support for granted .
But Mrs Clinton said no requests had been made .
" We did not ask for anything today .
We reviewed the situation and where it stood , which I think was the appropriate timing for what this process entails , " she said .
The US was not seeking further sanctions pending talks between big powers and Iran , she added , but could do so " in the absence of significant progress and assurance that Iran is not pursuing nuclear weapons " .
Mr Lavrov , for his part , said " all efforts " should be made to maintain dialogue with Iran .
" We are convinced that threats , sanctions , and threats of pressure in the present situation are counter - productive , " he said .
The BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes in Moscow says Mrs Clinton was looking for a solid commitment from Mr Lavrov , but did not get one .
Both Mr Lavrov and Mrs Clinton also said there had been considerable progress in talks on a new treaty to reduce the two countries ' nuclear arsenals .
Mrs Clinton later met President Dmitry Medvedev at his Barvikha residence , but she will not meet Russia 's powerful Prime Minister , Vladimir Putin .
He is in China for talks focusing on trade , but also expected to raise the nuclear programmes of Iran and North Korea .
No quid pro quo President Barack Obama , who met Mr Medvedev in July , has pledged to reset relations with Russia .
Iran on defensive over secret site UN sanctions against Iran Iran and the nuclear issue A month ago , following the revelations about Iran 's second uranium enrichment facility , the Russian president said his government might ultimately accept further sanctions as inevitable .
Since then , Mr Obama has met a key Russian demand to scrap plans to deploy interceptor missiles in Poland and a radar station in the Czech Republic as part of a US missile defence system in Europe .
The US administration insisted it did not expect concessions in return .
But US officials have called on Russia to support , or at least not oppose , the idea of the UN Security Council imposing tougher sanctions on Iran if it fails to live up to its international obligations .
The council wants Iran to end uranium enrichment and has approved three rounds of sanctions - including bans on Iran 's arms exports and all trade in nuclear material .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I was born twice : first , as a baby girl , on a remarkably smogless Detroit day in January of 1960 ; and then again , as a teenage boy , in an emergency room near Petoskey , Michigan , in August of 1974 .
Quotations
It is yet to be seen whether the Sabah CM issue will have a bearing on the two parties ' cooperation on the national level .
2020-09-30
The Hockey News reported on their web site earlier this evening that the National Hockey League is negotiating with a Boston hedge fund manager to purchase the Lightning , control of the St. Pete Times Forum and land adjacent to the Forum .
According to multiple sources , the NHL is negotiating the sale of the Lightning and the five - acre parcel of land adjacent to the St. ( Pete ) Times Forum from the OK Hockey Group to Boston - based financier Jeffrey Vinik for an estimated price of $ 170 million .
The two groups met six weeks ago and while there are conflicting reports on whether or not a sale is imminent , it ’s believed Vinik has emerged as a front - runner to buy the team and is serious in his offer .
Damian Cristodero at the St. Petersburg Times ( and researcher Shirl Kennedy ) gave some more background ( and sources ) on Jeffery Vinik :
Vinik , 50 , a limited partner with the Red Sox , is better known in financial circles .
The New Jersey native , Duke graduate and Harvard MBA managed the Fidelity Magellan Fund in the mid and late '90s .
He is the principal owner of Vinik Asset Management .
Its Sept. 30 quarterly report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission indicated the company is managing holdings of $ 1.7 billion .
A March 2006 Boston Magazine article put Vinik 's worth at $ 515 million .
Whether Vinik 's interest is from a passion for hockey or an eye for an investment is unclear .
Hal Lindquist , a senior managing director at the Blackstone Group in New York who has invested with Vinik , said he had not heard about Vinik and the Lightning but deadpanned , " I know he coaches his son 's soccer team . "
We 'll have more on this tomorrow as the story unfolds ...
But this is not the kind of news that will encourage Lightning fans ...
Not until the mystery guest presents himself ....
And even then , there will be doubt long before there is any encouragement .
Hat tip to Bill Philp .
[ Note by John Fontana , 01/29/10 12:11 AM
EST ]
For those who may be so inclined , there is a lengthy article here from NASDAQ reporting on Vinik 's business dealings .
I have little savvy with this financial stuff , but others may see it as a way to shine the light on the guy 's thinking . ]
Grants recently awarded to MIT researchers by the U.S. Department of Energy ( DoE ) could help to pave the way for a method of generating electricity that produces no greenhouse gas emissions , and that could become a major contributor to meeting the world ’s energy needs .
Most energy analysts agree that geothermal energy — tapping the heat of bedrock deep underground to generate electricity — has enormous potential because it is available all the time , almost anywhere on Earth , and there is enough of it available , in theory , to supply all of the world ’s energy needs for many centuries .
But there are still some unanswered questions about it that require further research .
DoE last year awarded $ 336 million in grants to help resolve the remaining uncertainties , and three of those grants , totaling more than $ 2 million , went to MIT researchers .
Everywhere on Earth , a few miles below the surface , the bedrock is hot , and the deeper you go the hotter it gets .
In some places , water heated by this hot rock comes naturally to the surface or close to it , where it can be easily tapped to drive a turbine and generate electricity .
But where naturally heated water is not available at or near the surface , this process can be recreated by drilling one very deep well to inject water into the ground , and another well nearby to pump that water back to the surface after it has been heated by passing through cracks in the hot rock .
Such systems are known as Engineered Geothermal Systems , or EGS .
A 2006 report by an 18 - member team led by MIT Professor Jefferson Tester ( now emeritus , and working at Cornell University ) found that more than 2,000 times the total annual energy use of the United States could be supplied , using existing technology , from EGS systems , and perhaps 10 times as much with improved technology .
Tracking cracks
Herbert Einstein , professor of civil and environmental engineering , was the recipient of one of the new DoE grants .
Einstein studies fracturing in rocks , which is crucial in creating a new EGS site :
After drilling the necessary wells , water must be pumped into one of them under very high pressure to create a network of fractures in the deep rock to allow the water to move from the injection well to the extraction well .
But exactly how that process works at different depths and in different types of rock is not yet well understood .
Einstein is developing computer programs that can aid in the evaluation of geothermal sites , assessing both the potential power output and any potential risks , such as the triggering of seismic activity .
Such triggering has already resulted in the premature closing two years ago of one test installation , in Basel , Switzerland , after some minor earthquakes ( the largest being magnitude 3.4 ) were felt in the area .
The planned software is based on programs Einstein has developed to assess proposed tunnel sites and landslide risks .
“ What these decision tools do is allow you to consider the uncertainties , of which there are a lot , ” he says .
As is the case with tunnel construction , a great deal of the uncertainty with EGS has to do with the kind of rock encountered in the drilling and how that rock will fracture under pressure .
Einstein ’s software will be adapted to address the higher pressures encountered in the very deep boreholes needed for geothermal fields .
Einstein suggests that the risks from seismic triggering are largely sociological , because the events seen so far , at least , are too small to produce any serious damage .
“ I think that ’s a red herring , ” agrees Professor of Geophysics M. Nafi Toksoz , another DoE geothermal grant recipient , referring to the issue of induced earthquakes .
“ We know that every time we drill into the Earth , we alter the state of the stress in the rock . ”
As a result , small earthquakes do occur regularly near oil and gas wells , deep mine shafts for coal or minerals , and even from the pressure of water when a reservoir fills up behind a new dam .
“ Wherever there are existing faults , they will induce mostly minor quakes . ”
Toksoz ’s grant ( with research scientists Michael Fehler and Haijian Zhang of MIT ’s Department of Earth , Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences as collaborators ) will fund research at a test EGS installations in Utah , Nevada and California to develop ways of detecting and analyzing the fractures that form in the deep rock and how water actually flows through them .
“ Enhanced or Engineered Geothermal Systems ( EGS ) can be a enormous contributor to the world ’s renewable energy portfolio , ” says Curt Robinson , executive director of the Geothermal Resources Council in Davis , Calif . , a nonprofit educational group .
He says EGS could play a significant role in meeting energy needs if there are better ways of analyzing potential sites to improve the odds of success ; government policies to create a favorable business climate for investors ; and better technologies for identifying good sites and for lower - cost drilling under high - temperature conditions .
Einstein says geothermal electricity has the potential to take the place of essentially all stationary ( that is , not transportation - related ) power sources .
“ Basically , you could replace everything that ’s around , ” including the “ baseload ” power plants that can operate at any time , unlike sources such as solar or wind power .
“ So that ’s certainly very promising , ” he says .
“ It ’s not completely infinite , but for all practical purposes it is . ”
Probing underground
One of the remaining questions in practice is whether an EGS plant will lose efficiency over time , as minerals carried by the water begin to clog up the cracks in the deep rock .
While test plants have been operated in the United States and elsewhere for limited amounts of time , there has not yet been such a plant that has operated over a span of years , so “ we do n’t know how long these things will work at their maximum output , ” Einstein says , and if their performance begins to drop , “ can you restimulate the well ? ” to get it back to original levels .
These questions require further research .
Seismologist Fehler , recipient of another of the DoE grants , uses small earthquakes as a tool : Like ultrasound used to get images inside the body , the natural vibrations from small earthquakes can be used as a way to probe the subsurface to understand how water is moving deep below the ground .
“ It ’s a remote - sensing tool , ” he says .
This is similar to a method used in oil exploration , where the subsurface is analyzed by measuring the way vibrations from explosions or surface “ thumpers ” are distributed through the soil and rock below .
An array of microphones or micro-seismometers picks up the vibrations at various points , and computers then reconstruct an image of the subsurface from the relative timing of the vibrations from the source to the receiver .
At most geothermal installations built so far , Fehler says , earthquakes have been so small that “ you can record them , but you do n’t feel anything at the surface . ”
But seismic triggering is an issue because it has affected companies ’ ability to continue operations because of social , economic and political factors , he says .
“ We have to figure out how to try to control it , ” he says , mostly by choosing sites carefully , away from population centers .
The U.S. Department of Energy is holding a workshop on that question in February .
The basic principles have been demonstrated .
“ We know it can be done , ” Toksoz says .
“ But quite a lot of technology still needs to be proven in terms of commercial feasibility . ”
The remaining questions are essentially economic and engineering ones related to the costs and difficulties of deep drilling , not basic technology , he says .
The Dirty Dozen reviewed by Philip Greenspun ; January 2010 Site Home : Book Reviews : One Review
This is a review of The Dirty Dozen : How Twelve Supreme Court Cases Radically Expanded Government and Eroded Freedom , by Robert A. Levy and William Mellor .
This book is very timely as the Congress is debating a massive federal intervention in the private health care market .
Can the federal government force a private citizen who never travels outside his or her home state to purchase health insurance , something that would be used exclusively inside one state and that , due to government regulation , is available only within one state ?
Can the federal government exempt Nebraska residents from paying for Medicaid because a Nebraska senator 's vote was necessary to get $ 1 trillion in spending approved ?
Can the federal government establish different tax systems for unionized workers and non-union workers , as Barack Obama and Congress have proposed ?
( Union workers would not be subject to a tax on the value of their health insurance ; non-union workers would have to pay a tax . )
If you 've wondered about these issues , The Dirty Dozen is the book for you .
It explains how the Supreme Court , mostly starting during the ( first ? )
Great Depression began to reinterpret the Constitution to permit a vast expansion of federal power .
Regardless of your political beliefs , it is very interesting to see how we got from Lincoln having to beg state governors for resources to the all - powerful federal government of today .
The book has hundreds of citations to original sources , but they are buried in the back of the book so that the general reader will not get bogged down in the scholarly details .
Let 's start with a book report - style summary of what 's in The Dirty Dozen .
The Enumerated Powers
Chapter 1 : The General Welfare
Section 8 starts with " The Congress shall have power To lay and collect taxes , duties , imposts and excises , to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States ; but all duties , imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States ; " .
This clause was central to the debate over whether the Social Security income distribution system could be constitutional , culminating in Helvering v. Davis in 1937 .
Here 's what the authors say :
During the ratification debates , there were three main perspectives on the power to provide for the general welfare .
The most expansive view , which neither Madison nor Hamilton advocated , is that Congress can serve the general welfare in whatever way it pleases -- even if no taxes are collected , and even if the Constitution contains no other specified authority .
Essentially , Congress 's powers would be nearly all - inclusive .
The second view , advocated by Hamilton , is that Congress could tax and spend to execute its enumerated powers as well as other powers -- provided only that the purpose of the tax is to promote the general ( i.e. , national ) welfare , not the narrower ( i.e. , local ) welfare of specially favored parties .
In practice , however , the first and second views tend to merge .
That 's because the courts defer to Congress 's determination whether a tax serves the " general " welfare , and because the execution of Congress 's powers will almost always require money and , therefore , taxation .
Only the third , Madisonian , view establishes any meaningful restriction on congressional enactments .
Madison insisted that the General Welfare Clause did not empower Congress to do anything beyond those particular authorizations granted in the remainder of Article I , section 8 .
A broader interpretation , declared Madison , would make a mockery of the notion of limited federal government .
If Congress had an independent power to tax for the general welfare , then the enumeration of its other powers , which also provide for the general welfare , would simply be excess verbiage .
To the contrary , argued Madison , because the enumerated powers are those that serve the general welfare , the power to provide for the general welfare through taxation is synonymous with the power to tax in order to execute the enumerated powers .
...
Still , the politicians could not , by themselves , have irreparably damaged the Constitution .
They needed , and they garnered , the active support of the Supreme Court .
Together -- the Roosevelt administration , Congress , and the Court -- they turned the Constitution on its head .
Instead of promoting a federal government possessing only those powers enumerated in the Constitution , the New Dealers promoted a government of nearly boundless powers , limited only by specific prohibitions in the Constitution .
Nothing could have been further from the intent of the Framers .
During the Roosevelt era , the Supreme Court effectively re-wrote the Constitution .
Many of the Court 's mistakes are catalogued in other chapters of this book .
If faced with identifying the worst of those mistakes , we would surely rank the Court 's misreading of the General Welfare Clause high on the list .
Seventy years have elapsed since Helvering and not once has the Court invalidated an act of Congress because it violated the General Welfare Clause .
Yet the federal government has immersed itself in matters ranging from public schools to hurricane relief , drug enforcement , welfare , retirement systems , medical care , family planning , housing , and the arts -- not a single one of which can be found among Congress 's enumerated powers .
... Justice Sandra Day O.Connor 's dissent [ in South Dakota v. Dole ( 1987 ; a case relating to the feds establishing a 21 - year - old drinking age nationwide ) ] was a pointed reminder of just how pernicious the precedent of Butler and Helvering had proven to be : " If the spending power is to be limited only by Congress ' notion of the general welfare , the reality , given the vast financial resources of the Federal Government , is that the Spending Clause gives power to the Congress to tear down the barriers , to invade the states ' jurisdiction , and to become a parliament of the whole people , subject to no restrictions save such as are self - imposed .
This , of course , . was not the Framers ' plan and it is not the meaning of the Spending Clause . "
A lot of what the federal government does seems to violate the general welfare clause .
Tariffs , subsidies , and regulations on agriculture , for example , benefit certain farmers and corporations within the agriculture industry , but they harm consumers with higher prices for food .
Transferring money from a poor consumer to a rich farmer does n't help the " general welfare " of the nation .
Perhaps a state government could do it , but how can the feds do it ?
Let 's look at the next chapter ...
Chapter 2 : Regulating Interstate Commerce
Article 8 : " To regulate commerce with foreign nations , and among the several states , and with the Indian tribes ; "
The authors :
Roscoe Filburn operated a small farm in Ohio , producing milk , poultry , and eggs primarily .
But he also grew a small amount of wheat , the bulk of which was used on his farm for feed , some of which he and his family consumed , and a small portion of which was sold within the state .
The Department of Agriculture , under the direction of Secretary Claude C. Wickard , set Filburn .s 1941 wheat allotment at 11.1 acres with a yield of 20.1 bushels per acre .
Filburn , however , planted a total of 23 acres and harvested an excess of 239 bushels .
At a penalty of 49 cents a bushel , the excess subjected him to a total fine of $ 117.11 .
Filburn challenged the Agricultural Adjustment Act as , among other things , an invalid regulation of interstate commerce .
No portion of Filburn 's crop was sold in interstate commerce and the vast majority of it was consumed on his own farm .
In Wickard v. Filburn , the Supreme Court ruled that because Filburn 's growing of wheat for personal use might affect the price of interstate wheat , the federales could tell him not to do it .
The interpretation of Filburn has expanded over the years so that now the federal government can prevent a citizen from growing marijuana in his backyard for personal consumption , even though the interstate sale of marijuana is illegal and therefore the growing could not affect the price of a legally traded commodity .
( Raich 2005 )
The authors :
For more than 50 years following Wickard , no law was ever struck down for exceeding Congress 's power under the Commerce Clause .
The Interstate Commerce Clause became , and remains , the primary source of federal power .
Among the many consequences of this shift has been the massive federalization of traditional state functions , particularly in the area of criminal law -- absurdly characterized as regulation of interstate commerce .
This trend has been so widespread that no one seems sure exactly how many federal criminal laws exist .
One recent estimate suggests that there are now more than 4,000 federal statutory crimes , covering an unimaginable variety of activities , from the most heinous crimes to the misuse of the " Smokey Bear " character or name .
The number of federal regulations that may be enforced criminally is even more difficult to quantify , with estimates ranging from 10,000 to 300,000 .
The first slight pushback after Wickard came in 1995 when the Supreme Court ruled in Lopez that the federal government could not regulate gun possession near schools ; the matter had to be left to the states .
This swing of the pendulum was mostly reversed in a 2005 decision in Gonzales v. Raich .
Sandra Day O'Connor and Clarence Thomas were lonely dissenting voices : " If the Court always defers to Congress as it does today , little may be left to the notion of enumerated powers " ( O'Connor ) ; " Respondents Diane Monson and Angel Raich use marijuana that has never been bought or sold , that has never crossed state lines , and that has had no demonstrable effect on the national market for marijuana .
If Congress can regulate this under the Commerce Clause , then it can regulate virtually anything .
and the Federal Government is no longer one of limited and enumerated powers .
...
If the majority is to be taken seriously , the Federal Government may now regulate quilting bees , clothes drives , and potluck suppers throughout the 50 States " ( Thomas ) .
Chapter 3 : Rescinding Private Contracts
Business in the U.S. currently faces more regulatory uncertainty than at any time since the 1930s .
What will tax rates be ?
Will there be special tax credits for people buying houses ?
For people buying cars ?
Will there be special taxes on certain industries , such as banking ?
New taxes on health insurance provided to employees ?
Will judges be able to rewrite private mortgage contracts ?
Nobody knows ; these changes are entirely up to the whim of Congress and Barack Obama .
How much can a new government regulation possibly cost a business ?
The authors provide an example that will likely be chilling to investors :
It must have been nice to own a 143,000 - square - foot office building on a prime downtown corner in a major U.S. city , fully leased , long - term , to a large insurance company .
There was only one hitch .
By law , no rent increases were allowed for six decades -- from 1933 , shortly after the building was erected , until 1993 , when the owner was finally able to obtain legislative relief .
During that 60 - year period , the lessee paid a mere $ 23,000 in annual rent -- about 20 cents per rentable square foot , compared to 1993 market rates of roughly $ 14 per square foot .
Here 's how it happened : Property owner John Trostel constructed the 14 - story building in Des Moines , Iowa , in 1931 , then leased it out for $ 23,000 annually , plus the usual leasehold expenses .
Instead of a cost - of - living escalator , Trostel protected himself against inflation with a gold clause -- a common provision at the time -- which gave the lessor an option to demand payment in gold rather than dollars .
Big mistake .
Trostel never figured that two years later , in 1933 , President Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal Congress would abrogate all gold clauses , ostensibly to maintain government reserves of the metal during the economic emergency of the Great Depression .
Rescinding private contracts was deemed necessary because of an economic emergency .
The same question had come up in the context of restricting civil liberties during the Civil War and Justice David Davis wrote " The Constitution of the United States is a law for rulers and people , equally in war and in peace , and covers with the shield of its protection all classes of men , at all times , and under all circumstances .
No doctrine , involving more pernicious consequences , was ever invented by the wit of man than that any of its provisions can be suspended during any of the great exigencies of government . "
Davis 's words did not persuade FDR 's court .
In a dissent in Blaisdell ( 1934 ) , Justice Sutherland wrote " If the provisions of the Constitution be not upheld when they pinch , as well as when they comfort , they may as well be abandoned . "
We consider ourselves to offer a more stable legal environment than Argentina and Brazil , but perhaps that is only because we have n't been tested as sorely .
Chapter 4 : Lawmaking by Administrative Agencies
Article I : " All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States . "
This chapter of The Dirty Dozen covers the question of whether Congress can delegate its lawmaking powers to administrative and Executive Branch agencies .
The authors :
First , however , let 's consider the scope of the problem .
Perhaps you are familiar with the Federal Register .
It 's published every day and provides notice of executive orders as well as actual and proposed new rules by the various federal regulatory agencies .
During the 12 - month period ended March 31 , 2006 , the Federal Register contained an astonishing 77,537 pages .
At the beginning of each calendar quarter , the executive orders , rules , and regulations in the Federal Register that become final law are included in the Code of Federal Regulations .
If you were to purchase a current edition of the CFR from the U.S. Government Printing Office , you would need enough shelf space for more than 200 bound volumes .
By comparison , the entire U.S. Code , which contains all of the laws passed by Congress and signed by the president , requires roughly 35 volumes -- about one - sixth the number devoted to the CFR .
...
As of mid-year 2005 , the CFR comprised rules and regulations from 319 independent and executive agencies .
The upshot : an alphabet soup of bureaus run by anonymous bureaucrats who tell us how to live our lives . "
More regulation is not necessarily bad for everyone .
It may make the U.S. a less attractive place to do business than a foreign country , but within the U.S. it may benefit some : " Along those same lines , a recent study for the Small Business Administration revealed that small firms pay disproportionately to cope with excessive regulation .
For firms with more than 500 employees , the cost per employee to comply with environmental laws was $ 717 annually .
Firms with fewer than 20 employees spent more than six times as much ; their annual compliance cost per employee was $ 3,228 . "
The authors pick out the FDA as the " one agency that exemplifies the problems inherent in delegated power " .
Congress told the FDA to allow only those drugs " proven safe and effective " but " For all intents and purposes , Congress has left it to the FDA to determine the degree of safety and efficacy , the level of certainty required from investigators , the quantity and quality of data to be examined , the meaning of ' substantial evidence ' , and the criteria for reaching conclusions ' fairly and responsibly ' .
By relinquishing its lawmaking function , Congress gave the FDA both latitude and incentives to delay drug approvals unnecessarily .
And by allowing unelected bureaucrats to exercise such power , Congress left the public without an effective means to protest . "
Chapter 5 : Campaign Finance Reform and Free Speech
The First Amendment guarantees freedom of speech .
Politicans , however , have made it illegal to spend a lot of money on political speech , e.g. , advocating that incumbent politicians be replaced .
An ad encouraging people to eat Big Macs has more legal protection than an ad detailing the tax money and other favors that a politician has handed out to his buddies .
As a resident of a one - party state ( Massachusetts ) , I have no personal interest in this chapter .
Assured that a Democrat will win , both Republicans and Democrats typically do not waste effort campaigning or advertising here .
The authors , however , grabbed my attention with the absurdity of some of the rules : " Interestingly , the new BCRA regulations do not apply to print ads , Internet blogs and magazines , news stories , commentary , or editorials aired by media companies .
The Court explained that ' reform may take one step at a time , ' and went on to rationalize that a ' valid distinction ... exists between the media industry and other corporations that are not involved in the regular business of imparting news to the public ' .
In other words , a non-media corporation may not pay for electioneering communications -- unless , of course , it becomes a media corporation by acquiring a newspaper or radio / TV station , in which case unrestricted spending on commentary or editorials is somehow justified . "
More or less every new law and regulation seems to assist current politicians in their quest to continue enjoying power and receiving a government paycheck : " Instead of preventing corruption -- or even the appearance of corruption -- the real effect of the regulations upheld in McConnell ( 2003 ) and Buckley ( 1976 ) has been to protect incumbents from upstart challengers .
The careers of sitting politicians can more easily be perpetuated if the speech of their opponents can be repressed . "
In Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission ( 2010 ) , the Supreme Court turned back the tide of government suppression of political speech by ruling that the Federal Election Commission should not have been able to suppress a film critical of Hillary Clinton .
How did the incumbents take this ?
" This ruling opens the floodgates for an unlimited amount of special - interest money into our democracy , " President Obama said .
" This ruling strikes at our democracy itself . "
[ For a more articulate argument against allowing corporations to participate in our democracy , watch The Corporation , a very thoughtful Canadian movie that explores the effects of powerful actors in an economy or society being constrained to seek maximum profits by any legal means ( imagine a Michael Moore movie made for a critical audience ) -- the movie can be found on hulu ( free ... with ads from big corporations ) . ]
Chapter 6 : Gun Owner 's Rights
Second Amendment : " A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed . "
The authors dispense with the argument that this allows only militia members to have guns by asking what if the amendment said " A well - educated Electorate , being necessary to self - governance in a free State , the right of the people to keep and read Books , shall not be infringed " ?
Would we then say that only registered voters would have the right to read ?
The authors : " If the Second Amendment truly meant what the collective rights advocates propose , then the text would read , ' A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the States to arm their Militias , shall not be infringed ' . "
The book reminds us that we can't always rely on the police to protect us .
The Virginia Tech shooting is used as an example :
A bill , introduced on behalf of the Virginia Citizens Defense League , would have overridden university rules and given properly licensed students and employees the right to carry handguns on public college campuses .
The bill died in the Virginia General Assembly , 15 months before the April 2007 bloodbath .
Virginia
Tech spokesman Larry Hincker was pleased with the outcome at the time .
" I 'm sure the university community is appreciative of the General Assembly 's actions because this will help parents , students , faculty and visitors feel safe on our campus . "
Seung - Hui Cho , the Virginia
Tech killer , shot his first victims at 7:15 am in a dormitory .
The police failed to find Cho , cancel classes , evacuate the campus , or notify the parents of one wounded girl ( who died three hours later ) .
Two hours later , Cho entered another building where classes had begun and shot a few dozen more people .
Concerned about their own safety , police did not enter the building until Cho was nearly done with killing his 32nd victim .
Most of the federal restrictions on gun possession stem from United States v. Miller ( 1939 ) .
The authors remind us that this case was decided by judges who had heard only from the federal government 's lawyer ; the men accused of possessing guns were not represented before the Supreme Court due to lack of funds and time : " In any event , Miller and Layton were unable or unwilling to defend themselves on appeal , especially within impossible time constraints .
Neither defendant showed up before the Supreme Court ; they had no written brief to support them , and no legal representation at oral argument .
The Court did nothing to appoint other counsel or re-schedule the case .
Instead , Justice McReynolds produced a muddled opinion that has confused lawyers , law students , judges , and the public for almost seven decades .
When it was all over , the Supreme Court reversed the lower court 's holding that the National Firearms Act violated the Second Amendment .
Justice McReynolds ruled that only those weapons related to militia use were protected by the Amendment . "
Gun ownership advocates finally won a limit on federal power to restrict : District of Columbia v. Heller ( 2008 ; handed down after The Dirty Dozen was written , but addressed in the latest paperback edition ) .
Chapter 7 : Civil Liberties vs. National Security
Fifth Amendment : " No person shall be ... deprived of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law . "
This chapter concerns Korematsu v. United States ( 1944 ) , which allowed the Roosevelt Administration to intern Japanese - Americans .
The case has never been overturned .
Dissenting Justice Robert H. Jackson cautioned that " guilt is personal and not inheritable " .
By condoning Korematsu 's mistreatment , he continued , " the Court for all time has validated the principle of racial discrimination ...
The principle then lies about like a loaded weapon ready for the hand of any authority that can bring forward a plausible claim of an urgent need ... [ Each ] passing incident becomes the doctrine of the Constitution . "
The authors remind us that a handful of Americans did oppose the internment : " J. Edgar Hoover thought that alleged sabotage by Japanese Americans should be handled on a case - by - case basis , requiring probable cause to take action and proper judicial processes .
Senator Robert Taft , the conservative Republican from Ohio , was alone in objecting on the Senate floor to enactment of Public Law 503 , which was then passed by voice vote . "
The authors then quote Peter Irons , author of Justice at War : The Story of the Japanese - American Internment Cases : " Roosevelt 's desire for partisan advantage in the 1944 elections provides the only explanation for the delay in ending internment .
Political pressure influenced the evacuation and internment debates in 1942 , and political concerns held up the release of Japanese Americans almost three years later .
Between these two episodes , they received a cruel and unnecessary civics lesson in the power of politics to dictate military and judicial decisions . "
The authors draw parallels between the Korematsu case and the detention of Jose Padilla , a U.S. citizen accused of planning Islamic terrorist attacks in the U.S. Padilla was detained for years without trial :
We cannot permit the executive branch to declare that a U.S. citizen is an enemy combatant , whisk him away , detain him indefinitely without charges , deny him legal counsel , and prevent him from arguing to a judge that the whole thing is nothing but a mistake .
...
Suppose , however , President Bush had released Padilla , who proceeded to blow up parts of New York .
The potential for such tragedies exists whenever anybody is discharged for lack of evidence , then commits a crime .
In the case of suspected terrorists , the stakes are immense .
So a powerful argument can be made for changing the rules and establishing a preventive detention regime -- tilting toward national security even though some civil liberties might be compromised .
But if we do change the rules , the process cannot be implemented by executive edict without congressional or judicial input .
And it can not be law on - the - fly , with no knowledge of the rules by anyone other than the executive officials who are responsible for their enforcement .
Chapter 8 : Asset Forfeiture Without Due Process
Fourteenth Amendment : " [ N ] or shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law . "
This chapter covers one of my favorite subjects : civil forfeiture .
The authors explain that it was originally designed for piracy and smuggling .
The U.S. government would want to punish a guy in France for smuggling , but had no practical way to reach the person so it would take the guy 's ship , which was in a U.S. port .
" During the Civil War , however , civil forfeiture laws were released from these historical moorings .
The Confiscation Acts allowed the Union to seize and forfeit the rebels ' Northern property and the property of those who aided the Confederacy .
When the Supreme Court upheld these acts against constitutional challenges , it worked ' a revolution in forfeiture law that persists to this day ' . "
The authors lay out of the facts behind Bennis v. Michigan , in which the government 's seizure of an automobile was ruled constitutional :
In September 1988 , John and Tina Bennis bought a second car , an 11 - year old 1977 Pontiac .
The couple , who were both employed , had split the $ 600 cost of the Pontiac .
...
Three weeks later , on October 3 , 1988 , Detroit police witnessed a woman " flagging " passing vehicles on the corner of Eight Mile and Sheffield , an area known for prostitution .
Soon thereafter , they witnessed a 1977 Pontiac slow to a stop and allow the woman to enter .
The police followed the Pontiac until it stopped again .
Upon approaching the vehicle , they witnessed the woman , a recidivist prostitute , performing a sex act on the driver , John Bennis .
Mr. Bennis was arrested and later convicted of gross indecency .
...
Simultaneous with the criminal charges against John Bennis , the county prosecutor brought a [ successful ] forfeiture action under a Michigan statute that allowed for the confiscation of property used for the purpose of " lewdness , assignation or prostitution . "
Basically the wife suffered three times : her husband spent their money on a hooker ; she probably had to spend some family money to defend her husband against the criminal charges ; she lost her car , despite the fact that there was no evidence that she authorized its use for prostitution .
The authors discuss some changes in the direction of greater rights for property owners since the Bennis decision , but basically both federal and state governments have the right to take your stuff and make you sue them to get it back , even when you have not been convicted of any crime .
Chapter 9 : Eminent Domain For Private Use
Fifth Amendment : " [ N ] or shall private property be taken [ except ] for public use ... "
The authors describe how in the old days " public use " meant something like a road that everyone could use .
There has been a drift starting in 1954 with Berman v. Parker towards allowing municipalities to take private land and hand it over to commercial developers with the goal of increasing property tax revenues .
... some governments pushed even further to seize well - maintained property in the name of .economic development ..
Initially they condemned slums , then blighted areas , then not very blighted areas , then perfectly fine areas .
The Michigan Supreme Court 's Poletown opinion in 1981 was the first to sanction this new trend .
In that case , the city of Detroit took an entire neighborhood that everyone admitted was not blighted on the grounds that expansion of the nearby General Motors plant would create " public benefits " in the form of higher tax revenue and more jobs .
The Michigan Supreme Court bought this argument , ruling that eminent domain could be used for public benefit .
Detroit soon discovered that the closely knit community could not be replaced , and the plant did not live up to its promise of bringing economic prosperity to the city .
The recent landmark case is Kelo v. City of New London ( 2005 ) , in which the city condemned Suzette Kelo 's house in order to hand it over to developers whom they expected to pay an additional million dollars per year in property tax .
This turned out to be legal , according to the Supreme Court .
It did not help the town of New London , though , because the development scheme fell apart in the Collapse of 2008 -?
and the big employer , Pfizer , left town .
Sandra Day O'Connor dissented from Kelo :
" Any property may now be taken for the benefit of another private party , but the fallout from this decision will not be random .
The beneficiaries are likely to be those citizens with disproportionate influence and power in the political process , including large corporations and development firms .
As for the victims , the government now has license to transfer property from those with fewer resources to those with more .
The Founders cannot have intended this perverse result . "
Chapter 10 : Taking Property by Regulation
This chapter chronicles courts ' attempts to determine to what extent the government may render a property owner 's interest less valuable by regulation , i.e. , when is the Fifth Amendment 's " [ N ] or shall private property be taken ... without just compensation " injunction violated .
The chapter describes Penn Central v. New York City ( 1978 ) and Tahoe - Sierra ( 2002 ) .
In Tahoe - Sierra , the local government decided to achieve some environmental goals by stopping all new development .
The government said that it was n't a " taking " because the restrictions were temporary :
In a triumph of form over substance , Tahoe - Sierra gives legislatures virtually free reign to deprive property of its entire value for an unlimited amount of time without compensation , provided they style each successive deprivation as . temporary .
in nature .
As Justice Clarence Thomas correctly pointed out in dissent , " [ T ] he ' logical ' assurance that a ' temporary restriction ' ... merely causes a diminution in value , ' .. is cold comfort to the property owners in this case or any other .
After all , ' in the long run we are all dead ' . "
This observation is not hyperbole ; writing shortly after Tahoe - Sierra was decided , one legal scholar noted , " Of the 700 or so ordinary people who started on this journey , 55 have since died . "
As it stands , there are basically no restrictions on government action .
If you design and build a beautiful house , then want to knock it down and build something that fits your lifestyle better , the government can say " You built such a beautiful house that we are giving it landmark status and you can never touch it " , even if that renders the property valueless .
Chapter 11 : Earning an Honest Living
Ninth Amendment : " The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people " .
In Nebbia v. New York ( 1934 ) , the Supreme Court allowed a state to prevent a merchant from selling milk for less than a set minimum price .
At the behest of dairy interests , Congress passed a law banning interstate shipment of " filled milk " , a relatively cheap canned milk in which the butterfat had been replaced with vegetable oil .
An Illinois company continued to make the product and sell it within Illinois , but was charged with violating the Filled Milk Act .
In U.S. v. Carolene Products Co. ( 1938 ) , the government 's right to shut down the company was upheld .
The authors :
Carolene Products represented the beginning of a two - tiered approach to enforcing rights .
Those rights that had -- fortunately -- been specifically enumerated would receive meaningful protection .
But unenumerated rights , like the right to enter into contracts or the right to practice a trade , would receive only " rational basis " scrutiny .
Sadly , the Court has repeatedly reaffirmed that holding and , with each iteration , the language of the test has become more and more deferential to government power .
... Justice William O. Douglas , one of the leading liberals of the twentieth century , described the right to work as " the most precious liberty that man possesses " and eloquently defended it : " Man has indeed as much right to work as he has to live , to be free , to own property ...
It does many men little good to stay alive and free and propertied , if they cannot work .
To work means to eat .
It also means to live .
For many it would be better to work in jail , than to sit idle on the curb .
The great values of freedom are in the opportunities afforded man to press to new horizons , to pit his strength against the forces of nature , to match skills with his fellow man .
Like all rights , the right to earn an honest living is meaningful only if it can be enforced and protected .
Thanks to the inclusion of the Bill of Rights , the Constitution provides Americans with two layers of protection : the enumeration of powers , which constrains the ends that the federal government may seek , and the Bill of Rights , which constrains the means by which the government may pursue those ends .
During the New Deal , both of these layers of protection came under attack .
By condoning a vast expansion of government powers ( see especially Chapters 1 and 2 ) , the Supreme Court allowed Congress to pursue virtually any ends .
And by ignoring the mandate of the Ninth Amendment , the Court allowed Congress to employ virtually any means .
The authors note that entry into roughly 20 percent of America 's jobs is restricted in some way by local or federal government .
You may purchase the finest automobile manufactured , but you cannot legally offer taxi rides in New York City .
A woman who wanted to teach African hair braiding in Mississippi was required to take 3200 hours of classes before being licensed .
With no legal support for economic liberties , the door is wide open for special interests :
Consider this pronouncement from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit , upholding an Oklahoma law requiring anyone who sells caskets to become a licensed funeral director .
The court brushed aside the blatantly protectionist motives for the law , observing " while baseball may be the national pastime of the citizenry , dishing out special economic benefits to certain in - state industries remains the favored pastime of state and local governments . "
Chapter 12 : Equal Protection and Racial Preferences
Fourteenth Amendment : " [ N ] or shall any State ... deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . "
The set of amendments to the Constitution that were passed after the Civil War were intended to prevent states from discriminating on the basis of race .
However , in Grutter v. Bollinger ( 2003 ) and UC v. Bakke ( 1978 ) , the Supreme Court allowed state - run universities to admit students on the basis of race .
Why these issues are more contentious now
The Dirty Dozen appears at a time when the economy is shrinking and the government is growing .
This mean that the government 's share of the economy is trending up toward 50 percent ( chart ) .
With roughly half of the actions in the U.S. taken by someone working for the government , inevitably there will be a lot of debate about what the government can or should do .
How did we get here ?
Given that the Constitution is written in plain language and that politicians and Supreme Court justices are generally intelligent people , how did end up with a plainly Unconstitutional federal government ?
Let 's see if we can accept these assumptions about human nature :
in an emergency , most people will panic
people like to think of themselves as very capable and ignore what others might have done in their stead
people like to think of themselves as smarter than average
The biggest shifts toward more federal power came during perceived emergencies , such as the Great Depression or World War II .
A majority of the nine human justices who make up the Supreme Court panicked .
The Constitution was an okay document for normal circumstances , but the Framers never envisioned this crisis .
Not everyone panics in an emergency , which is why there were always dissenters from the decisions that allowed the federal government to go well beyond the enumerated powers .
Let 's consider why people involved in the federal government , both in Congress and the Executive branch , might want to expand beyond the enumerated powers .
Suppose that someone offers to give you $ 1 trillion to improve public education in the U.S.
It is natural to think of your capabilities and all of the great things that you could do with $ 1 trillion to spend .
It would not be human nature to step by and say " I wonder what the people or the individual states would have done if we'd left the $ 1 trillion in their hands . "
If you did have second thoughts , you 'd reflect on how much smarter you were than the average person and therefore more capable of spending money wisely .
Supreme Court justices are appointed by presidents .
Aside from Ronald Reagan , it is tough to think of a President who did n't think that he could do a tremendous amount of good if only Congress would give him some more money to spend and some extra power .
So if I were President I probably would n't nominate anyone for the Supreme Court unless I thought he or she to be sympathetic to expanded Executive and Federal power .
Finally we have stare decisis , the doctrine that judges should refrain from overturning previous decisions .
A decision that came out of the Great Depression or World War II will stand for decades or centuries .
Jimmy Carter created the U.S. Department of Education .
Ronald Reagan could not imagine how interfering with state and local government - run schools could be one of the federal government 's Constitutional powers or a wise use of public funds , so he tried to kill it but Congress would n't let him .
The department 's Web site today says " ED currently administers a budget of $ 62.6 billion in regular FY 2009 discretionary appropriations and $ 96.8 billion in discretionary funding provided under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 -- and operates programs that touch on every area and level of education . "
We devote more than 1 percent of U.S. GDP , which is more than the combined military budgets of France , Germany , the U.K. , Canada , et al , to a bureaucracy that educates no children and whose spending has not resulted in cost cuts at the state and local level .
How did the U.S. survive for more than 200 years without this department ?
We dare not imagine and therefore we dare not stop this $ 159 billion / year bleed .
What the Framers Envisioned
We 've gotten to a point where federal law touches almost every aspect of daily American life .
Primarily due to immigration , the U.S. population is forecast by demographers to be somewhere between 600 million and 1 billion in 2100 .
That means that a citizen wishing to get a law changed will be one voice among 1 billion and may live 3000 miles away from the nearest decision - maker .
This could not be farther from what the framers of the Constitution envisioned .
The Framers envisioned something much more like the present - day European Union .
A citizen would live under laws made locally but use currency minted centrally .
Consider a citizen of Ireland .
He or she has one voice among 4.5 million for most of the laws and regulations that affect daily life .
Our Dublin resident uses currency and weights and measures that are common to a large region .
The Dirty Dozen makes it abundantly clear that the Constitution has been stretched to accommodate a federal government vastly more powerful and intrusive than the Framers would have considered legal .
If we decide that we like or need a huge federal government , perhaps it is time to rewrite the Constitution thoughtfully .
In a new constitutional convention , we could decide if we want to keep our unusual legislative / executive system or adopt a more conventional parliamentary system .
We could simplify our criminal justice system by eliminating the dual tracks of state and federal statutes and prisons ; there would be a single criminal code for the entire U.S.
We could eliminate educational opportunity disparities among states by having federally funded and operated public schools , eliminating the current system in which the federal government mandates or nags and the states are supposed to implement .
We could have uniform gun laws across all states , codified in the new constitution .
We could have federal licensing for physicians , health insurance , and other components of the health care system that are , in any case , now substantially funded with federal tax dollars .
Right now we are basically trying to run a China - like government with a European Union - style constitution .
Back to the Dirty Dozen
The authors of The Dirty Dozen come down pretty strongly against rewriting or reinterpreting the Constitution to allow the U.S. federal government to operate like the central government of the People 's Republic of China .
They advocate a restoration of state and individual rights , at least back to where we were circa 1925 .
Even if you do n't agree with their political ideas , the book makes for interesting reading .
Nearly all legal scholars would agree that these are 12 of the most important cases ever to come before the Supreme Court and that they have changed our lives immeasureably .
The authors capably summarize the reasoning behind the majority decisions even though their sympathies are with the dissent .
Considering the technical subject , the book is remarkably easy to read .
I got through most of it on a commercial airline flight .
On the Kindle ?
More
Read The Dirty Dozen
philg@mit.edu
" We try to always maintain the dignity of the recently deceased but there has been a noticeable change over the last decade or so , " he said .
" Most undertakers have looked after someone very , very large but you just have to ensure you have the staff numbers and vehicles to handle it . "
CINCINNATI ( MarketWatch ) --
The major U.S. benchmarks just suffered their worst three - day downdraft since March -- when they were crashing .
In the process , each index has violated its 50 - day moving average , placing market bulls on the defensive , as detailed below .
The S&P 500 Index's SPX , +0.82 % hourly chart details the past three weeks .
With last week 's downdraft , the S&P violated important support at 1,115 , matching the 2009 close and its 50 - day moving average .
Rallies to this area will likely draw sellers , and the S&P 's intermediate - term trend points lower barring a break back above 1,115 .
Meanwhile , the Dow industrials ' near - term view is similar .
Namely , the index completely broke down last week , knifing through several former support points .
Looking ahead , significant resistance falls out as follows :
-- The 2009 close of 10,428 .
-- Its 50 - day moving average , currently 10,448 ( not illustrated ) .
While all benchmarks are due a corrective bounce , the Dow Jones Industrial Average 's DJIA , +1.19 % intermediate - term path of least resistance points lower barring a break atop this area .
The Nasdaq Composite Index 's $ COMPQ near - term view is equally ugly .
From current levels , notable resistance falls out as follows :
--
The 2,220 breakout point , better illustrated on the daily chart .
-- Its 50 - day moving average , currently 2,228 .
A break atop this area would be promising for market bulls , placing the Nasdaq back atop its 50 - day , though the index faces significant additional overhead at its 2,270 breakdown point .
Widening the view to six months adds color .
Again , the Nasdaq has edged under its 50 - day moving average , raising a flag to an intermediate - term trend shift .
Previous ventures under the 50 - day -- in October and November -- have been shrugged off , but last week marked the most serious challenge to this first leg of its longer - term uptrend .
Moving to the Dow , it 's wider view is the weakest .
As the chart illustrates , it 's violated its 50 - day moving average , technically signaling an intermediate - term trend shift .
Consider the initial break atop the 50 - day -- back in July -- and the subsequent follow - through .
The S&P 's six - month view is shaky at best .
With last week 's downdraft , the index knifed straight through its 50 - day moving average , an area that " should " have marked significant support .
Looking ahead , it needs to break back atop this area to neutralize last week 's downdraft .
The bigger picture
As the charts above illustrate , significant technical damage was inflicted last week .
Most obviously , each benchmark violated its 50 - day moving average , with the Dow and the S&P breaking decisively under this area .
And in the wake of last week 's damage , Monday 's rally attempt did n't exactly scream " raging bull . "
Specifically , the Dow industrials rose 23 points , while the Nasdaq and the S&P both added 5 points .
So not surprisingly , familiar areas remain in play .
Starting with resistance , the 1,115 level marks a significant inflection point matching the following areas :
-- The 2009 close .
-- The 50 - day moving average ( not illustrated ) .
-- The Jan. 22 high , a session that may have signaled a meaningful trend shift .
Looking ahead , a break back atop this area would put the brakes on bearish momentum , though the initial retest will likely draw sellers .
Conversely , the S&P 's 10 - year view highlights longer - term support .
Namely :
-- Support at 1,065 , matching the 20 - month moving average .
-- Support at 1,060 , matching the 2004 low .
-- Support at 1,044 , matching the market - crash range top ( not illustrated ) .
After last week 's downdraft , an eventual retest of this area looks likely , but the S&P 's longer - term uptrend is intact barring a break lower .
Summing up the backdrop
All told , the U.S. markets are near - term oversold and due a corrective bounce .
Yet more importantly , each major benchmark violated its 50 - day moving average last week , signaling an intermediate - term downtrend .
Looking ahead , a decisive break back atop S&P 1,115 gives market bulls another green light .
Nonetheless , this area will likely draw sellers on the first test , and the U.S. markets ' intermediate - term trends now point lower until proven otherwise .
Tuesday 's watch list
The charts below highlight names well positioned technically .
These are intended as radar screen names -- sectors or stocks positioned to move near term .
For the original comments on the stocks below , check out The Technical Indicator Library .
Regional banks rally despite broad - market downdraft
Drilling down to sectors , select regional banks are acting well : SunTrust Banks STI , +1.42 % , M&T Bank Corp. MTB , +1.05 % and KeyCorp KEY , +0.84 % .
As the charts illustrate , this group actually broke higher last week while the broad markets were getting hammered .
Recent strength has come on strong volume , positioning these names to further outperform once the markets stabilize .
Company Symbol Mon Close Support Resistance F5 Networks FFIV $ 53.48 $ 51.00 $ 56.20
Initially profiled Sept. 17 , F5 Networks FFIV , - 1.00 % has returned 37.8 % and remains well positioned .
As the chart illustrates , it tried to break out last week following the company 's strong first - quarter results .
By comparison , the ensuing pullback has been orderly , given market conditions , and its path of least resistance remains higher barring a violation of the 50 - day moving average .
Company Symbol Mon Close Support Resistance Core Laboratories CLB $ 122.00 $ 118.80 $ 126.50
Core Laboratories CLB , - 4.32 % is a midcap oil - services name positioned to rise .
The shares started the year with a sharp spike to 16 - month highs , clearing resistance at the October peak .
Since then , it 's established a tight trading range near the highs , and this week 's lift from support positions the shares to retest the range top .
Company Symbol Mon Close Support Resistance Covance Inc. CVD $ 57.65 $ 56.00 $ 60.50
Covance Inc. CVD , +0.40 % is a midcap provider of drug - development services .
Earlier this month , it spiked on strong volume , briefly touching 52 - week highs .
The subsequent pullback has come on lighter volume , placing the shares at a high risk / reward entry ahead of Wednesday 's quarterly report .
Company Symbol Mon Close Support Resistance Ciena Corp. CIEN $ 13.06 $ 12.00 $ 13.50
Ciena Corp. CIEN , - 0.75 % is a beaten - down networker coming to life .
Technically speaking , it 's recently cleared a four - month downtrend and its major moving averages .
The breakout signals a trend shift , and its path of least resistance remains higher barring a violation of first support , around $ 12 .
Company Symbol Mon Close Support Resistance Zumiez Inc. ZUMZ $ 13.30 $ 12.60 $ 15.00
Zumiez , Inc. ZUMZ , +0.61 % is a small - cap retailer positioned to rise .
Earlier this month , it gapped sharply higher fueled by the company 's strong same - store sales .
Since then , it 's pulled in on lighter volume , placing the shares at a better entry near the bottom of the gap , and 18 % under the January peak .
A rise in the number of hate crimes against Muslims in London is being encouraged by mainstream politicians and sections of the media , a study written by a former Scotland Yard counter - terrorism officer , published yesterday , says .
Attacks ranging from death threats and murder to persistent low - level assaults , such as spitting and name - calling , are in part whipped up by extremists and sections of mainstream society , the study says .
The document – from the University of Exeter 's European Muslim research centre – was written by Dr Jonathan Githens - Mazer and former special branch detective Dr Robert Lambert .
" The report provides prima facie and empirical evidence to demonstrate that assailants of Muslims are invariably motivated by a negative view of Muslims they have acquired from either mainstream or extremist nationalist reports or commentaries in the media , " it says .
Lambert headed Scotland Yard 's Muslim contact unit , which helped improve relations between the police and Britain 's Islamic communities .
The unit won praise from even long - standing critics of the police , and Lambert was awarded an MBE .
The study mentions no newspapers or writers by name , but alleges that the book Londonistan , by the Mail writer Melanie Phillips , played a part in triggering hate crimes .
" Islamophobic , negative and unwarranted portrayals of Muslim London as Londonistan and Muslim Londoners as terrorists , sympathisers and subversives in sections of the media appear to provide the motivation for a significant number of anti-Muslim hate crimes , " it says .
In his foreword , the rightwing journalist Peter Oborne writes : " The constant assault on Muslims from certain politicians , and above all in the mainstream media , has created an atmosphere where hate crimes , ranging from casual abuse to arson and even murder , are bound to occur and are even in a sense encouraged by mainstream society . "
The report is based on interviews with witnesses to and victims of hate crimes , as well as police officers and former members of extremist organisations such as the British National Party .
The report cites interviews with rightwing extremists to try to prove a link between what is published in the mainstream media and the anti-Muslim views held by extremists .
It says : " An experienced BNP activist in London explains that he believes that most BNP supporters simply followed the lead set by their favourite tabloid commentators that they read every day .
" When these commentators singled out Muslims as threats to security and social cohesion , he says that it was perfectly natural for BNP supporters to adopt the same thinking . "
The report says the extreme right are directing their violence more against Muslims than black or Asian Britons .
" Interviewees with long experience of extremist nationalist street violence in London are unequivocal in their assessment that Muslim Londoners are now a prime target for serious violence and intimidation in the way that Londoners from minority ethnic communities once were , " it says .
" Similarly , interviewees with experience of London street gangs that have no connection or affinity with extremist nationalist politics are adamant that Muslims have become prime targets for serious attacks .
" In addition , well - informed interviewees are clear that the main perpetrators of low - level anti-Muslim hate crimes are not gangs but rather simply individuals from a wide range of backgrounds who feel licensed to abuse , assault and intimidate Muslims in terms that mirror elements of mainstream media and political comment that became commonplace during the last decade . "
The report says the attacks come in part from street gangs targeting Muslims as punishment for members who have embraced Islam and left gang culture .
" Often , they know someone who has left their scene and become a devout Muslim , " the document , which also drew on interviews with youth workers dealing with gangs , says .
" That is like a defection .
And whether they do or do n't , they say they know this or that terrorist who used to be a great person till he joined the Muslims . "
The report also says gang members believe Muslims values " oppose everything these kids aspire to .
Flash cars , nightclubs , expensive clothes , jewellery , drugs , alcohol , casual sex , glamour , dancing , music ... " .
The study says the majority of hate crimes involve low - level incidentsand are not reported to police .
Most officers are committed to tackling anti-Muslim hate crimes seriously , but are undermined by a few colleagues who are not .
But the study warns : " Anti-Muslim hate crimes have not been afforded the same priority attention [ that ] government and police have invested in racist hate crimes . "
The report is dedicated to Yasir Abdelmouttalib , a PhD student who was left brain - damaged after a gang of youths attacked him in London , striking him over the head with a stick , as he made his way to a mosque while wearing Islamic clothing .
It cites other cases of rightwing extremists preparing hate campaigns and of serious attacks on Muslims in Britain .
These included : " Neil Lewington , a violent extremist nationalist convicted in July 2009 of a bomb plot ; Terence Gavan , a violent extremist nationalist convicted in January 2010 of manufacturing nail bombs and other explosives , firearms and weapons ; a gang attack in November 2009 on Muslim students at City University ; the murder in September 2009 of Muslim pensioner , Ikram Syed ul - Haq ; a serious assault in August 2007 on the Imam at London Central Mosque ; and an arson attack in June 2009 on Greenwich Islamic Centre . "
The study focuses on anti-Muslim violence in London , with its authors saying they will produce one covering the whole of the UK by this summer .
In the year 1752 the British Parliament and King George II corrected several problems with the then current Julian calendar .
The correction was first adopted by Pope Gregory XIII in October of 1582 .
However , adoption of the Gregorian Calendar outside of Catholic countries was delayed as Martin Luther ( the original ) had nailed his Ninety - five Theses to the door of his church on October 31 , 1517 .
This started the Protestant Reformation , which was still ringing strong enough in 1582 to make most Protestant countries resist " bowing " to any Papal decree .
Only after the problems had been growing for about 200 additional years did Great Britain adopt the Gregorian Calendar .
The law was passed in 1751 and implemented in 1752 .
Great Britain was actually an early - bird in the list of Protestant countries .
Some countries delayed adopting the Gregorian Calendar till the 1900s .
The Calendar Act addressed two major issues :
Note :
The original text is written as six long paragraphs , one for each section marked off by Roman numerals .
It was broken into shorter paragraphsin this versione .
Also ,
tThe original text uses the tall s ( the old form that looks similar to an f , but with cross bar on the left is missing ) wherever the s is not the last letter in the word Editorial annotations are written within [ brackets ] , and a summary of the sections is outdented to the left margin .
C A P. XXIII .
A.D. 1751 .
Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGII II .
An Act for Regulating the Commencement of the Year ; and for Correcting the Calendar now in Use .
' Amended by 25 Geo. 2 . c. 30 .’
WHEREAS the legal Supputation of the Year of our Lord in that Part of Great Britain called England , according to which the Year beginneth on the 25th Day of March , hath been found by Experience to be attended with divers Inconveniencies , not only as it differs from the Usage of neighbouring Nations , but also from the legal Method of Computation in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlond [ sic ] , and from the common Usage throughout the whole Kingdom , and thereby frequent Mistakes are occasioned in the Dates of Deeds , and other Writings , and Disputes arise therefrom : ‘ And whereas the Calendar now in Use throughout all his Majesty ’s British Dominions , commonly called The Julian Calendar , hath been discovered to be erroneous , by means whereof the Vernal or Spring Equinox , which at the Time of the General Council of Nice [ i.e. Nicaea ] in the Year of our Lord 325 , happened on or about the 21st Day of March , now happens on the 9th or 10th Day of the same Month ; and the said Error is still increasing , and if not remedied , would , in Process of Time , occasion the several Equinoxes and Solstices to fall at very different Times in the Civil Year from what they formerly did , which might tend to mislead Persons ignorant of the said Alteration : ’ And whereas a Method of correcting the Calendar in such manner , as that the Equinoxes and Solstices may for the future fall nearly on the same nominal Days , on which the same happened at the Time of the said General Council , hath been received and established , and is now generally practiced by almost all other Nations of Europe : ‘ And whereas it will be of general Convenience to Merchants , and other Persons corresponding with other Nations and Countries , and tend to prevent Mistakes and Disputes in or concerning the Dates of Letters , and Accounts , if the like Correction be received and established in his Majesty ’s Dominions : ’ May it therefore please your Majesty , that it may be enacted , and be it enacted by the King ’s most Excellent Majesty , by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal , and Commons , in this present Parliament assembled , and by the Authority of the same ,
The old Supputation of the Year not to be made use of after Dec. 1751 .
Year to commence , for the future , on 1 Jan .
That in and throughout all his Majesty ’s Dominions and Countries in Europe , Asia , Africa , and America , belonging or subject to the Crown of Great Britain , the said Supputation , according to which the Year of our Lord beginneth on the 25th Day of March , shall not be made use of from and after the last Day of December 1751 ; and that the first Day of January next following the said last Day of December shall be reckoned , taken , deemed and accounted to be the first Day of the Year of our Lord 1752 ; and the first Day of January , which shall happen next after the said first Day of January 1752 , shall be reckoned , taken , deemed and accounted to be the first Day of the Year of our Lord 1753 ; and so on , from Time to Time , the first Day of January in every Year , which shall happen in Time to come , shall be reckoned , taken , deemed and accounted to be the first Day of the Year ; and that each new Year shall accordingly commence , and begin to be reckoned , from the first Day of every such Month of January next preceding the 25th Day of March , on which such Year would , according to the present Supputation , have begun or commenced :
The Days to be numbered as now until 2 Sept. 1752 ; and the Day following to be accounted 14 Sept. omitting 11 Days .
And that from and after the said first Day of January 1752 , the several Days of each Month shall go on , and be reckoned and numbered in the same Order ; and the Feast of Easter , and other moveable Feasts thereon depending , shall be ascertained according to the same Method , as they now are , until the 2nd Day of September in the said Year 1752 inclusive ; and that the natural Day next immediately following the said 2nd Day of September , shall be called , reckoned and accounted to be the 14th Day of September , omitting for that Time only the 11 intermediate nominal Days of the common Calendar ; and that the several natural Days , which shall follow and succeed next after the said 14th Day of September , shall be respectively called , reckoned and numbered forwards in numerical Order from the said 14th Day of September , according to the Order and Succession of Days now used in the present Calendar ; and that all Acts , Deeds , Writings , Notes and other Instruments of what Nature or Kind soever , whet her Ecclesiastical or Civil , Publick or Private , which shall be made , executed or signed , upon or after the said first Day of January 1752 , shall bear Date according to the said new Method of Supputation ,
Hilary and Michaelmas Terms , and all Courts , to be held on the same nominal Days .
the two fixed Terms of St. Hilary and St. Michael , in that Part of Great Britain called England ,
and , in that Part of called , and the Courts of Great Sessions in the Counties Palatine , and in Wales ,
, and also the Courts of General Quarter - Sessions and General Sessions of the Peace ,
and all other Courts of what Nature or Kind soever , whether Civil , Criminal , or Ecclesiastical ,
and all Meetings and Assemblies of any Bodies Politick or Corporate , either for the Election of any Officers or Members thereof , or for any such Officers entering upon the Execution of their respective Offices , or for any other Purpose whatsoever ,
which by any Law , Statute , Charter , Custom or Usage within this Kingdom , or within any other the Dominions or Countries subject or belonging to the Crown of Great Britain , are to be holden or kept on any fixed or certain Day of any Month , or on any Day depending upon
Courts held with Fairs or Marts excepted .
the Beginning , or any certain Day of any Month ( except for such Courts as are usually holden or kept with any Fairs or Marts ) shall , from Time to Time , from and after the said 2nd Day of September , be holden and kept upon or according to the same respective nominal Days and Times , whereon or according to which the same are now to be holden , but which shall be computed according to the said new Method of numbering and reckoning the Days of the Calendar as aforesaid ; that is to say , 11 Days sooner than the respective Days whereon the same are now holden and kept ; any Law , Statute , Charter , Custom or Usage , to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding .
Hundredth Years , except every fourth hundred , to be common Years of 365 Days .
II .
And for the continuing and preserving the Calendar or Method of Reckoning , and computing the Days of the Year in the same regular Course , as near as may be , in all Times coming ;
Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid , That the several Years of our Lord , 1800 , 1900 , 2100 , 2200 , 2300 , or any other hundredth Years of our Lord , which shall happen in Time to come , except only every fourth hundredth [ sic ]
Year of our Lord , whereof the Year of our Lord 2000 shall be the first , shall not be esteemed or taken to be Bissextile or Leap Years , but shall be taken to be common Years , consisting of 365 Days , and no more ;
Years Bissextile of 366 Days .
and that the Years of our Lord 2000 , 2400 , 2800 , and every other fourth hundred Year of our Lord , from the said Year of our Lord 2000 inclusive , and also all other Years of our Lord , which by the present Supputation are esteemed to be Bissextile or Leap Years , shall for the future , and in all Times to come , be esteemed and taken to be Bissextile or Leap Years , consisting of 366 Days , in the same Sort and Manner as is now used with respect to every fourth Year of our Lord .
‘ III .
And whereas according to the Rule prefixed to the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England , Easter - day is always the first Suaday [ sic ] after the first Full Moon which happens next after the one and twentieth Day of March , and if the Full Moon happens upon a Sunday , Easter - day is the Sunday after ; which Rule was made in Conformity to the Decree of the said General Council of Nice , for the Celebration of the said Feast of Easter : ’ And whereas the Method of computing the Full Moons now used in the Church of England , and according to which the Table to find Easter for ever , prefixed to the said Book of Common Prayer , is formed , is by Process of Time become considerably erroneous :
' And whereas a Calendar , and also certain Tables and Rules for the fixing the true Time of the Celebration of the said Feast of Easter , and the finding the Times of the Full Moons on which the same dependeth , so as the same shall agree as nearly as may be with the Decree of the said General Council , and also with the Practice of foreign Countries , have been prepared , and are hereunto annexed ; '
Easter and the other moveable Feasts , to be observed according to the new Calendar , Tables and Rules .
Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid , That the said Feast of Easter , or any of the moveable Feasts thereon depending , shall , from and after the said 2nd Day of September , be no longer kept or observed in that Part of Great Britain called England , or in any other the Dominions or Countries subject or belonging to the Crown of Great Britain , according to the said Method of Supputation now used , or the said Table prefixed to the Book of Common Prayer ; and that the said Table , and also the Column of Golden Numbers , as they are now prefixed to the respective Days of the Month in the said Calendar , shall be left out in all future editions of the said Book of Common Prayer ; and that the said new Calendar , Tables and Rules , hereunto annexed , shall be prefixed to all such future Editions of the said Book , in the Room and stead thereof ;
Feasts and Fasts , &c. to be according to the new Calendar .
and that from and after the said 2nd Day of September , all and every the fixed Feast - days , Holy - days and Fast - days , which are now kept and observed by the Church of England , and also the several solemn Days of Thanksgiving , and of Fasting and Humiliation , which by virtue of any Act of Parliament now in being are , from Time to Time , to be kept and observed , shall be kept and observed on the respective Days marked for the Celebration of the same in the said new Calendar ; that is to say , On the same respective nominal Days on which the same are now kept and observed ; but which according to the Alteration by this Act intended to be made as aforesaid , will happen 11 Days sooner than the same now do ; and that the said Feast of Easter , and all other moveable Feasts thereon depending , shall , from Time to Time , be observed and celebrated according to the said new Calendar , Tables and Rules hereunto annexed , in that Part of Great Britain called England , and in all the Dominions and Countries aforesaid , wherein the Liturgy of the Church of England now is , or hereafter shall be used ; and that
the two movable Terms of Easter and Trinity ,
and , and all Courts of what Nature or Kind soever ,
and all Meetings and Assemblies of any Bodies Politick or Corporate ,
and all Markets , Fairs and Marts , and Courts thereunto belonging ,
which by any Law , Statute , Charter , Custom or Usage are appointed , used or accustomed to be holden and kept at any moveable Time or Times depending upon the Time of Easter , or any other such moveable Feast as aforesaid , shall , from Time to Time , from and after the said 2nd Day of September , be holden and kept on such Days and Times whereon the same shall respectively happen or fall , according to the happening or falling of the said Feast of Easter , or such other moveable Feasts as aforesaid , to be computed according to the said new Calendar , Tables and Rules .
Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland , and Markets , Fairs and Marts to be held upon the same Natural days .
IV .
And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid , That
the several Meetings of the Court of Session ,
and Terms fixed for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland ,
in , the April Meeting of the Governor , Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens ,
Meeting of the Governor , Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens , and the holding and keeping of all Markets , Fairs and Marts , whether for the Sale of Goods or Cattle , or for the hiring of Servants , or for any other Purpose , which are either fixed to certain nominal Days of the Month , or depending upon the Beginning , or any certain Day of any Month ,
and all Courts incident or belonging to , or usually holden and kept with any such Fairs or Marts , fixed to certain Times as aforesaid ,
shall not , from and after the said 2nd Day of September , be continued upon , or according to the nominal Days of the Month , or the Time of the Beginning of any Month , to be computed according to the said new Calendar , but that from and after the said 2nd Day of September , the said Courts of Session and Exchequer , the said April Meeting , and all such Markets , Fairs and Marts as aforesaid , and all Courts incident or belonging thereto , shall be holden and kept upon , or according to the same natural Days , upon or according to which the same would have been so kept or holden , in case this Act had not been made ; that is to say , 11 Days later than the same would have happened , according to the nominal Days of the said new Supputation of Time , by which the Commencement of each Month , and the nominal days thereof , are anticipated or brought forward , by the Space of 11 Days ; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding .
‘ V .
And whereas , according to divers Customs , Prescriptions and Usages , in certain Places within this Kingdom , certain Lands and Grounds are , on particular nominal Days and Times in the Year , to be opened for Common of Pasture , and other Purposes ; and at other Times , the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds have a Right to inclose or shut up the same , for their own private Use ; and there is , in many other Instances , a temporary and distinct Property and Right vested in different Persons , in and to many such Lands and Grounds , according to certain nominal Days and Times in the Year : ’ And whereas the anticipating or bringing forward the said nominal Days and Times , by the Space of 11 Days , according to the said new Method of Supputation , might be attended with many Inconveniencies ; '
Be it therefore further declared , provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid ,
The Times for opening and inclosing of Commons , not altered .
That nothing in this Act contained shall extend , or be construed to extend , to accelerate or anticipate the Days or Times for the opening , inclosing or shutting up any such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid , or the Days or Times on which any such temporary or distinct Property or Right in or to any such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid is to commence ; but that all such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid shall from and after the said 2nd Day of September be , from Time to Time , respectively opened , inclosed , or shut up , and such temporary and distinct Property and Right in and to such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid , shall commence and begin upon the same natural Days and Times on which the same should have been so respectively opened , inclosed or shut up , or would have commenced or begun , in case this Act had not been made ; that is to say , 11 Days later than the same would have happened , according to the said new Account and Supputation of Time , so to begin on the said 14th Day of September as aforesaid .
Times of Payment of Rents , Annuities , &c .
VI .
Provided also , and it is hereby further declared and enacted , That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend , or be construed to extend , to accelerate or anticipate the Time of Payment of any Rent or Rents , Annuity or Annuities , or Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever , which shall become payable by Virtue or in Consequence of any Custom , Usage , Lease , Deed , Writing , Bond , Note , Contract or other Agreement whatsoever , now subsisting , or which shall be made , signed , sealed or entred into , at any Time before the said 14th Day of September , or which shall become payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force , or which shall be made before the Said 14th Day of September , or the Time of doing any Matter or Thing directed or required by any such Act or Acts of Parliament to be done in relation thereto ; or to accelerate the Payment of , or increase the Interest of , any such Sum of Money which shall become payable as aforesaid ;
Time of Delivery of Goods , Commencement or Expiration of Leases , &c .
or to accelerate the Time of the Delivery of any Goods , Chattles , Wares , Merchandize or other Things whatsoever ; or the Time of the Commencement , Expiration or Determination of any Lease or Demise of any Lands , Tenements or Hereditaments , or of any other Contract or Agreement whatsoever ; or of the accepting , surrendring or delivering up the Possession of any such Lands , Tenements or Hereditaments ; or the Commencement , Expiration or Determination of any Annuity or Rent ; or of any Grant for any Term of Years , of what Nature or Kind soever , by Virtue or in Consequence of any such Deed , Writing , Contract or Agreement ;
Time of attaining of the Age of 21 Years , & c. not altered .
or the Time of the attaining the Age of one and twenty Years , or any other Age requisite by any Law , Custom or Usage , Deed , Will or Writing whatsoever , for the Doing any Act , or for any other Purpose whatsoever , by any Person or Persons now born , or who shall be born before the said 14th Day of September ; or the Time of the Expiration or Determination of any Apprenticeship or other Service , by virtue of any Indenture , or of any Articles under Seal , or by reason of any simple Contract or Hiring whatsoever ; but that
all and every such Rent and Rents , Annuity and Annuities , Sum and Sums of Money , and the Interest thereof , shall remain and continue to be due and payable ;
and the Delivery of such Goods and Chattles , Wares and Merchandize , shall be made ;
and the said Leases and Demises of all such Lands , Tenements and Hereditaments , and the said Contracts and Agreements , shall be deemed to commence , expire and determine ;
and the said Lands , Tenements and Hereditaments shall be accepted , surrendered and delivered up ;
and the said Rents and Annuities , and Grants for any Term of Years , shall commence , cease and determine ,
at and upon the same respective natural Days and Times , as the same should and ought to have been payable or made , or would have happened , in case this Act had not been made ; and that no further or other Sum shall be paid or payable for the Interest of any Sum of Money whatsoever , than such Interest shall amount unto , for the true Number of natural Days for which the principal Sum bearing such Interest shall continue due and unpaid ; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be deemed or taken to have attained the said Age of one and twenty Years , or any other such Age as aforesaid , or to have completed the Time of such Service as aforesaid , until the full Number of Years and Days shall be elapsed on which such Person or Persons respectively would have attained such Age , or would have completed the Time of such Service as aforesaid , in case this Act had not been made ; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding .
See 26 Geo. 2 . c. 34 . s. 4 .
[ digg - reddit - me ] Reading the New York Times over the weekend , I came across a story that neatly symbolized one way the mainstream media perverts the news :
Mark Leibovich has an almost self - reflectively parodic digression in his article on the Peter Orszag “ scandal ” :
“ Everyone feels the need to say , ‘ I ’m really sorry I have to ask you about this ’ and ‘ I ’m only carrying out orders from my boss , ’ ” Mr. Baer said .
( For the record : this reporter was only acting on orders from his boss . )
And , of course , the Very Serious Media are not writing the Orszag Love - Child Story , they are merely writing about the media frenzy surrounding it .
The race to cover the scandal - of - the - day is one of the worst aspects of contemporary journalism – but the Orszag scandal is perhaps a fluffy variation of this dangerous habit .
Where the danger lies is in how it affects political fortunes and policy .
I am all for scandal - mongering about public officials – and invading their personal lives but only – as I wrote before in defense of indiscretion : “ If the media wants to report on some lewd scandal , they can at least do their audience the favor of avoiding the hypocritical moral posturing and just revel in the tawdriness of it .
It would at least be honest . ”
This faux - outrage – this sense that we must hold public officials to some imagined moral standard that has little to do with their actual job – is merely a crude excuse to allow “ journalists ” to cover tabloid gossip .
Tabloid gossip is fun and interesting – but when it is always framed as a serious judgment on some public figure or policy – it disfigures the political conversation .
You get the insanity of people claiming Bill Clinton is a bad president because he was an unfaithful husband .
You get people trying to claim Tiger Woods held himself up as some moral role model when in fact , he just claimed he was a really good golfer .
You get outrage over any statement deemed “ insensitive ” – from Harry Reid to Sonia Sotomayor to Trent Lott .
And much worse , when it comes to judging policies and legislation , journalists follow the same mentality – picking out scandalous elements at the expense of understanding what is going on .
Death panels !
Stimulus money going to “ imaginary ” ( i.e. mistyped ) districts !
Emails from climate change scientists that “ prove ” it is a hoax !
Bailouts to health insurance companies !
Giant vampire squids searching for cash !
These stories are presented to the public as the story when in fact they are mere sideshows – hence the name given to the media - political atmosphere that arose under Bill Clinton and has remained until today : The Freak Show .
This scandal - mongering creates reporting on policy that is entertaining but conveys a fundamentally limited view of what is actually being done and proposed .
As Ezra Klein has pointed out :
[ N]ewspapers work very hard to report things that are true , but they are less concerned with whether the overall impression from their reporting is a true impression .
The end result that we read day after day is faux - outrage presented without any perspective – with the citizenry being blocked from actually knowing what is going on behind the billowing smoke of scandal .
Like Loading ...
A CHP program consists of many concurrent processes , wired together .
They can be wired together with channels of any type ( here , colour indicates the type the channel carries ) that may be connected in one direction or the other :
They can also be joined with non-phased barriers ( which come in one colour , black ) :
Connection Example 1
Now consider this pair of processes , p that requires an incoming purple channel and outgoing red channel , and q that requires an incoming red channel and outgoing green channel :
It is incredibly obvious what is needed to wire them up : a red channel from p to q .
Once the two processes are connected in this way , they will become a new process , r , that requires an incoming purple channel ( which will be passed to p ) and an outgoing green channel ( which will be passed to q ) :
Connection Example 2
It remains obvious even for this slightly more complicated example , where p requires an incoming purple channel and a pair ( outgoing red channel , incoming blue channel ) , and q requires a pair ( incoming red channel , outgoing blue channel ) and a pair ( outgoing green channel , incoming beige channel ) :
Their composition into r is :
Connection Example 3
Finally , there is an example where p takes one argument — a pair ( outgoing red channel , enrolled barrier ) — and q takes two arguments — a pair ( incoming red channel , enrolled barrier ) , and an Int :
They compose into a process that only requires one argument , the Int :
Connectable Operators
It is child ’s play to work out how to connect the processes — and the user code should be just as easy .
I recently added the Connectable type - class to CHP to facilitate this kind of simple wiring .
I ’ll come to the implementation , but first here are the examples again , along with the code to wire them up ( the type for r can be inferred from the type of p and q , but I give all the types anyway ) :
p :: Chanin Purple -> Chanout Red -> CHP ( ) q :: Chanin Red -> Chanout Green -> CHP ( ) r :: Chanin Purple -> Chanout Green -> CHP ( ) r = p <= > q
p :: Chanin Purple -> ( Chanout Red , Chanin Blue ) -> CHP ( ) q :: ( Chanin Red , Chanout Blue ) -> ( Chanout Green , Chanin Beige ) -> CHP ( ) r :: Chanin Purple -> ( Chanout Green , Chanin Beige ) -> CHP ( ) r = p <= > q
p :: ( Chanout Red , EnrolledBarrier ) -> CHP ( ) q :: ( Chanin Red , EnrolledBarrier ) -> Int -> CHP ( ) r :: Int -> CHP ( ) r = p |<= > q
Note that the < = > operator is for when both processes take two parameters , and there are slight variants for other situations ; for example , | <= > for when the left - hand side only takes one parameter ( the bar indicates that this could be at the left - hand end of a pipeline of such processes ) .
Connectable Implementation
The implementation is simple enough that I will show it here .
We have our Connectable type - class :
class Connectable l r where connect :: ( ( l , r ) -> CHP a ) ->
CHP a
Given a CHP process requiring the two things connected , it will connect them for the duration of the process and run it .
So we have simple instances for channels and barriers :
instance Connectable ( Chanout a ) ( Chanin a ) where connect p = newChannelWR >>= p instance Connectable ( Chanin a ) ( Chanout a ) where connect p = newChannelRW >>= p instance Connectable EnrolledBarrier EnrolledBarrier where connect p = do b <- newBarrier enroll b $ \ b0 -> enroll b $ \ b1 -> p ( b0 , b1 )
Then the real power comes from the instances for pairs , triples and so on :
instance ( Connectable al ar , Connectable bl br ) =>
Connectable ( al , bl ) ( ar , br ) where connect p = connect ( \( ax , ay ) -> connect ( \( bx , by ) -> p ( ( ax , bx ) , ( ay , by ) ) ) )
This instance means that any two corresponding pairs of connectable things are also connectable .
This means that we can define our useful process composition operator and use it everywhere on all sorts of types :
(<=> ) :: Connectable l r => ( a -> l -> CHP ( ) ) -> ( r -> b -> CHP ( ) ) -> a -> b -> CHP ( ) ( < = > ) p q x y = p x | <= >| flip q y ( | < => | ) :: Connectable l r => ( l -> CHP ( ) ) -> ( r -> CHP ( ) ) -> CHP ( ) ( | <=>| ) p q = connect ( \( x , y ) -> p x < |*|> q y )
Now that we have this notion of connectable things , we can define further functions to connect a list of processes in a pipeline and so on ( these are provided for you in CHP ) .
My favourite function , which is required very often if you build 2D simulations , is the wrapped Grid operator , forthcoming in CHP 1.8.0 .
Given a data - type to represent 4 - way connectivity :
data FourWay above below left right = FourWay { above :: above , below :: below , left :: left , right :: right }
And provided above can connect to below , and left to right , we can wire up a list of lists of processes ( i.e. a 2D grid in waiting ) into a torus , that is a grid where the top edge connects to the bottom edge and the left edge to the right edge ( as is often the case in old arcade games ) :
wrappedGrid :: ( Connectable above below , Connectable left right ) => [ [ FourWay above below left right -> CHP a ] ] -> CHP [ [ a ] ]
The implementation is a little fiddly — but I can define it once in the CHP library , and you can use it with whatever channels and barriers you use to connect up your four - way wrapped - round 2D grid .
I ’m also going to define a similar operator for 8 - way connectivity .
By capturing the notion of two things being connectable , we are able to build operators and helper functions for such common topologies without caring whether the individual components are connected by channels of Ints , Strings , MyCustomDataType or by barriers .
I really like static typing , but sometimes it can get in your way .
For instance if you have a collection of objects and you want to perform an operation on the objects of a certain subclass you can run into problems .
I ’ve run the following code in Scala 2.8
// this is easy since everything are Strings scala > List ( " one " , " two " , " three " ) res0 : List[ java.lang .
String ] = List ( one , two , three ) scala > res0.foreach(x => println ( x.length ( ) ) ) 3 3 5 // with a mixed collection it gets harder scala > List ( " one " , 2 , " three " , 4.0 ) res2 : List [ Any ] = List ( one , 2 , three , 4.0 ) scala > res2.foreach(x => println ( x.length ( ) ) ) < console > : 6 : error : value length is not a member of Any // it is not enough to just filter out the objects that are Strings scala > res2.filter(_.isInstanceOf[ String ] ) res4 : List [ Any ] = List ( one , three ) // as we still have a List of Any scala > res4.foreach(x => println ( x.length ( ) ) ) < console > : 7 : error : value length is not a member of Any // both filtering and mapping is needed scala > res2.filter(_.isInstanceOf[ String ]).map(_.asInstanceOf[ String ] ) res6 : List [ String ] = List ( one , three ) // finally it works scala > res6.foreach(x => println ( x.length ( ) ) ) 3 5 // another option is to use pattern matching scala > res2.foreach ( _ match { case x: String => println ( x.length ) ; case _ => }) 3 5
I wanted a more elegant solution with less boiler plate so after playing around with implicit conversions and reified types I managed to come up with rather nice solution :
// define a class that implements a restrictTo method scala > class IterableWithRestrictTo[ A ] ( from : Iterable [ A ] ) { | def restrictTo [ B ]( implicit m : scala.reflect .
Manifest [ B ] ) = { | from.filter(m.erasure.isInstance(_ ) ).map(_.asInstanceOf[ B ] ) | } | } defined class IterableWithRestrictTo // define implicit conversion scala > implicit def makeIterableWithRestrictTo[ A ]( from : Iterable [ A ] ) = { | new IterableWithRestrictTo( from ) | } makeIterableWithRestrictTo : [ A ] ( from : Iterable [ A ] ) IterableWithRestrictTo[ A ] scala > List ( " one " , 2 , " three " , 4.0 ) res0 : List [ Any ] = List ( one , 2 , three , 4.0 ) // restrict to objects of type String scala > res0.restrictTo[ String ] res1 : Iterable [ String ] = List ( one , three ) // works since the collection have correct type scala > res1.foreach(x => println ( x.length ( ) ) ) 3 5
Using the name restrictTo clearly shows that not only is there a type conversion , but also a restriction to a subset of the elements .
Notice that the manifest is needed to get the reified type , since the type B is actually erased at compile time .
Read more about reified types in Scala .
Let me know you have another solution !
Show full PR text
D-LINK DEBUTS BOXEE BOX AT CES 2010 ; DIRECTLY LINKS INTERNET ENTERTAINMENT
SERVICES TO TVs EVERYWHERE
Networking pioneer and popular entertainment software
create the best way to get the free entertainment the Internet has to offer with no monthly fee
LAS VEGAS , CES Booth 36232 , South Hall , LVCC , Jan.
5 , 2010 - D - Link made lots of geeks and early adopters happy today by introducing the revolutionary Boxee Box by D - Link , winner of the CES Best of Innovations award in the Home Entertainment category .
The Boxee Box by D - Link reinterprets what TV should be .
The Boxee Box delivers movies , TV shows , music , and photos from a user 's computer , home network , and the Internet to their HDTV with no PC needed .
Additionally , Boxee 's core social features make it easy for friends to discover new content from each other through social networks like Facebook , Twitter , and more .
Internet Entertainment
Boxee is a popular PC , Mac , and Linux software program that lets users watch hundreds of thousands of popular TV shows and movies .
Instead of sifting through millions of confusing Web sites , when users search on Boxee , TV shows and movies are delivered to them with the click of a remote control .
Nearly a million Internet users around the world have already downloaded Boxee to enjoy their online entertainment .
The Boxee Box by D - Link takes the same popular software and offers it up as a great device -- the perfect companion to a high definition TV .
The Boxee Box by D - Link provides access to more than just traditional TV content .
It includes a huge library that spans the Internet , such as university courses , panel discussions , academic lectures , presentations , web - only videos and more from TED , Stanford , FORA.tv , Kid Mango , Next New Networks and others .
Boxee also makes it easy for users to add their own favorite entertainment sources with simple RSS or XML feeds available for most online video .
In addition to video content , Boxee users can access great music from sites like Pandora , last .fm , shoutcast , and We are Hunted as well as stunning photos from sites like flickr , Picasa and Facebook .
Personal Entertainment
For entertainment lovers who have built their own collections of digital media stored on their computer hard drive or home network , Boxee automatically identifies their content and downloads relevant cover art , synopses , reviews , subtitles , lyrics and more .
This feature turns boring files and folders into beautiful media libraries that make it simple and appealing to navigate a collection of favorite movies , TV shows , and playlists with a simple remote .
Furthermore , the Boxee Box by D - Link has extensive format support ( see below ) which ensures that when users hit the play button , they get instant gratification , with no need to download codecs or drivers .
Also , with built - in 802.11n
Wi -Fi support , it can transfer files without delay and from longer distances within a user 's home .
Social Features
The Boxee Box by D - Link keeps people connected with social features to help users discover new content from friends , experts , and tastemakers .
The first step to discovery is sharing , and Boxee makes this easy by letting people recommend any playing content to friends .
Additionally Boxee automatically uses recommendations from a user 's Twitter and Facebook friends so they can find new content and instantly enjoy it on the big screen .
Since anyone can build on top of Boxee 's open App platform , users can craft their own truly custom experience by creating or downloading plug-ins , add - ons , games , and more .
" We are pleased to partner with Boxee and to be the first with such a ground - breaking device , " said Nick Tidd , vice president of sales of D - Link Pan America and vice president of marketing for D - Link North America .
" This powerful device with its unique form factor truly leverages Boxee 's service and is the best way for consumers to quickly access the growing volume of Internet content , organize it and stream it to their TVs and home entertainment centers . "
" D- Link 's successful track record in bringing to market , award - winning digital home networking products , and its global marketing , distribution and channel sales capabilities made them a great fit for our first hardware vendor . " stated Andrew Kippen , vice president of marketing for Boxee , " The Boxee Box by D - Link gives consumers what they want - an easy way to watch Internet or personal entertainment in their living rooms with a simple set - top box that costs under $ 200 and has no monthly fees . "
The Boxee Box by D - Link is scheduled to ship in the first half of 2010 through the company 's vast network of retail and e-tail outlets , and at D - Link 's online store , www.dlinkshop.com.
Supported Codecs & Formats
Boxee can be used to play / view practically all common multimedia formats , including :
VIDEO :
Adobe Flash 10.1
H.264 ( MKV , MOV )
VC-1
WMV
MPEG -1
MPEG -2
MPEG -4
AVI
Xvid
Divx
PCM / LPCM
VOB
AUDIO :
MP3
WMA
WAV
AIFF
FLAC
AAC
DTS
Dolby Digital
Ogg Vorbis
PHOTO :
JPEG
TIFF
BMP
PNG
About D - Link
D- Link is the global leader in connectivity for small , medium and large enterprise business networking .
The company is an award - winning designer , developer and manufacturer of networking , broadband , digital electronics , voice , data and video communications solutions for the digital home , Small Office / Home Office ( SOHO ) , Small to Medium Business ( SMB ) , and Workgroup to Enterprise environments .
With millions of networking and connectivity products manufactured and shipped , D - Link is a dominant market participant and price / performance leader in the networking and communications market .
D- Link Systems , Inc. headquarters are located at 17595 Mt. Herrmann Street , Fountain Valley , CA , 92708 .
Phone ( 800 ) 326-1688 or ( 714 ) 885-6000 ; FAX ( 866 ) 743-4905 ; Internet www.dlink.com.
About Boxee
Boxee is the first " social " media center , whose free , downloadable software and enabled devices are changing the way consumers experience home entertainment .
On a computer or on a dedicated device connected to an HDTV , boxee gives users a simple way to bring all their entertainment into one place including personal movies , TV shows , music and photos , as well as streaming content from websites like Netflix , MLB.TV , Pandora , Last.fm , and flickr .
Users can also share information about what they 're watching so friends can enjoy it too through legal sources online .
Nearly a million people use Boxee to get their entertainment .
Learn how you can join them at www.boxee.tv.
D - Link , Boxee Box by D - Link and the D - Link logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of D - Link Corporation or its subsidiaries .
All other third party marks mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners .
Copyright © 2009 .
D - Link .
All Rights Reserved .
A pair of studies by Duke University neuroscientists shows powerful new evidence of a deep biological link between human music and speech .
The two new studies found that the musical scales most commonly used over the centuries are those that come closest to mimicking the physics of the human voice , and that we understand emotions expressed through music because the music mimics the way emotions are expressed in speech .
Composers have long exploited the perception of minor chord music as sad and major chord music as happy , now the Duke team thinks they know why .
In a paper appearing in the Journal of the Acoustical Society of America ( JASA ) , the Duke team , led by Dale Purves , a professor of neurobiology , found that sad or happy speech can be categorized in major and minor intervals , just as music can .
So your mother was right :
It 's not only the words you say , but how you say them .
In a second paper appearing Dec. 3 in the online journal PLOS One , Kamraan Gill , another member of the team , found the most commonly used musical scales are also based on the physics of the vocal tones humans produce .
" There is a strong biological basis to the aesthetics of sound , " Purves said .
" Humans prefer tone combinations that are similar to those found in speech . "
This evidence suggests the main biological reason we appreciate music is because it mimics speech , which has been critical to our evolutionary success , said Purves , who is also director of Duke 's Neuroscience and Behavioral Disorders Program and executive director of the A*STaR Neuroscience Research Partnership at the Duke - NUS Graduate Medical School in Singapore .
advertisement
To study the emotional content of music , the Duke team collected a database of major and minor melodies from about 1,000 classical music compositions and more that 6,000 folk songs and then analyzed their tonal qualities .
They also had 10 people speak a series of single words with 10 different vowel sounds in either excited or subdued voices , as well as short monologues .
The team then compared the tones that distinguished the major and minor melodies with the tones of speech uttered in the different emotional states .
They found the sound spectra of the speech tones could be sorted the same way as the music , with excited speech exhibiting more major musical intervals and subdued speech more minor ones .
The tones in speech are a series of harmonic frequencies , whose relative power distinguishes the different vowels .
Vowels are produced by the physics of air moving through the vocal cords ; consonants are produced by other parts of the vocal tract .
In the PLOS One paper , the researchers argue the harmonic structure of vowel tones forms the basis of the musical scales we find most appealing .
They show the popularity of musical scales can be predicted based on how well they match up with the series of harmonics characteristic of vowels in speech .
Although there are literally millions of scales that could be used to divide the octave , most human music is based on scales comprised of only five to seven tones .
The researchers argue the preference for these particular tone collections is based on how closely they approximate the harmonic series of tones produced by humans .
Though they only worked with western music and spoken English , there is reason to believe these findings are more widely applicable .
Most of the frequency ratios of the chromatic musical scale can be found in the speech of a variety of languages .
Their analysis included speakers of Mandarin Chinese , said Duke neuroscience graduate student Daniel Bowling , who is the first author on the JASA paper , and this showed similar results .
" Our appreciation of music is a happy byproduct of the biological advantages of speech and our need to understand its emotional content , " Purves said .
It would be hard to say whether singing or speech came first , but graduate student Dan Bowling supposes " emotional communication in both speech and music is rooted in earlier non-lingual vocalizations that expressed emotion . "
FRESNO , CA -- Writing a column on the military history of Tibet seemed like a good idea in the good old days , a week ago , before I started actually trying to research it .
I ’ve never , ever had a harder time finding decent info on a topic .
Browse Column
One reason is sheer shame ; the Brits , for instance , do n’t want anybody to know they invaded Tibet in 1904 and slaughtered a whole bunch of Tibetans for no reason except they were bored .
But some of the stuff on Tibetan military history is just so damn weird it made me feel like that scene in Ghostbusters where Rick Moranis gets possessed by some ancient demon and starts ranting : “ During the rectification of the Vuldronaii the Traveller came as a very large and moving Torb .
Then of course in the third reconciliation of the last of the Meketrex supplicants they chose a new form for him , that of a Sloar .
Many Shubs and Zuuls knew what it was to be roasted in the depths of the Sloar that day I can tell you . ”
I always liked that last bit , “ … I can tell you . ”
Gives that human touch , especially from a five - foot - nothing little dweeb like Moranis .
But let me tell you , that story about the Torb and the Shubs was light reading compared to what I ’ve been digging through to research medieval Tibetan military history .
Here ’s an example from Karl - Heinz Everding ’s lively little article , “ The Mongol States and their Struggle for Dominance over Tibet in the 13th century ” : “ … The troops of approximately ten myriarchies of Central Tibet ( Tib. dbus gtsang ) marched toward the [ Stod Hor — the Mongol army , I think — GB ] .
They met on the dpal mo dpal thang .
[ Oh , that thang ! — GB Sorry , could n’t resist . ]
The ten myriarchies of Tibetan troops defeated the many hundreds of thousands of Stod Hor troops .
As proof of having killed many thousand Hor , they cut off only the right ears [ of the dead ] and put them into many donkey loads ( Tib. ‘ drel khal ) .
Having made Gad du Rin chen and the Dgon pa dbon prisoner and having taking [ sic ] them along , the ears started stinking .
After they had exposed them to the sun on a cool plain , the stone enclosure where the [ smell ] disappeared , is today known as ‘ stone enclosure of the ears ’ ( Tib. Rna ba ’i lhas ) . ”
And that ’s one of the lighter bits .
If life has been too easy and fun for you lately , you ’re welcome to read the whole article in a volume with the catchy , original title of “ Tibet : Past and Present . ”
It ’s a funny thing about writing columns on war : some pretty insignificant conflicts have tons of stuff written about them , and others , big and important wars , get no press at all .
Like when I had to write about the Algerian civil wars , there was nothing any good about them anywhere .
Sometimes it ’s a language problem , like with Algeria , where anything that might be any use was in French or Arabic .
That was part of the problem reading up on Tibet , because I do n’t read Chinese and there ’s no translation program for Chinese that seems to work .
( If anybody knows of one , let me know . )
But there ’s a much bigger problem : Tibetans are steppe people , inland Asian people , which makes them alien to us Western sea-oriented cultures , just like Mongols are alien to us .
I found that out back when I was a huge fan of the Mongols — well , I still am , but I ’m content to worship the Khans from afar now ; back then I wanted to learn everything about them .
So I checked out a book called “ The Secret History of the Mongols , ” supposedly written by a tame scribe taking dictation from the Khans ’ family genealogist himself .
That book defeated me as one - sidedly as the British defeated the Tibetans in their 1904 .
That ’s right , by the way , the Brits invaded Tibet just a hundred - odd years ago , though nobody seems to remember .
I ’ll get to that later .
My point here is that after I read the “ Secret History of the Mongols ” I knew less than I did before .
Or maybe I just knew once and for all that much as I admire the Mongol warriors , I ’ll never really understand how they thought .
The Tibetans are even harder to figure out , because on top of that Central Asian weirdness is all this Richard - Gere do - gooder nonsense about the peace - loving Tibetans assaulted by the ruthless Red Chinese .
Both parts of that story are wrong , wrong , wrong .
The Tibetans were never peaceful people at all .
They were one of the most warlike peoples in Central Asia and even conquered the Chinese capital , Chang ’ An , in their heyday .
And the Red Chinese — who could be brutal when the situation called for it , sure — were actually very decent when they took over Tibet in 1950 .
They felt bad about it at the time , a weird mixture of professional military embarrassment and sheer pity , taking the PLA , battle - hardened from twenty years of fighting the Kuomintang and the Imperial Japanese , into battle against the “ Tibetan Army , ” such as it was .
The military history of Tibet divides pretty clearly into two parts : the glory days of the 7th - 9th century , when Tibet actually challenged China for dominance in south - central Asia , and the sad , slow decline ever since , where the slogan would be : “ Tibet , where old meets new and loses . ”
The Chinese takeover in 1950 was just the latest in a series of one - sided defeats for Tibet .
The invasion was organized by one of Mao ’s best generals , a short little dude with a knack for one - liners and a can - do attitude .
You may have heard of him : Deng Hsiao - Peng .
The guy who brought down the Gang of Four , coined the anti-Cultural Revolution line , “ It does n’t matter if a cat is black or white as long as it catches mice ” ?
Yeah , him .
He had one of his classic lines about how organizing the attack on poor ol ’
Tibet made him feel : “ …. like a tiger trying to catch a fly . ”
They love those animal sayings , the Chinese .
Do n’t like actual animals much , but they love to make them into proverbs — or soup , depending on whether it ’s quip - time or lunchtime .
Deng only requested 80,000 troops for the invasion — not much for the PLA and its alleged addiction to human - wave tactics .
The plan was always to do an Invasion Lite , with lots of talk about the ancient friendship of Tibet and China — which was also a lie , of course .
Against the Chinese the Tibetans had not so much an army as a mobile family campground — the Tibetan soldiers took their whole families with them on maneuvers .
The governor of Tibet ’s eastern province called the Lamas back in Lhasa to say , “ Umm , I ’ve got Chinese massing on the border , Your Holiness Sir ! ”
He was told that it was very impertinent of him to bother the Holy Administrators because they were on their annual picnic .
I ’m sorry but it ’s hard to feel much sympathy with a country like that .
When the Chinese crossed the border , the Tibetans fought as well as they could , which was pretty damn badly .
Their army was mostly cavalry , a lot of it still armed with swords .
There were about 200 artillery pieces and about that many machine guns to defend the whole country .
The Chinese veteran soldiers , who ’d marched thousands of miles and fought every kind of enemy , could n’t believe it when they saw Tibetans charging them with swords raised .
They did n’t so much defeat the Tibetans as restrain them , the way you would an escaped lunatic .
“ Whoa , take it easy there fella , c’mon , put down the sword before somebody gets hurt … . ”
They could have wiped out the entire Tibetan force like the British did in similar circumstances in 1904 , but whatever else you can say about the ChiComs , they were a lot harder on their own people than on foreigners , and they just flat - out pitied the Tibetans .
They got the captured Tibetan soldiers together and lectured them on socialism — they were big believers in motivational seminars , those Maoists , talk your ear off — then gave the Tibetans money and noodles and a pat on the back and told them to go home and not play with swords any more .
If there were any Tibetan war nerds around in 1950 , which is kind of hard to imagine , then it must have been a hard day for them .
But they should have seen it coming , because the Brits had invaded Tibet just a half - century before — and they were n’t nearly as nice to the Tibetans .
I keep telling you guys , you ’ve got the completely wrong idea about the Brits .
You ’ve been watching too many of those BBC comedies where everybody ’s cute and harmless .
The Brits , up to the mid-20th - century , were stone killers , the most ruthless conquerors of the past thousand years .
They invaded Tibet in 1904 basically because they were bored .
I ’m serious .
They owned everything on the planet worth having , so they were always having to i nvent new “ menaces ” to get funding for more invasions , grabbing the places they had n’t considered worth taking in their earlier waves of conquest .
So in the late 1800s they started talking up the Russian “ threat ” to swarm over the Himalayas and take away India .
That was such utter crap that even the Brits talking up the threat must have had a laugh about it over their port , back at the officers ’ club .
Russia was weak , so weak that the Japanese crushed it on land and sea in 1905 .
The British knew Russia was in no position to threaten India .
What they wanted was an easy conquest that would produce lots of medals , honors , stuff to wear on their chests in the London social season so they could snag an heiress and never have to work .
So they invaded Tibet .
The guy who ran that invasion , Francis Younghusband , was quite a piece of work himself .
One of those India - born Brits , who were generally fiercer and crazier even than the homegrown English .
And he had that other feature that makes for a really ruthless conqueror : he was , like his biographers say , “ deeply religious . ”
If you hear that about a guy who ’s about to invade your country , go down to the basement , hoard lots of water and canned goods , and try to make yourself invisible for the next few years , because it ’s not going to be pretty .
Younghusband marched into Tibet in December 1903 with a force of Sikhs and Gurkhas — pretty scary mix , like rottweiler plus pit bull .
And the Gurkhas were definitely the pit bulls in that pair .
Sikhs are very tough but not blood - crazy .
The Gurkhas were not only devoted lovers of knife - work , especially on POWs , but ancient enemies of the Tibetans .
It did n’t take much to push them to a massacre .
The Tibetans knew the British were dangerous and tried not to resist at all .
But as the British force pushed farther and farther into Tibet , the local commanders decided to resist .
That was a mistake .
This was n’t Tony Blair ’s cool Britannia they were dealing with .
On March 31 , 1904 , Younghusband encountered a Tibetan militia force of about 2000 guarding a pass near Gyantse .
He must have had a hard time keeping a straight face or wiping the drool from his lips , thinking about the medals he ’d get for this one , because the Tibetans were armed either with spears and swords or at best with matchlock muskets .
That ’s right : the kind of 17th - century firearm that wo n’t fire unless you apply the smouldering wick to the firing pan .
Younghusband decided to play with the poor fuckers he was facing .
He said , “ My friends , my friends , what ’s all this hostility ?
Why dees paranoia ?
Here , I ’ll tell MY soldiers to take the bullets out of their rifles , and you tell YOUR soldiers to put out the flame of their matchlocks . ”
The Tibetans , who had no idea that Younghusband ’s troops had modern repeating rifles , put out their matchlocks .
Younghusband then ordered his troops to open fire .
1300 Tibetans were killed , with almost no British casualties .
Younghusband thought it was a great triumph .
But this was already late in the Imperial era and the people back home had had enough of this kind of triumph ; in fact , it sort of made them sick .
The whole thing was hushed up , and remains hushed up to this day — ask any Brit you know if they ever heard of their invasion of Tibet and I guarantee they ’ll plead ignorance .
It ’s probably better that way , makes it easy to put one of those “ Free Tibet ” rising - sun stickers on your Land Rover without feeling like a hypocrite .
It ’s much easier to be a do - gooder about Tibet if you ’re totally ignorant of Central Asian history , like the days when Tibetan conquerors filled up whole carts with the ears of guys they ’d killed .
Even this idea that Tibet is the homeland of Buddhism , the most Buddhist place on the planet , is crap ; Tibet got Buddhism very late , trying it on a couple of times before it took .
The glory days of Tibet were before Buddhism , which is probably not a coincidence .
If I had to respect any religion it ’d be the Buddhists because they ’re quiet and they seem pretty well - behaved , but it ’s not the kind of creed you ’d want to conquer with .
Before you got your army out the door , some annoying Zen type would be saying in that quiet serious voice they put on , “ Is not the greatest conquest that of peace ? ”
To which you ’d have to say , “ No , it ’s a tossup between Alexander and the Mongols and would you please put your neck a little farther out the door ?
It ’s at a bad angle for me from there . ”
And that would n’t set the tone for a happy war of conquest , the local monk getting his head blown off at the start .
The Tibetans in their conquering days — which means roughly in Charlemagne ’s time — were followers of something called Bon , or Bun , which sounds either like the department store in Seattle or part of a hamburger , but apparently was some sort of mix of Taoist magic and Mongol shamanism .
Sounds pretty fun .
And it worked as a military religion , almost as good as Mithras or Anglicanism .
The Tibetans had a fearsome reputation as warriors who were honored to die in battle , thought they were headed for their version of Valhalla , which would probably involve big vats of tea with yak - butter and maybe central heating if they were especially worthy .
The little I ’ve been able to find out about medieval Tibetan armies came mostly from a great site I found where Chinese military buffs get together and talk about really cool stuff , like why the Tibetans had a reputation for particularly tough , impenetrable body armor .
According to these Chinese war nerds , who really seem to know their stuff , the Tibetans ’ main weapon was something like the Persian / Byzantine cataphract or heavily armored cavalryman , and they used mail to cover the horse as well as the rider .
According to their enemies , the Tang - dynasty Chinese warriors , the Tibetans were excellent with the sword and spear but weak on missile weapons , i.e. archery .
One of the cool details I read on this China History Forum site and can’t help mentioning even though it ’s kind of off - topic is how the Tang armies dealt with barbarian enemies who wore lacquered armor : they fired burning arrows into the breastplates !
Whoa !
“ One clay - pot barbarian roasted in shellac , coming up !
Rice or noodles with that ? ”
The Tibetan Empire these warriors protected stretched from the Silk Road to the Bay of Bengal .
Tibetans ruling Bangladeshis — wish I could ’ve seen that .
Sitting there in the felt boots they never took off from one year to the next , pouring sweat like the Abominable Snowman in Bugs Bunny : “ Gosh it ’s hot ! ”
Seriously though , heat was a real danger to steppe armies .
The Mongols actually abandoned part of what ’s now Pakistan because they just said fuck it , it ’s too hot .
Not that they could n’t handle heat , but they expected the occasional nice refreshing blizzard out of Siberia to cool themselves and their beloved ponies off .
Uninterrupted heat , year - round , they considered disgusting and unnatural .
And speaking as a fat man , I have to say I agree .
( There were fat Mongols , by the way .
Subotai was so fat no pony would carry him .
You skinny people think you own everything . )
Climate seems crucial to the whole idea of a Tibetan empire .
I mean , have you seen a map of Asia ?
Tibet is one big flat mountaintop .
Only place in the world as high and dry as Tibet is the Andean highlands in South America .
Now there they grew potatoes ; what did the Tibetans grow to feed their armies ?
I have n’t been able to find out yet , but one thing that occurred to me is that the era when the Tibetan empire was going strong was the same time the Vikings pushed into the far north and even set up a colony in Greenland .
It was one of those warm phases you get every few centuries , when some Dark - Ages Al Gore starts shrieking , “ Global warming !
‘ Tis Satan ’s work !
We ’re doomed ! ”
But more enterprising conquerors see opportunity , like the sales seminars say , where doomsayers see only crisis .
Warm weather meant the Norsemen could pop out enough kids to send the long ships into every creek in Eurasia .
And I ’m thinking maybe it meant the Tibetans could have their day in the sun too — before those ears started to stink .
So if the planet really does warm up again , who knows ?
Watch out , all you tropical products : the Norse might ride again !
The Tibetans might grow enough barley or whatever to march on Beijing !
Yeah .
Those are about equally likely .
Makes a nice fantasy though .
Gary Brecher 's book The War Nerd will be available this June .
Exclusive : President Obama Says Voter Anger , Frustration Key to Republican Victory in Massachusetts Senate Obama to Senate : do n't " jam " through health care until Brown is seated
Jan. 20 , 2010  -- President Obama warned Democrats in Congress today not to " jam " a health care reform bill through now that they 've lost their commanding majority in the Senate , and said they must wait for newly elected Massachusetts Republican Scott Brown to be sworn into office .
The president also said the same voter anger that swept him into office in 2008 carried Brown into office on a stunning upset victory Tuesday night over heavily favored Democrat Martha Coakley .
Watch George Stephanopoulos ' exclusive interview with Obama tonight on " World News " and " Nightline " and tomorrow on " Good Morning America . "
Check your local listings .
" Here 's my assessment of not just the vote in Massachusetts , but the mood around the country : the same thing that swept Scott Brown into office swept me into office , " the president said in an exclusive interview with ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos .
" People are angry and they are frustrated .
Not just because of what 's happened in the last year or two years , but what 's happened over the last eight years . "
Brown defeated Coakley in the special election to replace the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy .
With his victory , Brown becomes the 41st Republican vote in the Senate -- meaning Democrats have lost the 60 - seat super - majority they need in the Senate to avoid a Republican filibuster .
Obama insisted today that the Senate wait for Brown to be seated before they make any changes to its version of the health care reform legislation .
" Here 's one thing I know and I just want to make sure that this is off the table :
The Senate certainly should n't try to jam anything through until Scott Brown is seated , " the president said .
" People in Massachusetts spoke .
He 's got to be part of that process . "
" I think point number two is that it is very important to look at the substance of this package and for the American people to understand that a lot of the fear mongering around this bill is n't true , " Obama said .
Obama also said it was important for the American people to take a look at the substance and details of the health care reform legislation that Congress is considering .
Read excerpts of the exclusive interview here .
President Obama Says to ' Coalesce ' Around ' Core Elements '
" I would advise that we try to move quickly to coalesce around those elements of the package that people agree on , " he said .
The president said there are " core elements " to the health care legislation that both Republicans and Democrats agree on and they must come together to work for comprehensive reform .
" We know that we need insurance reform , that the health insurance companies are taking advantage of people .
We know that we have to have some form of cost containment , because if we do n't , then our budgets are going to blow up , " he said .
" And we know that small businesses are going to need help so that they can provide health insurance for their families .
Those are the core , some of the core elements of this bill . "
If a bill were to be pushed through Congress before Brown takes office , it would be up to the House to accept the changes in the bill that the Senate wants .
That would eliminate the need for the Senate to vote on it again .
Obama did not pressure the House to accept the Senate 's version of the reform bill .
" I think it is very important for the House to make its determinations .
I think , right now , they 're feeling obviously unsettled and there were a bunch of provisions in the Senate bill that they did n't like , and so I can't force them to do that , " he said .
" Now I will tell you , " he added , " and I 've said this before , that the House and the Senate bill overlap about 90 percent .
And so , it does seem to me that there should be a way of , after all this work and all this pain , there should be a way of taking what 's best in both bills and going ahead and getting that done . "
Brown campaigned against the legislation that the Senate passed with a straight partisan vote on Christmas Eve .
Even some prominent Democratic leaders have said that his victory signals the death of the health care bill .
Both House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid insisted today that the Democrats ' plan for a health care overhaul will move forward .
" We will move forward with those considerations in mind , but we will move forward , " Pelosi , D - Calif . , told the U.S. Conference of Mayors today .
She did not specify what Plan B is .
Reid would only vaguely say , " There are a lot of different options out there . "
Read excerpts of the exclusive interview here .
ABC News ' Huma Khan contributed to this report .
Original Image
Well that ’s not very good …
Ap Index at 1 , Sun Sleeping
OK , as I understood it , the AP Index was supposed to be about as low as it could go at the 2 to 3 range .
Now we hit ONE ?
Perhaps this has something to do with all the cold and frozen in the world right now …
With a sun activity index like this , as close to zero as that , I have to wonder :
Is it time to worry about a little ice age yet ?
The Brutal Winter is Starting to Change Minds
Original image from this UK Daily Mail article about the impacts of snow in the U.K .
And when people start to turn , it shows up first in humor , as in the cartoon above .
Neil Sankey has spent his life investigating organised crimes .
As a former British police officer with almost 20 years experience , he was seconded to elite units of Scotland Yard through most of the 1970s and now runs his own private detective agency in California .
Over the years he has been involved in some big investigations .
As part of the Special Branch and Bomb Squad he monitored British leftwing groups and the IRA , and in America his clients have included several big car companies .
But never has he handled anything quite as monumental as the investigation that is absorbing his energies today .
Sankey is pursuing what he believes to be fraud on a gigantic scale — a conspiracy , no less , to infiltrate and destroy the free world by putting a foreign imposter into the White House .
Sankey is a member of the fringe alliance known widely as the Birthers ( he dislikes the expression , considering it pejorative ) .
Together with other activists , he seeks to prove that Barack Obama is not a true American and is therefore ineligible to be president .
Over the past year Sankey has been at the centre of some of the most aggressive efforts by the Birthers to unseat the president .
At the end of last year he tried to block Obama 's inauguration by contacting all 538 electoral college representatives who formally elect the president .
More recently , he has carried out his own probe into Obama 's personal identification history which has revealed , he believes , a suspicious multiplicity of social security numbers .
Sankey says his fascination began with the realisation " that this man was n't what he said he was .
He was n't an ordinary Democrat — he was far more extreme than that . "
So about a year ago he began reading blogs and websites that claimed to expose Obama 's foreign roots , his spurious Hawaiian birth certificate and the $ 2 m
White House cover - up that has prevented the public finding out about the plot .
His travels put him in touch with Orly Taitz , one of the most energetic and flamboyant of the Birther leaders .
Of Moldovan extraction , she emigrated via Israel to California where she works as a dentist and lawyer .
She has filed numerous legal suits around the country on behalf of serving US military personnel attempting to prevent their deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan on the grounds that they should not be taking orders from an illegally serving commander - in - chief .
Sankey 's journey from having worked in some of the most elite police units in Britain to taking part in a movement dedicated to the pursuit of a paranoid conspiracy theory may seem bizarre .
But he insists it has been a natural progression .
He joined the Hampshire force in 1961 , and was seconded as a detective sergeant to Scotland Yard where he developed a specialism tracking leftwing political groups and the IRA .
" We created an operation into what we called revolutionary criminality — monitoring leftwing bookshops and extremist literature , following the leftist fringe and the Marxist links of the IRA . "
In 1980 he moved to California , set up his agency , and became a naturalised American in 1985 .
Sankey contends that his police experience in England now informs his fight against Obama .
" It 's quite obvious to me — America is heading towards a socialised state just as has happened in Europe .
Socialised medicine , everyone on the dole , and when everything collapses you tip the scales into Marxism . "
He also believes his training in Scotland Yard is now reaping benefits for the Birthers .
The same techniques he used to analyse the IRA 's associations he is now applying to Obama .
Most recently , he carried out an exhaustive search of databases that he claims threw up 140 different identification numbers and addresses for " Barack Obama " .
He admits the findings prove nothing — there is nothing to link the entries to the president — but he believes it raises further doubts that need investigating .
Taitz says Sankey 's UK police expertise has been invaluable .
" He has had superb training .
I have the greatest respect for Scotland Yard . "
The Birther movement is not a unique phenomenon within US politics .
Bill Clinton was accused by conspiracy theorists of having murdered his friend and White House legal adviser Vince Foster ; George Bush had to contend with the Truthers who believe he was the mastermind behind the 9/11 attacks .
But the Birthers are unlike previous movements in that they are focused on who Obama is rather than what he does .
" There is no other president who has had his citizenship questioned in this way , " says Patricia Turner , an expert in folklore at the University of California , Davis .
Turner says that the popular Birther theories that Obama has used fake Hawaiian documents to disguise the fact he was born in Kenya or Indonesia are retellings of an old story .
" This is just a proxy for old - fashioned racism .
They are driven by hostility towards anything they see as foreign or exotic . "
Although the Birthers are on the fringe of American politics , they are part of a wider surge of rightwing anger towards Obama 's perceived socialist policies that is sweeping the country .
As such they can command considerable support .
An internet petition demanding an official inquiry into Obama 's origins has been signed by almost 500,000 ; critics say the number is inflated by multiple clicks .
Like any virulent conspiracy theory , that of Obama 's birth has proved immune to the intervention of fact .
When Obama 's birth certificate in Hawaii was digitally scanned for all to see , it was denounced as a forgery .
The birth notices printed by two Hawaii newspapers announcing his birth in August 1961 were similarly dismissed .
Dozens of legal actions have been brought before the courts by Taitz and other Birther leaders , and so far every one has been thrown out .
Last month a federal judge dismissed Taitz 's lawsuit seeking to challenge the chain of military command up to Obama as commander - in - chief .
In a devastating ruling , the judge accused Taitz of trying to " emasculate the military " in a way that would " leave this country defenceless " .
None of these setbacks have dissuaded Sankey .
He says accusations of racism are smears that he has come to expect .
" The objection is not Obama 's colour but his politics .
I like him as a person , I just wish he was genuine . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A classified Pentagon assessment shows about one in five detainees released from the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay has joined or is suspected of joining militant groups like al Qaeda , U.S. officials said on Wednesday .
Flags wave above the sign posted at the entrance to Camp Justice , the site of the U.S. war crimes tribunal compound , at Guantanamo Bay U.S. Naval Base in Cuba May 31 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Brennan Linsley / Pool
The disclosure comes amid revelations that former Guantanamo detainees had joined al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- a Yemen - based group believed to be behind a failed plot to blow up a U.S. passenger jet on Christmas Day .
Under pressure to increase safeguards , President Barack Obama announced on Tuesday that he had suspended the transfer of additional Guantanamo detainees to Yemen , citing the deteriorating security situation in the country .
But Obama said the suspension would not prevent him from closing the prison , which was opened in early 2002 by the Bush administration to house terrorism suspects .
More than 560 detainees from Guantanamo have been released , the vast majority of them by the Bush administration .
An Obama administration official said the White House had received “ no information that suggests that any of the detainees transferred by this administration have returned to the fight . ”
Six Yemeni detainees were sent home days before the December 25 attempted bombing .
There are 198 detainees left at Guantanamo , which once held 750 , Pentagon officials said .
Among those still being held there , roughly 91 are Yemeni .
The Guantanamo facility has been condemned internationally because detainees were denied due process for years and for harsh interrogations conducted there .
A previous Pentagon assessment last April showed that 14 percent of former detainees had joined or were suspected of joining militant groups , up from 11 percent in December 2008 .
The officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said the revised Pentagon assessment showed that percentage had grown to about 20 percent .
‘ INEXACT SCIENCE ’
Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell declined to comment on the latest figures , saying they remained classified , but told reporters , “ The trend has n’t reversed itself . ”
Morrell said the vetting process for releasing detainees was an “ inexact science , ” adding : “ You know , we are making subjective calls based upon judgment , intelligence .
And so there is no foolproof answer in this realm .
That ’s what makes this so difficult . ”
The Obama administration official said steps had been taken to improve detainee reviews .
A special Guantanamo task force was created by Obama “ to conduct the thorough work that had not been done before : to review the relevant information about each detainee , including the threat they pose , to determine whether they should be prosecuted , detained , or transferred , ” the official said .
Critics have long accused the Pentagon of exaggerating the threat posed by detainees .
“ This is more scaremongering , ” Clive Stafford - Smith , director of the UK - based legal charity Reprieve , which represents several detainees at the facility .
“ If the Pentagon was honest about its numbers , it would publish the names of those who have ‘ gone back to the fight ’ and the allegations against them .
...
Let ’s have this discussion in the open and stop deceiving people , ” he added .
Obama has encountered various complications in trying to close the Guantanamo facility and has acknowledged he will not be able to meet a self - imposed one - year deadline to close it that he promised when he took office last January .
Just last month , Obama ’s aides announced the U.S. government would proceed with buying an Illinois prison and is bolstering security there so a limited number of Guantanamo detainees can be transferred to it .
But Congress has yet to provide the military the authority or funding to transfer inmates to Illinois and Republicans have argued moving them there posed an unnecessary security risk .
View Transcript
Transcript
Man says , " Hello , Wally .
Human resources assigned me to be your ergo buddy . "
Wally says , " My what ? "
Man says , " I 'll observe while you work .
Then give you suggestions on improving your ergonomics . "
Man says , " Your posture is all wrong , and your keyboard needs to be lower . "
Man says , " Your bad ergonomic practices have turned you into a golem . "
Wally says , " Golem ? "
Man says , " It means a shapeless mass imbued with life .
A lump .
Clod , or fool . "
Man says , " It 's right here on my checklist .
After " Boneless chicken . "
Wally says , " Does that say you 're supposed to pour salt on me until I dry up and die ? "
Man says , " Let 's pretend you did n't see that . "
I feel like I hear a lot these days about anthropology ’s need to be more engaged , more accessible , more readable and more relevant .
There are obviously many different motives behind these concerns , from seeking attention to raising the prestige of the discipline to creating a public anthropology to being true to the concerns and needs of our subjects and collaborators .
But one thing I do n’t hear people say is that we need more “ Anthropology Journalism . ”
I mean that primarily on analogy with ( or as a subset of ) science journalism .
It is a very rare experience to open up the Tuesday NY Times and see an article about recent research in anthropology –to say nothing of rags like scientific american , Wired , Discover or the New Scientist .
Of all the “ news alerts ” I get , or the RSS feeds I browse from journalistic outlets , few to none ever report new findings , controversies , or questions coming out of the discipline .
And I get more news alerts and RSS feeds than I could possibly read in ten lifetimes .
Two qualifiers : first , I mean linguistic and cultural anthropology specifically .
Archaeology gets some love , though usually only when the findings are narrativized in a story of human origins or change , or when something truly rare is discovered .
Biological anthropology gets perhaps a bit less love than archaeology , though certainly more than cultural or linguistic , and only when it is clearly identified with another discipline ( evolutionary psychology , behavioral ecology , evolutionary theory , etc ) .
Jared Diamond , it appears , gets the rest of the attention .
Second , it ’s not a total lack .
A few weeks back the NY Times magazine ran a story about the Americanization of global mental illness .
That article had everything good and bad about science journalism going for it : it reported on recent research , digested it and used to to paint a compelling picture , but it also took liberties with the subtlety of the claims to make an overly broad argument in order to be provocative , and to sell more copies of the journalist ’s book .
A few years back , Dan Everett got a full profile in the New Yorker .
Tracy Kidder recently devoted a whole book to Paul Farmer ( though interestingly the publicity only refers to him as a doctor , not an anthropologist ) .
And speaking of Haiti , I ’ve heard more anthropologists interviewed in the last two weeks than in the whole of 2009 .
But basically there is no anthropology journalism to speak of .
Why not ?
There are a few arguments that are always used to explain why there may be science journalism but no anthropology journalism .
The harshest of these is that there is simply no interesting ( or objective , or reliable , or novel ) anthropology to report on .
The argument has a Glenn Beck feel to it , suggesting as it does the decline of western civilization and values and the destruction of all that is Good and Right by the scourge of French philosophy , postmodernism and dissolute tenured radicals .
Whatever .
Slightly less annoying is the frequent argument that our writing is inaccessible , jargon - laden , pretentious , or needlessly over - written .
This argument fails on the simple grounds that most scientific papers are totally inaccessible to a general audience .
Science journalism by journalists trained in science is absolutely essential to communicating what the vast majority of things scientists and engineers are up to today .
I wo n’t defend the wealth of bad writing in anthropology , but nor will I defend it in psychology or chemistry or engineering .
Have you read a conference paper in computer science lately ?
Not only is it likely to be totally inscrutable to you non-computer scientists , but it is also very likely to be extremely poorly written , badly punctuated , and generally abusive of the English language – though very prettily formatted using LaTeX
So let me propose three reasons that people do n’t usually seem to offer for why there is no anthropology journalism :
1 ) because there is n’t as much anthropology as there is science to report on .
This strikes me as a basic difference .
The simple volume of papers and reports published in most natural science and engineering disciplines absolutely dwarfs the number in anthropology .
Each year at the annual neuroscience conference in san diego there are over 20,000 posters and papers .
There are less than 8 K anthropologists in the AAA total .
It seems entirely likely to me that anthropology is being swamped by other information .
However , the proportion in science reporting does n’t seem to mirror the distribution of disciplines in universities , nor the number of students working on PhDs .
Certainly it reflects the relative wealth and prestige of some sciences over others .
And compared against the humanities generally , instead of the sciences , the argument makes somewhat less sense .
There is n’t much “ humanities ” journalism ( Chronicle of Higher Ed notwithstanding ) either , but the amount of reporting on the arts , history , literature or music that draws on scholarly work also dwarfs the reporting that draws on anthropology to explain culture .
2 ) because journalists already do what anthropologists do , only better .
How many of us have not had the experience of reading a really quality piece of investigative journalism in which the journalist has done her homework , traveled to the right places , talked to the right people , and basically explained a phenomenon in terms that suggest there is nothing much more to say ?
All kinds of things that graduate applicants write in their statements of purpose are likely to appear the following month or year in a magazine or newspaper , artfully done and reaching a far larger audience .
Kudos to the journalists who pull this off .
But that ’s never the end of the story .
Three weeks later , anthropologists are still puzzling over the significance of the phenomena reported on , and 5 years later are publishing articles that I think generally do a better job of explaining , rather than reporting , the causes , effects and long historical twists and turns of cultural phenomena .
Journalists tend to move on .
The temporality of anthropological research far from matches that of journalists , just as it is far slower than many of our colleagues in the natural sciences and engineering .
Changing that temporality might require a different approach .. and this , I think , is the third reason for a lack of anthropology journalism :
3 ) because anthropologists do not report on their research .
Cultural anthropologists have no tradition of publishing articles that simply describe their ongoing or recent research in brief but detailed , relatively standardized forms .
Instead , the journal article in cultural anthropology is a mini-book , replete with complex forms of argument and narrative , rich , detailed description and a complete list of references in the literature .
Whereas many scientists write a synthetic review article of research in their field once every couple of years , sub -fields of anthropology get one per decade , if that .
Whereas a brief article reporting some results in science looks like “ findings , ” a brief article by an anthropologist describing a bit or recent fieldwork looks paltry and insubstantial .
One result of this is that I honestly have no idea what the vast majority of my colleagues in anthropology are working on until well after they are done doing it , and this is a real failure when it comes to making anthropological research appear fresh .
If I were king , or Bill Davis , I would require every researching anthropologist to publish a paragraph describing ongoing research in a AAA publication at least once a year .
Such a resource , if done correctly and made freely available would of its own accord change the dynamics of attention to the discipline by outsiders .
3a ) because anthropologists ’ scholarly societies do not report on their research
A corollary to this reason is that the AAA leadership , editors of journals , and staff of the AAA have done little to innovate these forms of scholarly communication in the last 100 years , to say nothing of the last 10 , when they have done nothing more than resist such innovation , sometimes on principle ( preserving a tradition of scholarly production focused on monographs , books and critical distance , I suppose ) , sometimes out of fear and anxiety about the very sustainability of the scholarly enterprise .
Contrast this with the aggressive ( and to be sure , questionable ) shift in the sciences towards models of open access , publicity hounding , interaction with journalists , and repackaging of research in a range of scholarly forms ( think Freakonomics ) .
Perhaps in the long run , the traditionalism of the AAA will defend us against the craven onslaught of pecuniary interest and cozy complicity with neo-liberal capitalism .
But it will be a lonely 21st century .
The most poignant part of the lack of an anthropology journalism for me is that there are lots of things anthropologists know and understand about the world that few others know .
I never feel like I understand what ’s happening in the world when I listen to NPR , however good their reporting .
Sometimes I feel a bit more informed by a New Yorker or Atlantic article .
But I always walk away from quality anthropology with a sense that my brain has been rewired and that I now know better why things are happening the way they are … surely journalism can amplify that effect rather than dampen it ?
Like Kevin Roose in “ The Unlikely Disciple , ” last night , I infiltrated a foreign land .
In my case , the AMC Burbank 16 , where they were simulcasting Glenn Beck ’s live one - man show “ The Christmas Sweater : A Return To Redemption . ”
Here is my account , which is also posted at my other blog :
I went with my hilarious friend Brendan McLoughlin , who bought the crucial pre-show drinks .
That put me in charge of the tickets , which I purchased like a teenager buying porn .
“ Two for the Glenn Beck thing , ” I whispered into the microphone .
We were a minute or two late , so in the dark I could n’t tell who was there for real and who for fun .
But out of courtesy to both parties , there really should have been an open mockery section .
Glenn Beck starts crying almost immediately .
Like , in his introductory comments .
Like , very early in his introductory comments .
Like , literally fifteen seconds into the show .
And his tears are the tears of someone who ’s trying very , very hard to produce tears .
Is there anything more uncomfortable than being in the presence of someone who ’s trying to make himself cry ?
As it happens , yes : being in a movie theater full of people who are eating it the fuck up .
The open mockery section , we learned right away , held exactly two people .
“ This is my story , ” he tells us , “ This is YOUR story . ”
And thus begins “ The Christmas Sweater , ” which I will do my best to summarize : [ Spoiler alert , just in case . ]
Glenn , who calls himself “ Eddie , ” is the son of a poor but proud baker who dies of cancer when Eddie is 10 , leaving Eddie and his poor but proud mother alone and poor but proud .
For Christmas two years later , Eddie wants a bike , and his mother is working extra jobs to make his Christmas dreams come true .
But under the tree , Eddie finds nothing for himself but a sweater , a sweater his mother knitted for him , a sweater that she promises “ is just like the ones at Sears that cost $ 40 , and you know there ’s no money for that . ”
( If she ’s right , and Eddie does know there ’s no money for that , you have to wonder why Eddie thought there would be money for a much more expensive item like a bike , or why she did n’t level with the kid- who at 12 is certainly old enough to handle it - before Christmas .
Anyway : )
Oh , he HATES that itchy old Christmas sweater !
He throws it on the floor when he gets back to his room !
And then his mom comes in and sees it all in a heap , and she ’s heartbroken .
And that ’s when he realizes that the sweater was LOVE , and love is what ’s important .
But he hates that sweater and he angrily puts it on for the drive to his grandparents ’ house for Christmas dinner , but then he sees his mother ’s face and realizes that the sweater is made of human kindness .
Stupid sweater !
Seriously , it goes back and forth like this approximately 827 times .
Eddie and his mother and grandparents eat poverty and pride , and then Eddie says he wants to go home and play with his friends ’ gifts , because they probably got great toys .
So they make the drive home , whereupon his mother falls asleep at the wheel and dies .
We have not yet reached the point in the story when Glenn Beck lies onstage in the fetal position .
( Oh , also , at key moments , an obese black woman comes out and sings .
She ’s some kind of one - woman gospel - choir Greek chorus , and I ’m not sure she did n’t wander in from another show entirely .
ANYWAY :)
Eddie goes to live with his grandparents , and meets their neighbor Russell , who is , and this is a direct quote , “ covered with every speck of dirt from every farm in the world . ”
Russell talks like a homeless Pepperidge Farm guy who owns one self - help book .
“ You know , this horse is kind of like you . ”
“ You know , this old house here is kind of like you . ”
“ You know , my pleurisy is kind of likeyou . ”
Everything is kind of like Glenn Beck .
So Eddie and his grandpa , who you have correctly guessed is cantankerous , have trouble getting along , because they both blame themselves for Mom falling asleep at the wheel .
Eddie learns that that bike he wanted was in his grandpa ’s shed all along , and if he had n’t been such a dick , he would have gotten it .
So he gets furious and runs away for some reason .
He rides his bike into some cornfield and hits a rock and falls down , and he ’s too far away from home to walk back , and phones do n’t exist , so he ’s stuck .
And then A STORM APPROACHES !
A violent storm that ’s whipping cornstalks right out of the ground !
Where can young Eddie go ?
This is the part where he gets into the fetal position .
Mo’Nique sings him back out of it .
That ’s when Russell approaches , and tells him he needs to walk through the storm .
( If we ’re this far away from where he lives , you have to assume Russell came by car , so another option would be to drive into or around it , thereby staying dry .
Do n’t think too hard about it or we ’ll send the black lady out . )
“ You need to walk through it to get to the other side , Eddie !
This CORNFIELD is the dangerous place !
You know , this storm , ” I swear to God , you guys , “ is kind of like YOU . ”
So Russell takes Eddie by the hand and they make the really poor decision to walk through a cornfield in a tornado .
They make it to the other side where it ’s peaceful and dry , and then EDDIE WAKES UP AND HIS MOM WALKS IN .
It was all a dream .
( Or , not ALL of it , just the part after he was a dick at his grandparents ’ house .
Mom ’s alive , Dad is still poor and proud and dead . )
So now Glenn Beck believes in God and his heart grows three sizes and he carves the roast beast .
Jennifer Religious Holiday comes out and sings a song about how dreams can come true if you believe .
( Even though this particular dream was about our hero ’s mother dying in a car wreck . )
So that ’s how 12 - year - old Glenn Beck learned to love himself and God and family .
And then later he became a cokehead morning - zoo DJ and now he ’s a dick on TV thank you and goodnight !
AND THEN THE CAMERA PULLS BACK FROM A MOVIE SCREEN , and we realize that we ’ve been watching Glenn Beck watch last year ’s “ Christmas Sweater ” performance .
“ This is the first time I ’ve seen it since I performed it , ” he tells us .
( Really ?
You did n’t take a look , just to give yourself some notes ?
Your director did n’t play some things back for you ?
Really , Glenn ? )
He then cries .
Glenn reveals that Simon & Schuster urged him to give his story the happy ending we just saw , and that in reality , Mom did n’t come back .
In reality reality , Glenn Beck ’s dad did n’t die at all , his parents divorced when he was 13 , and his mother actually died a few years later , in what he says was a suicide .
So this whole thing turns out to be a dream within a memoir , which he ’s turned into a work of fiction , which he altered on his publishers ’ advice , which he ’s broadcasting himself live watching himself perform a year ago .
And actually on a three - hour delay for us here on the West Coast .
Jesus , now I ’m starting to cry .
He then cuts to taped packages profiling folks whose lives have been changed by his powerful story that is n’t true .
( One of them is a heroin addict who makes a point of revealing that his heavy use started on 9/11 . )
Their stories are intercut with pull - quotes , not from their own words , but from Glenn ’s .
“ Walk through your storm , ” etc .
At this point , we had had all we could stand .
The moral , which he helpfully spelled out for us just before we split was “ Do n’t be a victim , ” which is a solid message .
Too bad he put it across by pretending to cry for 90 minutes .
Anyway , I feel like I get him now .
He is plainly a frustrated , self - destructive , angry guy , and what he ’s trying to do in saying untenable , indefensible things on TV is what other people accomplish by getting slapped around by a dominatrix .
He wants to be punished .
He may prove to have some worthwhile things to say in the future , but right now he ’s playing out some weird childhood drama in front of all of us .
Let ’s do him and ourselves a favor and start ignoring him .
After all : you know , Glenn Beck is kind of like you .
[ 11.30.07 ]
The Monster Shredder
Watch SSI 's most powerful shredder : " The Monster " M160 two shaft industrial shredder devour a few items that needed shredding in this extremely popular Shred of the Month video .
( CNN ) --
The day Charles Moses Martin Goodrich entered the world , a new community was conceived .
As the newborn breathed in life , his mother , Susan Goodrich , began to die .
Less than 12 hours after having her son , the 46 - year - old mother of four was gone .
The cause was a rare amniotic fluid embolism .
It was January 2009 , and shell - shocked widower Robbie Goodrich was forced to immediately think of the baby 's most basic need : milk .
For $ 5 an ounce , he could have purchased frozen donor breast milk , the kind of sustenance he knew his wife wanted for the boy .
There was talk of tracking down a wet nurse .
A friend left a message offering to breast - feed the newborn herself .
What evolved in the coming days still touches Goodrich .
More than 20 mothers in Marquette , a city of 20,000 in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan , volunteered to nurse baby Moses .
All these months later , they 're still at it .
" It 's been such an incredible outpouring of community love for this child of mine , " said Goodrich , a 44 - year - old history professor at Northern Michigan University , where his late wife worked , too , teaching Spanish and Portuguese .
" This has certainly stretched the parameters of what is public .
I 've had to open the door to complete strangers , inviting them into the most private , intimate part of my life . "
Carrie Fiocchi , 29 , was first to breast - feed Moses .
She 'd received a call from a nurse midwife who belonged to her Unitarian Universalist church .
When she heard what had happened to the Goodrich family , both she and her husband , with whom she immediately shared the story , fell apart .
They were first - time parents to a 6 - week - old girl .
They 'd realize later that they had met Robbie years before .
But in that moment , they did n't hesitate to help a stranger .
The next morning , Fiocchi walked into Goodrich 's home , where grieving family members had gathered in preparation for Susan 's funeral , and took Moses into her arms .
" It was awkward and very sad and really wonderful at the same time , " said Fiocchi , who has nursed Moses at 9 a .m. every day since then , with daughter Siri in tow .
Her husband , Matt , has developed a friendship with Goodrich and tags along with his wife and daughter at least once a week .
He added , " Not being able to do anything myself , feeling kind of impotent , for me it was a matter of wanting to help and feeling privileged to be involved in any way . "
The inclination to volunteer similarly drove Kyra Fillmore , 31 .
" Ever since I became a mother , I 've felt a connection with other mothers , " said Fillmore , who has three children .
" I was nervous .
It was very emotional .
I did n't know what to expect .
But I felt like I needed to do this for Susan , even though I did n't know her . "
A handful of mothers did know Susan and loved her for her brilliance , wit and passionate spirit .
A former student of Susan 's from a decade earlier , Karla Niemi , 30 , said that helping has brought her a sense of peace .
And a former student of Robbie 's who then became a close friend of the couple 's , Sarah McDougall , 28 , said that nursing Moses " gave me a way to be there for her and her family in a way I would n't have known how to do otherwise . "
It turned out that finding volunteers was the easy part , said Nicoletta Fraire , 35 , who considered Susan her closest friend in Marquette and organized the effort .
And they 'd checked with specialists to know that what they were doing was safe .
The difficult part , Fraire said , was working out logistics , especially in the beginning .
Initially , there were seven women a day to juggle .
Some of the moms had easy - to - remember set schedules , others had more staggered assignments , and then there were those on call .
Many could travel to Moses , but some needed the baby to come to them .
And donations for night feedings had to be gathered .
Over the months , some women moved away , weaned their own children or became pregnant .
New eager - to - help moms cropped up .
Toss in occasional sicknesses and vacations , and the feedings -- which the group set out to continue for at least a year -- became a carefully orchestrated dance .
A white board mapping out the choreographed schedule still stands in Goodrich 's dining room .
But making sure Moses was cared for , although complicated , was something Fraire wanted -- even needed -- to do .
" I did n't see it as a hard job but mostly as something that 's helped me fill the void , " she said .
" I did it for Susan .
I know she would have done it for me . "
Not only have these women helped Moses , the steady flow of company -- which often includes kids and husbands -- has nurtured Goodrich , too .
It has been a constant in his life and his home , where he 's also raising Julia , his and Susan 's 2 ½ - year - old daughter .
Two older kids from Susan 's first marriage live nearby with their biological father .
" I do n't know if you can make this year any easier , " said Goodrich , who is emotionally still muddling through .
" But I have people there to share it with me .
And you can imagine , they 're compassionate , empathetic people . "
Just as these moms have cuddled and nourished Moses , their own children feel embraced in the Goodrich home and often beeline to where the snacks are stored .
Husbands read to Julia while their wives nurse the baby , and Robbie bonds with families who 've become an extension of his own .
Mothers who 've stopped breast - feeding still check in and come by for regular visits .
The group stays in touch on Facebook , by phone and over shared meals and walks .
Friendships , outside the Goodrich household , have been formed .
They all gathered to celebrate when Moses ate his first solids .
" It 's a valuable gift for everyone involved , " said Tina Taylor , 39 , who prolonged the nursing of her own youngest child so she could continue feeding Moses .
" It 's taught us the importance of family , community and sharing . "
Taylor and the more than two dozen other women who 've nursed Moses know they cannot replace what was lost hours after he was born .
But the father they 've reached out to help says they 've given his son something he could have never provided on his own .
" He 's a healthy , happy , well - adjusted boy , " he said , " who has always known a mother 's love . "
All right , I swear to all the gods in the universe that if Sinéad O'Connor turns up wearing some fucking fur I 'm going to lose all faith in humanity .
Why , you ask ?
Certainly not because of anything Sinéad 's done , first of all .
I 've mentioned my crazy love of her in the past , but before Sinéad , another female singer had my heart and changed my life with this insanely amazing album .
From the time I was nine years old , Janet Jackson was my idol .
I dressed like her , I pissed off every last redneck in my small - town school by spouting the anti-racist mantras I learned from Rhythm Nation , and as an adult , I 've cried myself to sleep many a time listening to her amazing song What About ( be warned that the video , while powerful , could be triggering ) and found healing in songs like Better Days and Enjoy .
I still adore the hell out of Janet and credit her with shaping my political beliefs -- without her , it 's safe to assume this blog would n't exist because I would n't care enough about racism , sexism and other - isms to see the error of PETA 's approach .
Hell , I probably would n't even be vegan at all .
After all , I was 12 when I became a vegetarian , but I was nine when Rhythm Nation made me aware of the world around me .
If you 're not familiar with the album , at least watch the video for the title track .
You wo n't regret it .
So imagine my dismay when I found out that Janet is posing for a line of ads for luxury fur company BlackGlama .
It 's especially shocking because she is ( or was , I guess ) supposedly vegan .
Not to mention she 's well known for being an animal lover , and her song God 's Stepchild even mentions that as a child she often used her " four - legged friends " as a conduit for speaking to God .
It does n't make any sense on so many levels – it does n't fit the type of style icon she is , it does n't fit her image as an animal lover , and it does n't match with her overall reputation for compassion that makes me and others love her so much .
And it 's pissed off a lot of people -- including PETA .
Not surprisingly , PETA 's statement is where I start spitting on things and forgetting my disappointment with Janet : " It 's amazing what celebrities will do when their careers are on a downslide , but we did n't think that Janet was this desperate .
Surely , she knows enough about suffering and unjustified death to recognize that both occur in the production of a fur coat .
We are asking her to think again and to donate these stolen skins to be used as bedding for animals orphaned by other human - caused disasters , such as loss of habitat , " PETA spokeswoman Amanda Schinke said in a statement .
Okay , let 's start small .
That crack about Janet 's career ?
First of all , where the hell are the careers of PETA 's celebrity spokespeople ?
I have n't seen any of them starring in a blockbuster movie , or performing on the finale of American Idol , or headlining the Essence music festival .
In fact , it seems to me that the last really big movie Alicia Silverstone starred in was 1999's Blast From the Past -- and I do n't say that to insult Alicia ; despite her PETA support , I really like her .
Also , let 's not forget that ageism , misogyny and racism are a big part of why Janet 's music career has waned in the last several years -- I really hope I do n't need to explain this , but in case you 're confused , start by heading to your local beach and counting how many male titties you see casually and uncontroversially on display .
But what really gobsmacked me was the " unjustified death " comment , which caused me to scream the F word with so much enthusiasm that I accidentally launched a spit attack on my entire desk .
Because , PETA , are you saying what I think you 're saying ?
I ...wow .
How do you think Janet 's gonna listen to you now , when you 're bringing her DEAD BROTHER into this out of absolutely nowhere ?
( Either that or they 're talking about slavery , which does n't exactly improve the situation . )
Did it ever occur to you that this is why nobody listens to you , why you 're a water cooler punchline ?
Plus , given Janet 's past commitment to compassionate causes , maybe you should n't have gone into this with the attitude that the only thing you have to gain is pissing her off .
If PETA approached Janet respectfully , there 's a good chance she 'd listen , as she did when she stopped using a panther in her Rhythm Nation tour after animals rights groups protested .
And what the hell kind of bizarre - ass phrasing is " unjustified death , " anyways ?
I mean , is that as opposed to justified death , like when somebody breaks into your home to kill you and you whack them in the head with a frying pan ?
How did we get from fur to killing home intruders anyhow ?
Now you 've made everybody so confused that they forgot what the topic was .
Good job , PETA .
It also occurred to me as I was agonizing over this that , wait a minute , what about Audrina Partridge , who was a PETA spokesperson before advertising for Carl 's Jr ?
Do you think PETA slams her on their blog , or their favorite spokesobject , Pamela Anderson , who helped at the launch of a steakhouse / strip club in New York last year ?
Nope , because if you 've done a photo shoot for PETA in the past , they 'll never criticize you again , it seems .
And let 's not forget the time Olivia Munn showed up at a PETA event wearing leather boots and the PETA staffers actually defended her .
It also seems that they wo n't criticize you if you 're a part of , shall we say , certain demographic groups .
After all , are n't there tons of celebrities who wear leather that PETA is n't going after ?
WTF is up with that ?
Frankly , I 'm so sick of the " fur is worse than leather " argument that claims it 's worse to wear fur because leather is a byproduct of the cattle industry , and using the whole animal is apparently A - OK as long as it's a white dude doing it .
Does n't it make more sense to say that if we deal a blow to the leather industry , we also deal a blow to the cattle industry ?
You 're taking out two targets at once if you actually try to take on the leather industry .
Activist multitasking !
( But given PETA 's difficulty understanding the connectedness of human and animal struggles , I can't say I 'm surprised that they do n't get this connection , either . )
So , is PETA consistent on the no-animal - skins front ?
Puh - lease , you do remember who we 're dealing with , right ?
Behold , the dudes whom PETA apparently has no problem with : Vin Diesel wore a leather kilt while co-hosting MTV Europe Video Music Awards in 2003 , and has often been photographed in leather , such as this photo where he 's wearing leather pants and a leather jacket .
And with how often Nathan Fillion wears leather jackets , you 'd think they 're his natural habitat -- just look him up on Google Images .
Neither Diesel nor Fillion are mentioned anywhere on PETA 's blog .
50 Cent loves his extravagant fur coats , but his only mention on PETA 's blog is flattering .
Adam Lambert wears so much leather so often I 'm surprised the damn stuff is n't coming out of his pores , yet he 's also AWOL on PETA 's site .
But of course , when PETA chooses to excoriate a celebrity for wearing leather , it 's a woman -- Jessica Simpson .
They call women who wear fur " fur hags " but have no equivalent term for men who wear fur or leather .
In fact , if you look on the right hand side of that link , you 'll see that all the contestants for their 2010 Worst Dressed List are women .
Now , they have called out Kanye for wearing fur , but do n't think I have n't noticed that the only dude they 've called out recently just so happens to be black .
And , they made sure to call his girlfriend " sleazy " while they were at it , because a party would n't be a party at PETA HQ if nobody was being sexist and racist , amirite ?
The bottom line is , PETA does n't deal respectfully with the people they disagree with , and then they have the audacity to wonder why fur keeps coming back into style every few years .
It 's because people stopped wearing fur out of fear , not genuine moral conviction .
PETA 's like the Dutch kid with his finger in the dam , temporarily stopping the leak but doing nothing to help in the long term ( and , quite possibly , HARMING in the long term ) .
This whole debacle , particularly Janet 's former veganism , also proves why you can't use celebrities as reason to go vegan , because if you 're using someone else , particularly a famous person , as your moral compass , you 'll never really commit yourself to a cause ; for many , their commitment to a cause will forever be linked to the commitment of their idol , and that 's never going to work in the long term .
I guess what I 've really taken out of this is that I wish , more than ever , that we had an animal rights organization as prolific as PETA that could discuss these issues RESPECTFULLY and be taken seriously .
I do n't want someone I admire so much to roll her eyes and turn up her nose at PETA 's statements , but given the heinousness of that statement , I can't say I 'd blame Janet .
I 'm still hoping she 'll come to her senses and stop this nonsense and donate Blackglama 's money to a decent animal rights group ( like one of the ones in my blogroll ! ) but I 'm not going to hold my breath .
I will , however hope that Janet remembers her words about critics who said Rhythm Nation did n't matter : " Even if only one person out of all those who listen to the album makes a change , that 's an accomplishment . "
Because if even one person who sees this fur ad buys a fur coat , that 's NOT an accomplishment .
That 's 240 more dead , tortured animals who absolutely did not deserve such a fate .
Note : Often I 'm taken aback at the way in which animal rights activists interact with each other , both in person and online .
I made the change requested by a commenter in a comment rejected for its holier - than - thou tone , but let 's not be condescending about it , shall we ?
( See how patronizing and snooty that sounded , commenter ? )
Strikingly , however , it added that even if countries reached agreement on the depth of the cuts necessary to their budgets , they could face difficulties in carrying out the cuts .
The report , which comes amid growing worries about Britain ’s credit rating , said : “ In those countries whose debt has increased significantly , and especially those whose debt has become unaffordable , the need to rein in deficits will test social cohesiveness .
The test will be starker as growth disappoints and interest rates rise . ”
London , England ( CNN ) --
A strike that would have crippled British Airways over Christmas and New Year 's Day cannot go ahead , a judge ruled Thursday .
Judge Laura
Cox issued an injunction blocking the planned 12 - day strike , which was set to start December 22 and could have affected up to 1 million passengers .
The airline immediately issued a statement saying it is " delighted for our customers .
" There was never any need for a strike and we hope that Unite will take this opportunity to reflect before deciding its next steps , " BA said , referring to the union that planned the strike .
" Our customers do not believe that old - style trade union militancy is relevant to our efforts to move British Airways back toward profitability . "
But Unite joint general secretaries Derek Simpson and Tony Woodley called it " a disgraceful day for democracy when a court can overrule such an overwhelming decision by employees taken in a secret ballot .
" This dispute is not settled .
Passing the buck to the courts to do management 's job for them was never going to be the answer , " they said , warning they could vote again to strike .
" BA must accept that there can be no resolution except through negotiation , failing which there will inevitably be a further ballot for industrial action . "
Unite has been engaged in a bitter dispute with British Airways management .
" I 'm not disappointed for the people that can get away at Christmas , " Simpson told CNN .
" It was never our desire to hurt those people .
What we wanted to do was force a negotiated settlement . "
He said he is concerned the decision has " hardened management 's attitude " toward negotiation .
The union is unhappy with the airline 's plans to change cabin crew conditions .
Unite says working hours will be extended and crew levels will be cut , changes that will damage customer service and hit the British Airways brand .
The airline says the changes will save the carrier $ 665 million .
BA has been losing hundreds of millions of dollars each quarter this year .
Cabin crew staff voted overwhelmingly in favor of the strike .
But the airline argued in court that some of the workers who cast ballots had already taken voluntary redundancy -- or buyouts -- from the airline .
Some 10,288 workers voted , of about 14,000 cabin crew staff overall .
The airline 's legal counsel , Bruce Carr , told the presiding judge that the balloting process contained " serious and substantial irregularities . "
Carr called the union 's action in choosing to strike over Christmas " willfully disproportionate and clearly unlawful . "
He referred several times to the serious disruption that would be felt by the airline 's passengers , saying some " ordinary people will find it very difficult to understand . "
Simpson said management imposed terms on the union members without agreement , and when Unite asked a court to stop it , the court did not .
The fact that the court has now blocked the union from striking " shows an imbalance in employment law , " he said .
Travel experts have said around 1 million British Airways passengers could have been affected by the strike , finding themselves stranded and unable to rebook their tickets during the busy travel period .
Thursday brought disruption to thousands of passengers on another airline , one run by the small Scottish charter company Globespan .
The company announced on its
Web site that it has gone into administration and that all flights on its airline , Flyglobespan , have been canceled .
Further travel headaches are in store for passengers of other airlines at Heathrow and Aberdeen airports next week .
Unite said baggage handlers and check - in staff at the two airports plan a series of three separate walkouts starting next week in a dispute over pay and pensions .
The strike is not related to the British Airways dispute .
The baggage handlers and check - in staff are employed by SAS Ground Services UK Ltd .
The strike will affect travelers on Turkish , Emirates and Thai airlines at Heathrow and passengers on KLM , Air France , Wideroe and Atlantic at Aberdeen , Unite said .
The walkouts are scheduled for December 22 - 24 , December 26 - 27 and January 3 - 4 .
Those passengers hoping to avoid air travel in Europe and take the train instead faced uncertainty after British - based drivers of the Eurostar train announced a series of two strikes starting this weekend .
The drivers said they will strike Friday and Saturday , and again December 26 and 27 .
Eurostar , however , said service would not be affected , because drivers from France and Belgium would be used .
The train line provides service between London and both Paris , France , and Brussels , Belgium .
The union representing the drivers , the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen , said talks with Eurostar " concerning international allowances " broke down .
The dispute is over how much drivers ' meal allowances should be when they are in Paris and Brussels .
A Eurostar spokeswoman said it offered the drivers what it believes is a reasonable amount , but the drivers rejected the offer .
She would not divulge specifics of the offer , saying only that it was " enough for a good meal . "
-- CNN Business Correspondent Jim Boulden contributed to this report .
Bright Bike DIY kits
Bright Bike DIY kits cover your bicycle in easy - to - apply design - savvy ultra reflective vinyl for safety .
It is like covering your bike with a big stickers that turn ultra - bright in headlights .
The retroreflective vinyl is the same material used on the backs of running shoes , but with colors .
The kits greatly improve night visibility and thus bicycle safety .
These kits are pre-cut and easy to put on .
The Caterpillar has 1 inch bands that wrap around the main tubes , and in inch dashed lines along the fork and seat stays .
The Pinstripe has 1 /4 inch strips that run along the outside faces of all tubes .
BUY ONE NOW
NUNTII
De Hibernicis suffragiis
De Hibernicis suffragiis
Hibernia sola est ex Europae XXVII civitatibus , cuius lex suprema de Foedere Europaeo cives interrogandos esse constituit , utrum ipsi consentiant an reiciant : nam mutatio quaelibet Hiberniae legis supremae a populo adprobanda est .
In ceteris civitatibus Unionis Europaeae senatuum tantum est de re deliberare .
Foedus Olisiponis loco legis supremae Europaeae anno MMV a Francogallis et Batavis repulsa a regiminibus adprobatum est .
Factiones politicae quibus more solito magna pars suffragiorum tribuitur , id est Fianna Fail et Fine Gael , Foederi Olisiponis appellato favent : quae ardenti studio electoribus suadere conatae sunt , ut quam plurimi suffragium ineant et adsentiantur .
Societas " Libertas " appellata et factio Sinn Fein contra Foederi Europaeo opponuntur , confidentes plerosque Dublini incolas propositum reiecturos esse .
Hoc tamen singulare est si de ambiguo exitu suffragiorum Hibernicorum cogitaveris , insulam " smaragdinam " appellatam utilitatem maximam ex Unione Europaea percepisse , cuius auxilia eam ex emigrantium inopem nationem in floridum " tigridem Celticum " converterunt .
Exitus suffragiorum Hibernicorum Veneris die post meridiem divulgandus est .
Scripsit Herimannus Novocomensis - 13/06/2008 07h45
.
.
Italstyle Yacht designers have recently revealed that they are currently working on a new superyacht concept for Italian yacht builder Cheyenne Shipyards .
The new Cheyenne 90 has a two and a half decks with a large sundeck area , where the owner and his friends can relax and take sunbaths .
There is also another sundeck space in the bow part of the yacht .
The interior of the yacht is designed on a gentleman car style .
Every detail is thought over .
Everything is essential and functional .
The glass protection of the stern area , double portholes on lower deck and side bulwarks are specially constructed to provide more light to main saloon .
Vibration and noise reduction systems will ensure great comfort during navigation .
All internal spaces are designed to give an owner a possibility to customize the interior and to make changes in it .
The yacht can provide accommodation for eight guests in a Master , VIP and two twin cabins .
Specification :
Lenght : 28.00 mt .
Width : 6.20 mt .
Immersion : 1.60 mt .
Engines : 2 x 2200 CV
Fuel Tank : 2 x 4000 Lt .
Water Tank : 2 x 1500 Lt .
Cruising Range : 800 Miles
Maximum Speed : 40 Knots
* * *
Related links :
Italstyle Yacht
Cheyenne Shipyards
Foto : italstyle.net
This cat does n’t look too pleased about his lobster costume , but he sure is cute !
When it comes to controversial subjects , nothing leads to shouting matches quite like introducing religion into the mix .
While the video game industry is usually willing to court controversy when the potential payoff is worth it , concepts of spirituality and faith have generally been avoided by both developers and publishers .
In fact , religion seems to be such a taboo subject to include in video games that the only type of faith that really appears in titles here in the US is Christianity .
Even then , the subject is often poorly addressed in games that are themselves poorly made .
But why is it that religious content is so sparse in the realm of video games ?
The reasons are largely based on contention between religious and industry leaders , as well as the fact that you 'll rarely find a topic as personal as faith .
You just can't please everybody
Christianity is n't the only religion to appear in games , nor is it the only one where spiritual leaders have been offended by their faith 's presentation on consoles and / or PCs .
Sony recently learned this with the launch of LittleBigPlanet , which was delayed when it was revealed that one of the game 's background music pieces — " Tapha Niang , " performed by Toumani Diabate 's Symmetrical Orchestra — featured quotes from the Qur'an , the Islamic religion 's holy text .
When an Islamic gamer heard the song and noticed some Arabic words from the Qur'an , he verified that he was n't hearing things and then notified Sony via the company 's forums .
After pointing out the specific instances of the Qur'an quotes , he explained the problem this represented for Muslims .
" We Muslims consider the mixing of music and words from our Holy Quran deeply offending , " he explained .
" We hope you would remove that track from the game immediately via an online patch , and make sure that all future shipments of the game disk do not contain it . "
Sony took the issue very seriously .
After investigating the claim , the company wound up delaying LittleBigPlanet 's worldwide release for and then releasing a patch that removed the vocals from the song track .
Media Molecule , the game 's developer , publicly apologized and stated that it the studio felt " gutted " for the controversy it caused .
Funnily enough , this action was loudly criticized by the American Islamic Forum for Democracy .
" Muslims cannot benefit from freedom of expression and religion and then turn around and ask that anytime their sensibilities are offended that the freedom of others be restricted , " the group said .
" The free market allows for expression of disfavor by simply not purchasing a game that may be offensive .
But to demand that it be withdrawn is predicated on a society which gives theocrats who wish to control speech far more value than the central principle of freedom of expression upon which the very practice and freedom of religion is based . "
Of course , it is n't only religious content from Islam that has wound up getting developers in hot water ; recently , on game in particular managed to raise the ire of the Hinduism community .
The first PS2 game to be exclusively developed and released in India , Hanuman : Boy Warrior , was criticized by Rajan Zed , the president of the Universal Society of Hinduism .
According to Zed , Hanuman : Boy Warrior was blasphemous because , " reimagining Hindu scriptures and deities for commercial or other agenda was not okay as it hurt the devotees .
Controlling and manipulating Lord Hanuman with a joystick / button / keyboard / mouse was denigration .
Lord Hanuman was not meant to be reduced to just a ' character ' in a video game to solidify company / products base in the growing economy of India . "
Zed even went so far as to call for a worldwide boycott of Sony products if the publisher did n't respond to the Hindu community 's concerns .
Little else was heard about the protest after the initial news broke , but the game is still listed on Sony 's PlayStation India website , so it seems safe to assume that Sony was n't did n't consider the game offensive to the majority of the religious community in India .
Animosity leads to hesitation
Part of the problem is that the game industry is often toted as being a corrupting influence for the youth of the world .
Criticism against the game industry has come from leaders as high up as the current Pope , and many of us who have been exposed to sermons bemoaning the influence that games and movies have on kids .
Even when groups like the Christian Game Developers Foundation put out a video encouraging developers to create wholesome titles for kids , the attitude conveyed towards current members of the industry was contemptuous at best .
Needless to say , games with heavy religious content are usually fringe projects , independently created and oftentimes sporting dodgy production values , because publishers wisely do n't want to risk boycotts from legions of the faithful .
Theodore Beale managed to develop his Eternal Warriors series into a video game , but available footage of this title shows that it was little more than a generic first - person hack - and - slash title , The War in Heaven .
Unsurprisingly , even the game 's divine and infernal settings , as well as regular Scripture quotes , did little to wow even the most devout of gamers .
Meanwhile , John E. Nelson 's Tribulation Knights seeks to put gamers in a stealth / adventure - based post - Apocalypse setting .
Following a series of natural and economic disasters , a corrupt politician 's administration takes control of the globe and manages to convert most of the remaining population into a mindlessly - loyal legion .
Some citizens , however , do not convert and find themselves without any rights in the new world society ; accordingly , a group called the Knights rises up to protect these rebel citizens from the Gestapo - like Enforcers and gather enemy intel , all while staying hidden and avoiding armed conflict .
" I wanted to create a game that had both an entertaining adventure but also hold true to the commandment of ' Thou Shalt Not Kill . ' "
Nelson explained to Ars . " It was important to do so , and it is not easy .
You can defend yourself by stunning Enforcers , or thugs for a very brief time .
The goal is the mission , and to avoid direct contact with the enemy as much as possible . "
Nelson also believes that more independent games with focused on religious plots will be coming to systems in the future , because , " In this digital download age , we really do n't need big publishers to help us .
If we take their big publisher money they will make us change our stories .
So for now it will be us tiny indie developers trying to make something that will be enjoyed by someone . "
Some , but not much , mainstream involvement
This is n't to say that there have n't been some big games based on religion that have seen commercial release .
Widespread releases for major systems , however , have been few and far between .
The problem is that even these titles tend to not be much fun to play .
Publisher Wisdom Tree , which has been involved with religious games since the late 1980s ( when the company was still Color Dreams ) , gained notoriety for titles like Bible Adventures and Super 3D Noah 's Ark , which have been widely criticized as being shallow clones of bigger hits like Super Mario Bros.
2 and Wolfenstein .
Modern religious games have n't been any better .
Left Behind : Eternal Forces bears special note , since it arguably saw the largest release of any Christian video game , but also received some of the most criticism .
The game , based on the Left Behind series of novels , was a dubious RTS title that many people faulted because of weak play mechanics and they claimed it encouraged a " kill - or - convert " attitude towards people who do n't believe in Jesus .
Even Jack Thompson , the man who included Biblical passages in many of his legal filings , claimed that , " the game is about killing people for their lack of faith in Jesus , " and subsequently ended his publishing deal with Tyndale House .
Nelson agrees with this sentiment : " In these days of being so inclusive , I have a feeling that if a religion is included into a major publishers game it will not be of my Christian beliefs . "
Instead , major developers and publishers seem only willing to adapt the sexy part of religion into games — namely , the bloody combat .
Seraphim , an action title by Valkyrie Studios that languished into obscurity earlier this decade , was based around aerial combat between different factions of angels .
Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse , which was going to let players control survivors left on Earth after the Rapture , was supposed to be a big - budget action title that seemed to dwindle into obscurity for no discernable reason .
Meanwhile , the fact that Resistance : Fall of Man had a scene that took place in a destroyed Manchester Cathedral managed to invoke such vocal criticism from the Church of England probably made developers wary of including any religious content whatsoever in their games .
Electronic Arts ' upcoming Dante 's Inferno is easily the biggest game to include Christian themes in it , though Ben 's preview points out that these connections are more of a superficial similarity instead of a serious and thoughtful adaptation of The Divine Comedy .
At the same time , though , one has to wonder if EA just decided to make a God of War clone with some tenuous connections to Catholicism simply because they were banking on the attention the ensuing controversy would generate .
Reverend Thomas Trutner , a minister based out of the San Francisco Bay Area , suggests that the fact that video games tend to only be based around bloody , combat - based events is n't really all that unusual , since many movies and books do the exact same thing .
" I just think it ’s the nature of ... media in general , " he said in an interview with Ars .
" They must go for the larger and more sensational types of things at least that ’s my impression . "
The personal nature of the beast
Mark
Twain once observed that , " Man is a Religious Animal .
He is the only Religious Animal .
He is the only animal that has the True Religion — several of them .
He is the only animal that loves his neighbor as himself and cuts his throat if his theology is n't straight . "
Twain was right : religion , no matter what religion , is something that multitudes of people believe in , but no two people seem to believe in exactly the same thing .
As a result , any religious content included in games is going to be interpreted on a very personal level by anyone who considers themselves devout .
According to Trutner , who has been ordained for over four decades , " [ Religion ] goes to the deepest feelings for several things in our lives :
What is the meaning in our lives ?
What is going to happen to us we die ?
What are the moral values we should follow ?
When this gets attached to a moral authority , that ’s when you start to get problems , like when you have the fundamentalists who say you need to follow the Bible literally and those ... who say
It ’s a story about truths , that you ca n’t take literally .
It ’s ripe for debate . "
Maybe that 's why making religious games is so tough : by including anything that 's that goes even remotely beyond basic concepts or happens to be even a bit controversial , developers risk the ire a lot of people who could easily be offended enough to boycott the title .
Whatever the reason , it does n't seem likely that we 'll be seeing any religious content in the near future , though the possibility of storylines with serious spiritual themes remains .
Sorry , Mario , but the princess is in another castle ...
A Jewish school was guilty of racial discrimination in the way it operated its admissions policies , the Supreme Court ruled today .
The JFS school in Brent , north - west London one of the top- performing schools in the country – refused a place to a boy because it did not consider his mother to be Jewish .
Whilst his father was Jewish by birth , his mother entered the Jewish faith by conversion at a progressive synagogue not recognised by orthodox jews .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Today , by a slim five to four majority , judges dismissed an appeal against a ruling that the admissions procedure breached the Race Relations Act .
However , they made it clear that they did not believe the school had acted in a “ racist ” way .
“ Any suggestion or implication that they are racist in the popular sense of the word can be dismissed , ” said Lady Hale , one of the nine judges .
In addition , they indicated that the case could indicate that the Race Relations
Act needed amending to allow Jewish schools in particular to operate admissions policies which were in line with their beliefs .
Schools Secretary Ed Balls said after the judgement that he would study the judgement before deciding on any steps the government should make .
He said it was “ most important ” that admissions arrangements were fair and adhered to the Government ’s code on admissions .
The ruling will mean that faith schools cannot use ethnically - based tests to select students – and will force several Jewish schools to revise their admissions procedures for the next academic year .
It also underlines that faith schools cannot use racial criteria when deciding upon admissions .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Trevor Phillips , chair of the Equality and Human Rights Commission , said : “ This is an important verdict .
“ Whilst not seeking to intefere with the Jewish community ’s right to promote its religious ethos , the Commission believed that it had to intervene in order to preserve the same protection against racial discrimination for Jews as for anyone else – not least at a time when anti-Semitic groups are active across Europe .
“ The decision of the court achieves that end . ”
The school , formerly known as the Jewish Free School , did modify its policy after the Court of appeal ruling and admitted the child to the school .
However , it appealed in order to gain a ruling from the highest court in the land on its admissions policy .
Russell Kett , chairman of governors , said : “ The governors and school are naturally disappointed at the Supreme Court ’s decision and we must now set about establishing a more workable solution for a Jewish practice test to be used in 2011 . ”
He added that all the judges had “ stressed that neither the school nor the Chief Rabbi ( Lord Sacks ) had acted in a morally wrong way or in any racist way in the commonly held sense . “
Lord Sacks added : “ The closeness of the court ’s judgement indicates how complex this case was – both in English law and debated issues of Jewish identity . ”
He said his office would be “ working closely ” with schools , the Board of Deputies ( for Jews ) and other interested parties “ to consider the implications of the verdict ” .
The decision was welcomed by the British Humanist Association last night whose director of education Andrew Copson said : “ This judgement is immensely important .
“ It puts beyond doubt the position that , even though there may be a religious motivation for doing so , discrimination against children in admissions on racial grounds is illegal under any circumstances .
“ This is not a matter of restricting ‘ religious freedom ’ or otherwise : that the admissions criteria of a state - funded faith school have been found to be racially discriminatory should be enough impetus to look carefully at the criteria all faith schools use to discriminate in their admissions . ”
Pregnant Soldiers in War Zone Wo n't be Punished Top U.S. general in Iraq rescinds order to punish pregnant soldiers .
Dec. 25 , 2009  --
The top U.S. commander in Iraq rescinded a controversial order by a subordinate general intended to punish soldiers who became pregnant while serving in a war zone .
Gen . Raymond Odierno has drafted a broad new policy for the U.S. forces in Iraq that will take effect Jan. 1 , but which does not include a provision issued last month by Maj.
Gen. Anthony Cucolo that disciplined both soldiers who became pregnant and their military sex partners .
Earlier this week Cucolo said the policy was intended to emphasize the problems created when pregnant soldiers go home and leave behind a weaker unit .
Cucolo's order set off a firestorm of criticism this week , including condemnation by four Democratic senators who wrote Odierno a letter calling for the order to be overturned .
" We can think of no greater deterrent to women contemplating a military career than the image of a pregnant woman being severely punished simply for conceiving a child , " the senators wrote to Cucolo .
" This defies comprehension .
As such , we urge you to immediately rescind this policy . "
The letter was signed by Sens. Barbara Boxer of California , Barbara Mikulski of Maryland , Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire , and Kirsten Gillibrand of New York .
That was the latest salvo to hit Cucolo over the controversial policy .
Earlier the National Organization for Women called the policy " ridiculous . "
" How dare any government say we 're going to impose any kind of punishment on women for getting pregnant , " NOW President Terry O'Neill said .
" This is not the 1800s . "
O'Neill said NOW would turn to Defense Secretary Robert Gates and even President Obama for help .
Even before the senators took aim at Cucolo 's policy , the general had backed away from his threat to court martial women under his command who got pregnant .
" I regret that the term court martial is bandied about or mentioned , " Cucolo said from Iraq in a conference call earlier this week .
" I do not ever see myself putting a soldier in jail for this . "
Pregnant soldiers are immediately redeployed out of combat zones to bases where they can get comprehensive medical care .
" The true purpose behind this is to cause them to pause and think about , ' Okay wait a minute .
It was written in the order and I 'm going to leave my team .
I 'm going to leave an outfit shorthanded , ' " Cucolo said .
Cucolo said that he was not surprised by the reaction and intense interest in his general order , but that those outside the military may not be able to fully understand his motivation .
Cucolo said that in the eight weeks his policy has been in force , four women soldiers were redeployed because they had become pregnant in violation of Cucolo 's order .
The four women and two male soldiers received letters of reprimand that will not remain in their permanent military files .
A third male soldier , he said , was also punished for getting a female soldier pregnant .
He was a noncommissioned officer who was committing adultery .
He was also charged with fraternization and given a permanent letter of reprimand .
In that case , the man was a sergeant and the female a junior soldier .
One of the pregnant women declined to identify the person who got her pregnant , Cucolo said .
In addition to the four women who got pregnant while on duty in Iraq , Cucolo said four other female soldiers were sent home because they found out they were pregnant , but had become pregnant before being sent to Iraq .
" Will some soldiers hear this , read this and say ' Well that 's nothing ? '
Sure , they might , " Cuculo said .
" But I 've got 22,000 incredible soldiers who are incredible Americans and I 'm counting on them to do the right thing . "
Of the soldiers in his command , 1,682 are women .
Court Martial Threat for Pregnant Soldiers Draws Fire
Cucolo said the Army does not provide emergency contraception or abortive services and does not intend to start .
There 's " only discussion about appropriate behavior and consideration of the impact of getting pregnant , of getting someone pregnant , " he said .
" That 's the only discussion that 's taken place .
Nothing about pills . "
" Anyone who leaves this fight early because they made a personal choice that changed their medical status -- or contributes to doing that to another -- is not in keeping with a key element of our ethos , ' I will always place the mission first , ' or three of our seven core values : loyalty , duty and selfless service , " he continued .
" And I believe there should be negative consequences for making that personal choice . "
The pregnancy policy was just one provision in a larger general order that also prohibits soldiers from sexual contact with Iraqis or third - party nationals who are not members of coalition forces .
U.S. military leaders in Iraq conducted a full review of all existing orders as part of the ongoing transition in Iraq , and a new general order has been drafted .
The order would consolidate several general orders from the U.S. commanders across Iraq .
Previously , the commanders have had the authority to draft their own restrictions .
ABC News ' Aadel Rashid and Zachary Wolf contributed to this story .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
The TV show of the same name was a huge hit in 1999
A remote - controlled dinosaur robot worth about 100,000 Australian dollars ( £ 55,600 ) has been stolen from a Walking With Dinosaurs show in Mexico .
Staff noticed the 1.5 m tall robot was missing after the show closed on its opening day in Guadalajara on Friday .
The Australian show based on the BBC series has toured worldwide and been seen by more than four million people .
" Only in Mexico !
How it happened we do n't know , " said the show 's spokesman , Karla Arroyo .
It is the first time an exhibit has been stolen from the show , she added .
The theft did not stop the show going ahead .
Computer graphics
" Everything went on as usual , " said Ms Arroyo .
She said the stolen robot was the least expensive from the show - some measure up to 13 m and cost up to 1 m Australian dollars .
The show originated in Australia , where it first opened in Sydney 's Acer Arena in January 2007 .
Ten species are represented from the 200 million - year reign of the dinosaurs .
The show includes the Tyrannosaurus rex and the Stegosaurus .
The UK tour sold more than 500,000 tickets earlier this year and has now moved to Europe .
The Walking With Dinosaurs TV series , which used animatronics and computer graphics to portray the prehistoric animals , was broadcast 10 years ago .
The series took two years to make .
A group led by Tishman Speyer Properties has decided to give up the sprawling Peter Cooper Village and Stuyvesant Town apartment complex in Manhattan to its creditors in the collapse of one of the most high - profile deals of the real - estate boom .
The decision comes after the venture between Tishman and BlackRock Inc. defaulted on the $ 4.4 billion debt used to help finance the deal .
The venture acquired the 56 - building , 11,000 - unit property for $ 5.4 billion in 2006 — the most ever paid for a single residential property in the ...
It ’s hardly earth - shattering , but considering the mystique that follows Marilyn Monroe after all these years , video that ’s never been seen is something special .
Documentary filmmaker Keya Morgan has uncovered what he says is a never - before - seen home movie showing the late Marilyn Monroe , according to the person who shot it , smoking pot .
It ’s impossible to confirm the claim simply by watching the video .
The film has no sound , and was recently purchased by Morgan for $ 275,000 from the person who took the film .
Morgan reportedly intends to eBay the film later this week .
While the person who made the film wished to remain anonymous , Reuters quoted them as saying : “ I got it ( the pot ) .
It was mine .
It was just passed around . ”
In addition to showing Monroe smoking , it also shows her relaxing on a couch , laughing and ( yes ) smelling her armpit .
Watch the video :
Originally on SNAFU-ed
About
Art of the Mix is the ultimate warehouse for playlists on the internet .
Integrated directly with iTunes , hundreds of playlists are pulled nightly from Apple and can be previewed and purchased from this website .
And ,
Art of the Mix is home to a community that is passionate about mixes , who discuss , review and blog about playlists , mixes and mixed tapes .
Looking for apps ?
Check out our sister site , Appdeo , a warehouse of all iTunes apps .
-- Bob Herbert , in his Tuesday NYT column , " A Fearful Price "
The botched war in Afghanistan , like the economic crisis and the broken health - care system , is an inheritance from which Obama is trying to extricate the country .
In each case , the institutional , historical , and political constraints under which a President must operate mean that the solutions — or , if there are no solutions , the ameliorations — are doomed to be nearly as messy as the problems .
He was a very bright young man : thoughtful and eager and polite .
I asked him if he had any plans to join the military and help make this grand mission a success .
He said no .
showing that the eight years of warfare in Iraq and Afghanistan were taking an emotional toll on the children of service members and that the difficulties increased the longer parents were deployed .
There is no way that the findings of this study should be a surprise to anyone .
It just confirms that the children of those being sent into combat are among that tiny percentage of the population that is unfairly shouldering the entire burden of these wars .
The idea that fewer than 1 percent of Americans are being called on to fight in Afghanistan and Iraq and that we ’re sending them into combat again and again and again -- for three tours , four tours , five tours , six tours -- is obscene .
All decent people should object .
We already knew that in addition to the many thousands who have been killed or physically wounded , hundreds of thousands have returned with very serious psychological wounds : deep depression , post - traumatic stress disorder , and so on .
Other problems are also widespread : alcohol and drug abuse , family strife , homelessness .
The new study , by the RAND Corporation , was published in the journal Pediatrics .
The children surveyed were found to have higher levels of emotional difficulties than their peers in the general population .
According to the study :
" Older youth and girls of all ages reported significantly more school , family and peer - related difficulties with parental deployment .
Length of parental deployment and poorer non-deployed caregiver mental health were significantly associated with a greater number of challenges for children , both during deployment and deployed parent reintegration . "
The air is filled with obsessive self - satisfied rhetoric about supporting the troops , giving them everything they need and not letting them down .
But that rhetoric is as hollow as a jazzman ’s drum because the overwhelming majority of Americans have no desire at all to share in the sacrifices that the service members and their families are making .
Most Americans do not want to serve in the wars , do not want to give up their precious time to do volunteer work that would aid the nation ’s warriors and their families , do not even want to fork over the taxes that are needed to pay for the wars .
To say that this is a national disgrace is to wallow in the shallowest understatement .
The nation will always give lip - service to support for the troops , but for the most part Americans do not really care about the men and women we so blithely ship off to war , and the families they leave behind .
The National Military Family Association , which commissioned the RAND study , has poignant comments from the children of military personnel on its Web site .
You can tell immediately how much more real the wars are to those youngsters than to most Americans :
" I hope it ’s not him on the news getting hurt . "
" Most of my grades dropped because I was thinking about my dad , because my dad ’s more important than school . "
" Mom will be in her room and we hear her crying . "
The reason it is so easy for the U.S. to declare wars , and to continue fighting year after year after year , is because so few Americans feel the actual pain of those wars .
We ’ve been fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan longer than we fought in World Wars I and II combined .
If voters had to choose right now between instituting a draft or exiting Afghanistan and Iraq , the troops would be out of those two countries in a heartbeat .
I do n’t think our current way of waging war , which is pretty easy - breezy for most citizens , is what the architects of America had in mind .
Here ’s George Washington ’s view , for example : " It must be laid down as a primary position and the basis of our system , that every citizen who enjoys the protection of a free government owes not only a proportion of his property , but even his personal service to the defense of it . "
What we are doing is indefensible and will ultimately exact a fearful price , and there will be absolutely no way for the U.S. to avoid paying it .
#
I 've been content to let Howie do the heavy lifting on Afghanistan .
I do n't disagree with the strong position he 's taken against increased American involvement in a war there , but I still feel conflicted about it .
As Hendrik Hertzberg begins his " Comment " piece in this week's , " Bad Choices " : " There are no good options for the United States in Afghanistan .
That has been the conventional wisdom for some years now , and this time the conventional wisdom — the reigning cliché — happens to be true .
" Later Hertzberg writes , " The principal virtue of [ the president 's ] choice remains the vices of the others . "
He writes further : However , one thing about the war in Afghanistan -- and indeed the last war in Iraq , and the ones currently being lined up for Iran et al. by the enthusiasts -- needs to be flagged down .
As Bob Herbert wrote Tuesday , it " is indefensible and will ultimately exact a fearful price , and there will be absolutely no way for the U.S. to avoid paying it . "
It was an innovation of the Bush - Cheney regime , and unfortunately like so many other innovations that expand the power of the executive branch , the chances of its being reversed by succeeding administrations , even those run by less despicable , megalomaniacal leaders , are slim .
Giving up power one finds oneself heir to is n't something politicians do a lot of .
Nothing characterizes the hypocrisy and general doodyheadedness of Movement Conservative thuggery more surely than what has come to be known as its " chickenhawkishness " -- the truly astonishing percentage of these Bombs - Away Bozos , screeching to start a new war every day , who have never served in the military and are offended by the mere suggestion that theyWhen our friend Max Blumenthal was honing his videographer 's skills , he took his video camera to one of those conclaves of Daring Young Doodyheads ( Values Voter Summit , perhaps ? ) and put the question to all those blood - thirsty doodyheads frothing at the mouth for more invasions , more wars :
Not only would n't they , most of them were clearly mystified , or offended , by the fact that someone would ask them such a question .
One especially irritating far - right doodyhead said simply that he could contribute to the war better in other ways .
I wonder whether those delicate geniuses ( as I hope George Costanza wo n't mind my calling them ) are aware that they get to make that choice because of the elimination of the draft , under which previous American wars , both declared and undeclared , were fought .
But can the delicate geniuses really not see how philosophically and ethically repulsive it is to advocate a war in which neither you nor your family , friends , and associates is put at risk of any sort ?
Of course this point has been made before , but it never seems to stick , and each time it 's brought up , it 's as if nobody 's ever said it before .
I 'm not sure anyone 's said it , though , as Bob Herbert did the Tuesday column from which I 've quoted above .
To drive the point home , the column begins with Herbert 's encounter with a Columbia University student " who was enthusiastic about the escalation of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , " and " argued that a full - blown counterinsurgency effort , which would likely take many years and cost many lives , was the only way to truly win the war .
" Hmm .
Is there a cognitive - dissonance monitor in the house ?
Herbert relates this to a RAND Corp. study -- Which brings
Herbert to the point that I made my second extract above , and eventually the third : A cruel irony in this new way of waging war is that the 1 percent of the country doing the fighting , which tends toi support these military adventures , seems largely ignorant of the way the way they are used by militarily adventurous pols to shield them from the proper scrutiny of the American people at large .
If it turns out that there is an afterlife that involves rewards and punishments for earthly deeds , you have to hope that there is a sufficiently fierce punishment for sending other people 's children off to die .
Labels : Afghanistan , Bob Herbert , draft
I am back after the holidays .
Christmas day was bracketed by breaking news on health care on Christmas Eve and the underpants bomber on Boxing Day , but for the last few days I have been enjoying some time with the family .
One of the best things we did was see Avatar .
Stupendous .
Exhilarating .
Extraordinary .
I never thought 3D could work .
The technology is stunning .
I admit I am something of a science fiction buff , but I think most people are going to be blown away by this film .
Predictably , columnists who live to attack whatever is successful and put the counter - intuitive point of view are having a field day .
But the criticism that has intrigued me is the charge that the film is racist .
I have tried in writing this not to blow the plot , but inevitably there are some spoilers .
For those who do n't know already , the story centres on a conflict between greedy corporate human invaders and the planet 's inhabitants , 10 - foot tall , blue - skinned people with rather feline features and tails .
One of many such blogs argues that " Avatar is a fantasy about ceasing to be white , giving up the old human meatsack to join the blue people , but never losing white privilege . "
With a certain accuracy critics have pointed out that all the " human " characters are played by white actors and all the blue , cat - like Na'vi are played by non-whites .
With a degree of American insularity they also say that because they use bows and arrows and wear feathers they are " really " native Americans .
This ignores tribal indigenous people from New Guinea to Brazil , so deliberately misses a wider point .
The debate in the US is conditioned by the long - running argument among sci- fi writers and fans about the " magical negro " .
It is a term coined by black critics who noted white authors often featured non-white characters possessed of a certain sort of natural wisdom , mystic powers , who play sidekick to the white hero and often sacrifice themselves for the central character .
They are a variant on the much - older ideal of the " noble savage " .
If I have understood correctly , the critics say this is demeaning because the character , who need not actually be black , but native American or some other ethnic group , acts only to help the whites central to the story , and is n't part of a racial group , does n't have a back story , or a fully developed character but is essentially a plot device .
I 'd note that American fiction has quite often featured a " magic janitor " and I think the key is what the author perceives on a very basic level as otherness as much as race .
The term surfaced in the political arena during the last presidential elections when in the LA times David Ehrenstein suggested Barack Obama was a magical negro : " Like a comic - book superhero , Obama is there to help , out of the sheer goodness of a heart we need not know or understand .
For as with all Magic Negroes , the less real he seems , the more desirable he becomes . "
It is a thoughtful article , disturbing for its unspoken assumption that Obama is a self - constructed stereotype , not a real person and that " authentic " black people behave in a certain way .
In any case the term was gleefully taken up by Obama 's opponents and set to the tune of Puff the Magic Dragon .
You might guess their purpose was not to advance post - structuralist criticism but to earn the licence to repeat the naughty word " negro " and make fun of the candidate .
Thank the powers , of whatever race , that no - one has suggested that any character in Avatar is " really " the president .
Although I thought I spotted Donald Rumsfeld on the big screen .
The criticism of Avatar is an extension of the " magical Negro " idea .
Indeed at one level it is an inversion of it : " the magical Caucasian " who turns out to be an even nobler savage than the common and garden , bred - to - it variety .
Tarzan , Lord of Greystokes , Lord of the Jungle has to be top of the tree in this game .
The central complaint is that in Avatar it takes a white hero to lead the natives .
This seems to miss two points .
The first is simply about the way narrative works .
The critics ' version of the film would be very dull .
Bad people land on planet .
Good people defeat them - virtuous but not much of a story arc .
An emotional journey , learning and changing are better narrative .
Raising age - old questions about whether it is better to be true to your values and your friends rather than your country ( species ) is more thought - provoking than most Hollywood blockbusters manage .
My second objection is more profound .
I strongly believe the racial divide has been the driving force in American history , and continues to play a huge , and often under - discussed role in its politics .
I am not one to underestimate its power .
But that does n't mean everything is about that debate .
One of the reasons I like sci- fi , apart from the escapism , is the way it explores political ideas , old and new .
The film is actually a rather old - fashioned , liberal , morality tale .
As in many futures imagined by authors over the last several decades the company has replaced the state as the agent of colonialism and greedy conquest .
Then there is the mainstay of Hollywood morality , the underdog mounting a ferocious fight - back .
Added to the mix is a healthy dose of new age Gaia-ism ( Pandoraism ? ) .
The idea of weaker opponents fighting back against a military force with an apparently overwhelming technological superiority , aided by the enemy within , surely echoes not only Vietnam but conflicts much closer to us in time and space .
Perhaps it is easier for American critics to think it is about race .
Oddly enough I read a rather subtler take on the idea of technology versus nature just a few days after seeing the film .
My wife bought me Peter F Hamilton 's Fallen Dragon for Christmas .
It is much more compact and better written than his past sprawling space operas but equally packed with ideas .
One chapter sees the company 's military defeated in a way very familiar to viewers of Avatar .
The twist is , the planetary defenders of Santa Chico are not aboriginal but come from elsewhere , post - humans genetically mutated into a state of harmony with the local flora and fauna , which are themselves itself genetically uplifted into a state of scientifically ennobled post savagery .
The natives are originally from California .
I always thought the West Coast was magic .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , will make the necessary parliamentary moves to get Erroll Southers , President Obama 's nominee to head the Transportation Security Adminstration , confirmed next month , Reid spokesman Jim Manley said today .
As we told you earlier this week , Sen. Jim DeMint , R - S.C. , has been using his senatorial prerogative to delay a vote on Southers because of a dispute over whether or not TSA employees should be permitted to unionize .
Though the Christmas Day attempt on a Detroit - bound jetliner is increasing calls for a permanent head of TSA , DeMint shows no sign of backing down .
Today his office sent reporters a document in support of his view .
Granting collective bargaining rights to the TSA 's 50,000 screeners , it argues , " would reverse the flexibility given to the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) to perform its critical aviation security mission . "
Speaking for Reid , Manley called DeMint 's actions " disgraceful " and promised they " would not be allowed to continue . "
When the Senate returns from its holiday recess Jan. 19 , Manley said his boss will file for cloture on the Southers nomination .
That 's Senate - ese for saying that Reid will call for the debate on Southers to end and the voting to begin .
It will take 60 votes to break the DeMint filibuster .
Update 2:02 , p.m. : DeMint spokesman Wesley Denton just sent us this response from his boss :
Senator Reid completely ignored this nominee until the recent terror attempt , and now he 's trying to show concern for airport security .
There 's no need for Senator Reid to grandstand by filing cloture .
I 'm only looking for some time to debate the issue and have a vote so this is n't done in secret .
I hope this critical debate and the Christmas bomber incident will convince Reid and President Obama that we cannot give union bosses veto power over national security at our airports .
Update 3:20 p.m. :
As the nation 's transportation security administrator , Southers would have the power to grant collective bargaining rights to the agency 's employees .
So far , he 's been mum on whether he'd do so .
But the man who nominated him , President Obama , is on record as favoring granting full union rights to TSA employees .
Click here to see a letter that then - candidate Obama wrote to the American Federation of Government Employees on the subject .
( Posted by Kathy Kiely )
Because it 's not enough to defend President Obama from baseless criticism , and it's not enough to remind people of the astonishing failures of Bush and his entire administration .
What 's really needed is to shatter the false political narrative that Democrats are soft on defense and national security , and that Republicans are strong .
That narrative not only is false , it is dangerous .
It is dangerous on both political grounds and on policy grounds .
It is one of the main reasons why Democrats continually support misguided and terrible policies , such as authorizing the Iraq War , passing the " Patriot " Act , or legitimizing police state domestic spying .
Too many Democrats too often fear that doing the right thing will play into that false narrative , and they therefore do the wrong thing , further promoting that false narrative .
It has to stop .
Both the corporate media and the public need be reminded of the facts , over and over and over .
The Democratic Party apparatus needs to be always at the ready , with facts at hand , to remind both the corporate media and the public of the facts .
Over and over and over .
Because the facts are clear : it is the Democrats who are strong , simply by being smart ; it is the Republicans who are weak , because they favor ideology over pragmatics , and they politicize national security even when it endangers national security .
So , let 's review the facts .
Just a month before the 9/11 attacks , while on a month long vacation , Bush was personally handed a presidential daily briefing entitled :
Bin Laden determined to strike in US .
With characteristic intelligence and class , Bush responded with the words :
All right .
You 've covered your ass , now .
And went fishing .
But Bush was n't the only member of his administration to blow off warnings , and ignore the threat of terrorism .
Indeed , his Attorney General , John Ashcroft , revealed his own lack of concern just a day before the attacks :
In his final budget request for the fiscal year 2003 submitted on Sept. 10 to the budget director , Mitchell E. Daniels Jr. , the attorney general called for spending increases in 68 programs , none of which directly involved counterterrorism .
Upgrading the F.B.I.'s computer system , one of the areas in which he sought an increase , is relevant to combating terrorism , though Mr. Ashcroft did not defend it on that ground .
But in his Sept. 10 submission to the budget office , Mr. Ashcroft did not endorse F.B.I. requests for $ 58 million for 149 new counterterrorism field agents , 200 intelligence analysts and 54 additional translators .
Mr. Ashcroft proposed cuts in 14 programs .
One proposed $ 65 million cut was for a program that gives state and local counterterrorism grants for equipment , including radios and decontamination suits and training to localities for counterterrorism preparedness .
And Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld reacted similarly , less than a week before that :
When Senator Carl Levin , a Michigan Democrat who was then chairman of the Armed Services Committee , sought to transfer money to counterterrorism from the missile defense program , Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld sent a letter on Sept. 6 , 2001 , saying he would urge Mr. Bush to veto the measure .
Mr. Levin nonetheless pushed the measure through the next day on a party - line vote .
And former counterterrorism chief Richard Clarke had this to say about National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice :
... I believe it was , George Tenet called me and said , " I do n't think we 're getting the message through .
These people are n't acting the way the Clinton people did under similar circumstances . "
And I suggested to Tenet that he come down and personally brief Condi Rice , that he bring his terrorism team with him .
And we sat in the national security adviser 's office .
And I 've used the phrase in the book to describe George Tenet 's warnings as " He had his hair on fire . "
He was about as excited as I 'd ever seen him .
And he said , " Something is going to happen . "
Now , when he said that in December 1999 to the national security adviser , at the time Sandy Berger , Sandy Berger then held daily meetings throughout December 1999 in the White House Situation Room , with the FBI director , the attorney general , the head of the CIA , the head of the Defense Department , and they shook out of their bureaucracies every last piece of information to prevent the attacks .
And we did prevent the attacks in December 1999 .
Dr. Rice chose not to do that .
Indeed :
We know , for example , that then National Security Adviser Rice was warned repeatedly in 2001 about an imminent al - Qaeda attack against the U.S. , but , along with Cheney and Rumsfeld , she simply did n't believe that a cave dweller like Osama bin Laden could be that much of a threat .
She was warned by the outgoing Clintonite Sandy Berger , in January 2001 .
She was warned by the White House counterterrorism scold Richard Clarke .
And now , with Bob Woodward 's new book , State of Denial , and subsequent Washington Post reports , we 've been reminded that cia Director George Tenet warned Rice on July 10 , 2001 , that " the system was blinking red , " meaning that there could be " multiple , simultaneous " al - Qaeda attacks on U.S. interests in the coming weeks or months .
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and even Bush himself later made it clear :
The former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , General Hugh Shelton , said the Bush administration pushed terrorism " farther to the back burner " .
And in a sympathetic portrait of the young administration , Bush at War , the president himself told the author , Bob Woodward , that he " did n't feel that sense of urgency " about going after Osama bin Laden .
It was clear just a month into the Bush Presidency :
But when it comes to fighting terrorism , administration officials say the United States has no new initiatives to offer .
Top antiterrorism officials in the U.S. government tell NEWSWEEK that Bush and his lieutenants have yet to put forth a counterterrorism plan .
So far at least , the Bush team has kept on Clinton 's counterterrorism czar , Richard Clarke .
There had been explicit warnings even during the transition :
One such meeting took place in the White House situation room during the first week of January 2001 .
The session was part of a program designed by Bill Clinton 's National Security Adviser , Sandy Berger , who wanted the transition between the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations to run as smoothly as possible .
With some bitterness , Berger remembered how little he and his colleagues had been helped by the first Bush Administration in 1992 - 93 .
Eager to avoid a repeat of that experience , he had set up a series of 10 briefings by his team for his successor , Condoleezza Rice , and her deputy , Stephen Hadley .
Berger attended only one of the briefings — the session that dealt with the threat posed to the U.S. by international terrorism , and especially by al - Qaeda .
" I 'm coming to this briefing , " he says he told Rice , " to underscore how important I think this subject is . "
Later , alone in his office with Rice , Berger says he told her , " I believe that the Bush Administration will spend more time on terrorism generally , and on al - Qaeda specifically , than any other subject . "
But the Bush team was so obliviously sanguine that :
Though Predator drones spotted Osama bin Laden as many as three times in late 2000 , the Bush administration did not fly the unmanned planes over Afghanistan during its first eight months and was still refining a plan to use one armed with missiles to kill the al - Qaida leader when Sept. 11 unfolded , current and former U.S. officials say .
And as for Cheney himself :
Bush administration officials told former Sens. Gary Hart , D - Colo. , and Warren Rudman , R - N.H. , that they preferred instead to put aside the recommendations issued in the January report by the U.S. Commission on National Security / 21st Century .
Instead , the White House announced in May that it would have Vice President Dick Cheney study the potential problem of domestic terrorism -- which the bipartisan group had already spent two and a half years studying -- while assigning responsibility for dealing with the issue to the Federal Emergency Management Agency , headed by former Bush campaign manager Joe Allbaugh .
The Hart - Rudman Commission had specifically recommended that the issue of terrorism was such a threat it needed far more than FEMA 's attention .
Before the White House decided to go in its own direction , Congress seemed to be taking the commission 's suggestions seriously , according to Hart and Rudman .
" Frankly , the White House shut it down , " Hart says .
" The president said ' Please wait , we 're going to turn this over to the vice president .
We believe FEMA is competent to coordinate this effort . '
And so Congress moved on to other things , like tax cuts and the issue of the day . "
" We predicted it , " Hart says of Tuesday 's horrific events .
" We said Americans will likely die on American soil , possibly in large numbers -- that 's a quote ( from the commission 's Phase One Report ) from the fall of 1999 . "
Let 's highlight that :
Instead , the White House announced in May that it would have Vice President Dick Cheney study the potential problem of domestic terrorism -- which the bipartisan group had already spent two and a half years studying -- while assigning responsibility for dealing with the issue to the Federal Emergency Management Agency , headed by former Bush campaign manager Joe Allbaugh .
The Hart - Rudman Commission had specifically recommended that the issue of terrorism was such a threat it needed far more than FEMA 's attention .
Not only did the entire Bush Administration ignore multiple screaming warnings , but Cheney himself was tasked with studying the risk of domestic terrorism !
And even though Bush himself said he 'd periodically review the issue :
Neither Cheney 's review nor Bush 's took place .
Bush and Cheney .
Both .
Both given specific warnings .
Both claiming they would study the risks .
Neither doing so .
Their entire administration failing in every possible way , despite numerous specific and personal warnings .
Despite numerous specific and personal warnings that kept coming , right up until the days before the September 11 attacks .
It is hard to conceive of an administration being more incompetently reckless with our national security .
It is hard to conceive of an administration being more derelict in their most important responsiblity .
On December 31 , 2009 , the Transportation Security Administration backed off on an ill - considered administrative subpoena it issued to trasportation industry blogger , Christopher Elliott .
EFF assisted Mr. Elliott in responding to the subpoena .
The subpoena was hand - delivered to Mr. Elliott by a TSA representative on the evening of December 29 , 2009 .
It sought all documents " concerning your receipt of TSA Security Directive 1544-09 - 06 dated December 25 , 2009 . "
The much - criticized directive had been given to hundreds of employees of TSA and the airlines and described some of the passenger - related security measures put into place in the immediate aftermath of the unsuccessful attempted bombing of a Northwest Airlines flight on December 25 , 2009 .
The directive expired on December 30 , 2009 .
Mr. Elliott obtained it in the course of his coverage of the situation and had sought TSA comment before publishing .
The subpoena demanded all documents by the close of business on December 31 , 2009 , just two days after the agent delivered it .
Mr. Elliott ’s counsel Anthony Elia , assisted by EFF and others , responded to TSA by objecting to the subpoena both on the grounds that it did not provide a reasonable time for Mr. Elliott to respond and because it improperly sought to require a journalist to reveal his sources and materials .
Upon receipt of the objection , TSA first granted an extension to Mr. Elliott , then withdrew the subpoena entirely .
TSA also withdrew a similar subpoena it had issued to blogger Steve Frischling , but reportedly not until after the agents improperly threatened Mr. Frischling ’s job and pressured him into giving them his computer , which they then apparently damaged .
The facts of what occurred to Mr. Fischling are deeply troubling .
TSA should have known better than to use its civil administrative subpoena power to try to force these reporters to divulge their sources .
This incident reinforces the need for a federal reporter shield law that fully embraces the new era of blogs , tweets and other nontraditional journalism tools .
Nonetheless , we ’re pleased that cooler heads prevailed at TSA this time .
Anarcho - syndicalism in the 20th Century — A new book from Black Cat Press
We are happy to announce another new book from Black Cat Press .
Anarcho - syndicalism in the 20th Century , translated by Malcolm Archibald , is now in stock .
It ’s heartening to see Vadim Damier ’s book available to English - language readers .
Recent titles , especially those utilizing so many archival sources , are expanding our understanding of the global anarchist movement .
We welcome the opportunity to reflect on the recent history of a movement that is often dubbed moribund , outmoded , or otherwise useless .
What ’s perhaps strangest about the blanket rejection of the syndicalist tradition is that it is often done with such ignorance .
Hopefully resources like this one by Damier will change the perceptions of some contemporary anarchists toward the anarcho - syndicalist legacy .
Although , more importantly , may the book embolden those drawing lessons from the global anarchist tradition to apply them in the here and now , under present circumstances .
Here ’s an excerpt ( and a photo of Vadim ) :
Preface
Anarcho - syndicalism is a fundamental tendency in the global workers ’ movement .
It is made up of revolutionary unions of workers ( “ syndicat ” in French means “ trade union ” ) , acting to bring about a stateless ( anarchist ) , self - managed society .
Anarcho - syndicalism , the only mass variant of the anarchist movement in history , arose and acquired strength during a period of profound social , economic , and political changes — the first decades of the 20th century .
In the countries which formed the “ centre ” of the global industrial - capitalist system , a transition to a developed industrial society was taking place , while on the “ periphery ” and “ semi- periphery ” the process of industrialization was still only getting started .
The furious pace of social change often caused much suffering for the workers , forcing them to abandon traditional occupations and forms of life and pushing them into factories , frequently under onerous conditions .
Former agricultural labourers were uprooted from their accustomed mode of life — conditioned by centuries — while skilled craftsmen experienced anguish when they were forced into narrowly specialized or unskilled work .
The workers ’ consciousness was scarred by the growing alienation and atomization of the human personality under the conditions of the rise of “ mass society . ”
The workers ’ movement arose , to a significant extent , as an alternative force in relation to the industrial - capitalist system .
As the Italian sociologist Marco Revelli has noted , “ the modern State from the very beginning counterposed these two forces to each other , as opposing tendencies . ”
Of course , this opposition could be regarded in different ways , either more radically ( as in the case of the English Luddites who resisted the introduction of the factory system ) , or less radically ( in the form of workers ’ mutual aid societies , taking upon themselves control of the social sphere ) .
But almost always this “ early ” workers ’ movement was based on the spirit of independence , communal life , and collectivism preserved from the pre-industrial era of artisan workshops , in opposition to factory despotism .
The division of labour had still not reached the level of Taylorist fragmentation .
Skilled workers , with a good understanding of their own work and where it fit in the production process , were quite capable of thinking they could control production on their own .
On the other hand , the State mechanisms of social integration had not yet achieved sufficient development ; rather the social sphere was almost completely controlled by the institutions and organizations of the workers ’ movement ( associations , syndicates , bourses de travail , etc. ) , which frequently were regarded as the basis for a possible self - managed alternative .
In the social realities of those times there was undeniably a place for radical tendencies which to some degree aimed at the dismantling , elimination , or radical transformation of the industrial - capitalist system .
Although the majority of revolutionary syndicalists and anarchists were by no means immune from certain myths and concepts about the progressiveness of industrialism , still their social goals on the whole were oriented to a rupture with the system and its replacement with a new social structure based on self - management and decision - making by means of agreements arrived at “ from the bottom up . ”
Such views were compatible in many respects with the desires of the working masses in that epoch .
It is impossible to regard anarcho - syndicalism as some kind of insignificant , marginal phenomenon — as the extravagant escapades of “ extremist grouplets ” or the fantasies of salon intellectuals .
This is a global movement which spread to countries as different as Spain and Russia , France and Japan , Argentina and Sweden , Italy and China , Portugal and Germany .
It possesses strong , healthy social roots and traditions , and was able to attract hundreds of thousands , indeed millions , of wage workers .
Anarcho - syndicalists not only took an active part in the most important social upheavals and conflicts of the 20th century , often leaving their own indelible imprint on these events , but also in many countries they formed the centre of a special , inimitable , working class culture with its own values , norms , customs , and symbols .
The ideas and traditions of anarcho - syndicalism , and the slogans it put forth about workplace and territorial self - management , exerted an influence on many other social movements , including the workers ’ councils of Budapest ( 1956 ) , the student and youth uprisings of 1968 , Polish “ Solidarity ” in 1980 – 81 , the Argentine “ popular assemblies , ” etc .
Without knowing the history of anarcho - syndicalism , it is impossible to gain a reliable understanding of the history of many countries of the world ; it is impossible to grasp in its fullness the course of development and destiny of humanity throughout the last 120 years …
V. Damier
TABLE OF Contents
PART ONE Revolutionary Syndicalism
From the First International to Revolutionary - Syndicalism
The Rise of the Revolutionary - Syndicalist Movement
Revolutionary - Syndicalism and Anarchism
Revolutionary - Syndicalism during the First World War
PART TWO Anarcho - syndicalism
The Revolutionary Years
From Revolutionary - Syndicalism to Anarcho- syndicalism
The World Anarcho - syndicalist Movement in the 1920 ’s and 1930’s
Ideological - Theoretical Discussions in Anarcho - syndicalism in the 1920 ’s and 1930’s
PART THREE The Spanish Revolution
The Uprising of July 19 1936
Libertarian Communism or Antifascist Unity ?
Under the Weight of Circumstances
The CNT Enters the Government
The CNT in Government : Results and Lessons
Notwithstanding “ Circumstances ”
The Spanish Revolution and World Anarcho- syndicalism
PART FOUR Decline and Possible Regeneration
Anarcho - syndicalism During the Second World War
Anarcho - syndicalism After World War II
Anarcho - syndicalism in Russia in the Current Epoch
Bibliographic Essay
Acronyms
Index
The Northwest Indiana Times is reporting that Sean Sherk is off the UFC 108 card :
Former lightweight champion Sean Sherk has suffered an injury and will not fight on the Jan.
2 UFC 108 card , The Times learned Thursday from sources close to Sherk 's camp .
Sherk reportedly was scheduled to fight Jim Miller , though the bout had not yet officially been announced by the organization .
Ironically , Sherk was replacing Tyson Griffin , who just last week was forced off the card with an injury of his own .
There really are no words to explain the luck of this card .
Guys are getting injured one after another , the guys who replace guys who got injured are getting injured , and one of the main event fighters is rumored to be hurt but being paid to not pull out .
No matter what kind of front Dana is putting up , the promotion is not thinking of this card as business as usual .
I 'm just sure everyone is ready to see January 2 come and go .
Stepping in to replace Sherk will be Duane " Bang " Ludwig who will return to the UFC for the first time since 2006 to take on Jim Miller in a 155 lb contest .
Monte Cox said the 36 - year - old Minnesotan sustained a cut over his right eye that required multiple stitches .
Photo via sherdog.com
Matt Taibbi gives an in - depth presentation unmasking the Wall Street crony advisors that whisper in the President 's ear daily , the political push - pull that ended up gifting Tim Geithner his current job , as well as an analysis of the brains behind it all - former Goldmanite , Robert Rubin .
Students were taken aback at the University of Calgary ’s proposal to hike some tuition fees by as much as 47 percent .
“ I think it ’s probably fair to say all of our students are shocked by this .
To talk about escalations in excess of 40 percent , that they are expected to bear in under four months , is not only unreasonable it ’s totally impossible , ” says Charlotte Kingston the president of the students ’ union .
The university is targeting professional programs for the dramatic increase , in part , because those students stand to make more money in the first few years of their careers .
Under the proposal , engineering students would face an extra $ 208 per course ; business students would face an extra $ 248 per course ; law students would pay an extra $ 2,000 annually ; students in the faculty of medicine would be asked to pay an extra $ 4,616 per year .
“ These are going to have an impact on students , absolutely , ” says Colleen Turner , the vice president of external relations .
“ Part of the issue has been that the tuition at the University of Calgary , and at all post - secondary schools in Alberta , has been frozen effectively since 2004 . ”
The university says another reason professional students could face the highest increases is because other Canadian universities are charging more for those programs .
One law student thinks it ’s unfair their faculty is amongst those facing the highest hikes .
“ Just because we ’re a professional faculty does n’t guarantee we ’re going to have a job afterwards .
Especially in the market that is now and it seems a lot of the students do n’t have one lined up , ” says Matthew Lofgren .
The hikes have to be approved by the province and the university ’s board of governors .
If passed , the new rates will go into effect in September .
بازی انفجار شرطی
بازی انفجار شرطی , آموزش بازی انفجار کازینو , ترفند برد در بازی انفجار , ربات بازی انفجار کاربردی است , بازی ج دید انفجار در سایت , هک بازی انفجار شرط بند ی
سعید آذری حق رشد ایران را به دست آورد !
تلاش های مدیرعامل سابق ذوب آهن احمد سعید آذری برای به دست آوردن حق رشد رضا شکاری پس از 2.5 سال اتفاق افتاد بازی ج دید انفجار در سایت و
فیفا این باشگاه روسی را محکوم کرد .
بازی جدید انفجار در سای ت
آموزش بازی انفجار کازین و
رضا شکاری در سالهای اخیر به عنوان یکی از برترین فوتبالیست ها معرفی شده است .
وی گفت : او در آکادم ی ذوب آهن آموزش بازی انفجار کازینو بزرگ شد و وقتی درخشش خیره کننده ای در جام جهانی داشت ، به فوتبال ایران معرفی شد .
باشگاه روبین کازان روسی و به مصاف تیم رفت .
نکته قابل توجه در مورد انتقال طعمه روبین کازان این بود که سعید آذری ، آدرس سایت عضویت رئیس آن زمان صنعت آهن و فولاد ، ادعا کرد که این انتقال بدون اجازه باشگاه وی انجام شده است .
ترفند برد در بازی انفجا ر
در آن زمان ، آذری ها برای جلوگیر ی از این انتقال مکاتبات متعدد ی انجام دادند و سرانجام با پرداخت مبلغی حدود 100000 دلار برای روبین کازان صورت گرفت .
و فوتبال روسیه را تجربه کرد .
هانت پس از شکار برای روبین کازان ، مدت کوتاه ی
نیز برای روستوف بازی کرد و سپس در انتقال سریع سرعت به تراکتورساز ی منتقل شد .
پیوستن به یک تراکتور با تراکتور سعید آذری که تا همین چند ماه پیش مدیرعام ل ذوب آهن بود ، وی فکر کرد که این انتقال باید بازی جدید انفجار در سایت با رضایت ذوب آهن انجام شود ، بنابراین وی دو نامه شکایت به فیفا ارسال کرد .
ربات بازی انفجار کاربردی است
یکی حق شکار را از روبین کازان دریافت کرد و دیگری باشگاه تراکتورساز ی را به پرونده استخدام این بازیکن محکوم کرد .
این دو شکایت توسط باشگاه فیفا آموزش جدید ربات بازی انفجار در فیفا برطرف شد و چند روز پیش FCTA تراکتور را از هرگونه ادعای شکار پاک کرد .
امروز اما ، حكم دیگر
فیفا دستور داده است كه باشگاه روبین كازان روسیه باید حق شكار برای مقدار قابل توجهی شكار را بپردازد .
بازی انفجار شرطی
طبق حكم فیفا ، باشگاه روبین كازان برای تمرین باید 95 هزار یورو غرام ت سنگ آهن را پرداخت بازی انفجار شرطی كند .
5 ٪ از هزینه های تأخیر ( حدود 10،000 یورو )
نیز به این مبلغ افزوده می شود که افراد فراری 110،000 یورو در مطالبات جبران خسارت تحصیلی مطالبه می کنند .
هک بازی انفجار شرط بند ی
مقدار قابل توجهی پول می تواند در شرایط اق تصادی فعلی درآمد خوبی کسب کند و بسیار ی
از مشکلات فعلی آن را برطرف می کند .
نقش سعید آذری ، مدیرعامل فعلی فولاد ، که سالها در ذوب آهن کار کرده است ، قابل چشم پوشی نیست .
آذری تلاش زیادی کرد تا بتواند پول خود را به این باشگاه برگرداند و حالا این حق را برای باشگاه سابق خود به دست آورده است .
بازی انفجار در سایت شرط بندی ایران ی
آذری از این بابت این که امروز در اینستاگرام واکن ش
نشان داد هک بازی انفجار شرط بندی و
از تصمی م فیفا درباره روبین کازان آموزش جدید ربات بازی انفجار ابراز رضایت کرد ، بسیار خوشحال است .
آذری در صفحه خود نوشت : “ حق آموز ش بازی انفجار کازینو گرفتن وجود دارد ، نه یک حق است . ” من حتی در غیاب من از روبین کازان برنامه ترفند بازی انفجار و روسهای برجسته ، حق شکار رشد را نیز داشتم .
95،000
یورو از هزینه های آموزش به علاوه 10،000 یورو تاخیر بازی جدید انفجار در سایت داشت .
در کل یکصد و پنج هزار یورو .
آ نها همه را کار کردند .
دوستان عزیز در ذوب آهن شما ،
آموزش جدید ربات بازی انفجا ر
این موردی است که من دو سال است که دنبال می کنم .
بخشی از این پرونده بود که متأسفانه عقل گرایان اعلام کردند که رأی چدن را از دست داده اند ، دو بخش از مجازات فسخ غیرقانونی بازی انفجار شرطی و مجازات روبین کازان هنوز در انتظار است .
با سلام به ایران و ایران ، این اولین پرونده انضباطی است که یک باشگاه ایرانی به دست آورد ، یکی دیگر از اولین مواردی که من انجام دادم . “
سعید آذری در گذشته
نیز از باشگاههای مختلف شکایت کرده بود که وی حق رشد بازیکنان ی مانند پیام صادقیان ، محسن ربات بازی انفجار کاربردی است مسلمان و غیره را دارد .
اپلیکیشن بازی انفجار
بازیکن جوان چلسی ، سوارز به بارسلونا پیشنهاد می کند
لوئیز سوارز ستاره اروگوئه ادای احترام ویژه ای را به پدیده جوان چلسی تامی ابراهیم انجام داد .
به گزارش “ ورزش سه ” ، لوئیس سوورس ترفند برد در بازی انفجار در سال 2014 از لیورپول به بارسلونا پیوست .
هک بازی انفجار شرط بندی مهاجم اروگوئه ای اکنون به سن 32 سالگی رسیده و به نظر می رسد باشگاه بارسلونا به دنبال جایگزین ی برای مهاجم پیر در سال های آینده است .
برنامه ترفند بازی انفجار
لوئیز سوارز اما مصاحبه ای برنامه ترفند بازی انفجار بسیار ستودنی با تامی آبراها م انجام داده است و به نظر می رسد پدیده چلسی انگلیسی برای جایگزینی وی در بارسلونا مناسب است.
وی گفت : “ مهاجمان خوب زیادی هستند ،
اما من شخصاً به غیر از جوان بودن یا پیر بودن ، مهاجمان ویژه را دنبال می کنم .
یکی از شماره نه چلسی ، تامی آبراهام چلسی بازی جدید انفجار در سایت است.
مهاجم دیگری که دوست دارم با او باز ی کنم ماکسی گومز است که جدا از بودن یک اروگوئه ای از ویژگی های بسیاری بازی انفجار شرطی برخوردار است که بسیار ی از باشگاه ها از مهاجمان خود انتظار دارند .
مانند لاوتارو ، آنها نیز اثبات شده اند . “
برنامه تشخیص ضریب بازی انفجا ر
سوارز درباره زمان حضورش در دنیای فوتبال گفت : “ من در جام جهانی قطر خواهم بود و قطعاً قصد دارم به این هد ف دست یابم زیرا من بسیار پر پرواز و یک مبارز هستم . ” چه اتفاقی خواهد افتاد در دو یا سه سایت بازی انفجار سال آینده . “
سوارز در پایان گفت : “ با وجود ارزش ترفند برد در بازی انفجار و اهمی ت کفش های طلای لیگ برتر ، من می خواهم آن را با قهرمانی جایگزین کنم . ”
“ ما یک تیم جوان در لیورپول بودیم که بیشت ر از گذشته در حال ربات بازی انفجار کاربردی است رشد بودیم .
لیورپول مانند گذشته بازی جدید انفجار در سایت نبود .
ب نابراین قهرمانی در آن زمان می تواند خارق العاده باشد . ”
PATNA : It is estimated that Bihar 's population may touch 9.3 crore in the next census in 2011 , about one crore more than that was registered in the 2001 census .
In the last census , the population growth rate was 28.43 % .
Expressing concern over this growth , an organisation " War against Indian Population Explosion ( WIPE ) , " has suggested to the state government to declare two years as " no birth " years .
According to WIPE , 25 lakh children are born in the state every year .
However , the infant mortality rate in Bihar is higher than the national average as one in 16 children die within the first year of life and one in 12 children die before reaching age of five , according to National Family Health Survey ( NFHS ) .
WIPE president Dr Gopal Prasad Sinha and secretary Dr Ajay Kumar submitted a report and action plan to state health minister and health secretary at a camp at Bihta which recommended an incentive of Rs 5,000 to each couple who observe birth control .
They calculated it would entail a cost of Rs 250 crore in two years .
" It will be a most effective measure to check the population explosion , " said Dr Kumar and added this formula has been experimented in certain parts of Maharashtra which has yielded encouraging results .
Health minister Nand Kishore Yadav , however , apprehended it would not be practical .
" The first and foremost thing is to create a social awareness about birth control , " he told TOI on Saturday and added a population control body has been constituted under chief minister Nitish Kumar which is working out a plan to stablize the population .
" Birth control is not the job of only the health department .
Hence , many more departments are being drafted in the action plan , " Yadav said .
He said sometimes back a retired IAS officer of Tamil Nadu T V Anthony met the CM and suggested to launch the family planning as a campaign and influence the mind of the people without coercion .
Nitish is believed to have directed the health department to plan this campaign on a largescale and also involve HRD department and take cooperation of NGOs working in health sector to shoulder the responsibility of taking this campaign to the masses .
Nitish said , " If the existing rate of population increase is not checked , our efforts on all fronts will go waste and no scheme will remain viable . "
According to NFHS , fertility in Bihar is the highest in the country as a woman here has 1.3 children more in her lifetime than women in other states .
On an average , fertility is four children per woman .
Also , early marriage prevails as 69 % women and 43 % men get married before the legal minimum age of 18 and 21 respectively .
The use of contraceptive in the state is also lower compared to other states .
50 Design Tutorials for Mastering Gimp
January 25th , 2010
January 25th , 2010 Tutorials
The ultimate compilation of gimp design tutorials to take a novice and turn them into an expert , the perfect guide for anyone looking to learn or even master the ins and outs of Gimp .
Some Designers may see the title of the post and may be curious to learn more about what exactly Gimp , it ’s simple a free alternative to Photoshop which has similar features and functions to photoshop .
I ’ve always said i wanted to learn gimp but for one reason or another i just have never had the time , patients and been committed to learning it .
One day i decide to download a copy of gimp and was pleasantly surprised that it was free and thought it would be useful within the future when designing but with access to photoshop .
I had a search around the internet for some Gimp tutorials but struggled immensely to find any decent ones , this is what lead to me creating this article i decided to put all the best tutorials which would you to learn and master Gimp all in to one post .
I hope you enjoy this post , feel free to share your favourite tutorials from the article and tuts which we may have missed out .
Download Gimp for free over at : http://www.gimp.org/
2. Round Web 2.0 Button with a Metal Ring
3. Splattered Vector In GIMP
4. Bling
5. Tutorial : Beautiful Parrot Photo Manipulation in Gimp
6. MSNBC Style Effect
7 . How to create Lightsaber effects
8. Apple Leaped Wallpaper
9. Fancy Glow Effects
10 . Steampunk Tutorial
11 . ADVANCE ORB
12 . Gimp Cool Shapes Effect Tutorial
13 . Gold Text Effect
14 . Mac style Wallpaper
15 . Gimp Sin City Tutorial
16 . Gimp Tutorial : Awesome Bokeh Effect in Gimp
17 . Make Your Photo Look Like a Hollywood Movie
18 . Smelting text / Creating blood text
19 . Transparent Glass Lettering
20 . Creating Fireball and Explosion effect in Gimp
21 . Easy Way to Create Light Effects in GIMP in 9 Steps
22 . Designing iPod Touch in Gimp !
23 . Colourful glowing text effect
24 . Creative Composition
25 . Smoke Scene Design
26 .
Hot text on flames / fire
27 . Cool glowing text
28 . Creating a Vista - like wallpaper
29 . Modern Navigation
30 . Flame Abstract Tutorial [ gimp ]
31 . Making a pencil drawing from a photo
32 . Make Gunge - Vector Style Art
33 . Ornate Typographic Illustration Tutorial
34 . Fire
35 . Gimp Tutorial : Add HDR - like effect to a normal potrait picture .
36 . Just for fun pt 2
37 . Experiment on 3D Text Effect in Gimp
38 . How to Design a Dramatic Winged Dragon with Gimp
39 . Beautiful Planet Effect in Gimp Tutorial
40 . Volks Logo Tutorial
41 . Gimp Tutorial : Creating Dark Surreal Image in Gimp and Irfan View .
42 . Glossy bolt tutorial in GIMP
43 . Gimp Talk
44 . Gimp Talk
45 . Creating a Diorama Effect
46 . Water In Nature
47 . Gimp Tutorial : Eclipse Wallpaper
48 . Creating The Light Text Effect in Gimp
49 . Cool Typography Design Poster in Gimp
50 . Abstract Wave Effect
Museum Victoria palaeobiologist
Dr Erich Fitzgerald has made groundbreaking discoveries into the origin of baleen whales , based on a 25 - million - year - old fossil found near Torquay in Victoria , Australia .
Dr Fitzgerald 's study , which is published in the Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society , is centred on Mammalodon colliveri , a primitive toothed baleen whale , one of a group of whales that includes the largest animal ever to have lived , the blue whale .
Although Mammalodon was discovered in 1932 and named in 1939 , it has remained relatively unknown until now .
" Through study of Mammalodon , I hypothesise that it was a bottom - feeding mud-sucker that may have used its tongue and short , blunt snout to suck small prey from sand and mud on the seafloor .
This indicates early and varied experimentation in the evolution of baleen whales , " explained Dr Fitzgerald .
The research conducted by Dr Fitzgerald supports Charles Darwin 's speculation in The Origin of Species , that some of the earliest baleen whales may have been suction feeders , and that their mud grubbing served as a precursor to the filter feeding of today 's giants of the deep .
Although Mammalodon had a total body length of about 3 metres , it was a bizarre early offshoot from the lineage leading to the 30 metre long blue whale .
The new research shows that Mammalodon is a dwarf , having evolved into a relatively tiny form from larger ancestors .
Mammalodon belongs to the same family as Janjucetus hunderi , fossils of which were also found in 25 million year old Oligocene rocks near Torquay in Victoria .
This family is unique to south east Australia , their fossils only being discovered in Victoria .
" Clearly the seas off southern Australia were a cradle for the evolution of a variety of tiny , weird whales that seem to have lived nowhere else , " said Dr Fitzgerald .
Hi ,
Few weeks ago , I released a first ( experimental ) version of my Haskell Neural Network library .
And since then , I have been thinking about the design of this library ( and got some feedbacks from haskellers ) : how to improve it , how to let people easily plug their stuffs in it , etc .
In this post I ’ll try to share my thoughts about how HNN can be improved ( without anything neural network specific ) .
I hope it will somehow be useful to someone .
Typeclasses —
“ Is it really worth creating a typeclass for … ? ”
Let ’s first replace this in its context .
I like very much the typeclass feature of Haskell , I already used it for many things .
But hey , HNN is a project for the Haskell community , I just ca n’t throw some typeclasses in it without actually thinking about why it would be good , and why it would n’t .
Would n’t it be overkill and thus make haskell code using HNN less nice ?
In my case , it is about the list - of - value storage .
I started to store the weights and the inputs / outputs with lists of double .
Pretty inefficient yeah , but I was rather prototyping than seriously writing the library .
Then I moved to the uvector package , on Hackage .
Way more efficient .
But , you may wonder the following : “ what would he do if we have an even nicer and more efficient container ? ” — and you ’re right .
For the moment , intern stuffs are stored in an UArr and I provide both a list - based interface and an UArr - based one .
But , hell , it ’s already annoying to maintain both of these !
But I could n’t at that moment look at my code with enough hindsight to get the good and the bad and actually operate the necessary changes to make it for the release of the 0.1 version .
A possible plan for the next version is to have a typeclass representing Storage related functions , and instanciate it for UArr and List .
Then I ’d abstract the functions that I have to call differently for List , UArr and all in the Storage typeclass and thus would only require an instance of Storage to be given to the functions I need .
This way , if you have some container in some other part of your project , or if you just want to have a more performant / specific container store your values , it ’ll be possible , provided you will give the necessary functions at the typeclass instanciation .
Now that I shared my reasonning path , yeah , obviously , there will be a typeclass for value storing .
I even have some ideas about other uses for typeclasses , in particular one being suggested by Thomas Bereknyei : it would represent a computation .
Why would it be interesting ?
So that we could have complex computation units within neural networks , or interacting with neural networks .
I ’m particularly thinking of Kohonen Maps or recurrent neural networks .
About “ exposed function granularity ”
Maybe you already wondered whether you should expose few functions covering most of the tasks you library accomplishes or if you should rather provide many functions for little tasks .
First , I do n’t think there ’s an universal answer to that question .
It highly depends on the “ combinatorial ” capacity of the underlying concepts .
For example , parsec provides many little functions because using parsec consists in combining these little functions to create more complex parsers .
With neural networks , we do n’t have that much of a combinatorial power .
I mean , you create your neural network , apply training functions on it , and then use it .
And the library does not have ( yet ) enough maturity to provide features like neural network combinations or so .
So what ’s the best for HNN ?
For the moment , we only have few functions doing almost all the job , giving them parameters to have the necessary flexibility to train the neural network with the smoothness we want , etc .
I think it might be interesting to provide something similar to data structure folding for the neural networks , or even consider offering a graph - oriented interface ( after all , that ’s what neural networks are ) and provide graph traversal functions to operate on the neural network .
The key point here is to – whatever way I choose – provide higher order functions to operate on the neural networks , in addition to the simple and straighforward functions we can find in the library for the moment .
Conclusions
I will try to introduce some typeclasses to offer more flexibility to the future users , the number one priority being for the value storage .
In addition to that , I have to provide users functions offering them to do nearly anything they want on the neural network , like we have folds for lists , trees and all .
If these both goals are satisfied in a close future , HNN should definitely be more interesting for serious use .
Another point I have to consider is to offer even better performances since neural networks “ just ” compute stuffs .
UArr helped a lot for that , but I ’m pretty sure I can introduce other improvements on that aspect of HNN .
I just need to read again some pages of the GHC manual 😉
I hope these thoughts will be useful to someone .
At least , they have been to me .
Got an e-mail list of customers or readers and want to know more about each — such as their full name , friends , gender , age , interests , location , job and education level ?
Facebook has just the free feature you 're looking for , thanks to its recent privacy changes .
The hack , first publicized by blogger Max Klein , repurposes a Facebook feature that lets people find their friends on Facebook by scanning through e-mail addresses in their contact list .
But as Klein points out , a marketer could take a list of 1,000 e-mail addresses , either legally or illegally collected – and upload those through a dummy account – which then lets the user see all the profiles created using those addresses .
Given Facebook 's ubiquity and most people 's reliance on a single e-mail address , the harvest could be quite rich .
Using a simple scraping tool , a marketer could then turn a list of e-mail addresses into a rich , full - fledged set of marketing profiles , with names , pictures , ages , locations , interests , photos , wall posts , affiliations and names of your friends , depending on how users have their profiles set .
Run a few algorithms on that data and you can start to make inferences about race , income , sexual orientation and interests .
While that information is n't available for all users , Facebook changed its privacy settings in early December so that certain information can't be made private , including one 's name , current city , profile picture , gender , networks and friend list ( the latter can be somewhat hidden from public view ) .
Anyone with your e-mail address can harvest that information , the company admits .
That 's unacceptable , according to the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's Kevin Bankston , who says that 's not the Facebook people signed up for .
" Just because Facebook users want to share personal info with their friends does not mean they want to share it with any nefarious parties on the internet , " Bankston said , " but that is exactly what Facebook is forcing its users to do . "
With the new privacy settings , users can shut off being found by their name by changing who can find them on Facebook or by web searches .
But even if you restrict as much as you can , if an outsider knows your e-mail address , they can find the rest of your profile information that Facebook now designates as public – namely your name , profile picture ( if you 've uploaded one ) , current city ( if you 've filled one out ) , networks ( if you 've joined any ) and pages you are a fan of , according to Facebook .
" If someone knows your e-mail address , they can find you even if you 've restricted search privacy , " Facebook spokesman Andrew Noyes told Wired.com .
That 's very valuable information to marketers , who can use it to evaluate their product , understand their user base better , create targeted marketing materials or sell the information to others .
But Facebook says it works to catch rogue marketers and sets a limit on the number of e-mail addresses that can be run through its system , according to Noyes .
" We 've developed several systems to detect and block malicious use of the Friend Finder , " Noyes said .
" For example , we do n't allow users to upload contact lists past a certain size .
We also block users who upload contacts at an anomalous rate .
Still , the onus is on users to make a decision about their information , according to the company .
" However , we encourage people with concerns to configure their privacy settings appropriately , " Noyes said .
Users should know that the information exposed in this little hack is not unlike that which is turned over to third - party applications whenever you or one of your friends installs an application , including such things as quizzes to decide what kind of pet you are .
It 's not clear if any marketers are using this loophole , but it would be very difficult to know
Facebook is pushing its users to share information in an attempt to keep Twitter from eclipsing the site as the center of the net 's online conversations .
The site hopes getting users to publish more publicly will make it the place people turn when they need to find recommendations , a function currently dominated ( with great profit ) by Google .
But privacy activists say Facebook has broken the contract with its users .
Some groups have filed a formal complaint with the FTC , saying the recent changes are illegal .
Augmenting marketing data to learn even more about customers is n't new , and has been offered by companies such as Choicepoint for years .
Rapleaf offers a strikingly similar service to the demonstrated hack for companies willing to pay money .
Screenshot via Christopher Blizzard
See Also :
Five American soldiers have been charged in a horrendous rape and murder case in Iraq ( and a sixth for not reporting it ) .
In the United States , rape is now a public crime .
Cases are regularly discussed and followed in the media ; victims are far less often blamed ; if you turn on a TV program like Law & Order : SVU , rape cases are national drama and even entertainment .
In Iraq , rape remains a crime largely kept out of the sight of a society that finds it almost too heinous to imagine ( which does n't necessarily make it uncommon ) .
Consider , for instance , the comments of an Iraqi journalist , Raheem Salman , who works for the Los Angeles Times and who interviewed the first relative to enter the house of the 14 year old victim after she had been raped and murdered , and her body partially burned by American soldiers :
Or consider the young Sunni blogger , Riverbend , who writes Baghdad Burning and now seems to live as a semi- shut - in in an Iraqi capital caught in a heightening state of civil war .
( " It 's like Baghdad is no longer one city , it 's a dozen different smaller cities each infected with its own form of violence . " )
In a post in which she discusses the death of a friend -- a twenty - six year - old civil engineer caught in sectarian violence in his neighborhood -- she also turns to the rape case in this fashion :
Finally , consider the fine reporter Nir Rosen , who has spent much of the last three years as an independent journalist in Iraq -- and who looks Iraqi enough ( his father was Iranian ) to have been able to experience both sides of the occupation .
He has been embedded with U.S. troops , but also embedded with ordinary Iraqis .
( " My skin color and language skills allowed me to relate to the American occupier in a different way , for he looked at me as if I were just another haji , the " gook " of the war in Iraq . " )
At the Truthdig website , he writes a summary account of the American occupation ( " creating enemies instead of eliminating them " ) as he encountered it that has to be read to be believed .
He concludes :
Or consider the young Sunni blogger , Riverbend , who writes Baghdad Burning and now seems to live as a semi- shut - in in an Iraqi capital caught in a heightening state of civil war .
( " It 's like Baghdad is no longer one city , it 's a dozen different smaller cities each infected with its own form of violence . " )
In a post in which she discusses the death of a friend -- a twenty - six year - old civil engineer caught in sectarian violence in his neighborhood -- she also turns to the rape case in this fashion :
Finally , consider the fine reporter Nir Rosen , who has spent much of the last three years as an independent journalist in Iraq -- and who looks Iraqi enough ( his father was Iranian ) to have been able to experience both sides of the occupation .
He has been embedded with U.S. troops , but also embedded with ordinary Iraqis .
( " My skin color and language skills allowed me to relate to the American occupier in a different way , for he looked at me as if I were just another haji , the " gook " of the war in Iraq . " )
At the Truthdig website , he writes a summary account of the American occupation ( " creating enemies instead of eliminating them " ) as he encountered it that has to be read to be believed .
He concludes :
In a similar way , the now highly publicized rape and murder of an Iraqi girl by American soldiers focuses attention on one horrifying case of sexual terrorism , but not on the larger issue of what has actually happened to the majority of Iraqi women in the wake of the American invasion and occupation of their country .
Ruth Rosen , a former columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle and the Los Angeles Times , as well as the author of a superb history of the modern women 's movement , The World Split Open , explores this distinctly under - reported but crucial topic :
What , in fact , has the Bush administration 's " liberation " of Iraqi women meant since 2003 ?
Tom
Abu Ghraib .
Haditha .
Guantanamo .
These are words that shame our country .
Now , add to them Mahmudiya , a town 20 miles south of Baghdad .
There , this March , a group of five American soldiers allegedly were involved in the rape and murder of Abeer Qassim Hamza , a young Iraqi girl .
Her body was then set on fire to cover up their crimes , her father , mother , and sister murdered .
The rape of this one girl , if proven true , is probably not simply an isolated incident .
But how would we know ?
In Iraq , rape is a taboo subject .
Shamed by the rape , relatives of this girl would n't even hold a public funeral and were reluctant to reveal where she is buried .
Like women everywhere , Iraqi women have always been vulnerable to rape .
But since the American invasion of their country , the reported incidence of sexual terrorism has accelerated markedly .
-- and this despite the fact that few Iraqi women are willing to report rapes either to Iraqi officials or to occupation forces , fearing to bring dishonor upon their families .
In rural areas , female rape victims may also be vulnerable to " honor killings " in which male relatives murder them in order to restore the family 's honor .
" For women in Iraq , " Amnesty International concluded in a 2005 report , " the stigma frequently attached to the victims instead of the perpetrators of sexual crimes makes reporting such abuses especially daunting . "
This specific rape of one Iraqi girl , however , is now becoming symbolic of the way the Bush administration has violated Iraq 's honor ; Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki has already launched an inquest into the crime .
In an administration that normally does n't know the meaning of an apology , the American ambassador , Zalmay Khalilzad , and the top American commander in Iraq , Gen. George W. Casey Jr. , both publicly apologized .
In a fierce condemnation , the Muslim Scholars Association in Iraq denounced the crime : " This act , committed by the occupying soldiers , from raping the girl to mutilating her body and killing her family , should make all humanity feel ashamed . "
Shame , yes , but that is hardly sufficient .
After all , rape is now considered a war crime by the International Criminal Court .
It was n't always that way .
Soldiers have long viewed women as the spoils of war , even when civilian or military leaders condemned such behavior , but in the early 1990s , a new international consensus began to emerge on the act of rape .
Prodded by an energized global women 's movement , the General Assembly of the United Nations passed a Declaration on the Elimination of Violence Against Women in 1993 .
Subsequent statutes in the International Criminal Tribunals for the Former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda , as well as the Rome Statute for the International Criminal Court in July 2002 , all defined rape as a crime against humanity or a war crime .
No one accuses American soldiers of running through the streets of Iraq , raping women as an instrument of war against the insurgents ( though such acts are what caused three Bosnian soldiers , for the first time in history , to be indicted in 2001 for the war crime of rape ) .
Still , the invasion and occupation of Iraq has had the effect of humiliating , endangering , and repressing Iraqi women in ways that have not been widely publicized in the mainstream media :
As detainees in prisons run by Americans , they have been sexually abused and raped ; as civilians , they have been kidnapped , raped , and then sometimes sold for prostitution ; and as women -- and , in particular , as among the more liberated women in the Arab world -- they have increasingly disappeared from public life , many becoming shut -ins in their own homes .
Rape and sexual humiliation in prisons
The scandal of prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib focused on the torture , sexual abuse , and humiliation of Iraqi men .
A variety of sources suggest that female prisoners suffered similar treatment , including rape .
Few Americans probably realize that the American - run prison at Abu Ghraib also held female detainees .
Some of them were arrested by Americans for political reasons -- because they were relatives of Baathist leaders or because the occupying forces thought they could use them as bargaining chips to force male relatives to inform on insurgents or give themselves up .
According to a Human Rights
Watch report , the secrecy surrounding female detentions " resulted from a collusion of the families and the occupying forces . "
Families feared social stigma ; the occupying forces feared condemnation by human rights groups and anger from Iraqis who saw such treatment of women by foreigners as a special act of violation .
On the condition of anonymity and in great fear , some female detainees nevertheless did speak with human rights workers after being released from detention .
They have described beatings , torture , and isolation .
Like their male counterparts , they reserve their greatest bitterness for sexual humiliations suffered in American custody .
Nearly all female detainees reported being threatened with rape .
Some women were interrogated naked and subjected to derision and humiliating remarks by soldiers .
The British Guardian reported that one female prisoner managed to smuggle a note out of Abu Ghraib .
She claimed that American guards were raping the few female detainees held in the prison and that some of them were now pregnant .
In desperation , she urged the Iraqi resistance to bomb the jail in order to spare the women further shame .
Amal Kadham Swadi , one of seven Iraqi female attorneys attempting to represent imprisoned women , told the Guardian that only one woman she met with was willing to speak about rape .
" She was crying .
She told us she had been raped .
Several American soldiers had raped her .
She had tried to fight them off , and they had hurt her arm .
She showed us the stitches .
She told us , ' We have daughters and husbands .
For God 's sake do n't tell anyone about this . ' "
Professor Huda Shaker , a political scientist at Baghdad University , also told the Guardian that women in Abu Ghraib have been sexually abused and raped .
She identified one woman , in particular , who was raped by an American military policeman , became pregnant , and later disappeared .
Professor Shaker added , " A female colleague of mine was arrested and taken there .
When I asked her after she was released what happened at Abu Ghraib , she started crying .
Ladies here are afraid and shy of talking about such subjects .
They say everything is OK .
Even in a very advanced society in the west it is very difficult to talk about rape . "
Shaker , herself , encountered a milder form of sexual abuse at the hands of one American soldier .
At a checkpoint , she said , an American soldier " pointed the laser sight [ of his gun ] directly in the middle of my chest
Then he pointed to his penis .
He told me , ' Come here , bitch , I 'm going to fuck you . ' "
Writing from Baghdad , Luke Hardin of the Guardian reported that at Abu Ghraib journalists have been forbidden from talking to female detainees , who are cloistered in tiny windowless cells .
Senior US military officers who have escorted journalists around Abu Ghraib , however , have admitted that rapes of women took place in the cellblock where 19 " high - value " male detainees were also being held .
Asked how such abuse could have happened , Colonel Dave Quantock , now in charge of the prison 's detention facilities , responded , " I do n't know .
It 's all about leadership .
Apparently it was n't there . "
No one should be surprised that women detainees , like male ones , were subjected to sexual abuse at Abu Ghraib .
Think of the photographs we 've already seen from that prison .
If acts of ritual humiliation could be used to " soften up " men , then the rape of female detainees is hardly unimaginable .
But how can we be sure ?
In January , 2004 , Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez , the senior U.S. military official in Iraq , ordered Maj. Gen. Antonio M. Taguba to investigate persistent allegations of human rights abuses at Abu Ghraib .
The Taguba Report confirmed that in at least one instance a U.S. military policeman had raped at least one female prisoner and that guards had videotaped and photographed naked female detainees .
Seymour Hersh also reported in a 2004 issue of the New Yorker magazine that these secret photos and videos , most of which still remain under wraps by the Pentagon , show American soldiers " having sex with a female Iraqi prisoner . "
Additional photos have made their way to the web sites of Afterdowningstreet.org and Salon.com .
In one photograph , a woman is raising her shirt , baring her breasts , presumably as she was ordered to do .
The full range of pictures and videotapes are likely to show a great deal more .
Members of Congress who viewed all the pictures and videotapes from Abu Ghraib seemed genuinely shaken and sickened by what they saw .
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , R - Tenn called them " appalling ; " then - Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle described them as " horrific . "
Ever since the scandal broke in April 2004 , human rights and civil liberties groups have been engaged in a legal battle with the Department of Defense , demanding that it release the rest of the visual documents .
Only when all those documents are available to the general public will we have a clearer -- and undoubtedly more ghastly -- record of the sexual acts forced upon both female and male detainees .
Sexual Terrorism on the Streets
Meanwhile , the chaos of the war has also led to a rash of kidnappings and rapes of women outside of prison walls .
After interviewing rape and abduction victims , as well as eyewitnesses , Iraqi police and health professionals , and U.S. military police and civil affairs officers , Human Rights Watch released a report in July , 2003 , titled Climate of Fear : Sexual Violence and Abduction of Women and Girls in Baghdad .
Only months after Baghdad fell to U.S. forces , they had already learned of twenty - five credible allegations of the rape and / or abduction of Iraqi women .
Not surprisingly , the report found that " police officers gave low priority to allegations of sexual violence and abduction , that the police were under - resourced , and that victims of sexual violence confronted indifference and sexism from Iraqi law enforcement personnel . "
Since then , as chaos , violence , and bloodletting have descended on Iraq , matters have only gotten worse .
After the American invasion , local gangs began roaming Baghdad , snatching girls and women from the street .
Interviews with human rights investigators have produced some horrifying stories .
Typical was nine - year - old " Saba A. " who was abducted from the stairs of the building where she lives , taken to an abandoned building nearby , and raped .
A family friend who saw Saba A. immediately following the rape told Human Rights Watch :
" She was sitting on the stairs , here , at 4:00 p.m .
It seems to me that probably he hit her on the back of the head with a gun and then took her to [ a neighboring ] building .
She came back fifteen minutes later , bleeding [ from the vaginal area ] .
[ She was still bleeding two days later , so ] we took her to the hospital . "
The medical report by the U.S. military doctor who treated Saba A. " documented bruising in the vaginal area , a posterior vaginal tear , and a broken hymen . "
In 2005 , Amnesty International also interviewed abducted women .
The story of " Asma , " a young engineer , was representative .
She was shopping with her mother , sister , and a male relative when six armed men forced her into a car and drove her to a farmhouse outside the city .
They repeatedly raped her .
A day later , the men drove her to her neighborhood and pushed her out of the car .
As recently as June 2006 , Mayada Zhaair , spokeswoman for the Women 's Rights Association , a local NGO , reported , " We 've observed an increase in the number of women being sexually abused and raped in the past four months , especially in the capital . "
No one knows how many abducted women have never returned .
As one Iraqi police inspector testified , " Some gangs specialize in kidnapping girls , they sell them to Gulf countries .
This happened before the war too , but now it is worse , they can get in and out without passports . "
Others interviewed by Human Rights Watch argued that such trafficking in women had not occurred before the invasion .
The U.S. State Department 's June 2005 report on the trafficking of women suggested that the extent of the problem in Iraq is " difficult to appropriately gauge " under current chaotic circumstances , but cited an unknown number of Iraqi women and girls being sent to Yemen , Syria , Jordan , and Persian Gulf countries for sexual exploitation .
In May 2006 , Brian Bennett wrote in Time Magazine that a visit to " the Khadamiyah Women 's Prison in the northern part of Baghdad immediately produces several tales of abduction and abandonment .
A stunning 18 - year - old nicknamed Amna , her black hair pulled back in a ponytail , says she was taken from an orphanage by an armed gang just after the US invasion and sent to brothels in Samarra , al - Qaim on the border with Syria , and Mosul in the north before she was taken back to Baghdad , drugged with pills , dressed in a suicide belt and sent to bomb a cleric 's office in Khadamiyah , where she turned herself in to the police .
A judge gave her a seven - year jail sentence ' for her sake ' to protect her from the gang , according to the prison director . "
" Families and courts , " Bennett reported , " are usually so shamed by the disappearance [ and presumed rape ] of a daughter that they do not report these kidnappings .
And the resulting stigma of compromised chastity is such that even if the girl should resurface , she may never be taken back by her relations . "
Disappearing women
To avoid such dangers , countless Iraqi women have become shut -ins in their own homes .
Historian Marjorie Lasky has described this situation in " Iraqi Women Under Siege , " a 2006 report for Codepink , an anti-war women 's organization .
Before the war , she points out , many educated Iraqi women participated fully in the work force and in public life .
Now , many of them rarely go out .
They fear kidnap and rape ; they are terrified of getting caught in the cross - fire between Americans and insurgents ; they are frightened by sectarian reprisals ; and they are scared of Islamic militants who intimidate or beat them if they are not " properly covered . "
" In the British - occupied south , " Terri Judd reported in the British Independent , " where Muqtada al - Sadr 's Mehdi's Army retains a stranglehold , women insist the situation is at its worst .
Here they are forced to live behind closed doors only to emerge , concealed behind scarves , hidden behind husbands and fathers .
Even wearing a pair of trousers is considered an act of defiance , punishable by death . "
Invisible women -- for some Iraqi fundamentalist Islamic leaders , this is a dream come true .
The Ministry of the Interior , for example , recently issued notices warning women not to go out on their own .
" This is a Muslim country and any attack on a woman 's modesty is also an attack on our religious beliefs , " said Salah Ali , a senior ministry official .
Religious leaders in both Sunni and Shiite mosques have used their sermons to persuade their largely male congregations to keep working women at home .
" These incidents of abuse just prove what we have been saying for so long , " said Sheikh Salah Muzidin , an imam at a mosque in Baghdad .
" That it is the Islamic duty of women to stay in their homes , looking after their children and husbands rather than searching for work --- especially with the current lack of security in the country . "
In the early 1970s , American feminists redefined rape and argued that it was an act driven not by sexual lust , but by a desire to exercise power over another person .
Rape , they argued , was an act of terrorism that kept all women from claiming their right to public space .
That is precisely what has happened to Iraqi women since the American invasion of Iraq .
Sexual terrorism coupled with religious zealotry has stolen their right to claim their place in public life .
This , then , is a hidden part of the unnecessary suffering loosed by the reckless invasion of Iraq .
Amid the daily explosions and gunfire that make the papers is a wave of sexual terrorism , whose exact dimensions we have no way of knowing , and that no one here notices , unleashed by the Bush administration in the name of exporting " democracy " and fighting " the war on terror . "
Historian and journalist Ruth Rosen teaches history and public policy at U.C. Berkeley and is a senior fellow at the Longview Institute .
A new edition of her most recent book , The World Split Open : How the Modern Women 's Movement Changed America ( Penguin , 2001 ) , will be published with an updated epilogue in 2007 .
Copyright 2006 Ruth Rosen
